i am on Focalin
Not to try to make you take medication again but what I use is methylphenidate and it help’s me a lot in school
SHUT UP I HAVE 30 mg MEDICATION☠AND IT DOESNT EVEN HELP☠☠ wait wha- 0:24
They give you adderall in the US for ADHD? Jesus Christ… I’ve tried ritalin, it sucked long term and now I take dexamphetamine which is fucking great.
Anyone has a link to the dancing cow video...? This video is great at 2.5× speed btw, even funnier.
This is hilarious!! Thank you I love your videos 😂❤
Hello! Brazilian here, ADHD too, and i used to take the same meds that you had, but in my experience, Concerta SAVED MY LIFE.
sport bro, it was my solution
yea, thats a big thing. in my experience and from a lot of others in my friendgroup: Medication is nice, but can work totally different on different persons. Also it does not include therapy, which is also pretty helpful just to engrave some healthy habbits ^^'
I have ADHD and it’s very hard😢😢 and like I do stuff that was like stated this video as like I don’t really like it’s hard having ADHD because like I can’t focus on stuff, but I take meds to help me focus that’s not fun because my meds make me sleepy and I don’t wanna be sleepy. Sometimes I’m sleepy I kinda like being sleepy though so yeah and I get a migraine every time I don’t take my meds. THAT IS NOT FUN😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
What’s the name of that cow
Adder all made me a zombie I didn’t understand I couldn’t function
same bro i have ADHD too
Taking Venvance was, hands down, the WORST experience I've ever had as someone with ADHD It was pretty much everything you described + the fact I was in college
LOL I LOVE THIS,can relate with guys in head XD
BRO WHAT? I HAVE MEDS 4 THE SAME THING AND I ALSO TAKE VIVANCE!
I’m awetistic
My life: adhd but not medicated
Here in Australia all you need is a 10 dollar note and ya good to go
lol you are so funny :D
bruh explained my whole childhood in under 8 minets
Song
1:52 this is way too true, like holy fried twinkies this is too true, i have ADHD and i *LIVE* OFF OF DOPAMINE, and dopamine is definitely the one in charge
Why are you having sponsors on EVERY video. EVERY video has the sponsor bit and the animating and humour is good but TOO much.
Vyvanse you can just stop taking them.  They are not a medication that you need to take on a schedule like others.
Anyone from Poland? 0:06
i need a black background.. the white burns my eyes
i didnt expected polish meme on begining and im polish
İ personally use concerta and it really helps(i mean i have been using it for 10 years now) it really help you focus on 1 specific thing and also makes you feel a bit energetic but doesnt stop you from daydreaming. also if you stop using concerta after using it for a while you just start to behave like you are very sick.
I actually went back to the dancing cow a few times before starting to watch the video :)
😂
I was watching and then I unironically started singing the polish cow song from the start of the vid mid watch
2:49 me too, but I think I do not have ADHD
I take Adderall. Concerta is the angry pill, and Vivance is Ok.
*into the video
Bro said ADHT only 33sec into the verse do
the way I didn't make it through the intro without looking down at my phone and another tab
Fun fact, the medication doesn't work at all when you have your periods ! Yay ! And as they just realised that women can have ADHD too, they are just discovering that hormones have a huge impact on the symptoms. Another fun part of being a woman in this world !
What do i do then?! God dammit
I've been on Vyvanse for about 2+ years now, and I've tested varying levels of dosage + taking other pills alongside it (with my psychiatrist's aid and approval), so I wanna add my two cents of my learned experiences.   Disclaimers:  - I'm biologically female. ADHD and meds, by extensio,n work VERY differently depending on biological sex. I do not know how it works for men, I only know that the menstrual cycle is a bitch that makes my life very difficult taking medication. - I am ALSO Autistic. Unfortunately, stimulants are proven to be a 50/50 gamble for AuDHDers. I'm lucky that they work... sort of. But they will never work as well for me as someone who has had ADHD only. - I'm Australian, so I can't comment on how pharmacies and shit work in the US of A.  So for dosages, I dabbled with the (20mg), (40mg), (50mg), and (30mg).  - 20mg: two weeks. Felt fucking great, but I'd crash several hours before bed. Not ideal. - 40mg: Finally started to really work, but I noticed a lot of... odd things happening. I was absolutely getting the Good Shit with the Vyvanse Focus Mode (which, as stated in the video, is a double-edged sword), but I noticed I was getting... irritable. Moody. I'd get sensory overload faster. I felt like I was becoming less pleasant company. And I still wasn't getting the focus I actually wanted. Confused, I'd asked to go up to the 50mg because I was still getting energy crashes, and my psychiatrist agreed. - 50mg: Spoiler alert. This was a mistake. I was on 50mg for nearly a year, and it was NOT good. It started GREAT. PERFECT. I had never felt so productive or functional in my life. But I became utterly inflexible with my routines, would pick fights with anyone who stopped me from working, would hear noises nobody else could hear because my senses were dialled up to 100, started developing extremely unhealthy obsessions that would steal my time away instead of work, AND I developed severe breathing issues towards the end. The worst part is: I was scared to lower my dose. My psychiatrist had wanted to lower my dose several times over the year, but I was so adverse until it was MY idea that I suffered for a year without needing to. - 30mg (what I take NOW): This is my golden level. My standard. It is far from perfect, but it's the best balance I've found between not taking meds and taking too many meds. That being said, let me elaborate more on how my medication actually works now, because this needs context.  As a bio female, I suffer from rises and drops in Estrogen. Estrogen has DOPAMINE. Dopamine is very important for ADHD people - we need it badly, we never absorb it as well as other people, and we're useless if it's too low. When Estrogen rises, you get BIG dopamine, and that feels fucking great. When dopamine drops, though, you get withdrawal and become a shell of a person who's tired and depressed. Unfortunately, the relationship between ADHD, Dopamine, Estrogen, and the menstrual cycle for women is a severely under-researched issue because many idiots in the medical field still think women can't have ADHD, and periods and cycles are also woefully under-researched. There is no proper medical fix because of this, so a lot of this stuff is trial and error for me, making little adjustments in meds and making lifestyle changes.  That said, I have two versions of my meds schedule: normal/high Estrogen, and low Estrogen.  NORMAL SCHEDULE: - 30mg Vyvanse: Taken once, first thing in the morning. This is the main player, the stimulant. It is not only a Central Nervous System drug, but it also contains a bit of dopamine and other helpful chemicals to aid the ADHD brain. VERY IMPORTANT TIPS ABOUT VYVANSE: You need to eat within two hours for it to work properly, so don't skip breakfast. You also don't want to drink coffee too soon after Vyvanse because coffee is also a stimulant - I like to wait two hours after taking Vyvanse to drink coffee. It's different for everyone. - Propranolol (propranolol hydrochloride) 10mg: Traditionally a drug used for heart issues, migraines, and a bunch of other shit, mine is specifically a very low dose recommended for anxiety. It also helps a minor tremor I have in my hands. Initially, when I took this drug, it made me sleepy and I hated that, but I eventually adjusted and now it's a godsend. I take it once a day, usually 1 hour after I wake up. Despite its usefulness and ability to be taken up to four times a day, I can only take it once a day; otherwise it will make my blood pressure too low because I have a sedentary lifestyle. - Epilim (sodium valproate) 100mg: If Vyvanse is the main player, Epilim is the production crew that keeps the show from falling apart. Traditionally used to treat epilepsy, Epilim is also used as a minor mood stabilising drug in treatment for bipolar disorder (something I was once mistakenly diagnosed with. Fun fact: it's extremely common for women with Autism or ADHD to be misdiagnosed with mood disorders like Bipolar or BPD for being "overly emotional." Medical misogyny sucks.) However, my psychiatrist informed me that very recent studies have shown that a SMALL dosage of Epilim, while taken with stimulants is the key to making Autistic people not crash on while on Stimulants. So now, I take crushable tablets of epilim: 100mg cut in half each day - the first 50mg half is taken roughly an hour after Vyvanse, and the second 50mg half is taken 6 hours later (I set a timer). The craziest thing I've noticed about Epilim is when I miss my afternoon pills - if I forget to take Epilim for whatever reason, I crash out HARD emotionally and it's ALWAYS because I forgot my Epilim. If I take my Epilim, I am so very chill.  LOW ESTROGEN SCHEDULE (take for 4-5 days straight): - 40mg Vyvanse: Because of my lower dopamine, I increase my dosage to give me a fighting chance to battle my dopamine withdrawl. So far it's worked very good when combined with active, productive days to keep the dopamine generating, but my sleep is pretty restless at night.  - Propranolol (propranolol hydrocloride) 10mg: exactly the same. - Epilim (sodium valproate) 50mg + 100mg: Epilim is also adjusted. Usually, when I take the 40 of Vyvanse, I start happy and get more burnt out as the day goes. So, I take the 50 Epilim as per usual in the morning, but 6 hours later, I double the dose at take the 100mg pill whole. This tends to make me a little more tired and mellow (compared to the hyperactive energy of early day 40 Vyvanse), but it's integral to avoiding some moritfying episode of bursting into tears because a cricket has been chirping at me for 4 hours straight.  IMPORTANT TAKEAWAYS: - This is what works for me at this current time. It is not perfect. It will not work for everyone. But the reason I sat my ass down to write this all out is to prove that people CAN find strategies to battle their issues... it might just take a lot of trial and error. For example, if my meds schedule starts to fall apart at any point, my doc and I have discussed using a specific type of anti-depressant to treat ADHD because it gives dopamine/seratonin. I haven't tried it yet and will only do that if I have to, because for now I feel stable enough to make due with an imperfect but helpful medical cocktail. - Number 1 piece of advice: you NEED a GOOD psychiatrist. I'm being so for real here - a genuinely awesome psychiatrist while change your life in ways eight years of therapy never had. You need someone who's flexible, open-minded, keeps up with current research, and is willing to experiment. I lucked out by getting recommended mine from a psychologist and he's the only good psychiatrist I've ever had. My psychiatrist is neurodivergent, which helps a LOT. Please do not settle for a bad doctor, you'll get nowhere. - I absolutely still have issues with focus. 30mg Vyvanse tends to feel "normal" and I do have to plan my days better. Limiting distractions you know are giving you the wrong dopamine helps. Changing up environment and routine also helps, even if that sometimes feels like an imposible thing to do. I focus way better on 40mg, but it's better for me to take 30mg normally so I can still feel the "magic" of the 40 for the few days I have it and actually need it. - For other women, I personally wouldn't take higher Vyvanse dosages during your period, but that's just me. Give your body a chance to rest, please. - ALSO FOR WOMEN, birth control can REALLY fuck with your ADHD. Like BADLY. Please read up on it and talk to your doctor/gynecologist/psychiatrist, especially if you're suffering from depression or anxiety, because it might be the hormones from birth control. - Do I still suffer breathing issues? Fortunately, I don't. Or, more specific, I very rarely do. When I *do* have breathing issues, it is because of a source - chemical household cleaning supplies (I swapped to more natural stuff), my cat's litter box (changed the litter type and moved it to the other side of the house for distance), shower mold, smoke outside, bad ventilation, etc. There's usually almost always a solution for the problem and I don't have to suffer weeks on end feeling like my lungs are going to fucking give out even when my doctors tell me there's nothing wrong with my body.  Apologies this is so long, but hopefully it helps somebody. And hopefully YouTube doesn't instantly delete it either lmao.
I've been taking ritalin for a couple of months at this point. I gave me the hability to return to task A even if I sidetracked all the way to task Z, mind you I take 10mg a day of Ritalin LA.
I have adhd too so I can I feel you andy
Try semax
hahah koksu pięć gram dobra nuta ...
Justice for compu
Take Concerta that’s what I take
I 0:06 0:07  it’s about killing them self the song
Buuuuuuuuuuuu
Thank you for adding polish cow🙏
i don't wanna use medication because i like my adhd
Adhd is like every thing is fascinating  but can't pay attention to anything..
As I've learned recently, ADHD medication like Vyvanse cause you to become more dehydrated I wonder if that has anything to do with the negative effects you were feeling
I really wish I could just forever remove ADHD from my brain. It makes life so much harder for me. Medication's basically off the table cause I have high bloodpressure, and gettin medicated in my country would take forever anyway.
3.40 ...and I'm still thinking about the dancing cow. Going to have to rewind so I can notice what was said.
Poland mentionedddddddd
…im currently not on my meds and haven't been for a year, I should probably start taking them again
Now I think I have ADHD
My head is like that SpongeBob episode in which there are hundreds of mini SpongeBobs inside SpongeBob's head 😂
drop the link to that cow video
The best possible way to get someone to subscribe
I have ADHD and 5 gram adderall 2:19
While most people typically view adhd as a curse, i like to see it as a blessing as it gives you more ways to look at things and see things that some people wouldnt even be bothered to notice
I’ve forgotten meds a lot of times in one week and this explains both me medicated and unmedicated.😅
People need to take responsibility... stop identifying yourself with and as a defect. Read audiobooks if you can't read text... that's what I do. I don't take ADHD specific meds, just anti-depressants and anti-psychotics. I'm so hyperactive but my will to continue a task (that I really want to do) allows me to do it (with many many music breaks). Work around your neurodiversity, don't defer responsibility to a doctor or a drug.
That video😂
That video😂 0:08
So relatable:3
Exactly why I discourage myself from trying medications. It’s easier to just deal with the circus than deal with doctors and trials and the new pros and cons that come with it all.
Rewatching this cuz im finally gonna get medicated 🥹 turns out I’ve been diagnosed with adhd years ago but my mom kept it from me WHICH IS THE WORST THING YOU COULD DO TO YOUR CHILD💀
I went into these time warps as a child, mostly in second grade.  I'd be working on an assignment, look up, and find that hours had passed while I'd gotten very little done.  It seemed super unfair.  Happily, I outgrew it.  Sadly, one of my kids had the same problem.
why is your YouTube channel name ice cream sandwiches?
for me personally, Atomoxetine has worked so far. In addition, I keep on going to therapy sessions to work on tricks to control my ADHD.
You could also strattera, its a slow buildup medication (over weeks) bon stim adhd med
pizza
Unfortunately for me during my school years, my father denied the doctors...and told me to just try harder. I ended up having to retake at least 1 class each year.
🎉❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉huh
😂 hahaha
This is me in a nutshell...
God damn it, as someone with adhd, I had to go revisit the polish cow dancing video
6:49 yea, this happens if I take too much medication
3:04 yea, your body gets used to some medication, and so you have to get progressively higher and higher doses for it to continue to work. I had to do that with Vyvanse before I switched to methylphenidate
I got distracted by the comment then heard nordvpn and then i saw books. Wait what was i saying?
Timing all the parts I relate to: 0:56 3:56 4:20
i got adhd
Wait, how do I find that cow video?
I wonder if you could have switched to a different medication or a different dosage of what you were taking if it was too high (that’s what it sounds like to me, at least, from when I was figuring out my dosage of Concerta — the side effects you describe remind me of when I was trying the #2 dosage and it was too much) (also when I got my meds they came with a handy dandy list of info about the medication, including side effects, so I knew the heart palpitations and dry mouth I was experiencing was due to the meds) For me, the pills of Concerta were 18mg each, but 36 was too much, but apparently they make a 27mg dosage pill, which is what I take now
I have adhd and when I’m doing something ill get lost in thought and snap back and realize its done and working
I think the thing with medication is that it's viewed as this magic pill that will solve your problems, when in reality it just helps make things easier. Best way I can put it is imagine fighting a dark souls boss. Shit is hard and you're gonna die a ton and it feels like you're banging your head into a brick wall until something happens. ADHD medication is literally just a buff. The boss is still hard af and you have to do all the work of fighting a souls boss, and the buff won't fix your skill issue, but it can make the issue easier to deal with.
I got diagnosed about a year ago (I'm 32yo) I'm taking meds (methylphenidate 54mg), someday I don't take it, somedays I do, somedays i use them the way your not supposed to. Overall the effect on life is positive, actually reflecting back while typing, it's really positive. The biggest thing for me is to be able to "relax your brain" with the meds, it feels like I can finally control them. I am still a little concerned about the long term side effects but for now, I only wish I would have got diagnosed earlier.    overall life before meds: everything I ever started, I couldn't finish; school, army, couldn't hold a job.   overall life with meds: I still don't finish everything, but I do finish A LOT more, I got a degree (this is 50/50 since I got the meds while getting that degree). I now have my own business, don't forget stuff AS MUCH (I still forget quite a lot tho).    + the "silence in your head" + productivity   - if you take it too late, you lose some sleep         (+but if you have bad sleep and wake up tired, the meds wakes you up)
If you have not tried it, try Elvance, it's the only type that has worked for me.
My adhd is not that bad But I have a hard time with studies By the end of a sentance I forget the beginning of it and I have to reread it 5 times for it to click I space out a bunch mid sentance because the reading takes too much out of me And the thing is I READ BOOKS it happens there too sometimes Dont get me started on math And sleep Anyway I have been not very gently pushed to get asessed by a medical proffessional Oh well
I am undiagnosed but the first thing I did was open the cow song in another tab to listen and vibe to It for like exactly 32 seconds before forgetting this tab + the cow song for a while after I remembered I actually wanted to pick a video to watch while playing PokeRogue </3
psych drugs are for the weak
What about strattera
I've been off vyvanse for a while now, but I got off it for the exact same reasons. You get hyperfocused on whatever it is you're thinking about 1hr or so after you take it.   Then the side effects come along, shortness of breath and fast pulse for me. They didn't get worse, but the positive effects dwindled if I didn't take breaks... Except when I took breaks I was like a brainless lifeless husk.   Wife and I talked about it and I quit taking them, didn't even go back to my psych lol.   Thing about ADHD is, it gets better with age as your prefrontal cortex develops (which can happen well into one's 20s). It's also much easier to live with once you're aware of it and can feel better about it and actively try to adapt strategies that overcome your weaknesses, ie notes, calendars and alarms. Routine and habits. All these things help me function.
tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu 5 gram, odleciec sam w kraine zapomnienia w głowie myśli mam kiedy skończy sie ten stan, gdy juz nie będę sam
Yes.
Funny thing about me is I have adhd but am allergic to Adderall to the point my doctor didn't let me take any other adhd meds but my concerta
You know something funny? The best and worst thing about having existential ocd regarding the fear of having no degree free will, ALONG with having adhd as well, is that I don’t feel like I do have much if any free will, which is because I actually don’t. Not because humanity in general lacks the ability of agency. It’s just that I don’t because of the ocd and adhd.
I take Focalin, it works pretty good, and I take 15 milligrams a day, it helps me with work at school, and it makes me not act up
4:23 That's exactly how I say the word "focus" to people 😂😂
soo true really can relate ^^  btw how wos that song at the beguinning called was looking for it for a while ^^`
Adht
That polish dancing cow is hunting him  Lyrics are sad tho
me at the age of 21 realising I may have adhd
Me hav adhd:(
That’s so real I used to take really high meds for my ADHD till one of my friends told me that I was really boring with them so i lied to the doctor till I go to little to none
4:46 , this is not true, Adderall is not Meth-Amphetamine, but the less wild brother Amphetamine-sulphate (and a few other salts). Don't let this reasoning deter you from trying it, it's not meth.
I have ADHD and I take conserta and I am now stronger then the medicine mwahaha. CatCar go bark
How is stopped taking the meds a really bad thing that we're not supposed to do?
Meditation, takes while to get the superhuman benefits that almost undo adhd.  But a small amoutn fo practice also already improves life.
0:00 POLAND MENTIONED 🇵🇱
Poland mentioned 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
started taking ADHD medication recently and i'm finding myself relating to this video often, i'm re-watching it while under the effect of the medication, because, while i can concentrate enough to start studying now, i also get distracted and end up looking things up and learning about stuff that is not what i originaly intended to, so this video is a pretty good account of what the medication experience is like.
Random overlapping thoughts that only disappear when watching some really interesting movie or TV show or anime.. or gaming.. all the other time.. yeap a god dang bazzar :D
I don't understand how in the US you can legally diagnose a problem practically by yourself and then get medication for it that is often used as a recreational drug, all without extensive clinical assessment to first determine if you even actually have ADHD. Nuts!
I listen to 432 pure hz and it just clears my brain of thoughts
I take vivance
just a heads up that vyvanse is also essentially meth if we are gonna go with the "adderall as meth" comparison. its just dextroamphetamine with a lysine molecule attached to make it release slower. this is what makes it smoother and feel a bit different, but vyvanse and adderall are much closer than meth and adderall.
My former teacher's ADHD medication for me is in the form of "corrective beatings". Kinda work I guess, traumatized a bit but manageable
I used to take Ritalin in elementary and they upped my dosage to Concerta. I did not enjoy that way of living. It made me feel like a pill head or psych patient. If I forgot a dose I was treated like I was going to detonate if I didnt take my pills asap. And then Concerta the experience got worse. It practically shut off my personality. Things that I normally found funny or enjoyable became uninteresting and not funny. So much so that being around friend became problematic. It was basically like I wasn't there expect to do they school assignment that the adults oh so desperately wanted me to focus on. They got the results they wanted of improved grades but at the expense of my quality of life. Once I got older I just learned to control myself better without pilling up all the time.
WHAT I CANT HEAR YOU CAN YOU SPEAK UP PLEASE
I have ADHD
Was it just me who herd m*th instead of math
Brain: no u do space nothing else- Andy: but I like other things ooo space
Tylko jedno w głowie mam…
6:51 if you take adhd meds, it can make ur heartbeat faster, which can sometimes cause asthma or make your asthma worse if you have it, and if you run while on meds it feels like a panic attack or smt (i have adhd and asthma)
I took a non stimulant ADHD med for 10 years that never worked for me bc my mom didn't "believe" in stimulant meds. I stopped taking them bc my psychiatrist retired and they never linked me w anyone new. I never had any adverse reactions. Now I'm unmedicated and struggling but refuse to go back on meds bc in the US I don't wanna be put into a labor camp by rfk Jr for being "an addict" ✌️ I hate it here
In college I was on these anti depressants and they work fine for a while, but something similar happened to me. One day I just started shaking, all day, then threw up like I was hacking up my stomach all night. I could hardly breathe, I couldn’t move. It was pure struggle to sit up to throw up. As it turns out, I was starting to get adverse reactions to my anti depressants. Now I just have to live with depression without anti depressants.
I don’t have the hyperactivity so I’m just ADD, but very similar. lol even now I’m reading comments; commenting and rewinding and watching
Guh
best video of all time, the eh.. it's just great. The ...depiction Depiction (got it) at the beginning is perfect (network connection broke) YEAH ok thank you, just keep making videos like these.
once the meds stop working or you get to an age when you shouldn't take the meds, its a bad rest of your life
You should try Ritalin 😊
I used to take adhd meds but it had a major side effect of making me unable to eat, and if i tried to eat i felt like i was gonna throw up, this led to an eating disorder where i was so skinny my ribs were super visible through my skin. I eventually quit, but i still struggle with eating sometimes, i forget to eat all the time.
I know it’s been two years but I thought I’d let u know that my psychiatrist told me that taking vitamins could help with some of those symptoms. Then u don’t get the cons of meds. Obviously I know that every person is different and this won’t work for everyone but it’s worth a try imo 🤷‍♀️
3:15 the hand was scary 😂
I am on medication for over a month now. I did bank on beeing more focused. I didn`t bank on using that focus on the distractive stuff.
Friend: Yeah aderall is great but also you are also effectively taking m*th.  Ice Cream Sandwich: hmm.  😂😂😂😂😂💔💔
I use ritaline and it ruined my life and creativity😢 2:03
What’s crazy is when I heard   all the voices, in your video, talking at the same time. I could understand them all 😅
I am on drugs   The good kind for adhd
Literally the only YouTuber I will actually sit through sponsorships for💙
I have ADHD. Where did you learn to animate? I would love to express my feelings through animation
I know there was such thing as ADHD, but I didn't know I had it. I thought I was doing what normal lazy people do. I have been taking concerta for one month now, and I have concerns about being addicted to it. It feels so good for 4 hours, I have the power to finish, start something, then I feel normal again. Being normal does have a difference than medication untaken days, but I wanted that 4 hours to last longer. So I took coffee for caffeine and it was not like it. I had hyper feeling, but not focused just anxious and sensitive, then depressed about nothing.
For me without medication is Just doing fun 3 things at the same time and progess is slow.  Also want to do something that gives dopamine All the time. And a very hard time to start work that requires focus.  With medication I do 1 fun Thing at the time. And can do work that requires focus. And listen to more complex music.
i just liked this video to notice the thumb went hollow. i forgot i already liked it and had to re-like it :) short term memory
Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu 5 gram XD
I like the animation so sooo much 😂😀😀😀🤣 It is like my mind
6:56 mine make me dizzy when I don’t take them for a few days
I feel far less alone now knowing this is ADHD and I’m not being gaslit by the universe.
I have adhd and this dude NAILED IT 😂😂 1:08
0:02 GIVE ME THE COW BACK
Isn't it like vyvanse and aderal are totally the same - bassicly meth. Only diffrence is the release time and duration.
Maaaaaaaan  ADHD is crap  Ppl don't know whats up with u and they pump young Teenager full of hatd Medication,... So me  Ritalin, strattera, concerta, and now it is wellbutrin, but good Haze does the job to 😅 but the legality in my country is VERY WIERD 😂😂😂
I use metholfened
andy: 'what is the solution to that?' 'DRUG'
Personaly i don't have adhd but from what he said its so different theres nothing going on at all times... just nothing in my mind... at all and its crazy  Mad respect for the adhd havers who deal with a lot keep going guys im supporting ya!
polska
I have been taking vyvanse for my entire life 💀
I have ADHD
0:43 bomb difusal cheese
Now I understand that many “bad” students probably just had ADHD, and neither teachers nor parents realized that
I take ADHD over PTSD any day PTSD sucks
The idea that meds might not work out is so terrifying because like ADHD has caused me to crash and burn for the last several years.
I remember taking Vyvanse in high school, day 1 i could barely stay awake, and after day 2 it had no effect whatsoever
2:03
I need the full video on the cow song witht he cow dancing, someonr pls save me
Adoral works fine for me
I had almost the exact same experience only difference is my adverse effect was lack of hunger so i wouldn't eat lunch at school  Edit: I am now very skinny
I understand what he means about not getting tunnel visioned on results, I did this and went down a bad path that ended with me essentially taking the entire bottle at once to try and "fix" my adhd, my brain still hasn't gone back to normal yet
I’m on concerta, absolutely amazing
I also have ADHD, and i o take medication for it, and they seem to work well.  Oh, and i was perfectly finding myself in the ADHD symptoms
You may stop taking meds at any point if the doc says you can
I’m literally taking vyvance rn lol
3:07 I purposefully got up and starting walking around bc u said that
I think I might have adhd because I’ll be thinking about how I need to do my project but then next thing I know I’m making a rocket ship
How long did you take the meds until u felt bad?
Very late comment but  As someone who has survived off medicine for several years now   The biggest insight I am detecting from you, is your severe lack of ROUTINES  Some people do survive just fine unmedicated (specifically talking about ADHD) but the biggest thing is FORM… PRODUCTIVE… ROUTINES!!!!!  It will take much effort, but you can still be productive without ADHD medication   Repetition and consistency is key.
This makes me feel so seen!😅😭
Concerta works for me. Im on 108mg thi aha x
0:49 fun fact when I was a kid like 5 everyone thought I had 80hd but just had over reactive imagination so I had all the symptoms all the good stuff about it but no bad party besides the attention, spand
Hey i do that and that I also forge wait.
I appreciate the video and I do hope you find a solution for you. I learned there's are natural ones and different variations, however, I've only ever taken Methylphenidate, and no, it isn’t related to the four letter drug. For me, it allows me to think, focus, and do things. Immediately able to write my stories or work on my engineering projects, all the same. I’ve taken it for years and itself done me well, but this video really opens my eyes to the fact that there are so many different ones and that each one affects people differently.
I wish I got it cured
The cow cracked me up anyone else😂
I have ADD not ADHD its almost the same
7:30 you did the right thing, if your body truly has adverse effect of that strength its better to go through the temporary imbalance  that stopping the intake does than to keep taking them since your body was truly rejecting them. Side effects are super weird, but it can happen
This is true
POV: Vyvance
Yeah so Vivance gave me a seizure. I had a very similar reaction to it as you did, except turns out those episodes of out of breath, dizziness, fuzzy vision and memory and headaches were mini-seizures. Of course I didn’t know this until I was taking a chem test and then woke up in the hospital cause I had a full blown seizure. I stopped taking Vivance for the summer, then when school started again I went on Adderall, but JUST LIKE YOU SAID it does nothing for focus. So I guess it’s either have another seizure or fail AP Physics
I got diagnosed with ADHD (combined type, unfortunately) at 19. I was on Adderall until my psych office at the time suddenly just. Stopped doing outpatient with no warning??? And then literally nobody else was willing to prescribe a ✨scary controlled substance✨ because I wasn't a misbehaving small child in a public school classroom.  I only just got back on Proper Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder Medication™ in the past three months. I am now 29. I had been self meditating with a frankly medically unwise amount of caffeine for almost the entirety of that decade in the meantime. Unfortunately there are things in Monster specifically that can make OCD worse so that was an entirely different story.  Anyways I am now on methylphenidate (generic for Concerta) 36mg and it's a game-changer. It's not perfect, but it's enough for me to start the process of trying to get things done more reliably.  Unfortunately it's taken so long that the adjustment of the neural pathways by the medication long-term is almost impossible, so I'm probably going to need this stuff to function for the rest of my life. 😐
WHY HE SO RELATBLE THO WHAT
im polish ts song in intro its about narcotics addiction
I started taking ✨folcalin✨ and the first two days i took it where GREAT!! and since then my folcalin has had no effect on me other than making me feel like im vibrating for the first 2 hours.
2 years later!!!! im on concerta watching this video realising it does absolutely nothing for me, i still cant do anything, and i dont really have that much issue with focus i guess i just focus when i need to but lowkey useless, all it does is help stop the h in adhd (hyperactivity)
I have 500 projects on GitHub each and every one working to some extend but the moment it became Hussle to even progress I switched to entirely new one
Btw, he probably said Adderall is basically meth because it contains amphetamine. Guess what, so does vyvanse!
0:43 drug🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥
try wellbutrian its very nice ive been on many this one if my favorite its just like good subtle stuff its less intense and keeps you you and it builds so it doesnt have a high and then low just steadiness
All the meds I tried made me have emotional outbursts, so I just stopped.
1:25 this is literally my average school experience
For all people that arent polish the cow is singing that it only thinks about cocaine
I take Adderall as well
This video made me remember I forgot to take my meds tonight, gonna go take them now :D
i FUCKING despise ritlin and concerta.
"is the heat death of the universe something i need to worry about"
I have adhd, there was this one time where I was in class, then I just thought, “hey, I need to finish my animation script”, then I think of what I need to get done, think of what it will look like, and just keep thinking about that.
whats the song in the first seconds pls?
0:01 Poland 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
focalin me
I take meds like this common if you take meds too I mean I take meds
Ritalin... also basically meth but not as much as addies, still abused and addicting (I'm not really selling this, am I?) But they work like a charm
Normally, my ADHD is not that bad, like when im doing something i like, but at night and when im doing something i do not want to do, i think about everything, BUT what im trying to do 😅
I’m naming my child pizza
All my adhd meds I’ve tried I just stopped taking entirely lol. I’m fine. I’ve done a lot of personal work to try and develop new habits to help against my adhd which have helped a lot. Lots of just willpower and forcing myself to do things that take a long time to slowly have effect. Still far far from perfect and still have awful days but I’m infinitely better than I was as a kid.
new knowlege downloaded aderal=meth
becasue NOT every day is super productive... you are all improperlly educated about how human is suppose to function. Meds are NOT the solution... they are suppose to be only a TOOL to help but YOU need to do the work not the meds.... geeezz people are dumdums...
I recently got diagnosed and i have yet to take medication, i want to try and learn strategies before i pop pills
Fun fact: The intro song is about crack and full of swears!
I usually try to think of as many things as possible and then overload and explode my brain so i think of nothing
Try 70 mg of caffine every few hours
lol you the polish cow was singing about drugs
Adderall is NOT Meth. Please stop spreading that nonsense misinformation. And you really should have educated yourself on the different types of meds more. For example, I find it quite baffling that you tried two types of amphetamines without you or your doctor even considering Methylphenidate (Ritalin), which, at least where I live, is the drug of first choice for treating ADHD because it works for most people while having the most manageable side effects (and you can also simply stop taking it without any issues).
Hyper fixation ADHD: 🤪🫨🫨🫨 Mind ADHD: 🤯🤯 Combined ADHD (me): 😵
I have ADHD as well
"if I'm online is...infinity" omg relate to this soooo much, I worked on a computer everyday and so bloody hard to keep track of a simple task like sending an email and not start googling 'how to bake bread from scratch'
I found atomoxetine HCL helpful, aka Straterra. Except, as you said, I stopped taking it after several months - which I shouldn't done; only the company I worked for had been sold off, so I lost out on my affordable PPO benefits and simply couldn't afford a prescription on Unemployment Insurance.
I had basically the same problem. I took some meds, they would help, but cause problems I didn’t wanna deal with. So now I’m back to square one. No meds.
I am guaranteed to forget your name by the next time I see you, do not be alarmed and please don't take offense.
You're a HUGE inspiration to me and one of the many reasons i started youtube, thanks!
Been on riddelin and concerta and they were very helpful for me 10/10 would recommend adhd medication if you need it
I take vyvanse and this focus struggle is absolutely spot on. That’s the reason why you need to develope a structure and productivity systems that are tailored to you.  With out taking meds my productivity is either interest based or urgency based. So those just work. If I take Vyvanse I can stay in that focus loop and go deep. But if I wanted to be productive and precise with my focus I need lists of things to do and a functional calander and functional project management systems that work to structure my tasks well. I can’t just do this in my head it needs to be written down and sorted. Without the meds these plans never worked but with vyvanse they generally become useful to me.
it's not for sth or anything but free gaza free palestine and idc about how many hate comments i will get
i take ritalin
Even when they work well, and the side effects are tolerable, stimulant meds only cover about 1/3 of the distance between having ADHD and not having ADHD.  We still can’t do as much as fast as neurotypical people (“average Alex”) can.  It would still be great to get some help.  It is still highly likely that we will struggle quite noticeably because nobody is interested in helping anyone else consistently.  It just isn’t AS bad. 🫤
2+2=  One 2 + one more 2= 12+12=24
Nice that you got a good job you like, happy for you :)  I will probably end as a bum or a homeless one day. I cant focus at my job or at school, and its life wrecking really.
I have never tried stimulants (heart thing) and I have had various mixed results with non stimulant adhd meds. Lexapro/Wellbutrin combo seemed to do the trick, but I had to swap to Zoloft recently and I don't think it is quite the same, but nowhere near as bad as no meds. Need em for mood regulation, too haha. I tried a different one and hohhohhhooooo it was BAD. Thankfully I had backup of the old med from before that was okay to swap between, so I went back to that until I could talk to my doc. Meds are weird.
Did anyone remember to unsub?
i have the exact situation you explained with having really intense focus once the meds kick in, but i seem to have been distracted so many times after taking the meds that i forget i took meds, so then i am intensely locked into one thing for 4 hours instead of doing what i actually should do and realize that i didnt do what i wanted to do but also didnt eat, go to the toilet or drink, and then once i cooked, drank and went to the toilet i am already so exhausted by the tasks that i. the end i go back to doing whatever because the effects of the medication starts wesring off and i lose focus again….
Oh! There is a polish song about 5 g of coke 😂
That's EXACTLY me, but never asked for any help.
0:00 fun fact that cow song is actually a polish song about depression, and taking drugs. ....i did not make this up.
guh was me when i was medicated
I have adhd and i can do stuff fine exept fo haveing 3 souces of media at once
哈哈哈開頭太可愛了  1:58  笑鼠😂  話說善用ADHD源源不覺的靈感 真的會是天賦欸
Currently on Adderall been on Adderall since I was 10 or something now I can't go without it or I get really sick like really really sick but they are slowly lowering my dose so I can still take it but I am more independent
Seems like i got adhd too,huh... Well now i finally know,thx bro❤
Polska gurom! 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
have you tried concerta? it helps for me, maybe try it?
So what was the solution? D r u g
That is a song about depression and hes smiling to it…
I got adhd to
Well this and the previous video are much more relatable than I would have imagined. Coffee straight sucks now. Weed also gives me “ability” but also only for physical tasks. I have in the past lived a different lifestyle that just kinda made it easy to focus. I lived on a boat and was very social with my neighbors. That fixed the problem 100%. Super motivated to fill my water, get diesel for heat, and figure out clever solutions to complex problems. Living socially is a big help. Living in nature is a big help. Drugs don’t help. Only do drugs with friends for fun religiousish experiences, not for performance
Brodie threw out his normal pills 7:22
5:30 my phone froze then so i thought he was just standing there
For me personally caffeine works wonders for some reason
the polish cow meme 😂😂😂
Omg you are funny ^^
Justice for compy >:( !!
What's that cow song? I need to have it on my playlist  now 😂
Concerta worked for me. First 30 days l had some side effects but now its good.
https://youtu.be/Vy8moBcKVIM?si=KiQUNKQbCrFA1yc2
Vivance sucked dawg. It helped BUT my heart was beating really fast, shorter breaths, i was not fun to be around and it made my acne terrible
audhd and i just smoke the right weed. indica hybrids against the sensory overload and some sativa hybrid to get the edge and depression off and helping me focus.on top of that routines and just little hacks i've learned about myself to keep tracks. taking drugs wake n bake style to get 'normal' is such a strange concept. smoke cannabis and be yourself instead.
My doctor daid it was fine to stop taking vyvanse   without talking to him first if it gets bad
Kesini gara gara topi sihir
I have ADHD TO AND HAVE THE SAME SYMTHOMES...
**DISCLAIMER I AM NOT A PSYCHIATRIST AND ALSO DON’T DO ANYTHING WITHOUT FIRST TALKING TO YOUR PSYCHIATRIST!!**, BUT i have had the same experience as ice cream sandwich is describing where i took the meds i was prescribed and it worked TOO well so i was hyper focusing. all that meant was that i was taking too high of a dosage. we dialed it back, and it worked so well. it’s not just a matter of experimenting with different types of meds, but also different strengths.
Every animated story YouTubers I watch has ADHD, it’s a curse 😭
smoke sativa stupid
I personally had a rough time with Vyvanse. It made me _extremely_  anxious, and because it’s slow acting, it lasted almost the whole day. I’ve also tried Wellbutrin and Quelbree (both non-stimulants that still help with ADHD), both of which stopped working after about 3-5 days. I’ve been on Adderall for about 15 years, and while it’s had its ups and downs, it seems to be helping me limp along at least. I’ve just taken the “I only focus on what I find interesting at the moment” in stride and have somewhat learned to redirect my laser focus onto something I need to do.
His description of what adderall feels like is eerily accurate for me. If I’m not medicated, and I try and do something, my brain will bring up a slightly different task, and then another, and another, and so on and so forth.  It also made it so that when I try to do something that I don’t want to do, my brain simply refuses to do it. Not that it’s hard, like I physically can’t do it. However when I started taking aderall, it was like night and day.  Suddenly, I could think about one thing for minutes on end. This sometimes worked too well. I’d be doing something for one class, then I’d get another assignment. My brain would not stop working on the first one until it was finished, no matter how long the first assignment took. This inevitably lead to me writing a 4 page essay, only to realise that I was writing it on the wrong topic. To sum it all up, normal people get distracted sometimes to do other valuable things. Aderall makes it so that you cannot get distracted.
MEDS ARE USELESS IF YOU DON'T ALSO TRAIN URSELF TO BE USEFUL ON THEM
I'm 36 and finally tried medication for the first time half a year ago (I take something called Elvanse which I thiiiink in the US might be that Vyvance you talked about) and while it really helped/helps me, it was veeeery surreal at first, felt like getting super high the first day and it's definitely not something like a magical cure that turns you into that super productive being you always wanted to be. Its more like a file system for your thoughts or at least that's how I experience it so I can definitely agree with your description. There's still that part of you that HAS to learn how to control your newfound ability to concentrate and target those specific things you need to get done. Trust me I have those unproductive days, too. It's almost like it takes you by the hand and gives you that sensation of "yeah well I can actually do this shit" but it won't turn you into something new. This realization was a little disappointing at first, but I've come to appreciate it because I still feel like it's me doing it, not the drug. What I also like about it is the fact that after taking it for a while, even though I see the change it makes in me during a workday, I don't feel like I'm taking a drug that's really hard on my body, if you know what I mean? Oh, and another HUGE bonus: when I take the medication, my dark thoughts simply disappear thanks to the continuous and steady release of dopamine. Yay. I think our different experiences just show that it's absolutely necessary to try different things and find out what works for YOU. Don't let anyone talk you into taking medication that may not be the best fit for your personal ADHD characteristics. No reputable psychiatrist would push you to take a medication that you feel is not right for you. Don't be afraid to talk about symptoms and side effects. With this attitude, you will find the right thing for you. Keep up the good work, and oh, look, a squirrel...
CONCERTA for me is perfect. I recommend it to everyone :D
yeah as a person with adhd, I had to rewind a few times because I started thinking about that cow song-mostly because I'm waiting for my medication to click in( and I'm yet to hit 2:00)
Wait a second I have all these adhd symptoms
The only stimulant I've tried is Concerta, it sucks so bad I don't want to touch stimulants anymore. My psychiatrists guess is that because of my anxiety disorders, the meds Amp up the anxiety. I guess. It made my sensory issues crazy bad.   I started a nonstimulant after that called Guanfacine [aka tenex or intuniv], and I've been on it ever since because it actually helps me. I started at 16 and I'm 21 now, and I only just recently had the dose raised. It treats my insomnia super well, it helps me focus and tones down the hyperactivity. It's used for hyperactive ADHD in children, and tourettes apparently. Also high blood pressure treatment
I don’t take my ADHD medication unless I really need it, because if I don’t have something to intensely focus on, like schoolwork, then I get anxious and jittery from the medication.
You are cool I like you; how do you do these videos having adhd I can‘t even make the easiest task
4:40 Vyvanse was my first medication for my adhd and I HATED it. I also got high on it cus I was bored. I now do not take mars cause my mother doesn’t trust me to not get high or OD T^T
Amphetamine Salts 30mg 24 hour still isn’t strong enough sadly
This is maybe an unpopular opinion, but I believe in many cases, stopping your medication isn't so bad - it's just that it is *EXTREMELY* bad in some cases, and the general recommendation "never stop taking your meds without talking to your doctor first" is based around the idea that it's probably too complex to explain to patients under which circumstances quitting your medication is ok, and when it's bad but acceptable, and when it is absolutely a terrible idea.
besides the topic and all, I lol'd so hard on some of your scenes. Like the one at 1:31. The build up, timing and humor is so nice and keeps my brain focused on the topic.
"my general aversion to... meth"
The trumpets 😂😭
adhd feels like i have unskippable ads in real life.
i subscribed and you said to unsubscribe so i did just that
I got distracted by my own thoughts while watching this video.
It's kinda like when u have ur keys in your hand and your like "where are my keys?"
Bro I also have adhd
I have adhd and this is exactly what it’s like
I stoped the vid after he said "I had adhd because i had symptoms" .  Why ?  Because you need a specialist to determine that. Automedication is BAD. Do not encourage that or face the consequences... in europe you could go to jail for that. Look it up and look the WHY... plz.  If you have ADHD, look it up.
The abilety for being culm ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ i hAvE ADHD ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Vyvanse had to work a very spesific way for me. If I took too much at once i would just feel intense with little to no benefit and then I would crash.  My solution to this was to divide the dosage over the day. So 20mg in the morning. 20mg in the middle if the day. This gave me steady effect that helped me in more ways than just focus. It suddently became effectively an anti-depressant. This has permanently rewired my brain such that I can feel confident even when off my meds.
Why is it bad to just stop using meds when there bad
POLISH SONG POLAND MENTIONED 🔥🔥🔥
The ability to speak and understand  every language you want instantly
δεπυ διαταραχή ελλειμματικής προσοχής και υπερκινητικότητας
I have ADHD but I never took medication
I used to take meds, now I just stare off and subconsciously memorize things like test answers. Also if I find that I really need to focus it’s strange. If I can’t focus I try REALLY hard and eventually stare off again anyways, but if I get into a routine or it’s something that interests me in ANY way than I find that I focus much better.
I had a really rare side effect off of an ADHD medication and let me just say  I’m scarred for life and I don’t want to ever do that again  I don’t take ADHD medication anymore (I tried all the others that I could and they gave me side effects that weren’t worth the benefits as well) and I am back to operating off of sheer will which doesn’t work very well as far as the time it takes me to do things but whatever.
POLAND REFERENCE
For me it is like this: Ritalin helps me focus on the things i am doing and it works really well when I do the things I need to do. My main problem is that unless it is for work or something i am literally forced to do I just cant really sit down and do what I am supposed to be doing. That way I end up being super focused playing video games and not acting on my responsibilities regardless
I was on meds too and it just……slowed me down. Or sorta locked me in my own head hours and that made me super quiet and tense. Suppressed my appetite terribly and conserved so much of my energy I only slept for two or three hours per night for years. I went off it as an adult and pretty much when through a second puberty because I was finally eating and sleep enough.
Wait I always had adhd and you have a brain?
WHY IS TALKING ABOUT THE POLISH COW IN THE START?
I❤❤❤
4:00 i had the same thing with Vyvance
ADHD meds make me feel really happy in the morning, then really emotional.
5:50 It looks like ur flipping me off :(
so it takes total of 7:55 mins for me to finish my lunch!
ADHD enables you to feel a level of flow state inaccessible to neurotypical people but also enables you to feel a crash that no neurotypical person can relate to.
0:01 I watch this part like 1000000000 times
1:35 *realizing this happens to me too* also realizing I've been entertained from those noises and unnecessary thoughts.
I know what you need You need the stuff i am on I take methylphenidate for my adhd It does it's job well for me
I took adhd meds. Mult. Different ones throughout middle and high school. Stopped cold turkey on one cause they gave me bad depressive thoughts and I was going through shit at the time so yeah fuck that med.
amphetamines are bad mmkay.
The Polish cow, I'm cry-laughing 😂
I got diagnosed  wene I was 3 and ever sens  wene I was told to go to my room and grab something I ended up listening
I’m 9 (yes actually) and…I think I have adhd
I have ADHD
anyone know what that video at the beginning is?
I was going to do something, but I stopped and watched this video During the video I typed this comment
I’ve been taking adderall since I was in like 7th grade or so or something like that and it got to the point I’m js used to it yeah it helps sometimes I get locked in and do the thing I need to do but other times I’m js like no but I think my body is addicted to it cause when I stop taking it I tweak tf out like shaking can’t sleep energized but tired and hungry so fuckin hungry
with adhd work even if brain doesn't want it i just "motivate" with being fired if im not gonna do the task in 5min. Med free since 2013 now im 23 embracing chaos every day.
ADHT
Hey man, i recently started taking methylfenidate. It changed my life for the better and (for now) no noticable side effects. I measure my bloodpressure 4 times per day (excessive) and see no spikes. Of course it is dependent on the person, but might be worth looking into if you really seek “mellow”. Vyvanse is no less an amphetamine than adderal, by the way.
“who even made math” HONESTLY!!!!
00:01 poland mentioned
I need to Watch the Cow Video, please send me the Link.   Lvanse is good stuff
I have aacc + adhd and meds did worked, when i stared taking them I could literally focuse usually i got distracted in class by the cars on the street a noise or something, but now, I know the cars are there noise is there but I can focuse on the teacher If I want to. I can finally do what I'm supposed to. 🥹
Yeah... most "take it every day" meds should NEVER be stopped from one day to another. Missing out a day or three is one thing. And reducing your intake is also doable. But never, ever hard stop!
I'm a weird vase. I have no diagnosed adhd. But i also show many behaviors of having it. Best categorization my doctors came up so far is that i have borderline adhd.  Thing us, that cannot be medicated. I tried a few meds, but they had either no effect, or made doing *something* easier, but also made it very very hard to switch or end tasks. Which wmaffected sleep a lot. I couldnt start the task of sleeping while doing another task.  So i ended up with no meds.
7:39 SUCH GOOD ANIMATION ON THE PHONE
Adhd me wants to find the dancing cow video now
2:41 Brother I literally replayed this part because of how silly the animation is. Then I realized I wasn't paying attention to what you were saying, so I replayed it even further. And then I thought about how silly it was of me to not pay attention because of some silly animation... while the video kept playing... and guess what? I still wasn't paying attention. And the cycle repeated...
For 3 weeks now I´m trying to jsut measure tiles and place them on a wall. Oh and I have to cut them. So I do the wiring in my apartment, because it´s quicker to do. I really start to feel like such a loser.
Bit late to the party but why does the brain look sorta like Kirby
I wonder if he knew what the polish cow song was about...
I might have ad  A.K.A part adhd☺
honestly i think my adhd pills taste really bad
please make your videos unmedicated
NOOOOOOO, THE COW!! GIVE ME BACK MY COW
Is his ENTIRE channel sponsored by nord vpn?
Question: what’s 2+2 Brain be like: bananas of course
0:17 don’t disrespect polish cow like dat 😂
I had the same experience with Vivance. Gave me hyper focus to the max and made me feel Sick. Like SICK sick. Went to the doctor, the dose was too high! I was overdosing on it, but at the standard dose that is usually good for other people. Apparently this can happen sometimes, different brains need different dosages. Dialed back my dose until it was seriously tiny, so now we’re micro dosing i guess but it finally worked for me! I think this is a common problem people with ADHD have, finding not only the right medication but also the dose that works specifically for you can take time and be difficult. So some people prefer to just go without it.
This video is a masterpiece. I've shown it to so many people that now when they ask me why I did something the way I did I can just say "trumpets" and they get it. .
0:00-0:16 what is that meme
I’m pretty sure everyone in my whole house including me has ADHD as well so I’m with you on that one I check out with all the Symptoms
I am in love with this man
Bro is NORD VPN 😢
Im on  vyvanse :D
Meds can be good/bad.  There’s also combining meds.   Psych-approved combination cases of course.  I started on Adderall, great results, first time brain worked in 10+ years the way I wanted.  Less help creatively/focus like you said.  Concerta did nothing.  at all.  Vivance for me is just slightly weaker adderall overall. Considering asking about a combo from psych.  Havent had the bad physical effects.
I am eating ice cream while watching
What do you use to animate?
POLISH COW MENTIONED
Psychedelics are just an exceptional mental health breakthrough. It's quite fascinating how effective they are against depression and anxiety. Saved my life.
I’m currently taking a break from my meds and experimenting with a supplement regimen that’s supposed to help prevent the dopamine insensitivity that you get after taking the meds for a while. Trying meds again Monday, desperately hoping it’ll work again because I haven’t been able to focus even remotely reliably for months. (Adderall, for anyone wondering). It used to work great. I’ll ask my doctor about trying Vyvanse again if it doesn’t start working again. Living with the ADHD massively sucks 🫩
computer cow🐄🐄🐄💻🖥⌨
I use ritalin, seems similiar, except the focus thing.
don't forget to unsubscribe!!!
i want adderal now (and meth)
This is the funny video😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😢😢😢🎉🎉😢😢😢😢🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
i relate to that math example so much i had so many times in grade school were i didn't even know what 1+1 was for a hole half of a min
Ok but why does almost every YouTuber that animates have ADHD
Work < polish cow.  Family < polish cow. Robber < polish cow
Hello I am currently on 15 mg of rie-dal-lime
I forget every second
Uh actually Andy… my mom told me that in your story, it was anxiety, you must be taking too much, right?
Sounds like you should have mixed meth and meth lite together. What could possibly go wrong!    jokes. obviously.
About the “vyvanse is way better than adderall” point I got invested because I was worried about focus when getting back on Adderall. And then I almost immediately got lost in my own thoughts and had to go back to the “vyvanse is better than adderall” part” to try and focus on it again.
1:05, 1:50
I don’t understand how it’s possible to not have ADHD. Can people seriously focus naturally
In my county Concerta is usually the first prescribed drug and the one i think works best with focus. Its also combined with Buprion that just affects your noradrenalin which is very effective for being able to start tasks, and that one is not a narcotic so its a good option to take that one just on its own if yiu want to avoid the illicit substances
For me it was lsd that showed me insights about my symptoms i became super conscious of my own self that i was really pissed off with my own actions and thoughts. No matter how much i try to do things like studying or some daily tasks ive set up...i always end up doing something else or just chilling. Ive figured out for me i can do a task with full focus only and only it is a life or death thing and my brain knows it otherwise its so hardd to do.
I got diagnosed when I was 6 because I was distracted and it distracted everyone else in class. I was the weirdo. I took meds and I was fine until I got older, until I got into middle school. Not only did I lose my appetite, but the meds also made me depressed and they made me not feel like I was being myself, it made me very taciturn. (In middle school I was the quiet kid, no longer the weirdo.) So I had to make a choice, be myself and get bad grades, or get good grades but be gauche, un-myself, and have no appetite. And because I was a nerd, I chose good grades. (I say I'm a nerd, but I'm also super creative.) I hate the meds, but at least I was able to get the A+++  ... ADHD in hard
i have combined type adhd                     and autism
We just lowered the dose on my ADHD meds and it's not doing anything good but idk if it was helping before or if they were just creating psychological distress to treat it without a reason.
Did you know this music at the start off a video with dancing cow is about depresion
Kinda sounds like he was super close with the vyvance, but the dosage was just too high ngl
I love the fsct thst the brainrot song is Polish and I am from Poland snd i hsve ADHD which makes me aprecsite the fuck out of this video. Great job, Andy
When I was in high school they were throwing me on and off all different kinds of ADHD medications, all of which gave me severe side effects but one of which gave me permanent neurological tics. Kind of like very mild tourettes.
Dude you just need behavioral therapy in combination with your meds.  Some people got 'the plan' inside them and just need the meds to make it possible to realize it. Other people don't and that's okay. It's a new world with meds and it's completely legit to need some help navigating that.  You need to reflect on your behavioral patterns. Things that used to serve you, as distraction or that were soothing (like doomscrolling, youtube, food, drugs, whatever), quite possibly will not serve you in this 'new world'. More so they will hinder you.  Anyone whose spend some years on this earth living with (undiagnosed) ADHD has developed their own coping mechanisms. Of course we don't identify them as such, to us it's 'just how life is' and what we do to get through the day, what we do to survive. And that's kind of legit because what else are we supposed to do in that situation. Especially since 'that situation' isn't something that we are able to change (when undiagnosed we of course think it has to be possible to change that situation, to function normally, to 'just do it' and we must be just too stupid, too lazy, too unwillig.. but that's another story).  With meds we are given access to change our perceived destiny. The meds won't change it for us, but the meds give us the opportunity to put our hand on the wheel of our life. And you've got to take that opportunity for it to mean anything. Sounds cheesy but you gotta stop coping and surviving and allow yourself to start living. And of course that is a process and takes time and a lot of self reflection. Because there is fear, there is, founded by years of life experience, the believe that 'I can't trust myself' - 'no matter how much I want; I won't, I can't' and it is only human to seek safety in what we know when we feel unsafe. But with meds you've gotta give yourself the benefit of the doubt, you've gotta allow yourself to think 'but what if afterall now I CAN?' or if that seems to far fetched, atleast allow yourself to act and plan  accordingly.  Its not helpful to take your meds and then proceed to do like you've done for years. Don't take your meds and then put a screen in your face and get lost in there.  Take your meds and live! Do the things you've always wanted to be able to do, try those things again that before were too exhausting to sustain and be open to be surprised by yourself. Like I said, it's absolutely legit to not know where/how to start, how to set up your day to day for your success. But there is help for that.  One thing I can say for certain tho is that screens, the internet, social media, gaming, tv and all that is poison for your mind in that scenario. You can still watch your vids or shows or scroll through insta once the day is done, if you don't want to miss it completely.  I know this video is a few years old and you probably won't read my comment. I just know from personal experience what a tremendous gift those meds can be with the right strategy, and I would love love to share that gift with anyone who needs it.  If you do read my comment, feel free to reach out if you want!
Who is here in 2025
The polish cow is a thing we can all get behind, but when translated it goes from oh how funny to oh damn.
I take adderall
i have a friend with ADHD, he is almost always NEVER productive but will hyper-fixate on something for half a day if he likes it, so i figured out a way to get him to do stuff, i just assigned him the jobs that are related to stuff he likes, it actally works, the only problem is getting him to switch from one thing to another once he is finished with the task at hand
LASO I LOVE VIVANCE ITS SOOOO GOOD
This is the most relatble video i have ever watced, as i am a fello ADHDer
i havent taken meds for ages
I have ADHD and i take medication and this is exactly how it feels
UR BUT got me diy  4:41
omg I NEEEEEDDD that song!!! Where is it from? My adhd thanks you.
How do you survive life without medication :o?
The problem u had with vyvanse i had with ritilin
The dancing cow 😂
I am glad I overcame my ADHD both with medication and hard work. It's doable!
1:11 is litterally just an video of my brain this is so real
concerta and aderall worked greatly for me. however came the panic attacks and irregular heart rhythms with it so i had to get even more pills.
Bruh vyvanse is closer to meth than adderall. Adderall is an amphetamine salt mix where 2-4 mg of it does nothing, whereas vyvanse breaks down in your liver into pure Dextroamphetamine.
I have concerta 54mg and it work well
i cant be the only one mostly watching it at 2x speed lmfao
Like Half way through I stopped watching got distracted with a penny on my desk while thinking about why someone decided to milk a cow, and how they were gonna explain to everyone else that it tasted good
Pysch meds honestly scare me. I'm fortunate in needing anything but I suspect my oldest daughter will need help as she gets older. This video is very informative and at least gives me a baseline on ehat to expect.
Oh nooo... not that song... It will be playing all day in my head 😵‍💫
ADHD DOESNT LET YOU COMPLETE A THOUGHT  ╮(＾▽＾)╭
I have to take stuff for adhd and i also did the same thing.... I just stopped taking it.. When i did i got really dizzy and lightheaded and got to the point that i had to take it again but everyday. If i tryed to go more than 2 days without it.. I would just be bwehhhh.  Idk just my experience with it 😅😅
I turned into a stoner i get more focus n im more calmed
Love that cow
“ Don’t forget to unsubscribe “ 😂😂😂😂
Can confirm I clicked off this vid for 10 minutes at least 3 times throughout, then remembered I was supposed to be watching this video
As much as people have changed throughout the year i believe phones and the idea of instant gratification is a producer of mental health issues as ADHD
My understanding with adhd meds is that you can stop taking them anytime 🤷🏻‍♀️ they're not like antidepressants where you have to titrate down over time - in fact, it might be a good idea to skip your vyvanse on days off if you don't need to focus on anything important. At least, that's what my ex-bf's psych told him when he was on vyvanse. I'm not a doctor, so please do your due diligence!!  But yeah, he had the same issue - needed to be focused on the RIGHT THING when the meds kicked in, otherwise the day was shot, lol. I tried his vyvanse a few times 🤫 and it gave me heart palpitations lol
Poland mention
You have 80hd
Aderall worked well but I was more idk jittery and outgoing and talkative. Till I got used the it and I just felt numb. I switch to focalin and it's been a better calmer experience I can focus and get work done and it's all really left to me just breaking my old bad habits
I did not forget to unsubscribe. Wait…
meth is cooler tho
3:18 INFINITE KNOWLEDGE.
I need to remember not to try eating or drinking anything when I'm watching Ice Cream Sandwich videos.
Oh man, getting started on the taskbis the hardest part of ADHD, even with meds. I find it's a huge help to have an outside voice to keep me in check. I've even started arranging little "productivity playdates" with my other neurodivergent friend, where we just go to each other's house and work on a task we've been meaning to do but have been avoiding. We don't need to chat, or have an agenda, it's literally just sitting silently in a room together getting work done but sometimes asking along the way "Hey, you done with that thing yet?", just to keep each other accountable. It's AMAZING. 10/10, recommended
Vyvanse is “meth” too. It’s Lisdexamphetamine
alr unsubscribing
i cannot survive without my meds. it’s different for everyone i make very impulsive decisions that put me in very dangerous situations and i get very irritable so meds are required for me :)
I take elvance. I think it works but i still "just overlap with eachother". And i forget shit more often but that might not be the meds. But otherwise it work😁
3:54  skip the sponsor
You know one day i wanted to increase my phones performance and after a few hours i was sitting on my pc flashing a whole new fucking operating system on my phone that was supposed to increase my phones gaming performance and it worked too flawlessly. Wanna know the phone redmi 5a, search it up. Adhd is really something. Best thing is i was supposed to be studying
0:30 I may be hearing it wrong, but it sounded like you said "ADHT"
i take 54mg of methylphenidate hydrochloride once a day ._. (idk the commercial name and idk if i translated the drug correctly to english)
Your ad spots are the only ones I bother to sit and watch.
i feel you
I started with rittalin (I prob spelled that wrong) and it worked and still works pretty well for me
1:23
Smash
1:24 “is the heat death of the universe something i need to worry about” -sincerely the guy on the left
I have ADHD and I take pills every morning to help, but I feel like I’m starting to build up a tolerance against the pills.
1:08 - 1:36 Exactly the same happens to me very VERY often🤣
01:45- Hilarious shit
That might have been burnout 6:48
I don't know if I have ADHD I move a lot and I can't focus do i
i'm getting distracted while watching the video goddamit
6:54 I think it's because your body wasn't used to the strain your brain was on. It was trying hard to keep up, but wasn't getting enough nutrients to fill it. The mind and body are linked, but one's external (physical), and the other is internal (mental). They have to be in sync for everything to work. Basically...you may just be outta shape, and the medicine gave you too much energy for your brain only.
I think the solution to a malady of the mind is a melody. Mnemonic echoing sound, distorts the noise, and it gives your brain something interesting to focus on to puzzle and parse out, because music is numbers and binary and math. The foundation of creation meeting your mind i.e., imagination. Take your time. So long as it gets done EVENTUALLY, it's chill. You're fine. And everything is going to be okay. That's my two cents.
2:26 me to………lol
1:39 me to……………………
0:37  0:42 0:40 me to…………………
The trumpet 🎺 part is 100% accurate 😂😂😂😂
So I’m diagnosed ADHD and autistic. According to my doctor I have …”severe” adhd with abnormal reaction time… Not joking that’s what is on my documents after two full studies. My experience regarding meds for ADHD was terrible… I assume now it’s just a scam between doctors and insurance companies…. If I wasn’t insured, the meds would cost 500 dollars a month. However, if I had a coupon that was given specifically to my doctor from the company…… they would cost only 50…. However!!!! If you have insurance and are over the age of 18… your insurance company will block this and not allow you to purchase it… why? … I donno… but they did. Apparently, insurance companies can just prevent you from being medicated over the age of 18 for ADHD… it was a lot… I gave up. According to another doctor there are better ways to approach ADHD… Exercise and eating better help… getting lots of sleep… and creating small projects with easy goals. Also, and this is my case… Anything that makes other people sleepy for some reason acts like super caffeine for me…. So when I eat THC edibles with “sleep” labeled all over them, I become super hyper focused on tasks and can run forever. Like no joke, I have cleaned my entire house just taking an edible… I asked my doctor why and he said people with autism and or ADHD often have opposite effects from stimuli… and he also explained that ADHD meds are basically no different… it’s just a stimuli for ADHD people…
I watched this over a year ago when I was looking for support in getting a diagnosis, and it's been about 10 months since starting meds!  Andy's 100% right in things are different for everyone. Adderall helps me lock in pretty well overall (have to take an anti anxiety occasionally when my internal self starts screaming, y'know, normal anxiety things). But I also tried Vyvanse and it helps me as a mood stabilizer. It sometimes gets prescribed as an antidepressant, so it helps on those really bad days when the mental health soup is crap. But it's a lot of peace knowing that I'm not a different person, I just also get to have the "ability" now too!
I'm not sure if i have ADHD but I have all the symptoms except for opening 30+tabs. Buttttt the thing is like i watch anime, right? there will be another tab with yt open in it. The example u gave was pretty accurate like adding "2+2" but the thing that happens to me most of the times is that my brain runs multiple thoughts at a time, mind calculation has been super difficult these days. I think I should consult a doctor....
I have ADHD and like, I reaaaaally didn’t want meds, and even if it seemed like it was the only way before, now it’s alright!
i have on multiple occasions forgot my friends name not we have been friends for 8 years  and go to the same school
I had Dexedrine.
The ADHD meds I take I tend to joke with people and say I take meth but the full name of it is methylphenidate 4:59
That face he makes at 01:35 made me crack up!
Who’s here in 2025?
I like your sponsorships I always watch them😁
That "Adderall is basically meth" thing goes around, but it's not. It's not that. (Desoxyn is that.) Amphetamine and dextroamphetamine are amphetamines, but they are not n-methylamphetamine. Psychoactive drugs can be drastically altered by small changes. Serotonin and melatonin are both tryptamines and remarkably close structurally, but of course they serve very distinct functions in the brain.  So if anyone reading this is working with a psychiatrist to find a medication, don't rule out Adderall just for being meth. Because it's not. Work with your doctor, and I wish you the best luck in finding a medication and dosage that meets your needs.
How dare you flip us off at 5:50 xD
Polish cow
That cow is part of the adhd noise in my brain since I first watched this vidm
On your music that makes you loose control short it said it’s not available in your country and I live in USA
So Jaiden was also diagnosed, and both this video and hers, made me really sit back and go: You're telling me...There isnt supposed to be voices in your head 24/7 that sometimes makes it hard as hell to sleep? You're supposed to be able to actually focus, and retain information, or maybe You're not actually lazy and it's just a severe chemical imbalance?  ....Guys I think I have ADHD
POLAND MENTIONED
I was diagnosed with ADHD back when I was 7 or 8, I still have it today and when I forget my meds before I go to work, and if I'm working with one specific coworker who might be autistic, nothing gets done and somehow neither of us are fired for half of the mischief we get into. I swear where I live is such a sleepy town, most customers appreciate the fun and chaos as the autistic and ADHD employees zoom around the store like dogs on coke
Dude, i study to be a doctor and also struggle with ADHD and i researched the topic: the most productive thing for an ADHD brain to do is... Find a coping strategy (prob with your psychotherapist) bc in time ADHD can become managable if you have coping mechanisms. Also there is a thing called neuroplasticity. So do your research (and trust only credible sources, not me, I haven't even finished my uni, I'm only 3rd year med student)
I also have the "not able to focus" thing, like if i want to watch break i bad, i go like, "this kinda boring", and go watch youtube for the rest of the day
Best vid ever
My adhd, combined with whatever other stuff i have results in one of two outcomes:  i am hyperfocased on onething and think of nothing else, or i cant maintain a thought for 12 seconds.  Even when i focus on one things, if a fly is in my room, uhhhhhh, what was i saying?  OH!  FOOD NOM NOM.
I got my ADHD Diagnosis a couple weeks ago and my dr prescribed me Vyvanse. I took it for the first time today and it was pretty mind blowing. I started tasks, finished them and only then went to the next one! And it feels like someone reduced the youtube volume in my brain
I laughed way harder than necessary at dopamine all shriveled up in a corner
I have ADHD
I've recently been diagnosed with combined type ADHD at 32 years old and recommended low dose Ritalin. Haven't started yet as I needed to get some baseline tests done first to make sure my body can handle it, but god am I looking forward to the ability to DO. THE. THING.
i got proton von because i’m broke 💔
Try out “Done!” Done is a ADHD Program For ADHD victims. TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR ABOUT DONE TODAY-
0:15 Why Did you add a Song About Coc**ne, M*th, Crystal M*th, Dr*gs, and Depression in Polish
Adderall giving me the ability to just “do” is why I stuck with it. For the first time it didn’t take me days to just clean my house. I was able to get it done in one day. I was able to get off work and have the mental energy to speak to people, or wash clothes, or wash dishes. Without it I have to choose what to spend energy on and it’s always been school or work. I can’t 100% focus on work while distracted even with adderall but that’s why I still use noise canceling AirPods and have accommodations to work in a closed door office. But it has helped me so much to power through things I usually would give up not even midway through.
Sounds like your dose was too high.
Oh god - I LOVE YOUR ANIMATIONS 😭💗 10/10 MY TYPE, MY HUMOR (audhd fellow girl here)
He ain't wrong about not stopping the meds without tapering off, I exchanged some of the worst depression of my life after a vyvanse shortage. It took me months to bounce back.
Suprised he was so calm
The first time I took my meds I was just so amazed that... there was only one "voice" in my head
I hear ya. I manage without meds. Thank you for a great video on the subject.  You always make me laugh. This video made me laugh even harder!
Polish cow 🐄🐄🇵🇱🇵🇱
1:25 water is wet, cat,Akechi likes pancakes and 2+2 equals go to bed
adderal helps me focus mentally tbh for me it helps. It turns the thoughts down A LOT. Its too expensive now tho
i have been meaning to watch this video for like a year and only now i finally am
JUSTICE FOR COMPY
me=adhd
I don’t have ADHD. But I do have trouble concentrating and I have been using Ritalin and it  has been really good. I take only 2.5mg per day which is very low and even this tiny dose helps me get things done.
I don’t have ADHD. But I do have trouble concentrating and I have been using Ritalin and it  has been really good. I take only 2.5mg per day which is very low and even this tiny dose helps me get things done.
If it’s not working anymore, I know doctor so ask your doctor before you do this, but I say try to increase the doses in my guy in a little immunity to it now if you’ve been taking for a while again this is just my experience
After five years, my stuff affecting me as she may be more I kinda lost track. I’ve been on it for most of my life so my has lost fact I probably should go on a higher toast. I’m on 30th right now but I don’t know why people keep saying it works instantly it doesn’t. It takes a while or just doesn’t work at all and sorry if my typing seems very sloppy I’m dyslexic so yay so yeah I’m taking the one that you’re supposed to take every day not the one that works instantly, and sometimes it does give her thoughts. It doesn’t care of all of them.
I love how this person uses nordVPN on every video as the sponsor, it never gets old…I love ot
I’m medicated with ADHD too, I have a similar experience, however, I have autism and it really combatted with my ADHD
Wait….. but i have these symptoms like you without pills……. Wait, how do I get a test whether I have ADHD or not?
I don't think ADHD people are not productive (Having diagnosed ADHD myself). Productivity equals products built/projects done/whatever per time unit. However, this also means that in time units, we are not active, that we are not producing anything. So in absolute terms, you are right about it. However, in terms of time units we actually do work, we are far more productive because we simply don't have this kind of attention span normal people have. So in order for us to fullfil a job, we have to be automatically *more* productive to keep up our work even though we work only for a fragment of time for real than other people do. Of course, this doesn't apply to everyone, but it is something I and others who have the same condition have experienced.
Yeah I tried to explain to my family multiple times that this condition has worsened as I've gotten older. And that a lot of my frustration comes from people inattentiveness to detail but that stems largely from the fact I CAN'T STOP SEEING AND HEAR EVERYTHING ALL THE TIME and my brain every now and then goes "Shut your eyes and breathe for ten minutes so I can catch the fuck up!" and I just kinda lock up or I get so overloaded with 50 different pieces of information but only about 2% of the information for every piece and as the next thing comes in I'm trying to figure out which progress bar it applies to and while I'm doing that next piece comes in and the next and it piles up and basically overloads my mental buffer.  Also to make a list and then be ready for me to confirm it slowly because if you say "Go get me some milk thistle" my brain goes immediately "Do you want the raw herb? Where do I get it if you do want the raw herb? Does this come in pill form? Where is it in pill form? Can I go to any pharmacy or do I go to a fancy supplement store? Whats an acceptable price for it and whats too much? Whats the level of importance on this if I don't find it at the first place do you need it direly or do I just come home?" and while all that shit and more goes throuygh my brain they're trying to tell me the next 4-5 things on the list and I'm like "WAIT I haven't even finished processing MILK THISTLE yet I have a lot of questions!"  It sucks the meds are so expensive, since I changed locations and jobs to one that SAID they had benefits but then were like "yeah it's just $600/month out of your pocket for the insurance "we provide"".. dirtbags.. anyway I can't afford them anymore so I just deal with it but it makes me seem like a very irritable person when it's really that my brain is just running like a cpu racing at 95% and any new thing could tip me over the line into freeze-up mode.
Have adhd as well. Had some meds but hatet them. I dont take any of them anymore and im happier than when i used them.
Had lots of people saying I had ADHD tried to believe it but imposter syndrome forced me to believe it’s just autism and anxiety mimicking ADHD. Tried some meds and the silence :o I didn’t even know how loud my brain was but it made me calm lol, crash was terrible though now I realise it’s not normal to be agitated stressed and bored 24/7.
I found out I had ADHD a while back, and Andy's vids about it actually helped me have suspicion I had it. Thanks, Andy!
im taking medikinet and it works for ME (for me not for you bro)
POLISH COW GOES HARD
What I’m supposed to be doing: homework. What I do instead: create artificial brain with 2800 simulated brain cells using a programming language meant to teach the basics of programming to toddlers
https://youtu.be/KIoyt_hf4Wk?si=UQEsCq24JbiGfy5V
The way I could follow the 5 distinct voices in your head as each thought barreled on top of the other seems to be indicative of just how common this line of thinking is in us ADHD folk and how well this video captures it!
I  also  ADHD and i am 10 and if i don't take my pills i go crazy.
So whats the conclusion?
I have ADHD and had it more than I can count
try placebo.
Oh my god. I've been wondering why I seem to only be able to ALWAYS do housework and the repair jobs and rearrange and declutter but not do my uni work 😧 YOUVE EXPLAINED! Something I've been struggling to verbalise for a year! 4:26
I have Autism its the exact opposite when asked a question like 2+2 i focus on the question and only that one for hours I'm not joking, I do forget easily as well, like i do a simple task like turn off my ac and a few hours later I realize I didn't turn it off, just thot I did, it was like a fake reality.
0:00  I have been looking for this song,what is it?
Can anyone give me the link of the cow dancing video? I just love the song 😅   EDIT: I found it, it's "Polish Dancing Cow"   (https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA?si=_L5QKbG2H5Y1TapE)
Hey, I am diagnosed with 39 and tried medication. It helped me to get less irritable with my kids and calmer inside. But somehow I avoid taking them regularly... I feel higher pressure mainly in eyes and throat... It's just a bit but considering all the listed side effects of this medication I prefer taking it only when I know I have a whole day alone with the kids. Then it also helped me to have more motivation for the household tasks which I really don't like to do. But as is said in the video, it doesn't help me prioritizing.
Someone random: hello my name is Abby what is your name? Me: 💬💬💬💬💬💬💬💬💬💬 oh hey do you play Roblox? Cause I do Abby: ... What no?
I take Adderall:3 I think idk
dancing cow……
oh shit its actually just that simple huh. thank you for laying out how my task paralysis works
I take focalyne/dexmethylphenidate and guanfacine
ok so its 2 years later but if you see thins YOU NEED TO TRY RITALIN, ITS SAVED MY BAD GRADES, my whole life i though i was dumb or smth but then i got diagnosed woth a whole host of mental disabilities, ADHD, dyslexia, dysgraphia, im even on the autism spectrum, but when i watchd this vidio when it came out 2 years ago i decided to do my own research, and RTALIN IS THE GOAT, its like the adrals ability to do things but on a slighty lower scale, AND vivances focas, however i can switch tasks super easy and its been a life saver. ive gone from almost failing highchool to honor roll and all i cant stess it enough it. is. amazing.
do we get a lot of lunch detention
i think i take the same medicince my mom sometimes forget and then she like he didn'tm take his meds
i always used cosirta
Also melatonin works. It’s what I use. If you take it an hour before bed it helps you sleep. It does need time to work, the effects only start to really kick in after a week of usage but it’s worth it
The downside to vyvance however is it obliterates your appetite
I personally use 40 ml of vyvanse, I used ritilin but it sucked
JUSTICE FOR COMPY!
Try Medikinet (Methylphenidat).  Btw: The medication helps you to focus, but YOU decide what to focus on. You actually have to force yourself a bit to switch the focus to a useful task, but you will get used to that.  I‘m talking out of experience. Bless you my adhd-buddy. ❤
1:49 my favorite part
do y'all know what Biały węgorz, known as "polish cow" is really about? its about a guy who is addicted to c0ke and wants to unalive himself PS: i also have ADHD, thats really cool(relatable) video
6:09 I suspect I have a touch of the 'tism and your graph looks like my normal everyday experience.
0:46 “drug.”
0:04 before we start I want to say *polish cow music*
I have ADHD too
I can NEVER EVER GO TO SLEEP
I love this video and every other video about adhd ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
farty farty farty hahahaha
I have all the symptoms u said.
2:03 hearing "concerta" in that tone made me happy because like concerta was the WORST (and only) adhd med i took and holy hell did it ruin me, i actually got worse and was easily drained from conversations ... it was terrible. seriously. somehow, when i stopped taking it, i felt, better .. soo much better and i mean that  now, while i can't really focus either way, it's nice to know that i no longer feel absolutely terrible because i feel like my mental health matters :)
I like the music in the beginning, what song Is it?
i think you dont relies that the polish cow meme is when its about drugs and suicide.
Oh, I've had experiences with ADHD meds... One was a diet pill (which also was a treatment for ADHD). Lost a year of growth and permanently slowed my metabolism for just less energy. Yeah. Not impressed. I am not not medicated, and I will not use meds for ADHD anymore.  Though, to be fair, I learned coping skills to help counter the ADHD. Still have bad days, but I'm not too bad most times.
GIMME BACK THE COW VIDEO!!!! 😂
I got treatend with Ritalin. It started with 20 mg and got quickly pushed to 70mg per day and thats a LOT for an adult and even more for a freaking kid like me. I took that for about 7 or 8 years until someday my therapist brought up the idea to stop the medicaion. Reason for that is that I just cant not talk to others. I can talk yes, but Im so trash at it, that I just stay silent. As time showed the meds have been one reason for that. They did gave me some kind of focus (I honestly didnt really noticed a diffrence, but my mom said there is), but they lowerd my social skills even more. Oh yea and the other reason Im wierd: Im autistic with ADHD.
Well he told us too… *click*
Hi  01:00 Have you considered that you could be plural (I.e. multiple)?
sounds like the meds had you geeked bro
i need adderall fr... my adhd paralysis is going crazy. i can't do literally anything besides rotting in bed. i don't care about focus, just need to get up 😭
Why do all of the animators have ADHD?
Gained the ability to LOCK IN
4:24 he sounds like Kirby inhaling 😂
Okay so my brother and my dad have ADHD, and I'm pretty sure I have some symptoms of it. I don't think it's full-blown ADHD, but these are the symptoms I have, if anyone could alert me to whether I actually have it or not. - I often get distracted on my way to tasks, for example, I'll be cleaning my desk and then see that my nightstand is really dirty, so the next thing I know i'm cleaning my nightstand instead. This happens for big and small tasks. - I have a big problem with procrastination, and almost never get things done before the deadline. I find myself watching youtube all day instead of schoolwork (I'm doing online homeschool) - I don't have an inner monologue a lot, but when I do it is all over the place, and whenever I pray I have to refocus on my prayer around 5 times every time, because I start thinking about other things - I always have to be moving, and if i'm not fidgeting I am WAY more distractable, my thoughts trailing away unless i'm bouncing my leg, or toying with something with my fingers. These are the things i've noticed, although i've always been fine in school, getting good enough grades. Anyone got any ideas?
guh
Oh sh*t. I’m barely 1/3 in and I’m already sweating cuz that’s me too… The one in charge for me though is STRESS, I can only work properly when it’s last minute. Else I can’t even think straight.
You what's even more chaotic than living with ADD/ADHD? Having an _entire family_ that are all untreated ADD/ADHD 😄 My poor NT mother would just sit stunned at the dinner table while my dad, my two older brothers, and I all bounced from one topic to another, oftentimes mid-sentence, and somehow we'd all follow along and enable each other's distractions etc. It was _chaos_ and it was _awesome_ 😂
3:55 is when the sponsor ends
Haha, so good, that's exactly why I stopped taking "proper" ADHD meds and switched to Cannabis. That at least makes me forget how much of an idiot I feel like with all these symptoms.
I use Ritalin 2:06
Ritalin works really well for me, personally.
Please stop calling Adderall Meth. Water is not Hydrochloric Acid, and Adderall is not Meth. Thank you.
His explanation of ADHD being what if we see what a different trumpets sound like playing at the same time sounds pretty accurate but with me it's pretty much just a constant radio playing any song that I like a lot. And also sometimes thoughts literally have to wait in line for me, it's weird
For some reason I usually have no thoughts in my head, would it still be possible to have ADHD?
I have adhd and I take Methylphenidate pills
try THC
I have pretty mellow ADHD, but even if they advised pills, I refuse them... makes me feel like I need to fix something that isn't broken in my opinion.
The cow at the beginning was the best part, play more of ot
TBH there is a whole family for people like this! Autisme, adhd, and above average intelligence all fall under the same symptom, which is just a little fact but it’s helpful to people who think they have adhd, medicated but nothing happened
1:35 sounds exactly like I thought it would, like the sonic unleashed E rank music.  Also, as someone on Vyvanse, and someone who's allergic to almost EVERY ADHD MEDICATION ON EARTH! I like it, it's not killing me. I had completely forgotten how to focus, because when I did have the ability to focus, I was sick and in the hospital because of it. So Vyvanse has been a life saver. I'm going to ask to be put on a higher dose, as I'm still struggling to have ALL of my focus, but that may be the autism.   Reason why Vyvanse works for me, is it's supposedly made by different chemicals and stuff then the other stuff.
try atent. trust me it will change your life
I think, for me at least, its possible to build up resistance to ADHD drugs
3:06  is personal
Ritalin is the only one legal in Italy, and I guess now I know the reason 🥲
fun fact: the song in the beggining was a polish song about drugs. (im polish myself)
i love your video. just subscribed :)
2:56 yo calm down
i im diagnosed with adhd to and this was CRAZY relatable
My adhd meds are medicinate 20 grams
I think a huge part of ADHD management/treatment is routine WITH SOME FLEXIBILITY. Keyword: SOME. trying to get too locked in to a rigid routine without breathing room is too constricting, even when medicated, and it can cause me to go off the rails. like "this is miserable, might as well have fun while being miserable instead". but having a guideline of how my day should go with like. planned pockets of free time. helps my brain a lot. planned unproductivity if you will? definitely seems to help. and trying to intersperse physical activities with mental ones helps me focus and prevent mental fatigue
This video is so relatable
Same
chuckled at the dopamine representation
as somebody that has adhd (pretty severely mght i add) i have used one med over the last few years. Dexmethylfenidate is great you should try it. (it brought my grades from no higher than d's to straight a's pretty epic)
I come here for the fun stories and stay for the hilarious new ways to animate sponsorships, you are one of like... three maybe that I'm not upset when sponsors come up
I have adhd and right know instead of washing dishes im watching this video while eating a bag of chips
ADHD really gives me depression, and no one around me even know wtf even is it, so I'm just living with it.
i just recently got diagnosed, this was so interesting!
I started on adderall and when the shortage hit i switched
0:06 Fun fact you can get demonitized for that song if it's translated
When can I meet jetsam?
My name actually is Pizza!
Why does this video give me the sudden urge to take dru-
put in 0.25x speed
6:29 this is what drinking too much caffeine is like for me
3:56 end sponsorship.
can i get a link to that dancing cow video
Polish Cow Lyrics The only thing in my head Is five grams of coke, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in  The only thing in my head Is five grams of coke, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in   Here ya go
should try rilatine its an honest sollution
1 55
I got diagnosed with adhd earlier this year and I take vivance witch helps me out a lot
your sponsors are the only ones i sit through
id recommend focalyn
Please!…what is the cow song in the beginning?
Wellbutrin (Bupropion XL) is the way my ADHD bruddas
This is so accurate lol! Does your brain ever replay things you've seen or heard randomly...or is it just me? Personally, I imagine my brain as a big dome filled with TVs and speakers that do this non-stop. Meanwhile, there is a tiny person on my shoulder screaming at me to pay attention. And when I'm medicated, it's like I have very crappy earmuffs on. :)
@2:24 distraction-> time blindness wich results in going off the rails completly. @3:59 ha, basically tweaking, not bad but not usefull enough
I know that for me at least, Concerta was the med that worked for me. Just enough focus and productivity. But I decided to stop taking it because it made me like a zombie more or less
the homestar runner is strong here
I have ASD .
The trumpets, my God! 😂
This sounds disgusting but it stimulates my innatentive and hyperactivity ADHD brain I chew on a metal spoon sometimes and it stops my thoughts because what happens is the little guys in my brain also chew on the spoon and helps the overlapping thoughts stop if you want to call me disgusting go ahead but Im not taking meds also did you know Elon musk Donald Trump and the two creators of apple had ADHD Elon musk the smartest man in the world has ADHD
for me, my adhd is a guessing game with the medication, somedays ill get too into one task and all the sounds around me every paper moved people tapping their fingers pencils breaking become too much and i just break down getting unable to speak sometimes, then other days im able to do my work without a problem,im telling myself its just the medication... i hope, because my dumbass friends think im autistic i dont think i am but they arent letting that go, but im pretty sure its just my medication that makes me act weird.
I’ve been taking meds for year now, and every one reacts differently to medication. I’ve been using concerta for years, and I’ve reached the conclusion that this pill makes it so I feel like I had a good long night of sleep! I still have a hard time starting important task ( although it’s worst when off the meds) but at least I can be sure of fulfilling my work once I start it! There is really a lot of meds out there, and there is one I used to take that only lasts 4 hours, instead of 12! It’s really helpful in many ways, but I personally kept taking my concerta because I need to be functional throughout the day..
What's REALLY fun is ADHD ANNND Autism. THAT is where the fun begins.
Hey,  fellow ADHD Patient here,  For people that dont have success by taking Stimulants, there are other non stimulant, no addictive, cheaper, medications like Atomoxetin.   I had very similar Problems that you are describing and the alternatives helped me out a LOT. Try searching for Strattera. ❤
The first story doesn't surprise me, I haven't met a single soul with ADHD that didn't end up hating Adderall. I'm pro whatever you wanna do to help you in your day to day, medication or not, but for that one specific kind I am simply the #1 hater of
I can relate to this symptom most of the time when I try to sleep at night one good memory overlaps with another bad memory and I start thinking about that and not sleeping and I try to shift the topic but it usually doesn’t work or I just have to think about alcohol markers for some reason… if that fails, nothing else helps me 1:02 which leads to me not sleeping… and keeping thinking and thinking and thinking… and not being able to sleep for like an hour…
7:54 hi Matt!
I’m pretty sure I have ADHD and it just makes me a little silly goose in class and everywhere else so when I’m older, I’m probably not gonna get it cured cause I’d like to be a silly goose
i swear all the animators on youtube have ADHD is it just me or am i true?
i was vibing till bro broke the laptop smh
I had to take vibrancy and I had suicidal thoughts and extreme headaches
My ADHD wasn't diagnosed as severe enough to warrant meds. Kind of glad for that, after watching this and reading other people's stories. Gotta just keep figuring out systems to try and keep life somewhat on track lol.
guys, if you experience any really bad, major side effects, please stop taking the meds. that's not a problem with adhd meds, as every doctor will tell you. you can take them one day and not take them the other. you will be advised to take them every day at first so your body can get used to it but nothing's gonna happen if you just stop taking them.
POV: NORDVPN actually did work on ur butt  Cases of... rap with e: 0   THIS IS THE SOLUTION 🤯
when I took meds I started grttig really REALLY angry. so we took me off of it and now im fine but i still got the aghd sideffects
I love your ads for Nord, I use it myself
I am plateaued on a generic. And dealing with a lot of other people coming after me at once.
That moment when you want to know what that cow song is to put it on repeat to quiet an unmedicated brain
I have ADHD, and OCD and the two mix horribly together lol
Quick question but why is his name ice cream sandwich but in his profile he’s eating a pizza 😮
One painter stopped taking his meds he drew a picture of himself when he forgot himself his final one was just 3(or 4) colors he killed him self shortly after I think so what ever you do TAKE YOU MEDS
Meds made me suicidal
I was prescribed Vyvanse and starting on day two, I had horrible panic attacks every at about 5:30 PM or so, thinking I was dying for an hour at a time. I continued taking the drug because I was desperate for it to work, too. Then my psychiatrist died and I was basically unsupervised. Never fully recovered from that. Now I'm diagnosed not just with ADHD like I was for so long but also with OCD, autism, panic disorder, general anxiety, et cetera. Guess my problems are kinda complicated. I've spent a long time now as an interesting case study and I sure am tired of it lol.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkR6b-zz-Rs
Since I started micro dosing for my adhd , I no longer feel the need to take antidepressants. I feel unburdened and creative now. It brought profound healing in my life.
Got into a medication study for ADHD medication and fucking hell, it worked like a drug, but had side effects like a drug, because it was a fucking drug. Just for context, he got 5mg, I was on 80mg. And fucking hell, you could not sleep and you could not eat. But hay, you could concentrate!   So I feel for you, did not take meds after turning 14-15, so over 10 years ago. Some days I would like to use it, most days I'm glad I do not use it anymore.  Stay safe guys.
THE SONG IS FRO [POLAND AND IT'S ABOUT TAKING DRUGS
Got distracted halfway through the video and had to pause. Came back 3 hours later
班代表： ADHD與藥物治療的掙扎：我的個人經歷與反思 在這段關於ADHD（注意力不足過動症）藥物治療的分享中，講者描述了自己從開始使用藥物治療的正面經歷，到逐漸感受到其副作用與不足，最終停藥的過程。這是一個反映了藥物治療如何影響個體生活的真實故事，也提醒了我們在治療過程中保持清醒與理性的重要性。  ADHD藥物治療的初期效果 起初，講者因為常常無法集中注意力，容易被周遭事物分心，甚至無法完成基本的任務，因此決定嘗試使用Aderall，這是一種常見的ADHD藥物。剛開始使用這些藥物時，他感受到了顯著的改善。他能夠有序地完成日常任務，並不再被無關的事情所困擾。這種藥物讓他感覺到生活中的混亂得到了控制，並能更高效地處理工作與生活中的瑣事。  問題的浮現：藥物未必能解決核心問題 然而，當使用Aderall一段時間後，講者開始發現藥物的效果並不如他所期待的那樣長久。雖然他能夠完成一些需要動手的工作，如打掃與整理，但當需要坐下來思考、進行複雜任務時，藥物似乎無法幫助他維持專注力。此時，他發現自己所面臨的問題並不僅僅是無法完成工作，而是缺乏持久的集中力，這才是ADHD最根本的症狀。  藥物轉換：尋求更適合的解決方案 在經歷了Aderall的短期效益與隨後的瓶頸後，講者決定尋求其他藥物。這時，他的朋友建議他嘗試Viance，這是一款作用較為緩慢的藥物，能夠在更長時間內幫助提升專注力。起初，講者對Viance的效果感到興奮，因為它確實讓他有了極高的集中力，並且在某些情況下，這種集中甚至讓他專注於非必要的事情，例如觀看太空探索的紀錄片，並深入了解相關科學知識。 然而，這種過度專注的現象也帶來了問題：他雖然能夠在短時間內完成一些細節，但卻無法將注意力集中於他實際需要完成的任務，這使得整個治療過程變成了一場賭博。有時，他會極為高效，但有時又會陷入與目標無關的活動中，浪費整整一天。  副作用與停藥：藥物的兩面性 隨著時間的推移，講者開始感受到Viance藥物的副作用。他開始出現呼吸困難、頭痛、失眠等症狀。儘管他曾試圖忽略這些不適，但當症狀加劇時，他終於決定停藥。在這一過程中，講者表達了對藥物治療效果的矛盾心情，並強調了與醫療專業人員溝通的重要性。他的經歷提醒我們，無論藥物對ADHD的治療效果如何，都應該隨時關注副作用，並及時與醫生討論可能的調整。  結語：藥物治療並非萬能 最終，講者的經歷讓我們反思ADHD藥物治療的兩面性。雖然藥物可以短期內幫助提升專注力和生產力，但它們並不是解決所有問題的萬能藥。對於許多人來說，治療過程可能充滿了探索和調整，並且需要與專業人士持續溝通。講者的故事提醒我們，面對藥物治療時，我們不應該僅僅集中於藥物的效果，而應該關注整體的健康狀況，並適時調整治療方案。最重要的是，無論是藥物還是其他治療方式，都應該因人而異，且永遠保持對身體反應的敏感和理性。 ADHD的藥物治療不僅是對症狀的暫時緩解，還是一次自我探索的過程。我們每個人都需要找到最適合自己的方式，才能在生活中找到平衡。
My brain is a Minecraft Sign when it got added as an entity
bring back the cow.
I have ADHD, and I learned to just cope with it. Its very hard, but you can manage. I'm also Polish
Thanks for reminding me to take my meds. I have ADHD type inattentive as well, I was diagnosed when it was still called ADD, and I take adderall for it. Personally I think it works well besides the irritation I feel when I don't take it, but it helps me get stuff done and I don't get shaky like when I took Vyvanse. Gonna go take it now and work on cleaning my room like I said I would do for 3 months now.
literally a day in my life
what is the polish song at the start called?
6:15 I feel like you could do whatever you want but set a timer like 2 hours after you take the meds and name it whatever you wanted to do and maybe like make a schedule outta dat so when the timer goes off you get really focused on that?
6:43 idk sounds kinda like anxiety to me
5:50 what the
Brooooo... this video is gold xD I am laughing my ass off.. even that i have adhd too and its suffering, but this video mate.. xD Amazing
"drug"
Found it xD
Where can I listen to taht cow song?
Favorite intro btw
when you talked about how adderall makes you feel like you're consuming 50 different media at once instead of being able to focus on one tangible thing.... like dang maybe i need to talk to my psych
4:23 fffffFFFFFFFFFFFFFFocus.
you need also learning habits, routines, and learning, to help with adhd
out of all the medications, if an ADHD medication works, it works well, and they generally have barely any side effects. But it should still be used under supervision, and take breaks from it, since using it all the time can cause a bit of tolerance.  There are many different forms of all the medications, such as slow release, instant, or whatever.
I have AdHD and i Not use Mediation since it Made me really sick when i took it in school. But  thank god thats Just my experience and other Guys Like you found Mediation as helpfull❤
Justice for compy
I just realized I got distracted instead of doing my homework 👁️👄👁️
Tylko jedno w głowie mam... 👁     👄        👁
POLAND MENTIONED
1 minute in clicked off to watch the dancing cow
0:28 “stinky inky bad” 😂
I know this video is old, but what really helps me is regular mindfullness(focus) meditation. It leads to focus sort of like what your second med you describe, but still keeps you very flexible.
1:58 Yah, us people with ADD, or ADHD as they call it these days, can't function without dopamine 🤣
you are the ABSOLUTE best youtuber! NEVER and i mean NEVER give up. also can i get a shoutout?
I HAVE HDHD..
It sounds like my expierience with Meds from 7y till 20y
Damn... I would also do the same with just wanting to watch Russian cow
seeing polish cow everywhere as a polish person is so, so uncanny
hi ! u wont see this but here is an incoherent rant about how i had to change my meds bc of the fda  i was on focalin but it got restricted so none of the pharmacy in my country would have any left after a few months. i even had to have my sister in college call all the pharmacy in her area(six hours away from me) to see if they had any left, they didn’t. so i had to switch meds and now i can’t eat lunch bc they dissipate my appetite 😭 ALSO I TAKE VIVANCE THATS THE MED I SWITCHED TO
7:20 It's actually ok if you decide to go cold turkey and stop taking vyvanse if you're done with it. I think he's saying to never do this because I know that with most other ADHD meds, you would have to be weened off the medication slowly so that you won't go through violent withdrawals, but the unique thing about vyvanse is that you don't have to take it every day and only need to take it as needed. For me, I would take vyvanse basically every day for school, but when summer time comes around and finals are over, I go cold turkey and chill and just save my meds for whenever I need to do work.
0:24 the funny thing is I just learned what deter means in school yesterday
7:14 when the meds are really bad you need to stop, they aren't supposed to do that and if you cant see your doctor, not taking these specific meds will do less harm than doing.
bro I was watching this video and blowing my nose for like 3 minutes and remembered I was taking my allergy medicine 😭
On Vyvanse now, my interests have changed and I get into rambling internet arguments a lot more than before, so I think I'll talk to my doctor about going back to generic Focalin (Dexmethylphenidate). I'm not sure if it's the Vyvanse's fault, or the fact that every pill I've taken has been non-extended-release, yet the Vyvanse only comes in extended release form, therefore for a 12 hour pill I'm getting a thinner dose than a smaller amount of the immediate-release pill that only lasts about 4 hours?  I dunno, but the Focalin worked for about 10 years until I upped my dosage and ended up coughing every night to the point I couldn't sleep (dehydration affecting the back of my throat or something? I dunno). Anyway, I moved onto Adderall XR, and I actually have no clue why I switched after that as I have no memory of it, then Vyvanse, which works a bit, but I'm on 40 mg, take 4-6 hours to 'wake up' and stop being lethargic, then argue on the internet pointlessly and MAYBE get some work done starting around 11pm.  The Focalin just seems like a warm jacket in comparison, but with a bit of flexibility with dosage and timing; guess I'll see if it works.
I take concerta for my ADHD a d it works pretty well. Andy you should try Concerta.
I just moved from australia back to new zealand this year and there is a massive stigmatism when it comes to stimulant based drugs. I used to work manual labour but I am trying to go into psychology.   Vyvanse is what I am used to actually working. Buproprion does absolutely nothing and concerta looks gross.  I agree with the allegorical message of this video.
i dunno whether this is anyone else but once i started taking meds, i would sometimes not take them some days but id still function as if i had taken them, it was weird but like idk
the first hour of meds is so like 🫠🫨
i really really really want the cow  video     ..
I have adhd and I personally take streterra and it works really really well
0:18 poor guy!
I have ADHD in the trumpet thing it makes 100% complete sense and it is a true fact proven By Me Myself and I the three most esteemed- oh Hey look at that very shiny thing over there yes we must observe it
I actually realized i had adhd because of Jaidens video it felt so relatable so i researched and i think i might start using Aderall
paper
5:45  YEAH I TAKE THAT AND THATS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENS TO ME
My experience with medication started with almost going to the hospital because of side effects, and then it became great because I found a good med but for some reason I hate taking it even though it feels great when I am actually on it? Idk it’s like showering
6:47 I feel you I got the same ADHD as you and I also take meds
It's amazing that you managed to make this animation. I finished mine half a year ago.
I wonder if the author knows what the song from the beginning of the video with the cow is about xD
cheeseburger
its so funny to phase out to this video because it reminds you of a situation where you pased out while someone was talking to you directly.
Whats that song at the start of the video?
0:00 polish cow moment (polska gurom)
how you dare? bring back cow
Poland and polish cow menthiond 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
I have both ADHD and it is severe I am is smart I have to much meds.
good one, follow up please. Why are you saying we shouldnt stop taking meds ? is it ironic ? How do you feel about "having to" take meds to function ? Seems like you stopped (me to) because i didnt like the idea. What about our people back then, who didnt have access to meds ? I know its a bias (i dont want to have no access to dentist for instance) but i dont like the idea of "having to" take meth every day, either.
Try Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
I actually don't notice the difference in my brain when I'm on my meds, but the people around me definitely do. I have friends who can tell whether I took them or not just by talking to me for a few minutes 😅. I'm definitely more productive on them though, especially with executive function actually working
I used to do 60 mg of Vyvanse. And I hated it, I hated every second of being on that drug. I felt like a prisoner in my own body.
I could never take medications like these. You are your thoughts. Taking something to change the way you think, is changing you into a different person. You are no longer yourself. You are what the drug made you into
ah yes, relatable comments... ADHD sucks! yaaaaayyyy!
Medicating has been scary to me forever, but these sorts of videos do help me calm those irrational fears. I realize that isn't your intent with the video but it is still appreciated for its accidental benefits
Mine is melatonin definitely not sleep medication
3:55
“guh”
I started my drug journey for my ADD in 1st grade. From Ritalin, metadate, vyvance (horrible rage stuff happened), Concerta, something else then back to Concerta. Fun times😊
FOCUS  🔑   🔑   🔑   🔑  🔑   🔑   🔑   🔑
Right now i'm fidgeting with a fidget cube, and all of your symptoms match mine. I have not been diagnosed yet, but I should 😅
this is feeling so relatable, i should probably check it too🤔
I took Ritalin for about 10 years. At first, it worked really well, and I was able to focus on one thing and study normally. But over time, I stopped eating almost entirely and began to develop depression. When I changed doctors, he recommended that I get an eye test. It turned out that I have a misalignment in my eyes and simply needed glasses. I've been wearing the glasses for a year now, and the ADHD symptoms have almost completely disappeared. I think the remaining symptoms are just a matter of habit.
Funny video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyDyOweu-PA&ab_channel=tutatu  I was instantly entranced by the song with the cow in the beginning , hella deep song as well. Adhd is something im discovering, but it was lying dormant under all my addictions (apperently also a adhd thing), so im kinda afraid of the medication
I’m 23 and was diagnosed with adhd half year ago. In Poland we have good medication for adhd named Medikinet, and I think its just much better than Aderal or others stuff. I’m focused on my most important work and side effects didn’t ruined my sleep schedule
So real
0:00 i loved that meme
vyvance is the opposate
i use 20mg vyvance
POLAND MENTIONED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0:01 POLANDDDD POLSKA
My Medication is Methylphenidathydrochlorid 10mg once per day. It breaks the tunnel vision/hyperfocus your are so much talking about. It helps me change my focus in the way i want to - to the thing i need to. Its completely normal to take 20 or 30mg and 1 or 2 times per day depends on you. But you need to remember eating - your body needs more food with then without it. Hope i cloud help some of you guys - have a great day!
Idk why but I can only hear that one ADHD med as: "5 ants"
The five guys on your head is so accurate 😂😂😂😂😂😂
So doesn't matter what i do i'm doomed and nothing will work
I always feel like I have adhd so I begged my mom to bring me to see if I had it or not but I never got to see if I had adhd or not
Bear with me a minute, but if I got this right than Adderall consists basically of 25% L(evo)-Amphetamin and 75% D(extro)-Amphetamin while Vyvanse consists of 100% Lisdexamphetamin which than gets metabolised into pure D(extro)-Amphetamin 🤔  Which would and is making Vyvanse the more potent medication 🤔 With this in mind, hearing that Vyvanse is „more mellow“ is wild.  But I guess that comes from the fact, that it has to metabolised before the effects start to hit 🤔  Oh and by the way, D-Amphetamin, L-Amphetamin or their combination ‘regular’ Amphetamin is not “effectively Meth” 😅   Methamphetamin is a derivative of Amphetamin, sure.  But it is also way waaay more potent and addictive than it’s „smaller Brother“
Anyone else have the issue where you can talk in your head fast but sometimes I go yo talk and it's like I can't talk properly over all the noise!
5 miligrams. weak, I need 81. More than the tecnachal limit for conserta
YO - I've had almost the exact same experiences as you have with these meds... with a few other issues thrown in for good measure... like my right eye getting blurry on vyvanse. What seems to be helping me NOW: Wellbutrin. you should give it a try!
wow, the three dfferent thoughts
That cow song in its original language says stuff about drugs
Ah- no- I wanted the dancing polish cow back ):
As someone who’s taking vyvance, it works AMAZING for me the only side effect is that it makes my appetite INSANELY decreased. I generally go a whole day without eating till around 5pm (i take it at 7-8am evert morning) and even then i eat very quickly, and dont finish it all because i get too full too fast. But the medication works amazing for me otherwise so yaya
ADHD meds are not for everyone and don’t let this video deter you from trying them as EVERYONE will have different reactions to them.  Also adhd meds can be affected by the following   - what task you decide to focus on for the day  - if you don’t eat and drink enough meds will be less effective  - if your running on low sleep (6 hours or less) meds will actually be less effective and sometimes heighten symptoms of sleep deprivation  - not eating healthy can affect meds  - burnout can effect meds  - and I also noticed that if I take adhd meds while anxious it will very ironically make me focus more on my anxiety  - also NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EEEEVER MIX ADHD MEDS AND CAFFEINE your heart is already elevated by the adhd meds don’t add caffeine to the mix.
Why he is watching a polish language video?😂
1:24 most relatable moment in this video as someone with diagnosed adhd
Had concerta from 7 years till i was 17, then we found out after visiting a paychiatrist that i actually had autism… Well that ruined a lot of things. 10 years medicine and i always told anyone it just made me tired
With Vyvanse, I got absolutely locked into a math problem and i literally was working on it the WHOLE day until some friends asked me to hang out. Although I pretty much had a hyperfixation for the day, i also cleaned my room and stuff too. For the first time in a WHILE
VIDEO WELL DONE A QUOTE SAYS' MY THOUGHTS ARE MY BUTTERFLIES  THEY ARE BEAUTIFUL  BUT THEY FLY AWAY' 🤝🤝🤝🤝🤝
5:39 U sure this wasnt just THC?
I am on stratara for my ADHD it's not like Adderall or vivance which are stimulants so I get the focus but none of the side effects of stimulants. And it's amazing having one thought at a time and being able to focus on a task but not to the point like with vivance.
0:06 I love the polish cow song
I take METHYLPHENIDATE (i think…also that was copy and pasted but im not typing methylashdhwpahaha) its very strange i can focus but you dont LOCK TF IN you step into the building but you dont lock the door loo
ı have INSANE adhd and my first medication was concerta, it actually helps a lot IN THE MORNING after evening the medications effects starts to go and ı get idiot. there is another side effect of the medication is you completely lose you appetite during the daytime but when it hits night because ı haven't eaten anything because of the medication ı eat everything ı can find like a monster its really hard for a person to have adhd
I have actually no idea if I have ADHD or not because I do have some of the symptoms but other stuff are the complete opposite of the symptoms for me
ADHD is wild. I personally have found Concerta is a good medium between the Vyvanse ultra hybrid focus and the Adderall literal meth energy. It took me a long time to find my meds but I found a psych that I really like and is easy to contact which made it a lot easier to change things when I needed.
Vyvanse is amphetamine too. You should try atomoxetine.
idk if i have adhd, it certainly feels like it and looking at the symptoms which do occur. I can focus on tasks if I want to, altought not for too long. I need to take at least a break of 5min every 30-45 minutes in order to be efficient, but then again, this is normal for a human brain. But if I am not interested in doing that certain thing, but if I HAVE to do it, it becomes 10 times to execute so. I relate the most to wanting to do a task but then start doing something else this keeps going on and I end up remembering what I actually wanted to do at the start of the day or not being able to get to it cuz I already started something else, which is really frustrating.
Haha, nice polish song about taking cocaine :D
sounds like you didn't have appropriate psycho education alongside your medication. A psychiatrist is also supposed to help you set up habit patterns that trick you into being on the right task. I think fixating on ADHD medication being the "fix" is what caused your problems.  They're a tool to help facilitate some things getting done so that there is less overwhelming you in general. The "fix" is understanding behaviour patterns and building up long term habits that don't rely on executive function.
Your brain looks like Kirby
I have ADHD aswell
Ice Cream Sandwich would rather take Vyvanse than play Kerbal Space Program...
I‘m just curious why you tried Adderall and Vyvanse, which are both amphetamines, and not Concerta or another Methylphenidate-based medication? Did I miss something in the video?
g
Still come back to this every once in a while. Trying Vyvanse myself right now at the nuke it level (70mg). Still doesn’t work as well as I’d like but thats ADHD for you.
I took different meds for depression, anxiety, ADHD... and all I got from them was the side effects. I stopped taking them and "weirdly enough", I didn't have to take as many painkillers for headaches, or muscle relaxants for stiffness nor meds for acidic stomach, nor anything for all the dizziness I was feeling. Yeah, sure, my brain is a recently snorted squirrel in a mirror maze, but at least I don't feel like I'm about to throw up every single hour I spend awake.
*Unsubscribes.*  Wait, I wasn't subscribed to begin with. You tricked me!!
Concentrating is hard, but I guess being ADHD is just being Polish?
Hey no bad words if you say bad words you get in trouble
I want- no I NEED meds The thinking... IT'S getting LOUDER 😭😭😭
These videos always make me on edge - cause every time I see a video of someone with ADHD talking about their life and symptoms I just find a lot of them matching my life that I thought it's just bc I am a teenager who is lonely and obsessed with her phone🤠 and I just can't go to a professional to see if Ido actually have it or not🤠
3:17 the internet is filled with       I N F I N I T E  K N O W L E D G E 4:22 but I never got the ability to fffffffffffOCUS 7:38 I think the moral of th- wUOah gOHD...... I almost dropped my phone
i have the third type it's imposble to deal with
Cypis
0:56 :1 why is that image so flnahvsbsbbbhahahhhhhhhh it's just like WHY is that Spisific image so gosh darn relatable!!!!????!!!! S :S also ( ͡❛ ₃ ͡❛) I lov your videos but sadly never got the chance to tell you so here we are😅[ I also had Appendicides idk how to spell it lol I jus thought that was something I wanted to bring up] Click here is you love ice cream sandwich🥳🥳🥳 👇
1:53 I have never seen such an accurate description of ADHD as the scene with these five guys in the brain, and I have been diagnosed with ADHD for 30 years.
What makes me mad is that the "synthoms" described here and in other videos, are part of all human beings life, not only ones with adhd. This kind of content pushes people to self diagnose, self medicate and find excuses for normal bad behaviours
your example with the tasks A to E was a perfect representation of whyy I cannot get work done.
05:21 autistic individuals join the chat
This might be a little late but, in case it helps anyone, try switching to Dexedrine. Adderall (amphetamine) is a mix of its D-isomer and L-isomer (dextroamphetamine and levoamphetamine), the kick you feel during the day is the D-isomer, which lasts 3-5 hours, and the rest is the L-isomer (weaker and has more adverse side effects). Vyvanse is like an extended release of the D-isomer only, which lasts 10-12 hours. The constant release of a stimulant throughout the day combined with other factors like insomnia could explain why your body ends up feeling so exhausted. Dexedrine is just the D-isomer alone (dextroamphetamine), which doesn't last very long so you would manually take it throughout the day. If you wake up late or forget to take your meds, it's not an issue because it wont cause sleep deprivation later on. If it's the evening and you need to drive but your meds have worn off, taking dexedrine wouldn't completely ruin your night of sleep and would help you focus. You can take it as needed and it's not as big of a commitment as longer-acting medication. You're not on it constantly so it wouldn't exhaust your body the same way Vyvanse would. You also have multiple opportunities to correct what you end up hyperfocusing on during the day.
ADHD is interesting but exhausting at the same time.
6:43 Definitely had to take a step back. I usually take a while off the meds before taking them again, it definitely was vyvanse that caused. I occasionally get migraines so often, different parts of my brain when i cant sleep.
Yo what was that music back there in the beginning of the video
For me, Elvanse 30mg was the best medicine for my ADHD.
Having anxiety today this helped a little. Made me laugh thanks. Subscribed
I really like conserta or however its spelt. I tryed a couple different ones before this and this works the best for me. 😊
me watching this video pausing every 2 minutes to go watch a different video
live laugh love vyvanse!!!
Just wanted to mention that vyvanse is still an amphetamine just like adderall and meth. 4:47
it’s the way i’ve had to rewind and rewatch every 2 minutes bc i couldn’t lock in
Vyvanse taker here. Got on the medication a few months ago for binge-eating disorder (cause apparently it helps with that too). Was happy to see it mentioned and that someone else goes through the same cycle I sometimes do. My thing is I have ADHD AND Autism, so Vyvanse tends to help me get into the mindset of working and keep my focus on my work, but I agree if I'm goofing off while waiting for the meds to take effect or I get even the slightest bit distracted I will de-rail the train and throw it off a cliff.
For me, Wim Hof Breathwork and a cold shower in the morning does exactly what you describe adderall to do, it tends to last for at least half a day in my expierience.
I dont take meds anymore but they taught me how it is to be able to focus. Like I had unlocked something new.
“Medication” drugs is horrible. Just say no.
I got diagnosed with anxiety and panic disorder, I was having panic attacks constantly by that I mean every single night and sometimes during the day. So I got on a medication called venlaflaxine. They were good at 1st helped me alot and didn't cause nearly as many problems as my old medication did(Lexapro-it sent me to the hospital it was horrible but no matter how bad it got my step mom wouldn't let me stop taking it because she "couldn't deal with me" even tho I almost died.) but after a few months it started feeling off like my old medication(the Lexapro) and I don't know why or how but I'm pretty sure my stepmom switched my pills because it felt exactly like my old meds and she gets my refills(she works as a pharmacist/ manager at Walgreens). When I mentioned it to her she just said that the pharmacy had different shaped pills then the doctors office but I don't believe her. I stopped taking the meds Abt 2 months ago and went through really bad withdrawals for weeks and my panic attacks came back but 10x worse for a while. But I'm okay now, I'm doing alot better. Just sucks parents can get away with this bullshit
DR. ABODA ON YOUTUBE HAS THE BEST TREAT FOR HEALING AUSTIM THANK YOU SO MUCH IN MY SON LIFE......
during this video I laughed so much THANK YOU <3 (also I’m getting distracted from the video by writing this comment)
I got diagnosed in my early 30s. That association with 6 guys playing tunes in your head is so accurate. I remember thinking it was normal to have multiple conversations with all your friends at once, being the main participator of all of them all while having your brain produce MULTIPLE sketches, associations to previous conversations, memories, small movie clips and music tunes. Then sorting trough the 12 different ones in a split second to pick the funniest one and maybe save one just in case for later.  Also while forgetting the name of any newcomer to the group even tho she/he told me their name 4 times the past hour and also not being 100% sure i locked my door when i left my appartment.
When I was on meds I either felt  nothing emotionally or I felt all the negative things x10.
0:47 drug Sidenote, I have to spend my 45 seconds finding out how to spell drug when he was riding in front of me
I was diagnosed in September '23 and currently on my odyssey of finding the right meds and everytime I check in on this video (and the ADHD vid from last year) I relate more, it's so funny.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam
Obscene amounts of caffeine. That's what helps me. 600-800mg a day, but I've taken upwards of 3200mg or more a day (not recommended).
Took adhd meds once and I wrote my whole paper for class in one go. I never did that before, nd my teacher was very proud of me. BUT. It made me very nauseous so I stopped taking them.
wait do straws have one hole or two holes (I have adhd as well too lol)
I have A.D.D., which I manage with drug. It is, indeed, necessary for me. "I don't take this 💊 stuff for funzies!*" Me, c. 2003-now Without drug, I am......not very high functioning.  * Some people do.
I’m still on Adderal for my ADHD and not only does it do what you described, but it also makes my hunger *p o o f* so I don’t eat for the entire day
The next video is named hospital and to be honest I don’t want to watch that right after this ( 5:51 )
Everyone’s brain chemistry is different. What works for someone else might not work for you. It’s all about finding which med is helping you specifically to get your brain chemistry rebalanced to the way it should be. Right dose, medication etc. If your dose is too high then it’s likely you’re being overly medicated. Then it pretty much turns you into a zombie because it’s relaxing you too much lol.
got damn, a lot funnier than expected. love it!
I didn't get diagnosed but my friend gave me some of her medication and ritalin just gave me manic episodes but adderall was really great. Ideally when I do get diagnosed soon I should have a better time with school since it's really starting to impact my ability to do literally anything I don't like 100%. Adderall worked for me with focusing, which was cool. It also got me to pack up all my stuff to leave for winter break in like 30 minutes, and then 30 minutes of writing an email to my grandma, which unlike ritalin was actually making me coherent and thoughtful and not manic.
Nobody gonna talk about the cow at the start of the vid
I was given ADHD medicine as a kid, it gave me severe depression and I didn't know how to express that so I just said my stomach hurt and my loving parents dragged me around to different doctors all the time to try and fix the problem. Eventually lil me just decided "Okay no medication" and didn't swallow the pills and the next day I felt like the happiest creature alive. I still feel quite good to this day 👍
I just got distructed while i was watching
the intro was literally me
This was incredibly useful. Thank you.
i can’t find any adhd meds that don’t make me jittery like i just took a shot of 100% caffeine
Me at 3:00am in my kitchen dancing to this song 😂❤
0:00 oni dalej mysla ze to o krowie
Real adhder!
If anyone was wondering what song this is: 0:01 the song is “Polish Cow”
i still haven’t taken my adderall, i was supposed to take it an hour ago…Imma go take it now
When I took meds for my adhd I almost died on like everything they gave me cause the meds STARVED ME to almost DEATH and my now dead abusive dad FORCED ME to take them. Now life without it is amazing, and there’s so many people with adhd that it’s kind of normal to see someone’s limbs vibrate at unremarkable speeds. (I took mostly vivance)
4:23 at 0.25x speed. "FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFocus"
Ah, Polski kanał. Dobrze się kamuflujesz
I have adhd and I started taking concerta and it helped with school ALOT I started getting better grades then ever
Dude.... The vyvanse thing is real!! All the sudden the body is like nope. But stopping for a day or two resets it.
1:24 is Probably the Best Part of this Whole Video
way too low a dose and you need extended release of that first one
I had a similar experience with Vyvanse too. I dont have ADHD but I was taking it for Narcolepsy. It made me out of breath all the time after a while and it was because it raises your heart rate.
6:29 I get that from caffeine. A constant shortness of breath from drinking too much caffeine that makes me feel like I'm suffocating. Deep breaths become necessary and don't really feel all that effective at stopping it.  I stopped drinking caffeine entirely and started feeling better. Never liked the stuff anyway because it always made me stay up at night if I had *ANY* of it. Like... I desperately want to sleep, my brain feels like death and no matter what I do, it won't shut off.  Fortunately there are lots of great caffeine-free sodas and even a caffeine-free Coca-Cola that has a really cool gold and red can that looks better than regular Coke cans and that's not really relevant to this topic, I just wanted to share it because I like it. God I sound like a fucking 8-year-old right now. I need to go to bed.
Bit of a long comment coming up, because I like analyzing myself and writing it out makes that easier and I might as well share it if I'm taking the time to type it out anyway.  So I'm pretty sure I have ADHD. I don't know if that's *all* I have, but it's the only thing I can identify at the moment.  When I was younger, I used to think I might have OCD because I have weird compulsions that my brain makes me do. I later came to the conclusion this was not OCD because I could technically not do these things, it just made by brain a bit... uncomfy for a second. Like hearing nails on a chalkboard for a second and then it goes away.  For example: while playing games, if I go down a spiral staircase in a game like... idk FFVII (7), I would have to stop partway down and reverse the spin of my character in place... because my character had spun around too many times in one direction and that bothered me so I needed to balance it out. Not *actually* balance it out, just enough spins until my brain felt satisfied, getting rid of that discomforting feeling in my brain and, I guess, giving a slight dopamine hit or something and then I'd go back down and it would keep doing it until the fucking spiral staircase _stopped._  I don't have to do that so much anymore which I think I know why and I'll explain in a moment.  Another was that I would have to take a single finger or object over one eye's line of sight (NOT both) and then do it over the other one in a mirrored symmetrical pattern. Blinking one eye and then the other also accomplished the same result, but I rarely thought to ever do that so I almost never actually did.  Symmetry seemed to be a similar problem for both of these strange issues.  I believe the reason I don't do these things anymore isn't because I don't get the compulsions, because I do when I think of them... it's just that I rarely think of them anymore for some reason. Stress exacerbates these problems, which I guess can bring about OCD symptoms more as well, which again is what always made me think I had that. I now get different compulsions. One compulsion, to be specific...  I count. I count everything. Specifically, I count every "separate" part (color) of anything. When watching a movie or TV show I'll count the parts of a person. Their pupil (black), iris (whatever eye color they have; heterochromia counts twice because they're two different colors), the sclera of the eye (white), their skin (red, yellow, black and white, "they are precious in his siiight"), their hair color and maybe their eyebrows/facial hair too because different shades of the same color or different due to dyeing, their shirt, their undershirt, their pants, the slight tone shift on their pants if they have like jeans where the dye is a bit darker in the seams or something, their shoes, their socks because it's a different kind of white from the sclera which is a more clear and clean white from a distance at least...  Anyway. Yeah, I at least don't have to move my hands for this one or stop what I'm doing in a game to adjust my fucked up brain, but I seem to have less focus than I ever did before because even while browsing the internet or watching videos on my PC, I'm still counting the different colors of my browser. The YouTube logo's red, the Brave browser's orange, the Windows logo's blue, the different shades of black on my night mode YouTube page... _everything._  I often wonder if a medicated person doesn't have to deal with this shit, but I don't even know if anyone else has this problem. Looking it up now, it's a symptom of OCD, and it certainly feels like something that's harder for me to control than my previous afflictions, but I still don't believe it's severe enough to call it OCD. I can stop doing it. I can look away and distract myself, but what if that's like... ADHD and OCD combating each other. OCD is a fixation on something and ADHD is a constantly shifting focus until I hyperfixate on something else?  ...maddening. I wish I could fully understand myself. I get endlessly fascinated by the topic of my mind and trying to learn more about what might be going on in my head, comparing to other people with ADHD or even OCD and other conditions, but I don't really feel like I've made all that much progress recently.  At least I can pull myself away from all of my insanity with the help of video games and music. There is nothing to help me focus better than a fun game. Checklist games (open-world titles with collectibles, for example) are a godsend for me. Go here, grab that, max health is low, go do that to get a higher health, bored now? Go get some new clothes, those are fun. What's the story? Should go do more of that. 50% of the way done, cool, okay, more clothes.  They're so good at taking my wandering attentions and focusing them on things I enjoy so it doesn't feel overwhelming. It can be a problem, though, because as a kid I'd get too invested and wouldn't be able to pull apart from it for even a moment without getting angry or frustrated. I see that same behavior in my father with his weird chess obsession and how angry he gets when *anything* interferes with it and I sometimes wonder if he has the same condition, but unlike him, I cannot sit and play the same thing endlessly every day. I would get bored. I have hundreds of games to explore and while I will come back to my favorites on a 2-year (and rarely one-year) cycle, I am always interested in something new to excite me and feed that craving for the unknown and exotic. I need something new. I imagine a large part of the reason I can even return to the things I love is because I forget what it feels like, forget details, or outright forget the plot of a game's story and that means it's something new to discover again.  WOW this turned into a big rant. I'm supposed to be in bed and I stayed up like an hour past. I thought I had gotten better about not doing that, but well... I haven't. Not enough anyway.
That goddamn cow video...  Did you _have_ to start the video with it? It's gonna be in my head all day. Song's kinda catchy. Not that I can understand it.  Also, good sign that I have ADHD is the fucking fact that I started to watch a 1 hour video of the polish dancing cow before stopping myself because I still need to watch this video.
I can't even afford to get checked up for ADHD, let alone consider medication for it. Self-diagnosing isn't generally a good thing, but in the case of ADHD, it's something you really should know you have so you can learn to work around it or use it to your benefit.  I'm still figuring out that last part, honestly, but maybe one day.
At the start it wws polish 8 ustood
Vyvanse is the exact same as Adderall.
I don't know if it was on purpose or not, but the video with the dancing cow is about doing coke lmao. Kinda fits the vibe of the video.
What is that song? It is in my Head since u brought it up. It is so Crazy.
This is great
i can not buy my own home in future. because my meds has push and down childlocks and its impossible to open with (i forgot the name of this thing about hands)... hands
Ohhh boy you just at the start ....
Adderall and vyvanse are both methylamphetamines, vyvanse has 1 molecule modified.
Computer smash.. :(
cringe animation, good storytelling
What was that music at the beginning of the video
i tried vivance and it was legit like i was on 3 lines of coke during 24 hours... poor mom...
it's unfortunate that it is pricy in united states... coz in canada it's pretty much free
I had to stack dice while watching this I realised just as you talked about taking in multiple forms of media  I think I have adhd
at least medication works on you... my mind is so unique that only bupropion + atomorexitin helps me remember things more, tried all the meds avaliable
Try Bupropion my dude.
I don’t have adhd but it’s quite relatable
Think about 2 hours and then trying to remember what was i thinking
does anyone know some good adhd meds tho ?
Vyvanse for me, I get immune to it after using it for a couple months. But after a couple of days of not taking it I work just fine! The only side effects it gives me is mental exhaustion from time to time. Everything feels boring whenever this happens.
I had been taking Ritalin and concerta for about 10 years now just stop taking Ritalin a few years ago
For me adhd is best described as white noise on a radio
I also have da ADHD brain. but since I'm 23 and out of school, there's just dust floating around my skull now. idk why but I got nuttin to do. I just sit at my pc doing voices cause I've been told I'm a good voice actor but other then that, nothing in my mind like that scene in the lego movie where there's nothing Emmett's brain.
i'm on methylphenidate and its pretty helpful for both focus and "doing things" most of the time. Altho initially i was on a slightly too-high dose and it made me become somewhat manic. Lowering the dose helped though.
This reminds me of my experience with antipsychotics Latuda, REsxulti, and Abilify, in that the side effects are so horrible that its just not worth it and they barely work anyway
thanks for introducing me to polish cow lmao. that was the point of the viddy right?
So you tried the very niche ADHD drugs first and then gave up on them entirely instead of taking Methylphentidate, the best rechsearched drug, in the first place? That seems a bit odd, maybe try adifferent doctor next time?
I couldn't even hear what you said in the video. It was just a blablabla. AND I AM ON MEDS 😭😭😭😭😭😭
cool video but try to say adhd and not adht
My ADHD symptoms is something I thought was just connected to my Autism, didn’t learn till this April that I had diagnosed ADHD and was unmedicated for nearly a decade
lol yours is the same as mine XXDDDDD
I have an phone call adhd assessment appointment tomorrow while I'm getting my fingers tattooed pray for me
Gonna be honest with you, Nord, and everyone here. I know you have to make money, but there is absolutely no reason to get Nord or its VPN. Nord itself is like malware, once its there its almost impossible to completely remove without a PC Reset. Windows Defender (and its Mac equivalent) have become so well-made that there is absolutely no reason to use a 3rd party anti-virus. There is absolutely no reason to spend 40+ dollars a month on a service when Windows itself provides it (for free). It just immediately feels like a scam when someone tries to advertise Nord to me. If you all are REALLY concerned about malware on your pc, get the free version of malwarebytes, run a scan, and uninstall it. Otherwise, there's no reason to buy any 3rd party anti-virus. (Nord is known with the PC community to be ONE OF THE WORST anyways).
I think this video being relatable isn't good...
okay but you can´t expect the medication to completly change your brain and how it works. you still need to put some effort in youself and give that process time. for most adhdlers a task isn´t such a big problem anymore when it kinda became a  daily thing
If you have ADHD then how do you draw videos without doing something else
I was on Vyavance in school
One thing i have to say as someone who had both Adderall and Vyvanse, those issues also appear, but both have the same issues you listed. So when it comes to physical tasks like house work, I go to the Library and not in an environment where cleaning can be done. And for the hyperfocus on one thing, I see that as a win because I can crank out assignments 8-10 hours straight sometimes, just literqlly dont get side tracked. The last thing is feeling fatigue with vyvanse, this happens to me when I used to take it everyday, now I only do it 6 days a week so I can have a break from stimulants and relax. Just a comment I wanted to say, nothing against anyone.
guh
I think you should have set a timer for an hour after you take the pill and then start working after that timer
I had the same exact medications and results! Azstarys is the answer. Focus and task oriented success, no stimulating effect.
VYVANSE IS WHY I SPEND THE WHOLE DAY DOING THE WRONG THING??!? ARE YOU KIDDING ME
Im diagnosed with adhd and bipolar disorder and i cant take any "stimulant" as medication because it would fuck up my bipolar cycle. Thanks to my psychiatrist we found a mix of Seroquel pregabalin and sertraline that's keeping my bypolar disorder steady while making me able to sleep regularly  ( i couldn't sleep coz of adhd) and the ability to concentrate a little. I still have BAD days where i can't do shit, but i also have days where i feel normal. Im from italy, thanks for the video btw :) hope this can help others
Americans on amphetamin are funny. But we have no amphetamin here. Tis good. Or bad. I dont wanna do drugs but also i am kinda sick of failing everything all the time
Americans and drugs
1:25 2 squared
I’m elementary school I was T.A.G in math with ADHD
Adderoll made me forget who I was and who was my mom and where am I when I was like 10 ish and my mom was crying as I crawled under the bed saying who are you to my mom and who am I and what is this place and the whole time my moms saying “its mommy baby come on out.” Then all of a sudden I just snapped out of it and said mom she said yah baby and I said why am I under the bed and she said do you remember your name I said my name and she said thank god your back and I said where was I as I crawled out from underneath the bed.
My goofy ass lying in my bed watching a video about ADHD while thinking “I wanna play video games. I’ll do it in a bit.” *Still in bed* “I wanna play video games. I’ll do it in a bit.” Repeat loop. (I do have confirmed, undiagnosed ADHD)
This is my brain 1:08
its all in your head. did you know that if you think about something enough you'll get it but if you stop thinking about it you wont have it? If you think you have something and are like "oh i cant do this better take meds" even if you are fine. you actually have to put effort in to things not just let drugs take the wheel. Also some people say everyone has ADHD but if everyone does, then no one does. 🤯🤯🤯
total of adhd pills i’ve taken is maybe an total of an whole truck, yummy!
🗣👍        ╮        Nice
I highly suspect that I have ADHD. I don't have a diagnosis yet, because M O N E E. But, if I ever do get a diagnosis, I don't plan on taking meds.  Adderall wouldn't work for me because for some reason I don't like the thought of not being like this for too long, which eliminates extended release, and I need to be able to focus and do work throughout school, which likely eliminates instant release. And, Ritalin apparently puts you in spectator mode.
Medication isnt the right fit for everyone! It's important to listen to your body - and in general with ADHD meds stopping cold turkey is totally fine! My psych often encourages "drug holidays" where if I want I can just not take my meds on the weekend, on vacation, etc. she encourages paying attention to my body, mood, and patterns, and taking or not taking the medication based off my preference. Some days I wanna just be chill and distractible haha.  However, I do want to add - it can take some time to find the meds and dose that work for you; there's more options besides the two you tried, and it sounds like your vyvanse does was way too high. If anyone else is trying to figure out meds, communicate regularly with your med professionals and be patient with yourself 🩷
I’m currently pregnant, I have to stop my meds, it’s gonna be wild hahah! 😂😂
Don't do Meds!
thumbnail is how i show up at school each morning (i have adhd and take my meds just before i leave for school)
The tasks bit and learning about birdhouses cracked me up!! So relatable! 😂
3:37  “Your computer, your phone,  your butt! No? Not your butt?”  Got me laughing😭
tells himself what does 8 trupets sound like me imdeitly after thats a gooood question (starts thinking about 8 trumpets playing at a time
I have ADHD too……. It’s a crazy experience
Im trying to get evaluated for ADHD right now! They said they would my mom back in around 2 weeks.... That was like 4 months ago. I think they are the ones with ADHD.
What’s the dancing cow 🐄 video??? 😂😂😊
I must know what the song in the cow video in the beginning is! So catchy. Got stuck in my head throughout watching the video
If you take medication for ADHD you have given up on yourself. It’s the equivalent to taking medication for a personality trait and will only lead to more problems down the line. I’ve tried a few and was able to notice the negative side effects within the first few weeks. It really bugs me that people always assume that an issue with their own thought process needs to fixed by a pill you take everyday to make you “normal”. No such thing, accept yourself and try your best at what you want to do and don’t think you have a disability just because a doctor or teacher said so. Also 7:18 pmo, it’s adhd not diabetes you don’t need any form of permission to stop taking a medication that is not completely necessary. Never let any kind of drug have this sort power over your own brain. Be better
This is kind of like me
Poland mentioned
POLISH COW MENTIONED
Wait... you're telling me most people *don't* have an endless stream of branching thoughts at all times?
"Dont forget to unsubcribe... wait-"  XDDD
I use weed for my ads better than any medicine
6.9 mil views at the time of making this comment. nice.
God I miss Vyvanse. It ran out near where I live for AWHILE. It was so perfect for me.
I have autism and adhd I started taking meds and I had bad side effects such as suicidal ideation so I’m no longer doing adhd medication
Jestem pewny, że widzę to tylko przez tą krowę
This exactly describes my own experience with stimulants.. like... EXACTLY
Aufmerksamkeitsdefizit-Hyperaktivitätsstörung
what you discribed is why i was diagnosed with disorganized schizophrenia they confused symptoms of sleep deprivation and grief of a friend passing away as symptoms of psychoses so they misdiagnosed the overlapping symptoms of adhd and schizo and decided on schizo because of the mistaken psychoses.
1:51 😂
As someone who takes ADHD, I take a few medications, Clondine and Methylphenidate, And they do personally help me.
I loved the tone ❤😂
2:22 YOU'RE TELLING ME THIS ISN'T NORMAL?? PEOPLE DO STUFF ON THE FIRST TRY??
I need adderal to study
My parents refuse to get me an adhd test cause they don’t want me medicated! :D…I don’t know how imma survive 6 more years of this  Also btw addiction runs in my family but still
The part that has five versions of you is something that I have experienced before myself. I sometimes end up second guessing my own decisions, and it’s a pain at times.😣
Adhd is like a monkey in a Lamborghini without fuel
Hold on, what's the cow video song? I need to know.
ADHD bad
The comment "its basically meth" is funny when recommending Vyvanse over Adderall, seeing as Vyvanse is also an amphetamine.
I have hyperactive ADHD btw
In my opinion, the best drug for adhd is cognitive behaviour therapy
Great video! I only closed youtube 17 times to google different things that randomly popped in my mind, watch family guy, read comments and google adhd doctors in my area
Life on fast foreword is cooler😎
i may have to get tested wtf
I wish, I was back in on meds.
ADHD is the reason my mom hates me
Lol, why does everyone I know have ADHD all of a sudden and why does my doctor suggest for me to get tested as well? 😂
ok so i'm on vyvanse and i've continued taking it but i ALWAYS feel out of breath.. so uh
Ngl the improvement's to my quality of life with PROPER DOSING is something I can't live without now. Had a friend who's mom liked how obedient they were was and sorta drugged them with their meds, real fucked up situation.
Im on 36 mg and still struggle to concentrate 😢
You have ADHD, you dont live a normal life You take medicine that allows you to focus Suddenly you can focus on one specific task But since you lived your life with ADHD you never learned the habit of "duties first- fun second"  So when you can focus, you are still distracted with stuff that is simply more fun to do Sounds like you problem more than medication
I took it before recess and used to just sit and stare at the grass the whole time or walk around like a zombie. :3
Please try retinol, for me it works like i turn into a robot with no emotions etc no lusts, no thoughts, it just turns me into a highly intelligent working machine
Strattera!!! that is mine, before it was ritalin but I was ZOMBIFIED for some hours and then when the effect DASHED OUT I WAS HAppY YAY!!
Not me watching these videos at 24 years old trying to get evaluated for ADHD. My Mom legit made me do a workbook about how to follow instructions as a child. Because my brain gets. So. Distracted.
I have Anxiety and I take Prozac and it hurts to think
I take Cotempla
Poland mentioned? 🫨
Ah... Maybe I should consider trying other meds then. Currently taking Vyvanse. And i have been stuck on having ULTRA-FOCUS... On the wrong things. Thinking it was all my fault at this point, that i need to discipline myself... Whatever that looks like.   Any suggestions?
guh
“Medication is expensive in America” *me picking up my addy prescription yesterday for $2*
before diving into drugs try cbt, it is basically trying to rewire your brain to be able to focus like it was done for centuries when ADHD was not discovered, they were just called dumb people and the ones that didn't like that stamp decided to change which was often extremely hard but many did it.
adhd sucks but taking adhd meds also sucks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyDyOweu-PA
medication made me worse pretty much
The medicine makes me feel so weird lol 👁️👄👁️
wait... HOW DO I UNSUBSCRIBE IF I WASNT SUBSCRIBED YET!?!?!
I have the same problem he described about taking Vyvanse when I take my meds (Concerta), but I don’t think there’s any meds centred more around productivity rather than focus that can legally be prescribed where I live. Any tips?
this video made me realise that there is literally no chance in heaven i dont got adhd, i literally relate to every symptom mentioned in this video
I'm currently going through the same process except I started with straterra, went to Wellbutrin, neither did anything for me so I tried Vyvanse, felt overly focused inconsistently even when changing other doses, now I'm on adderall and dont have the clarity in thought other people get. Not sure what to do at this point tbh. Might try fast acting adderall or a higher dose of the XR
Holy sht, I heard the song when the video started, used Shazam to find the song, looked for it on Spotify, created a playlist for it which I called it “Slavic music” played and dance the song for a while, then started adding other songs Spotify recommended me from Russia and Ukraine, then decided to go to YouTube to find the video, watched it, I saw a video recommendation stating that the song was about a guy that technically wanted to kill himself, heard the song again but this time with subtitles and then remembered I haven finished this video so came back to it. After 2 hours I finally finished it, created a new playlist on Spotify and learned about the origins of a song fml 💩
Neurofeedback therapy is probably one of the most underfunded yet effective methods of treating adhd. It worked incredibly well for me but is insaaanely pricey. I’m really sad it’s not more accessible for everyone. Helped me a lot :’)
"Who even made math anyway?" So relatable 🤣
I love living like square one
I wish I could at least clean that stuff...but then I'd probably end up cleaning BUT also the meth thing is iffy...since am hella sensetive.
So basically if you have ad(H)D Minimalisim it is so that chaos has almost NO CHANCE to exist, that's the El Desperado am in becaues all those symptoms and Internt addiction are literally just exhausting after 34 years. Yes I did my dishes but like after how many days,weeks again? And don't come me with a dishwasher am a single person and I do not have space nor money for it atm.
I stopped doing online classes because this showed under my lofi music. I learned nothing
10 month ago I commented saying it’s wild. I started on lisdex, then moved to concerta , Xaggatin, xenidate although same drug. I found Xenidate lasted longer and I did not feel intense overwhelming RAGE at the end of the day when it wore off. Now I have stopped stimulants and now I take Atomoxitine which is great. Quite sedating even at the low dose. But my thoughts actually finish now
medical addicts
Surely, if you take both, you get the effects of both, right?
what software do you use to made these lovely animations?
Diagnosed 3 days ago aged 42 I hadn’t realised the over lapping thoughts weren’t experienced by everyone. I thought it was normal….
1:34 as a person with ADHD that also plays the trumpet, this is me to a T...stellar ✨
7:08 at this timestamp my ADHD ahh thought "bro, why is this video so long?" and literally checked how much was left of the video to see if I was going to finish it.
Just call your pharmacy if your having side effects and are unsure about if it's safe to stop or not. They aren't doctors, but the pharmacist can inform you of any risks for stopping a medication early. There are some psych meds, and even some ADHD meds that you DON'T want to stop without tapering off so it's usually safer to ask someone with experience to be safe.
i just got a ad for mini Doritos, i want some now
I Have been a drug addict since I was 15 and it all started with Adderall. Eventually I would go on the try EVERY single upper possible. Crack, Coke, Meth, Vyvanse, etc. Then that got boring so I turned to downers. Alcohol, Fentanyl, Xanax, Pain Pills, Heroine. I am now 13 months sober for the first time since I was 15 (I am 31 now)... Anyway, meds are different for everyone, but for me Adderall was literally just the meth I took when I couldn't find meth.
I pause the video and start watching another video because I need to do something but then I realize I haven't eaten yet so I drink water, go to bed stretch a little bit and watch anime while doom scrolling on social media and then I will continue this video maybe tomorrow.
as someone with ADHD, this video made me feel heard because it is so hard to be able to just... DO something
Laughing at researching rocket mechanics. The answer is that you've never learned how to focus and it's a skill you need to pick up post-medication.
This video is dangerous. The guy tries to remove all personal responsibility for his choices by blaming adhd and then blames the meds for doing what they’re meant to do.  What did you fucking expect? The meds to live your life for you?????  I have adhd and take concerta. I also did 7 months of therapy which helped me take personal responsibility for my own choices.    The meds are a tool to take control. The therapy helps you realise you actually need to take control.  Don’t listen to this mug who by the way had enough focus to make this video, write the script and edit it. Why? Because he chose to, because he wanted to, because adhd or no adhd he was gonna do it.
looks up: polish cow with english subtitles Me: "I should use 5 pounds of cocaine to treat my adhd"
did you ever try ritaline?
i hate adhd and i take medication every day (it never works)
It's the way as a very young child my teachers forced my mom to get me diagnosed and put on medication, so I literally can't even remember a time before I was medicated :( Sometimes I wonder what it'd be like to go off it
I think you should give vyvanse more than one try. It takes some preparation and discipline with the side effects, but if you can get the flow right. It's like magic. It took trying it again for me to realize it was exactly what I needed.
The fact you played polish cow has made you lose all polish subscribers.....if you dont know just hear the English dub
vyvanse is not "like meth", saying that is deceiving
I relate to this so much.
I feel like there’s so many different experiences and feelings with adhd, when I went on Ritalin I didn’t feel real, kinda felt like a robot, I wasn’t hungry either.
01:12 - 01:24 I FEEL SEEN 🤸🏾‍♀🤸🏾‍♀
adderall is just legal meth
literally me in the intro
This is a pretty old video and this is probably gonna be buried, but I would recommend trying a Lions Mane tincture because it can also help with adhd. You take two dippers full one in the morning and one midday and it really does help (me anyways it’s different for everyone) and as far as I am aware there aren’t any side affects (I mean apart from if it doesn’t work you’ve wasted a little money but eh)
It seems that about 90% of my most recent 100 favorite cartoonists and animators draw simple characters, stick figures (xkcd) or blocky blobs (odd1sout, theoatmeal) or some other way just very simple shapes stuck together, yet bring out such a wide variety of expression through pose and action, and some artists like odd1sout do a stunning job of complex nuanced facial expressions.  Glad to add another fine animator to my growing list of geniuses!
2:04 - just think about this - somewhere in marketing departments in nice office buildings across the country, people are paid to sit all day and think up names like those!    Stupid me, I majored in physics not marketing  :(
I have ADHD and this is SO SO TRUE AND RELATEABLE!!
I'm in  love with his sponsors in his videos, He make them so funny that they are fun to watch!🤣🤣🤣
Your friend is silly for thinking adderall is "basically meth", and even sillier for thinking that if adderall was meth, vyvanse wouldn't be. Neither are meth. Desoxyn (which appears in your list of drugs), actually 100% is meth though! :D
I spent this whole video holding back the need to find where the cow was from
I want to continue watching the cow video
1:51 is so funny to me 😂
Sir, you are changing lives. Thank you for this.
I have been taking ADHD medication for nearly a decade now, and I can say from personal experience, it takes about 5 years to find the right combination of medication that "clicks" for you. Having a psychiatrist who can help you develop your treatment plan is crucial to finding the right medication, or balance of medications that works for you. Medicine is trial and error. It's takes time, patience, and unfortunately money...  I am currently taking Methylphenidate and Atomoxetine to manage my ADHD. Atomoxetine works in a completely different way from Adderall. Atomoxitine inhibits the reuptake of norepinephrine, where as Adderall just increases amounts of norepinephrine in the brain. Essentially, Atomoxitine makes more effecient use of the norepinephrine, thus helping to regulate neuron synapses better. Atomoxetine is also NOT A STIMULANT, so it's great for people who have horrible side effects from stimulant medications, or a history of substance abuse.  I hope all of this was helpful, and I hope all of us will one day be able to receive the care that we need for our brains so we can live our best lives!
I was thinking about getting a shirt that says:  I‘ve got too many tabs open
This is pretty much my own experience... (I've been medicated on Ritalin/ Methylphenidate and actual Amphetamin...) Some of the meds work really fine to gain motivation and focus, but I also tend to laser focus on the wrong/ or simply irrelevant things... and then after a while I also feel like the medication is draining me. Amphetamin was better then Methylphenidate for a while, because Methylphenidate seems to also cause or intensify social anxiety or isolation. I also stopped taking the meds. At the moment I surrendered in a way... I spend my days just doing whatever comes to mind... but I realized that I can really get things done at night. When the lights are off and everyone else is asleep and I don't get messages or calls all the time I can really focus on important tasks and work stuff much better. Youtube is still running on a second screen all the time, but I can get things done, when the day is through.
I have all these symptoms, but no ADHD. idk why.
I wonder what it's like to take Adderall for ADHD, since Adderall is illegal in my country and my only options are Vyvanse and concerta/Ritalin. Ritalin does nothing for me and Vyvanse sends me into a panic state that can only be calmed by getting tasks on to-do lists done and checking them. it's really uncomfortable and annoying and it makes me easily irritable and I always end up cussing someone out cause Vyvanse makes life unbearable for me and all sounds suddenly become extra loud and high pitched and lights are too bright and all stimuli is uncomfortable but it's the only thing helping me get out of bed in the morning, study for college, attend classes, take notes, brush my teeth, shower, tidy up my bedroom, etc. I literally cannot function without it and it simultaneously makes life easier and unbearable. what is the average experience with Adderall?? is it better than Vyvanse? I'll never get access to Adderall anyway, unless I move to the states and get a prescription, but I'm just curious. how the fuck do we fix ADHD bc this shit is making my adult life unbearable.
At 7:22 he got a pepe face
Different meds have different side effects for everyone. Biphentin less hard on the heart than Vyvanse. Also, combine with Strattera if you want absolute control over what you think about.
Relevancy is the key. Their names will almost never matter to you so just put that as part of you personality to forget names.  The benefit of ADHD is the true ability to multitask and split attention. Probably why it naturally survives as a condition similar to psychopathy. Instead of focusing on one thing, do multiple always. While playing video games I will have a se ond screen with readable papers like studies and my phone propped up playing videos for when there is down time in the game plus I can always be listening and passively watching.   ADHD's symptoms are almost all socially constructed, it's just too bad you can't ignore it just because it's not necessary.  Other coping strategies can work too but each of you will have to figure it out on your own.  My degree is in psychology not medicine but yes we do still get taught all the drugs with a specific focus on brain chemistry.
this video made me yell get to the point
As someone without ADHD, Vyvanse is NOT “more mellow”  Considering Adderall hits like 30mg, Vyvanse comes in 80mg+
I love this video but the fact you're no longer on meds kinda dashed my hopes for normalcy in my own life.
The problem with getting medicated after adolescence is that you've already habituated bad behaviour, so while the meds can take an edge off the symptoms, you will default to the bad habits you've built. The meds don't fix you're problems, they just open the gate to being able to fix them.
For my ADHD, I take Foquest. It definitely feels similar to Vivance (and if they are the same thing well, my knowledge on pills is practically non-existent) I find that if I take my pills to early then I'm immediately expected to learn something and have it stick in my brain, my brain just goes 'sorry kid, we aren't keeping this info in here' when I kinda need said info to stick. And once I'm doing something I enjoy, like drawing, I can sit for hours getting a drawing JUST how I want it and all of a sudden its like 8pm when just a few minutes ago it was 6pm or 1pm. Give me something that I enjoy doing when I'm medicated and time seems to fly by.
there actually isnt much litterature that says its necessarily bad to skip meds some days, some people just take it as they need, some studies even suggest cycling throughout the week can have better effects, and some neurologists support this, but its still not researched enough to say conclusively, my psychiatrist just said to take it as I see fit, with prescribed dosage obviously.
1 year later and i still miss that cow
I noticed that medication by itself is significantly less helpful than medication in conjunction with self discipline. With ADHD, every day is like a SNES Mortal Kombat fight on ultra-hard, but with no lifebars so the harder you try to keep yourself on-task, the more you exhaust yourself so you just learn to give up. Giving up becomes a habit and because you know that you have a diagnosis, you fall into the groove and start allowing progress to be someone else's responsibility. Adderall, specifically, was an interesting experience, but it works well for me because I actually find joy in what I do. What I decided to do for myself is give myself unproductive days, which is where I don't take meds in exchange for productive days, where taking meds becomes a promise that I will complete a specific task. Once I complete the task, then I can goof off. Adults are still kids in a lot of ways. Our behaviors are still improved with guidance, but because adults don't have adults, that guidance must come from the adult you make for yourself.
Drugs are one hell of a drug
I have thissss
cannabis helps with my ever spiraling consciousness
i take concerta
Wow, I have never heard someone describe ADHD so perfectly! I struggle trying to explain these side effects to my family who simply think I’m unproductive and lazy but maybe I’ll show them this so they can understand a little better. I am currently taking Vyvanse and I’m not 100% sure how it’s helping, but I’m glad there aren’t any bad side effects thus far. I think the first medication I tried for it helped me focus, but like made me feel less energetic, less like myself, rlly. I have been hyper focused on results bc I’m a high school student with hobbies and am constantly ping pong balling around to different things, but maybe things will kinda figure themselves out with time. Super long rant, yeah, just wanted to express gratitude ♡
I also have a disability that effects focus, it's called autism. I am autismican.
2:38 why is this true even though I don't have ADHD
I personally take methylphenidate, and slowly increased to ease into it, I had no side effects
2:01 god I hated adderall. I felt like a complete zombie. now I take concerta. works better, just takes away my hunger.
ADHD is like have 80HD tvs on in your head at once
Ok, so if I just take the medication on like, cleaning days or big project days… is that, bad?
I’m really bad at connecting cause and effect, so your insights into these medications are something I’ve never noticed while taking either. Time to see if I just didn’t realize they were doing that to me!
What's that song?
I've suffered from ADD since I was a kid but wasn't diagnosed until I was an adult. I have a similar experience with things you'd probably find quite funny. Have you ever heard of serotonin syndrome? Is it possible you were experiencing that? I don't have much to go off of with the small vague description you said. I'm curious to hear more though
ADHD suck expecaly because of me taking 1000 pills in one month!!!!
I take 29 pills a day multi vitamin enzymes trikafya and vivamce
you felt bad because of withdrawals. Those medicines are not good to use everyday and it will be way better for you that you stopped taking them.
Ha! Relatable.
In. My years of watching YouTube, I have never seen a youtuber say to unsubscribe. You are the first.
This was super helpful for me and I’ve revisited this now, especially as I’ve now trialled a few different types.   One thing to mention is that adderal and vyvanse have dexamfetamine in them, which not only keeps more dopamine and norepinephrine around in your synapses (as does methylphenidate or the brand name Ritalin), but it actively pushes these out. You get more focus, but potentially more side effects (I did).   So if you ever wanted to go back to meds, maybe Ritalin or methylphenidate is a final one to try?
I describe the Vyvanse experience to my friends who have been on it for less time than me as "Latching" it's like a ritual of learning what to do in the 30 minutes-1 hour leading up to the start of the effects in order to optimize your day.   I started assigning myself more nebulous tasks to focus on, such as "do chores until these 2 YouTube videos (usually like 1 1/2 hour podcasts or something) have finished." Then I start the task like 5-10 mins before the meds usually kick in and then I'm able to kinda game the focus by making it about doing as much as possible in a predefined duration rather than trying to think of things on a task by task basis.  That way, all my productive tasks are latched onto the YouTube videos rather than being independent things for me to hyper focus on.  Works pretty well for me, it's a weird thing to explain so I hope y'all are able to get it with the example I gave! ADHD meds are just generally super flexible and feel like they need the right mindset in order to get the most out of them.
very similar experience.  side effects go crazy.  dunno what meds are right for me.
"don't forget to unsubscribe" actually worked for me to subscribe LOL
🤨 adderall is not like meth, it has similar qualities but its nothinnngggg like actual meth at all ...this just shows how so many people have such lack of knowledge of what drugs they are actually taking and talking about. Its quite astonishing how many people think they know all these things about drugs that are just flat-out false or assumptions , but it makes it super easy to identify when your talking to an idiot who thinks they know everything bc they read a paragraph in some random bias unscientific article 😂
Drug
Quitting meds, instantly or gradually but fast, is a very, very dangerous thing to do.  I did it too, on Clonazepam, oh boy ... Im more than happy now, but that was literally the most miserable, depressing, dangerous experience of my life.
Adderall never worked for me, I had to try vivance instead, and it was the best switch ever I get withdrawals bad when I don't take it tho
video so good I didn't skip the sponsor
I love that your on-screen persona is the exact colour and approximate shape of a 50mg Vyvanse capsule.
i just got a vyvanse after being on everything in the bookm hopefully it works
they also block creativity, but what creativity matters if you just have todo your everyday job if you are not an artist.
I started the video and 2mins in stopped following it and started daydreaming again
My psych reminded me to keep track of my blood pressure while on Vyvanse. Its known some meds can cause hypertension. Luckily for me my blood pressure is fine.
00  -
I feel it's usually the animaters that have ADHD because after watching this I saw two other animaters with ADHD
i used to take meds for my adhd, but i ended up developing paranoid delusions and hallucinations as a side effect. sooooo.....yeah ive learned to manipulate myself and my habits into developing coping mechanisms that override my adhd symptoms.
from my experience this is wrong, it's not a bunch of people talking in your head, i feel like this is a massive misconception with people diagnosed with adhd that shouldn't be.  like said below tangents are the real scenario, i could never stay on topic when my brain was relating so many other things to the subjects that have sometimes very little in common yet i would find an avenue to relate them, making it very hard for the people around me to understand my points. intern making me very frustrated.  It's important to know, if you didn't have any symptoms as a child, there's a good chance you have developed ADD from things like social media, and i truly believe medication is not right for these people, and is making their development even harder on themselves.  If you did things like leave all your homework until the last day or never did it at all,  were constantly out of your seat, trying finding something that interested you rather then the bland sheet of paper Infront of you, but excelled at sports that is a good "indication" you have it.  something i don't see talked about very much is smart phones, using a smart phone is almost unbearable to me because of the million different functions and apps so even at 30 with 12 years of experience with smart phones i find myself getting lost and frustrated looking for apps/features that i must use for both work related task and leisure.  although i am on the "severe" side being kicked out of multiple schools when i was younger, i think this is one of the best indication you have adhd and should be more researched because i see this quiet a lot with people that say they have adhd yet can know where everything in their phone is before they even unlock it, and claim medication isn't working for them, that is absolutely unfathomable to me.
I am using that medication type for 9 years and yea...
A lot people have this problem, you have one group who fight against it, the other just can’t fight against.
Honestly I miss my medication but I don’t miss the sideeffects. They were highly unpleasant and painful even. And they put a serious strain on my heart, so my psychiatrist asked me to stop taking them.
Way too much focus with vyvanse and those unwanted and unbearable side effects, also being stuck in doing the physical and less cognitive intensive tasks with adderall.  Those things are literally the most common and most easily noticeable effects of “high dosage”. You just needed to adjust your dosage. Also you can try methylphenidate based meds because they’re only dopamine reuptake inhibitors instead of being dopamine reuptake inhibitors and causing your brain to produce more dopamine at the same time lime amphetamine ones  (adderall, vyvanse etc.)   In this way, you get to focus not everything but the things that you usually find very boring and actually necessary to do.  Don’t give up on meds just now. Talk to your doctor and adjust your dosage. If that fails too, try methylphenidate based meds. If even that didn’t worked, try atomoxetine based meds. I found out for me the best combination is methylphenidate & atomoxetine.  If none of those works for you, drink green or white tea. (White tea is the same thing as the green tea but it’s way more pure and pristine so I would strongly recommend white tea.)   Also the side effects that are comes from any types of stimulants, green or white tea is the best solution I’ve ever accorded by now. The best solution that doesn’t effects the drug’s intended effects and reduces the unwanted side effects significantly.   Also don’t use any of those drugs while your stomach is empty. Always try to use them after a meal. Drink a lot of water. Also one of the most important thing if not the most important thing is working out while you’re not on meds or when they wear off like in the morning or before bed.   Those are mostly the recommendations for a healthy body but believe me they’re directly effecting the drug’s activity and efficiency in your system I mean I’m not trying to tell you that you need to get healthier, no. Those are the things that I tried and worked like a charm for stimulants.  While on stimulants, keep your limbs warm, try to not too much caught up on your phone or pc. I mean go and walk around a bit, maybe do some in-place running (it’s just running without going anywhere)  Don’t forget to move your head, look anything else but screen in every 10-20 minutes, especially outside will be nice.   The main purpose here is to get your brain comfortable and make your bloodstream healthier.
I took two different types of anxiety meds for three years, then I stopped taking them cause I felt I didn’t need them anymore and I didn’t. I wasn’t having such severe anxiety anymore :)
Lmao 5 is exactly how it feels for me everyone never shuts up it’s so annoying
Ah, ADHD treatment: the delicate balance between 'I need focus' and 'my meds make me feel like a robot.' At least my psychologist enjoys watching the show!
Watching this since my mother will get me medicated soon
I just wasted 8 minutes
Taking Vyvanse only as needed has been great for me. Tbh I can't imagine taking it EVERYDAY
Hey so what's the cow video's name? Can't stop thinking about it haha
I have severe adhd, my medication is dexmethylphenidate, it might help you.
ADHD just makes you more energetic as a child (age 5 - 11) before your brain starts to mature and you hit the teenage years, I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 5 years old.  I’m 13 now but seriously, why do people think that ADHD is on par with autism or chemo or even schizo?  It’s probably because many people with those disorders or disabilities are represented horribly and or, made fun of.  I was actually kinda mistreated in first grade, I spent half of the year in the principals office, they simply labeled me as a “Bad kid”.  They also tried to hold me back in the first grade (keep in mind, this was before I was diagnosed with ADHD).  Though, when I was put on medication, I immediately became a strait A-B student with excellent behavior. (This wore off when I started going to middle school).  Also, ADHD doesn’t make your IQ lower or cause hallucinations like schizophrenia.  you should treat people with disabilities especially better than those without since I’ve met many people who’ve had Down syndrome, autism, etc,.  Let me tell you, they were the kindest people you’ll encounter, takes patience but if you’ve got that then you’ve probably got someone who’ll stick by your side forever.  Another side effect of having it is that whenever something that bores you such as having to go to school, causes you to become hyperactive like bothering your peers a lot or spinning in one of those office chairs.  I remember the last time I had a serious school meeting (3 weeks ago) I could NOT stop spinning in that office chair, I was also taking tissues and tearing them up into little pieces. My mother had to tell me to stop spinning in the chair thrice since she was also attending the meeting.  ADHD also causes a situation where if you’re interested in something you become hyper focused on it, it’s like playing a video game or watching a move, the whole point is for you to..  1. Like the content you’re viewing (Movies and Games)  2. Focus on said content.  3. Not feel bored by it.  And that’s it.  ADHD can also affect your attention span significantly, and it can also lead to you being less organized than the average (American) child. (I’m saying that because I know that there are different averages for different countries and ethnicities).  Example: When I was in the 5th grade (We would store items in our desks and stuff but the teachers would have this annoying pattern where they would say “Okay let’s do this assignment” then strait after 5 - 7 minutes they’d say “Okay class now that you’re finished, put this assignment in your binder and we’re going to do another.”   Rinse and repeat, I obviously didn’t like it so I just shoved the papers strait into my desk to fetch them later.  Sincerely…  -Someonesaltaccount
Funilly enough it was kinda the opposite for me. When I first started my medicine I got super sick. The first day I slept all day, completley unable to stay awake for more than an hour. But still, something compelled me to continue trying, to stick with it. Over the next few days I would start slowly feeling better until my body had adjusted to the medication. When I looked it up apparently a lot of people go through an adjustment period, mine was just on the more severe side of the spectrum. Anyway, about a week after I stopped feeling bad  I gained the sudden, slight ability, to just....do things. If one task is related to another instead of bouncing around I could just *do* the next task. It's not as effective as I would want it to be but it gives me hope that my symptoms might actually be controlled on another medication. I still have a lot of fatigue, and I have a suspicion that it might be the meds, but we're investigating that.
I am currently using Concerta, which does help me. But previous meds have made me lose hunger so we had to find the right one! Not pushing meds onto you or saying you shouldn’t do it, I’m just sharing my story
Thank you so much for this video!! This was my EXACT experience with meds 😂
You should try modafinil, it doesn't feel extremely different than without meds, but focus and productivity is much better. There's even a stark difference in my handwriting and note taking, where as without medication, it was hard to have enough energy/motivation to write. Like there wasn't enough strength in my hands lol. Also remembering to do things through out the day is a lot easier
The only thing in my head is cocain song momement
Okay so I have ADHD and instead of taking meds I actually take a little hemp oil, it work really well for me but can be different for everyone but if you have it give it a try (if you want the brand I use its call Partner Process and get the orange dream)
diagnosed with adhd a couple days ago and was prescribed vyvance, can confirm that shit is like having ultra focus.
Seeing this further reinforces my suspicion I might have ADHD. But I'm not sure what to do with it, since mental health is not so advanced in my country. Also if I go in saying ADHD, I'm afraid they'll just think I want to get Adderall (often used by uni students AFAIK).
0:47 Drug.
this is the nost accurate explanation ive heard. i have adhd and autism, its often easy to forget what symptoms come from what disability, but this touched on so many key points and so accurately. in short: another banger.
Yea I think I’m just retarded
i use large doses of caffeine instead of amphetamines... it helps...
After watching your video and Jayden’s I went get tested, tested positive, and started medication. Now ,after 25 years, I finally feel like I have control over my attention and mood throughout the day:)! So thank you so much<3!
Smol face
ADHD is more like a broken radio. Normally, non-ADHD people can turn on the radio and hear what they wanna hear, but ADHD people's radio is hearing the seven different broadcasts in only a minute. ADHD people's problem is when somebody asked about what they heard. Probably, they'll say like, "I heard fox news says BTS got new coat, which is worn by Harry Potter's author JK rollings, becuase they wanted to give a chance to play dodgeball with 243 African-American hungry children."
0:57   My brother has ADHD, and my mother might- (idk)  But in school or any task I will think something, but other thoughts would overlap. And I can’t remember what I originally thought-
Yeah I quit kinda recently. It was a bad thing to do but I stopped taking them without an appointment or anything. They didn't help that much but well I failed math for the first time right after but I passed the next test so.
Thanks for clarifying at the beginning that this is just your experience, as plenty of us do find medication to be a viable solution. Some don't. ADHD is a broad disorder, with differences in how it affects individuals, and different medications work differently.  I myself am medicated. Yes there are side effects. Anxiety is the most annoying one for me. Second is dry mouth.
now i take jornay and am back to vyvance\
i have adhd too and my first meds were your first than vyvance how ever its spelt was my third
The trumpet thing is so real its funny
Why can’t I just be normal
Nice vid. And this must be the best NordVPN commercial I have seen haha
Don’t forget to unsubscribe😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I’m going to get my ADHD medicine tomorrow and I’m a bit nervous about it
what is the cow video(i also have adhd)
:c
Ah yes, America, where prescribing amphetamines to people (and children in particular) it's ok even if its banned all over the world for pretty obvious reasons. I can't really see why you have such a problem with drugs when your doctors prescribe opioids for a wisdom tooth removal too, definitely not a pattern with overmedication with not so well regulated drugs here.
tylko jedno w głowie mam
If your meds are making you feel really bad , always stop taking them. If you can't live without your meds then keep taking them. If you feel super really bad in either situation and no improvement is happening, go to the hospital when it's at the breaking point.
0:01 I watched the video the song is about cocain
I need that cow video!
I was on concerta for a long time. I ended up on 64mg if I remember right. It helped me actually focus. Problem is after awhile I grew a tolerance to it. I wasn't as sharp without upping my meds. It is my only experience and in no way have I researched things or tried to look into other things. So after diclaimer. I have a hypothesis that I took my meds gained a lot of focus and then before I knew it my mental pathways were rewritten and after getting off of them I was able to function off of it. I think this solely because now I am so easily distracted like I used to be. However, I might be totally incorrect and probably am.
I’m pretty sure I have adhd and a lot of the symptoms match but I still do well in school so I at least have that
i may have adhd you have opened my eyes
so hey Andy, just so you know; getting headaches, feeling dizzy (mostly happens in a 30 milligram serving) and the other things you felt taking the 5-ants after a while is normal, it’s a side effect with ADHD meds. I have AuDHD, or a way to say Autism and ADHD at the same time, and the things you felt taking the 5-Ants medication is normal for me. It is important to drink more water if you feel it, because that might be a thirst sign and you might need water. Hope this comment helps!
my AHAD was really bad when I was younger, my grades did suffer because of it I took medication. If I remember correctly I took Focalin and that did help a lot. But now as an adult, since my job is completely hands on I'm able to focus on my entire day without the need for meds.
now I'm back to square one lol
I started to take lowest the dose of Ritalin after being diagnosed at 30. Its been like 10 pills, and the learning curve is steep. I can DO STUFF and switch tasks, completing them that day, but creative thinking is shot, and i cant sleep after it wears off. It turns off my ability to zone out, which is how I do creative work and how i relax.  ADHD is fuckin weird. People often dont get it because "how can you not make yourself do things"...
Here is my take on this topic: ADHD is not an illness, you are not sick, stop the self pity journey that will lead you to believe you need a magic pill to be finally free from the chains of ADHD, its a neuro divergence, you are as capable as the next person, we are just not suited for the ideal version of the modern man/woman. My experience with ADHD is this: I have always been different but my parents never considered taking me to a doctor, I was just “weird” but extremely gifted in some areas such as math, building or logical thinking while I struggled in social interaction and making friends. I had to learn how to drive my car. I finished med school with good grades and plenty of recognitions, just after finishing med school i had the money to start medication on my own, i take medication because i like the feeling of a “quiet mind”, it helps me in my journey of self improvement, however when I dont take the medications i dont feel like a monster is coming to get me, its just me. The same me that I always have been and the same me that got me to this point in my life. Keep calm , learn how to sort the challenges of life with the tools you were given.
I'm taking Atomoxetine right now. Hopefully I'll be able to feel better in the next month when it actually takes effect but it's supposed to do what adderall does but more gradually, naturally changing your serotonin and dopamine levels over time so that you can feel "normal". I pray it works well.
Fellow ADHD person here. Have been on both Adderall and Vyvanse. If you are reacting like that to Vyvanse, go and get your heart checked out. My doc did a full cardiac check before I went on it because if you have some sort of heart condition, it can cause issues exactly like you described.
I tried Vivance and it made me feel like not me anymore. I got so used to the routines I built to account for my ADHD that not needing to do those routines anymore on the meds threw me off so I stopped. Meds are advertised as a cure all a lot of the time and they really aren't.
Hey I have Vyvanse too it sucks for me
Meditation really helps
ADHD is like only having peripheral vision and getting the right medication is like putting glasses on that suddenly gives you an ability to have normal vision.
I hovered over this video and heard funny polish cow, but was disrupted by blue man, now I want to listen to hour long version, I only came here to comment this.
Butter milk cheese, yes that is totally *bomb diffusion classes*
My brain is constantly like having adhd but with meds. ( i meant the second meds you took )
Everyone’s so quick to diagnose themselves with ADHD because they don’t have discipline. Everyone’s mind wanders and tries to find distractions during something we perceive as boring, doesn’t mean you have ADHD. But go ahead, let your dr. prescribe you meth, they aren’t making any money doing that I promise.
As someone with ADHD I couldn’t even get 10 seconds in. The white background is too aggressive on my eyes 🫠
Military service beat situational awareness into me. Combine that with the weed to help the stressers from deployment. And then caffeine to help with the drousiness from weed. And then advil to deal with the headaches when I don't drink caffiene. I think I should have kept to not paying attention and played in the street more.
I was diagnosed a year ago and it's so annoy how quick people are to assume I want meds as treatment. I'm more interested in TMS, as it's non-invasive procedure that doesn't use medications.  It has a pretty high success rate and has worked with one treatment for many. That's why it mainly appeals to me because it makes it to where I'm not dependent on a drug for life. I know shocking, how dare I not want to take meth for life!!!  Unfortunately with were I live being the USA getting worse and worse, I'm thinking I won't really ever get treatment, or if I do it'll be far, far too late. I mean I'm 32, it's already too late in a sense. I just don't think healthcare will get it together in my lifetime.
I personally take Concerta and I find it’s pretty good, just don’t drink a bunch of caffeine on it, worst mistake of my life
I can definitely relate, I took a mood stabilizer called oxcarbazepine, for awhile and while I wasn't looking for it to fix my issues, it did allow me to gain the motivation to focus and get things done and build those habits I use to have and no longer needed it - thankfully. I did notice I don't dream as much anymore though
I have autism which is kinda similar I guess? The thing with the second medication was so relatable to me. I usually don't tale meds but I have a bunch of methylphenidate in a cupboard somewhere just in case. so when I was studying for my final exams I decided to take some to help me focus on my studies. instead a thought occured to me: "what if I just install that one game I saw on the big bang theory and see how I do without any prior knowledge" I found out later that day, there was a paywall at lvl. 30 or something.
7:29 no he IS the meds
Omg I just went to play a game and then suddenly just went and played a whole different genre
First!
The way you narrate these videos is how mu brain thinks 24/7 idk im worried i have ad/hd but then I dont because sometimes i can focus really well its random :8
The amount of times i have alternated from my computer to my bed in the past hour is insane
I love randomly gaining conscience for 1 second
I miiiiight have ADHD 😅. im already diagnosed with autism so i should find out lol
sometimes coffee gives me the ability to stay on task and then i take a nap. When i am sucked into a project i actually want to work on though, its bliss
I take biphentin it works well just dulls my creativity
🐄🎶"w głowie myśli mam, kiedy skończy się ten stan? I już nie będę sam, bo wjedzie biały węgorz"🎶🐄
Not lost on me: The irony of how many times I've had to rewind parts of this video because I've drifted off to thinking about my own experience with ADHD. I'm 2 minutes 10 seconds in. I'll just go pop the pill rn.
Vyvanse onwards part is how I am daily *facepalm* (I'm medicated on it), really need to get better at realising where my attention is directed in the moment.  ON BREATHING ISSUES: I have experienced something like that at times, but never linked it to the medication as it came in much later. The breathing issues would come when I had been my most physically inactive and sleep deprived, and after getting back into basketball its gone away completely even when lacking sleep. Something to exercise the respiratory system was the thing that worked. I was doing bouldering and weight/resistance training while the breathing issues were occurring, and though my heart would be beating hard at times from the effort exerted, it didn't exercise my lungs enough. So if you want to get back on vyvanse, try doing a cardio-intensive hobby and see how you go. Cardio is much better for adhd-brains as well when it comes to maintaining focus!
Vivance kills my appetite and makes me starve myself unintentionally.  EDIT: im on concerta now and it doesnt really do much of anything. It takes my already existing depression and anti social tendencies and amplifies them by 200%. Not a fan. I call it disconcerta.
That last point is huge. I wanted Strattera to work so badly that it took me throwing up at a dinner party to finally accept it wasn't the meds for me.
Bro meds r great tho
Couldn't stand any of the meds. It's all synthetic amphetamines.  Was medicated for 10 years. The day my mom told me I was old enough to decide for myself was the last day I medicated
I need that russian cow song 🎵 🐄🎻
task failed successfully subbed instead
In my mid 30s been diagnosed with ADHD when I was a child. Adderal was life changing for me.   I understand how adderal does not always work, but its literally turned my life around.   I love being able to focus when it's not a dopamine task
I actually want to thank you for your video on ADHD. It actually caused me to find out I had ADHD.
adhd is like having a 24/7 mini headache
Vyvanse felt to me like life's difficulty went from hard to normal. For me the first days gave me a headaches and dry mouth, but it goes away. Now If I go a few days without it it's like the world turns into chaos. I've been recommended to take them every day, even on days off. It make a difference even doing small chores. You think "I should probably do these dishes and pay this bill" and you can just go ahead and do it instead of agonizing over it for days. It's kind of weird to say this but after 15 years in the same job feeling like I was just buzzing around putting out fires I finally found what might be my professional calling. But it's true that you still have to steer your attention, and it helps a lot to build self-knowledge through counseling or whatever works for you. ADHD usually brings along other problems, like anxiety, depression, personality/emotional disorders etc. Especially if you were diagnosed as an adult.
Bro you describe adhd so well. Imma show this to anyone that asks me what adhd is
I have high functioning autism and something else been long time since I was diagnosed. I been on just about every antipsychotic under the sun. I felt  like a zombie on all anti-psychotic meds. They made so tired i would always fall asleep in school. So I stopped taking them,that was over a decade ago.
I was around 5 years old when diagnosed with autism. I was 9 when diagnosed with adhd. I’m 15 now. I started meds at 14 and I real hate it. My focus at school is fairly god I fidget sometimes but rarely. I hate the medication cuz it makes me feel tired and emotionless. It makes me talk less. I a few weeks ago didn’t take the pils for 7 days but got in trouble 😢
THIS IS WHAT WORKED FOR ME I AM TYPEING THIS IN ALL CAPS SO YOU WILL SEE IT methylphenidate it kicks in around 30 to 45 minutes and lets me focus for roughly 4 hours.  Very few side effects and i feel like i am at the right balance of focused but able to switch to the really important tasks.
I have Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder too
This video is a perfect accurated vision of how a adhd person thinks too much and continually, eternally and forever - a daily rollercoaster of emotions if not medicated, but ok with medications....
1:09 bro i couldnt stress enough how real this is
I'm on yvanse and the way you described hyperfocusing on one thing and not being able to switch, once that's been locked in has to be the most relatable thing I've ever seen. Never thought about it like that, so it was actually quite helpful.
He just like me🥹 HE JUST LIKE ME FOR REAALLLLL!!!          Ok seriously, i do have ADHD (i think i'm inattentive as well) and i use a medication called Methylphenidate. It's basically Ritalin. It does help, but i do feel like it isn't working as well as it used to. That being said i don't take it every day. only when i need to focus. I wonder if one can build up an immunity to Methylphenidate.
I have Neucon, which is similar to Concerta, and it works just fine for me. I also had to learn contributing behaviours because the medication doesn't kill the ADD, it only reduces the swing from max concentration to hyper-brain. The feeling of a unmedicated day is pretty unbearable, so I relate to the struggle. One thought turns into a flurry of reactions to that thought or you are just unable to think about anything else besides what you were already doing.
1:08 this part makes me think i MIGHT have ADHD Edit:i googled “signs of ADHD” AND I SO THINK I MIGHT HAVE ADHD
the upper downer roller coaster was my child hood from 8 to 16 in 6 month cycles, the issue for me is that the effects would stop happening... so I ended up on a lot of everything, uppers in the morning, downers at night, it was pill after pill. I am happy I got off them in later high school, but I am not going to lie. I am here and not writing or drawing... so yeah i have though about trying the medications again, but I really don't know
Fun fact: My mom did know i had ADHD but decided to never medicate or tell me and only recently (i turned 19 two months ago) i found out that my antidepressants (Zoloft) is also used for ADHD and thats why they especially choose it. I grew thinking that repeating the same comic book line for months and only eating the same 2 foods everyday was a normal thing as a 9 year old (i still do it till today but im trying to change it)
I'm autistic and have tons of trouble focusing on anything for long periods of time. It's really bad now that I'm taking classes. I can't focus on what's being taught until something in the lecture catches my attention than I have some deep question to ask. 😅😅
May I have a full version of that Cow Video... Oh wait I was supposed to watch your video 🤦
this is the only youtuber I'm willing to watch the sponsorship
But yeah you build resistance to it and then, it becomes less effective. It’s better to do it raw and through sheer will power train yourself to focus.
Absolutely do NOT stop long-term medication cold-turkey. Sometimes it's fine. Other times your body freaks out and you have to go to the ER. It depends on what you're taking but every person is different too so it's hard to predict which is why doctors will generally tell you to reduce the dosage gradually before stopping.
I currently take vyvanse and I relate to a lot of what you said about them except for the part where you said "if the meds make me really focused but focused on the wrong thing, they're not working" I belive that the medication is working just as it's supposed to, we just never built the habit of resisting certain things because before the medications certain temptations were practically impossible to resist. What a lot of people don't realize is there are certain things that are now possible with the medications BUT you still have to build the habit for it, which was impossible before. This leads people with adhd to believe that the medication is not working when in reality they just need to put the work in. I know many people with adhd get tired of people telling them to just work hard but with the medications that really is the answer. People with adhd are so used to things either being possible or impossible that once they start medicating they think the medications aren't working because they don't know what it feels like to have a normal range of difficulty and thus don't realize that's what they've unlocked with the medication. Put simply, the medications don't suddenly fix your focus or stop your never-ending train of thoughts, they just make what was previously impossible to learn possible but when you've only ever know that thing to be impossible, it's hard to know what to do next even when it is now possible
Mboi it just sounds like ur dose was WAY too high for vyvannse. Anyway, ozempec is a good none stimmy stand in for vyvannse. Give that a shot at a lower dose. For your refrence  30 is average 60 is above average 90 is holy FUCK
Ragarding the images communication app: may I point to the emoji App, that Tom Scott once wrote?
can someone summarize the video for me? i wasn't listening
Goddam that 8 trumpet bit is just so so right
It's been a year since this was posted! I could have sworn this was only posted a few months back
Been on Ritalin for a couple months now. And most of the time it's just much less task related paralysis. Which in turn frees up my brain a bit. Because there's not never ending list of chores that need to be done. That combined with avoiding apps that give me the capability to doom scroll, and other things that would help me avoid life, it's given me more energy to deal with anxiety and actually getting productive. Prime example: my temporary drivers license expired 10 years ago, it took me 2 weeks on meds to get it back. And 3 moments of getting behind the wheel to get to 70% of where i left off.
I have adhd and I got it BAD so I take the other stuff that’s like really hard to get and starts with Meth…I can’t spell it lol…but it helps with focus…kind of..but yeah 😅 I feel you on the meds part it’s weird
If Adderall is meth then Vyvanse is meth too. Your friend is a fuckhead. They're both Amphetamines.
anyone got a TLDR I got 1/3 the way through this before booting up a game.
I hope this helps someone the way its helped me. I take Methylphenidate (Ritalin) and I find it helpful to take it 30mins before I wake up. I set an alarm, take the pill, go back to sleep and then when i wake up its starting to kick in. It makes it easier start a task mid spike rather than switch tasks mid spike. Something as simple as sending a text or cooking a meal when it starts to kick in can through the plan off. But if you wake up with it already working in your system, you have no ongoing task to pry yourself away from.
I have adhd, and whenever i need to focus i listen to chaotic music, my brain tells me if its too much, gotta just feel the vibe, but it counter acts the chaos of adhd for me at least.
You got VERY lucky with vyvanse withdrawal. Its can get very VERY bad.
I'm here because I'm a doobus goobus fan and cus adhd
𝑰 𝒉𝒂𝒗𝒆 𝒂𝒅𝒉𝒅 𝒃𝒖𝒕 𝒊 𝒅𝒐𝒏𝒕 𝒕𝒂𝒌𝒆 𝒎𝒆𝒅𝒔 ...𝒔𝒐𝒐 𝒊𝒕𝒔 𝒄𝒓𝒂𝒛𝒛𝒚
ADHD is a wild ride sometimes people will treat you weird you act different and sometimes people will think you have autism because they are really close and normally teachers and other people will put something to scratch on for you it is cool to have it though for example people with ADHD will be more creative ( no offense to people with out it is a wild ride though) thank you for reading
I actually have ADHD I feel it I all so have it medicated but the good part is I am more creative than others like ice cream sandwich
I love your vids
About the thing with Adderall making it only easy to do physical tasks: an organization system really helped me with that part. One piece of paper for every project.
So here's the thing about the meds he took: Adderal is a racemic mixture of amphetamine including the R (dextroamphetamine) and S (Levo amphetamine) steroisomers. Like your hands these molecules are mirror images of one another without being super imposable. It's basically speed.  Both the S and R increase the release of dopamine.  They both also increase the release of norepinephrine or noradrenaline which makes you more alert and is typically released in high doses during stressful situations. Levoamphetamine (Cydrill) however releases 10-15 less dopamine compared with the same noradrenaline release in Dextroamphetamine. In other words, to achieve the same amount of dopamine release with levoamphetamine you will have to increase the noradrenaline release 10-15 times more than if you used dextroamphetamine.  Vyvance is is lisdextroamphetamin. It's a prodrug which in the body will become dextroamphetamine. It is what's called enantiomerically pure. There is only the R enantiomere in it and no S enantiomere.  If you want to try a medication that isn't amphetamine for ADHD consider methylphenidate. If I remember correctly research suggests that about 50 percent of people respond about equally well to both amphetamine and methylphenidate (Ritalin). Another 34 per cent responded preferentially to one or the other and 16 responded well to neither.  Research suggests it is better to start with methylphenidate in children and with amphetamine in adults. That maybe why he was put on Adderall first.  I just wanted to note there is a different drug that could very well help.
I wanted to finish the cow video…😢
I just got diagnosed with ADHD at 41 years old. I was taking 15mg of Adderall at first, but didn't feel much different. Now I just started taking 25mg and I totally feel that "ability to be able to" now. But I also have improved ability to focus (possibly too much at times, like you mentioned with the Vyvanse, but it hasn't been too disruptive so far). The one thing it hasn't helped is my short term memory issues. Gonna talk to my psychiatrist about it at my next appointment in a few days. ADHD is complicated! Plus I also have anxiety, depression and cptsd... yay... lol... Hoping with therapy and behavior training, I'll be able to get off all my newly started meds in a couple years, but we'll see.
Yeah the biggest problem wIth ADHD IS THE INTERNET.
Diagnosed at age 6 and promptly put on... Dun Dun DUUUUNN Ritalin until early college. Good for being able to focus on school work. Bad for feeling like a human. Pretty sure an Autism diagnosis was missed / misconstrued as "only" ADHD. Fun times! Been off meds for more than I was on them and would NEVER go back.
I'm on Adderall too, I do things, but I just do them. I don't get what our ADHD brains are deficient of, which is dopamine. Then I realized than stimulants are not the solution to the problem, but an extra tool in the toolbox.
I'm on ritalin for my ADHD personally, it sounds similar to both adderall and vivance described here like its a mix of the two, I can do the things but I have to make sure I'm focusing on the right thing when the meds kick in and there's no interruption. It probably saved a lot of my grades last year from being barely above not failing. I still have the constant train of thought, that train ain't stopping anytime soon, but at least I can do things and maintain focus on the things. Real story, first time I took ritalin and that day I decided to play Stardew Valley, normally I used to only manage 3 or so hours before my interest wore off. Suddenly that day I realised I'd been playing for 8 hours straight and I didn't even fucking notice.
I watched this before I got my medicated, now that I am it has been a big difference, from my understanding Adderall and vyvanse are basically the same thing, key difference is that vyvanse metabolizes into the drug, it needs to process it then it becomes the same drug as Adderall, making it hit slower and evenly. I never had Adderall but I switched to vyvanse from concerta, which is way more different to vyvanse than Adderall, its interesting to note how surreal it is and how the descriptions he made made a lot more sense after I was medicated myself, but also I get major differences, assumabley cuz nobody ever experiences the medication identically anyways, but also cuz I'm autistic
I have ADHD and autism i take 5 ance also with 2 others It does i fact help me focus but it aslo helps me calm down also
I don't even need alcohol to get drunk, I just turn off my masking 🙂‍↕️
I will say, the thing about ADHD medication is while it definitely helps with keeping on task and focusing, the whole executive function, it doesn't help with discipline. And discipline is also needed, and is what keeps you doing the right things, and forming good habits.  Unfortunately, discipline is also not a thing that can be medicated for, it's pure personal effort. Meds can help reveal the results of discipline, but nothing will just give it to you :/
I have inattentive adhd it's hard with no meds
Well damn I was hoping for a happy ending….. I can’t figure out how to focus on my tasks like you
this was perfect. thank you.
1:56 real talk 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Question: did Adderall work if you saw a bagillion emails, would you be able to sit down and read it and work through them, since they are, visible?  Thanks,
Uhm how to search for that cow?
Yeah i got adhd, was medicated with Ritalin when i was young, had a seizure like thing happen, been unmedicated ever since, its really not all that bad 😅
Permission to use that "how foolish of me" clip?
I take concerta and it works well for me! Maybe try that?
Idk who told you that vyvanse was more ''mellow'' it's a different version of the same drug as adderall. That doesn't mean it won't feel or work differently, but they are both made up of dexamphetamine. All I'm saying is that being scared of the idea of a ''drug' often gives people space to spread misinformation and lead you to try other things out of fear rather than, it actually being a good idea. Like in this case, you reacted poorly to a stimulant, for a healthcare provider to recommend another stimulant seems.... strange
What song is that in the beginning of the video
Yes. Also *meth in fancy writing*
Pleeeeaaaase stop making me relate to ADHD. I already have authism.
0:37 this scene is so funny
Something hit me as I realized that I watched the video + read the comments + played with my hair + walked around the room 💀🙏
So what im hearing is, im cooked
Try caffeine, basically gives you enough neuron activation for your brain to be able to "hit the brakes".
I was just given medication when I was 14 and it wasn’t regulated by a psychiatrist so I felt like shit for like 5 years until I finally stopped the meds that I was on, waited a few years until my adhd got really bad and I was failing classes, and then finally talked to my doctor and got a psychiatrist. First medication they put me on wasn’t a stimulant cause I was kinda scared to try stimulants again after they made me feel like shit so much. The non stimulant was terrible, didn’t help me focus at all and just made me exhausted after 4 hours. Talked to my psychiatrist and I just started concerta which is a stimulant and holy shit it was so life changing. First day I took it I went rock climbing and then did math hw for 9 straight hours I had never felt so focused on what I needed to do and I was actually able to learn. I’m hoping it stays like this but I think the most important thing you can do if you want to be medicated you should really get a psychiatrist and trial and error many different meds until you find what works best for you! Also don’t let people pressure you into being medicated or into not being medicated. I’ve had a friend who also has adhd tell me to just change things in my life and to not take medication but my adhd is so severe and I know I need to be medicated. Everyone is different just listen to yourself and find what’s best for you!
Imagine your brain talking facts right here😂
what’s the cow video at the beginning i need it :(
Cute animation
Tried ADHD meds a couple times. Never had any effect. Don't know if I just don't have ADHD, or if I'm just difficult to medicate.
I started with Concerta and that made me function normally - on a focus base. I had pushed things ahead of me for months, the first day I took Concerta I... just did it all. No distraction, no other thought, just "I need to do my taxes" and 2 hours later the taxes were filed. Unfortunately my heart does not like Concerta, which is why I am now  on Medikinet - appartently that's really similar to Concerta, but comes in far smaller doses. I use Medikinet 5mg in the morning of workdays and over the weekends I go unmedicated to give my heart a break. I would need at least 5 times the dose to achieve halfway normal function across most of the day, but this is what I got and it is SO much better than nothing. That has been working nicely for months now and the first PC game I am developing has become playable this morning. (Still very rough, but I was dancing - at 6'4 and 250+ pounds that would have been a sight if I didn't live alone).
The idea that adderal is “like meth” is that it’s an amphetamine the vast majority of focus meds are amphetamines including vyvanse
bro, maybe talk to your prbro, maybe talk to your professional to try Stavigile, this med really helps my ADHD brain to reach the hyper-focus on the right stuff, there are a couple of years that I have been taking it.
I tried triterra i think was the name, and that didnt work for me. It was supposed to be a slow burn medication but i never noticed a change and all it did was "screw up my plumbing" as i put it (no i shant elaborate)
There has to be a better way than legal meth
Dont get me started on habits and sleeping. Some people will say, coffee does not work on me. Then every morning theyll drink a cup of coffee, every afternoon drink coffee to fight feeling tired. Its normal to feel tired. Then guess what? youre up all night again and still didnt get any sleep. Trying to fight something as natural as, “being tired,” is like trying to tie the sun down because it is shining too bright too early. ITS NORMAL TO FEEL TIRED.    Drink decalf coffee if you like the taste, or drink half calf coffee. Very light coffee as well. This ties into what I said about trying to fight your natural “racing thoughts.”
People are so dellusional. You can be functional and have focus with ADHD. Like any mental illness, if you sleep, exercize, eat right and drink water… your symptoms are manageable. So many people are convinced that medications are the answer. If you sleep, (which can be difficult) on-time everyday, then you can manage.   One thing someone has with ADHD on their side is alot of energy. So you have more energy then the average person. Use it. Stop throwing the term dopamine out there like that is whats the problem with ADHD. Dopamine is a natural hormone. We may secrete more with ADHD, just the same as we may sweat more. Everything is in excess with someone with ADHD.   Theres also a difference between ADD and ADHD. It seems you were experiencing ADD, and not ADHD . ADD stands for attention deficet disorder. Its different in where hyperactivity is not involved . Hence the term ADHD, which stands for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.   Lumping in ADHD with the fact that you may be a heavy procrastinator is absurd. An issue like ADHD is manageable without medications and does not mean you procrastinate.   The only thing accurate about this video is the mind racing aspect. For racing minds you need to let it run its course. Fighting something that your body does naturally is horrible for it… especially your brain.
I had to take vivance as a kid and it worked but i literally could not eat I would take 2 bites and boom not hungry anymore it sucked
Adderall is NOT meth lmao it is a Amphetamine similar but also different in MANY ways.
Yeah those symptoms sound like you were low on zinc and magnesium. Adhd medication especially vyvanse depletes those. Take a daily vitamin and you should see those go away. Advice from a fellow vyvanse user.
Polish cow. 🐄
Vyvanse was great day 1 but 4 days in it didnt play nice with my sertraline so I stopped taking the vyvanse. Took two weeks to normalize
I am late diagnosed with it, went my whole childhood and young adulthood without anyone realizing my constant head in clouds, inability to focus or time manage wasn’t “normal”. But it was a unique experience all the same, and still is.   Medication certainly made life a lot easier for me to handle, and the only complaint I really have about adhd isn’t even the neurological condition itself, but the annoying people who feel the need to shame me for being on medication, rather than relying on their homeopathic solutions like meditation.   lol, it affects everyone differently and some people, regardless of sex, have more intense versions of the grab bag that is hyperactive, inattentive or mixed disorder. They just can’t imagine it away by sitting quietly and not thinking.
The first med unlocked house chores, the second unlocked OCD.
4:24 Kills me lmfao
Being medicated is huge for me.
I definitely understand what you mean I basically have to take meds for my adhd
I started medication but I forgot 😅 for like a week 😐and then I remembered and then went to school like normal but 30 minutes later I threw up so umm don’t forget or maybe my body didn’t want to take it either way I don’t take it anymore and honestly I feel better without it
Ive been on vyvvanse since i was 10 im 30 now
So my experience with ADHD meds has been unique (like I'm sure it is with everyone, but stay with me).  I have the inattentive type, but strangely my ability to focus wasn't my main issue. Sure, I have trouble focusing on things that I'm not 100% into, but there are things that I can spend all day doing and my mind doesn't wander.  Anyway, it's more like my brain is a bee hive. My thoughts are always super disorganized, I'll set something down and immediately forget where I put it, etc. I started taking Adderall XR about a month and a half ago and my mood and my ability to organize my thoughts has significantly improved. I still forget where I put stuff all the time, but retracing my steps has become so much easier, so when I do forget stuff it doesn't take as long to find it. My 90 day follow-up is in December and we'll either increase my dosage (which is already 40mg, so idk if that would be safe to do) or look at potential alternatives. Trouble is, i don't have insurance, so my meds are completely out of pocket (thank God for GoodRX), and from what I've been told, Vyvanse is crazy expensive, even with insurance, so who knows, maybe we'll try Ritalin🤷
i got an add for adhd meds before watching this-
I love you
I like calling it my prescription meth lol
I heard using timers for when you need to study or get things done actually helps well.
Is there anybody who regrets taking medication? I have just beeb diagnosed and i am reluctenedto be on medication
I Have ADHD and autism
My putr
My adhd meds made me not eat so i would starve myself lol
1:07 Sooooo on spot XD I explained to my mother how numbers work in my head and she was totally confused. x)
"You know stuff like that, so what was the solution....D R U G"
1:58 LOL IT'S LIKE CAPTIAN CURLY AND HIS CREW XD
Modafinil and armodafinil are supposed to be focusers also, and not in a "you can't control what youre hyper-focusing on" kind of way, more so in a controlled hyper-focus
Y'know what's crazy? Having to take lots of meds when you were younger and now being unmedicated and having no sense of self oncesoever!
I took my first adderall today, and I think my brain can't handle the sudden fluctuation of dopamine, cuz I was really, REALLY HYPER for 15 minutes. I walked back and forth in my room, ranted about the effects to my friends, and constantly drinking water. It wasn't until 15 minutes later that my brain "stabilizes". After that, my productivity level went up like I'm working 2 days before deadline, but without any adrenaline and guilt kicking my shit in, because I know the deadline is still pretty far away.  Also as an added bonus, I can finally told myself to put away my phone and ACTUALLY DID IT!  I only took about 10mg tho, so the effects only lasts about 6 hours, with an extra hour of residual effects.  Hoping for day 2 to work well.
Focalin gang rise up please
I went to watch this video which led to a 5 minute search around the internet looking for the german dancing cow song to add to my playlist…. I dont have ADHD (undiagnosed but suspected)   In other news, tried to get diagnosed they tood me it was my depression and anxiety. I have my psych and therpist suspecting AuDHD and no diagnosis and no way of getting one either. My life is in ruins due to unexplained symptoms of AuDHD.
"don't forget to unsubscribe.... WAIT-"
My adhd medication made me depressed for a few hours
3:54 is when the sponsor ends for the people who are still suffering.
i miss adderall sm... with the stupid national shortage they put me on ritalin instead and its good but not as goooodd waaahh BUT the explaination is totally so true
When i was a kid i was diagnosed with ADHD ans prescribed meds, but after some mama drama, she ended up taking me off it, and eventually denying that i really had it. Ive since graduated HS and college, but it was a stuggle all the way. Ive alwasy wondered what if my ADHD had been taken more seriously? I did get around to seeing a doc to see if i could be reevaluated, and maybe try meds to see if they help me function better, but he denied me, saying since i "had no problem getting through HS and college" there was no need. :/  ....
2:31 2:32 2:32 2:32 2:32 2:33 2:33 2:33 2:34 2:34
I was falsely diagnosed with ADHD for seven years and they had me on Adderall. just got off when I was 16, AFTER the doctor realized I didn’t have ADHD. I’m 18 and I still have no idea what that first doctor was thinking..
Ok now I shall first subscribe to unsubscribe...... Step 1 done!!! Now unsub-- wait there's a cow dancing on the street
I need meds.
My brain constantly sounds like 5 different YouTube videos playing at once and I'd kill to make it stop
I first watched this video quite when it launched. At the time I was diagnosed with ADHD for about an year, tried Ritalina (same as Concerta), and it didn’t do much just made me very awake for sometime than intensely tired when it wear off. Now I’m using the same substance as in venvanse and I feel I’m at the same point as you were at the beginning. Some days are really productive and some days I spend hours in mobile games and Instagram. It’s hard because I also have chronic depression, so each day is a surprise. And I’m unemployed 👍 I have some palpitations as you said, but nothing that worries me because I know it’s a collateral and I took heart tests before start taking it. I don’t know. At least I’m not sleepy all the time cuz it was a thing.
I still just love the brain you animated. Adorable.
the dopamine being dead in the corner just destroyed me :D  To me ADHD is 60% tired and 40% can't scramble my thoughts.
Does anyone else know what the English language of polish cow is?😢😢😢
Is it Covid l o l
What? Even if i already downloaded Temu?
I just wanna say I was watching this video with PEAK want to watch and I lost my self in me like 3 times. just ADHD problems.
I was over medicated as a youth but also didn't have the words to describe what was happening (Zombie Syndrome and a few other brain stuff), but nothing was physically wrong and I had good grades.  I want to college for a psychology degree, learned about my symptoms on accident (while also going cold turkey on the meds which can agree, bad idea do not do) and went back to my doctor who freaked out that I'd been experiencing that the whole time and now incorporates that knowledge when asking kids how they're feeling during the half year check-ins.  Now I usually just manage with tiny bits of caffein and a accountability buddy, where we both need to get tasks done and make sure the other is doing their tasks too.
This is why i like you cuz we cra cra
I think I might have ADHD, but I’m not sure just yet. 😅😮
got an adhd medication ad on this
ADHD diagnosed in adult life is not just neurodevelopmental disorder you can fix by talking meds and it will magically put you in the right path. When you are high functioning person with ADHD and you never knew that's the case, it usually means that during your course of life you learned to function certain way to compensate for the limits of your brain you didn't even fully understand. For the most part it's exhausting and shitty way to live, but it's the only thing you would know at the time and it helped you through school, your job etc. The meds will give you the ability to live differently and reprogram your shitty habits, but you still need to do figure out how to do it. It's like when you have poor eye sight and you finally get the glasses - they will allow you to see, but won't teach you how to read. First you need to find out the meds and the dose that make you feel content, reduce the noise, and help you focus and function with chill. Then you find the therapist that specialize in ADHD with courses including stuff like organizing and prioritizing tasks, avoiding procrastination, fighting the impulses. You need to learn how to function properly so you allocate your new cognitive resources where they are the most needed. Some people manage to sort their shit out so effectively they no longer need meds on the daily basis.
My adhd isn't a big issue... yet... However it would happen that when people are talking my brain would just say "ok so you are going to NOT understand that ONE word in that sentence." It's really annoying and I have to ask the person in front of me to repeat their statement multiple times.
Andy is the source of infinient out of contented clips.
Vyvanse lowest dose + weed my meds of choice.
1:46
I started taking medication about two years ago now and I didn't think it made much of a difference on my focus. But I can tell when I don't take them it makes a HUGEEEE difference for me.
Bro, when he listed out an unmediated day. That is actually how I feel everyday in college.
People used to act like im being lazy on purpose. When i try to explain i physically and mentally struggle doing it (cleaning my room for example) i get the same answer. “You arent trying hard enough” or “youre just convincing yourself that, when in reality its just excuses.” I was starting to think i WAS being lazy. But after days of learning about ADHD come to find out i STRUGGLE with it. I never knew how bad it was until i started watching videos of people explaining how it works. Going to the doctor only confirmed my suspicions. I love how accurate these videos are. Hopefully showing people these will make them understand I’m not doing it on purpose and i seriously do try.
ADHD in we, females is different. Recently I discovered I have it, and really high hiperactivity+impulsivity despite my calm and reserved nature. It wss suggested for me to search a therapist, because only meds without proper help when it comes to our natural behavior is... Though lol specially in my case, where my emotions are desregulated- but I often hide it(causing more anxiety and overwhelmed feelings internally)
I personally take a Methylphenidate and it works perfectly
i have adhd and its the exact opposite
Polish cow.
The ADHD meds you took use amphetamine as the active ingredient. Some people respond poorly to amphetamine medication in the form of constant hyperfocus, rather than having the ability to direct focus willfully with little effort. The really worrisome part is getting cardiovascular effects, like that fatigue, high blood pressure and accelerated heart rate.  You might need to consider a different kind of active ingredient, be it methylphenidate (Ritalin, Concerta, Focalin, Foquest, among others), or one of many non-stimulant compounds suitable for ADHD treatment (guanfacine, clonidine, atomoxetine, bupropion, viloxazine).   And thirdly, there's emphasizing non-medication options, with the caveat that applying these will take a lot more effort and may require some amount of support from others.
I recommend concerta! It’s helps me focus, get tasks done, sit down and work and pretty much function like a normal living being
Where can I get the cow video from the beginning?
Your friend looks like kurt cobain for some reason
It helped me and i recommend always listening to your doctor...
I tried to listen to the video, but the dancing cow kept appearing in my head
ive heard that adderall for some people is just meth.
i take atomoxtine
thats me
I have adhd aswell and the same thing happened! I took 7 ml of my medicine and now I'm taking 4 ml. When I take my meds I feel... Emo.
7:51 Done.
This video was made while he was on Vivan's
The cut to the dead dopamine guy BAHAHAHAHAHA
I take Vivian’s in the morning and around 2:45 it wears off and I then take dexanfetamine
No meds. Never. Being sensitive and interested in the stuff around in a distracting world is a sign of being alive and not of being ill. Lets change the world instead of ourselves to become productive zombie- slaves <3
I currently take adhd meds, only for nightmares now 🙃 i gave up on using it for adhd so now its just a adhd bonus when i do take it for nightmares haha
Create more story pla
I really must say this video helps a lot with my extreme adhd and I think I’ll do more research/ask my doctor on different meds I could take
As someone who is AuDHD, i loved hearing about this. I have also tried both Adderall and Vyvanse, and both worked for me, just in different ways. I, possibly unhealthily, really felt like Vyvanse worked for me and (this is the unhealthy part) liked how much of an appetite suppressant it was, even at a low dose. However, there was a biggums shortage and everything was backed up so I decided, lets switch to Adderall and hope that works. It did, just not the same way. My productivity increased, but my motivation didn't. I found myself completing more tasks but, yeah the whole sitting down and thinking really hit me and i hadn't thought about it like that until now. If anyone reading this takes something from it, nto all medications are going to work the same way for two different people. Even if you and another person think similarly (like a friend whose always on the same wavelength) your chemistry brain and body-wise will ultimately differ. If a medication doesn't feel right for you, please reach out to your doctor with your concerns and about what to do going forward.
To add to Ice's point about not waiting until it gets really bad: Don't just stick with the first psych you get if they are not the person for you!!  I recently got put on adderall and I tried to tell my psych that it just wasn't the medication for me while I was at work (side affects were too difficult to navigate while working overnight in a grocery store bakery) and this man was so... dismissive about it. Saying "oh you're taking this to help with work why would you not take it at work?" and basically being completely hands off with my care, even going as far as telling me to research my own medication before I even started on anything. I'll be trying to get a new psych soon after my appointment with him next week, but man.
I was prescribed vyvance during high school,  my emotions were so dull. It turned me into a zombie.
BRO I FORGOT TO DO SOMETHING WHILE WACHING THIS
Having friends around at work or at home doing things with me I don’t notice my ADHD causing as many problems. As soon as I’m alone to do anything at all it’s like constant Vietnam flashbacks of memes and shower thoughts that never ends lol. I guess the Dopamine was the friends we made along the way.
man you kinda lucky with the med stop, I stopped for three days and I end up puking my guts out. but this video is pretty accurate
Absolutely loving that dopamine was passed out in the brain 😂
Concerta here
Big Pharma doesn't want you to know this but, Methamphetamine is the cure to ADHD 🤫
Concerta pills made me hate myself
I become tired after meds
I HAVE ADHD AND CAN Silence MY MIND ANY TIME NO MEDS
mine works i dont remember what its name was but when i find out i will tell u its VERY good i wont work sooo well but it lets me foucus (as long as i have a thing on)
i got adhd medicine when i was a kid
i have adhd
This guy is awesome
I also have adhd but i am just naturally like the second med exept for the breath thing, i do have athsma though, so it is kind of like that
Your normal unmedicated day is litteraly my daily minecraft day 😭( 2:21 )
Try foculin
I wanna see the end of the cow thing :(
the start is like me when im on my laptop and my mom is talking to me
Very interesting way of describing this! It totally resonates with me
I use methylfenidaat and its a healthy middle of what was said in the video for me. However, side effects are definitely there which is why i don't take them every day
I use Vyvanse at the time of this post, so y e a h
i think this was a super relatable and informative skit on adhd meds. i had the same effects for both medications. ive been prescribed adderall for almost 10 years now, and Ive been on the max dose for about 7 years now. also adderall has high addictive properties, which could lead to increased intake and need to obtain more (abuse).
Hey let the guy at the start listen to the almighty polish cow:(
0:17 sadness is this little guy feels
even watching this video gets me distracted easily that i had to replay it 3 times(new subscriber btw)
*shows dopamine* “oh maw gwad”
i have adhd and the first thing i did was think about funny polish cow
i still have repetitive thoughts on if i have adhd or not cuz of other animators stories related to my own experiences with evreyday tasks and school
THE POLISH COW i cant lol🤣🤣🤣
Dexmethylphenidate
If your medicine makes you ill, don't take it Thanks, doc.
bro watching this feels so real XD
I got an adhd med ad before this
me and my brother have ADHD....🦊🦊
Vyvanse is also a stimulant like Adderall, it just works similarly to cocaine instead of meth. They're all drugs man. You either get over that fact or you choose CBT.
is that cow video actually on the internet??
Is there a way to get a full dancing cow video??
😂😂😂😂thank you so much. I needed this.
Great vid. The best thing the meds did for me was lay bare the difference between Exective Dysfunction and Procrastination. Huge. One thing though; Vyvanse doesn't rely on a built-up blood level over time like SSRIs do, so not taking or stopping unexpectedly it isn't going to have adverse effects like you might expect. that bit about "ability" is spot on though. To me, the medication strips away that invisible barrier of "CBF" and replaces it with "psssh that'll only take a second"
This is like having super power. Having the power to focus on things
imagine how long it took him to make this video once he cant focus
Hey , great representation of what it's like to have ADHD, just wanna clarify, if Adderall is like taking meth....Vyvanse is just taking Adderall that you have  cook first. Your body converts Vyvanse into Adderall which takes time so that's why it's a "slower burn"!   K bye
I suggest meditation.  Meditation is a way of life and in my day when I get distracted by bad thoughts.  I tell myself it's not helpful right now. Focus on what I need to get done and do it.  Yes, I'm sad Yes, it hurts Yes, It's depressing  Yes, ... Task... Compleat.  Try thinking about what allows you to be entertained but not distracted and keep working in an area that makes them difficult.  Take your tablet out on a hike. Get a teammate to talk to. It sounds like you are probably bored and in need of stimulus, I wouldn't blame your brain for desperately trying to find something not boaring.   If I just did this one thing, it would get done.  Maybe we need to want something too much before we can do it.   There are many flaws and holes. Watch your step, brother. Maybe the floor is the problem, maybe the solution is in the hole? Maybe your problem is showing you a solution.    Water follows the path of least resistance.  Life finds a way.  Make sure to always study, learn, and better understand yourself.  I believe there are no wrong answers, only your truth.
Man I’ve had to take adhd meds since I was like 3 or 4 (im 15 now) and it’s still not burned into my brain in the morning to take it i a Still always forget 😩
(Sorta long rant about my adhd and finding the right meds)   Ive had adhd for a while too and when my parents figured that out, they were trying to help me find the right focus meds And the process was… interesting, the first meds worked but a side effect of it was I was so fidgety that I pulled out my eyelashes with my free hand while writing (got a squishy cupcake for that but I picked at it and ripped it up), second meds made me have the closest thing to a panic attack I’ve ever felt almost every night, I felt so anxious for no reason and thought I was dying(i wasn’t but I felt like I was) and at some point, my mom came out and talked to me and I told her I felt like stabbing myself (not a self harm thought, never had those thoughts before but idk what kind of thought it was…) I didn’t tho, I’m fine, and after a while we finally found meds that actually work and have no crazy side effects other then a mild headache when I forget to take them!☺️
my (stimulant) meds were the woorrsst for me personally, ive tried adderal and vyvanse and it fucked up my energy so bad, id have like two bumps of energy in the day and crash SO hard otherwise, and it made me soo irritable throughout the day. now im on guafacine and its less of a focus helper but still works
I thought this vid was made 4 years ago
The bit with the trumpets made me laugh so hard I cried. I'm finishing up my third degree and it's SO RELATABLE. Also what's the song in the beginning?
I take biphentin. maybe you could try it?
Me thinking I have adhd now 😭
i have add (adhd) and ptsd and i take pills (medikinet retard 30mg) its also known as ritalin i take it to school if anyone cares
Omg!!!! This is totally me. Also watching this video at work when I have a lot of stuff to do. And I just want to play video games and nap.
I think ADHD is b.s. pushed by big pharma to sell adderall. ADHD "symptoms" are normal for everyone. Its like "if you aren't a super productive, high IQ performer then you have ADHD"... Complete nonsense. Psych drugs royally F'ed up my mental health, physical health, and life. I booked a psychiatrist because I was sad about my life circumstances of which I convinced myself I was "depressed". I go on Nardil, and it induces a never before seen in 35 years full blown mania in me. Then because of the adverse effects of Nardil, they diagnose me with bipolar. Then I go on other drugs that screw up my memory, and of course I convinced myself now that I was bipolar and depressed. Then I had to switch psychiatrist, and the new one says I have ADHD. Then I get addicted to the adderall, and next thing I know, I am prescribed 60mg daily of instant release adderall. Then I go into a drug induced psychosis for three years, become homeless, get arrested, get hospitalized, lose jobs, and my whole life is completely destroyed and irrecoverable due to my new criminal record. All this happened because I sought help from doctors I thought I could trust, but all that happened was my life was permanently ruined. Now I finally have a clarity I have not experienced in many years, but it is too late. The damage is done.
Can someone please tell me why Anthony Starr needs cash so badly that he’s doing that weird phone game ad that’s had like 4 name changes this month?
Isn't ADHD an excuse to a un-diciplined mind? or is that just me? Most but some Videos talk about not being able to focus and its that problem that I found out amongst other YouTubers, Meditate could be a solution to most but all adhd'ers with their conditioning but again take it with a grain of salt.
Ok long story so sit tight and enjoy the ride. So I’m 5 and in an observation/play room at like a redneck psych(idk how else to explain it) and I heard a motorcycle outside. There’s a window at like 7-8 feet up so, I start trying to build a stool out of everything in the room to get up to the window to see it. Which at the time I was like 2-3’ tall and yeah. It still wasn’t enough, so I started to try and KICK HOLES IN THE WALL to get up there. Yeah, not really my brightest moment but 5ur old ADHD brain is like two brain cells fighting for third place. And it was found I had ODD(oppositional defiant disorder). It’s a WICKED combo and at like 5-11 or 12 I was hell on wheels until I found Ritalin(THROUGH MY PSYCH). It worked perfectly until a year ago. I was at the max dose and it was just beginning to fall off a cliff. So I talked and decided on Azstaris. I began over Christmas break last year and MAN IT WAS JUST PERFECT it’s right in the sweet spot. Mind you I’m 14 now. And that’s my story.
1:08 my brain everyday
1:50
I hav  autism
thanks to get me laughing while ich thought about how your ad will be 😂
Trust me, Andy Focalin is so much better than the others because it pretty much just does what Adderall and most other ones do without the hyperfocus side effect
I like to explain ADHD like when your in a gc with a lot of people and everyone is having a side conversation along with the main conversation and now the text messages start to overlap yours trying to reach the person you're talking to. It sounds easy until someone else's conversation distracts you from yours and suddenly we went from talking about math to what race a calico cat would be if it was human -
During my experience with medicating my ADHD I found it good at first too. I don't remember when I started to take it but I do know when I stopped it changed everything. I was taking Concerta (no I don't know the dosage because it was 14 years ago to this date). I had stopped taking it because it was summer. No more school, but when I went back onto it things started to happen. I lost my appetite, my eagerness, even my creativity and motivation. When I think about it I was different off the mess too. Now my dad said I've been a picky eater but being an 8 years old kid and refusing a slice of pizza was more than enough proof for me. So my dad continues to say I heard it from the side effects the doctor was telling him and thought I was trying to stop taking them until finally we stopped. I regained my appetite... somewhat, my energy was going max overload, and my imagination ran wild far more then ever. It felt like my brain could do 10 things at once but I couldn't focus on any task given to me anymore. Grades fell resulting in me repeating the second grade. I worked hard to focus but every little thing distracted me but that hard work paid off in the end. I still have trouble focusing (I don't think that will ever go away) but I can now control on one thing to work on now. It was a hard up and down hill and struggled desperately so I could get averages of B's and C's. I can now drive too just gotta work on paying more attention on my surroundings. All I'm saying is that if you feel weird after taking meds please consult your doctor. Do not let it wait. Sorry for the long comment. Just wanted to share my experience
Fun fact I have ADHD and I can't control it
Why do u kindaaa sound like pghlfilms
Can I get a link to that cow video
I take a gazillion drugs for a few different purposes, but im a special case, my situation is the same, and different at the same time. I also take vyvance, for school(me in hard school so me need take it to get gooder), and it's kinda how you explained it, but as I said, im a special case, so i can just, switch? What im focusing on and get it done, like i finished a 3 page essay in like 10 minutes. I also have very high ADHD, and the plus for me i can control what i focus on, and know that shtuff out of the park
If the people that have ADHD Reply.
why did this year old video just randomly pop up on my page when i just got meds again for the first time in months lmao
just came for the cow
vyvance is best
2:07 Saving the remember the name of the medication
I have undiagnosed ADHD, knowing because my nephew is diagnosed, and everytime I get angry at his hyperactivity, my mom says I was way worse than him as a kid. According to her, I had a terrible sense of attention, could never be quiet or still, I was always mumbling all alone around the house and was crazy creative about my toys and creating stories with them. As I grew up, I slowly became more introvert, quiet and lonely, could say I even developed some sort of social anxiety as a teenager, but as an actual adult, I'm getting way better in this.  I would say, in MY experience, I consider my creativity an advantage, as I want to become a writter and been creating whole new worlds throughout my entire life, but one thing is imagining, another is to put it on words, and that's where I get totally lost. In my country, we got free healthcare so I can get a psychologist and meds provided from it, but the process to get one is way too slow and frustrating, so I'm hoping on get a job soon to pay for a particular professional.  Wishing lucky to your jorney and to get better everyday! Hope to get in there soon.
earned a new subscriber because ye
YES I struggled with getting the right meds for a while, heck one made my appetite like so low my mom was worried about my weight. Btw there are also more holistic options instead of meds that id encourage you to try, if your interested I can give a list of stuff (its all over the counter stuff so don't worry im not gonna recommend some crazy stuff) if you want. Ive been taking the methylphenidate stuff but in a different form and its been working good for me, I hope you find a medication that fits you, also warning publicly there are people who are like "but you taking meth adhd meds are bad and you shouldn't have them mememem!" and while its good to be cautious and I can appreciate those people worrying, its not meth meth, its just has a similar chemical structure but they are different things plus one is made in a nice clean lab and the other is made by who the heck even knows. And I recommend never drinking coffee while on most adhd meds its adding a stimulant onto another stimulant, I made that dumb choice the other day and had an anxiety attack
6m what
boy😂i laughed  so hard when meds enter and sees the dopamine
Do I have 80 hd tv. Nope. Did I watch this anyways cause I’m bored. Yes
0:00  I'm more interested in the Polish cow
Does everyone else know exactly as many words or Polish as exist in Gdzie Jest Biawy węgorz or...
hey i have a question. I apologize for my english skills, im not a native speacker :).. im am not diagnosed but i have clearly symphtoms. Hyperfocus, procrastination, never ending thought and and and. But something i wonder is milion voices at the same time. I have one thought and die other is destracting the main thought and than comes the next one. Thy are difrent thought but not at the same time. Is this also typical of ADHD or am I just imagining it?
Polish cow 🧎🧎🧎
I was searching how to change a password and i ended on this video. incredible.
I have ADHD too
I'm sorry but like what is that song with the cow?? It sounds so good and I can't find it anywhere 😭😭
The cow was awesome, thank you
Unfortunately when you first start taking meds you’re essentially forced into having to re learn a part of life. Normal people still aren’t productive every day and the ones that are had to learn to be productive and focused through hard work. ADHD meds just make it so that someone with ADHD can now TRY to make new habits to stay disciplined in life, its still requires hard work and it wont just come naturally just like every other person.
I feel like in a way, we all have ADHD lol. I'm a writer, and sometimes my thoughts get mixed up and overlapped like you mentioned. But instead with random things, it mixes reality with my fictional world and confuses things. Love your animations!!
I can relate to it being really hard to focus with ADHD. Now, take my opinion lightly because I don’t know if I actually have adhd, and I’m not on meds. But besides that, right now I’m in middle school and we use a program called “I-Ready” it’s basically a path of lessons for you to take throughout the year, those lessons are decided by how well you do in a diagnostic, I didn’t get to finish this in class so I had to do it on the weekend at home, and I was 70 percent done,  but the diagnostic doesn’t make do 100 percent of questions, it stops when it determined your score, and I sat down for an HOUR doing ONE QUESTION, I ended up getting a good score, so I can actually think and answer question, it’s not like I’m not smart, I really am. I just can’t do certain tasks at certain time frames.
0:28 “quickly it became stinky inky bad” 😭😂
The medication doesn't stop your ADHD. It helps you focus... the rest is on you on what you do with that focus.
My brain is legitimately so wild all the time that any medication I take for ADHD makes me sleepy. Is… is that something I should look into?
How about if you take some Adderall and then some Vyvanse?
i used to take ritalin when i was younger, sience then i stopped cause i felt really down when i took them, one almost felt inclosed in a bubble
Thumbs up for Polish cow song 🐄
Also it's not dangerous to just stop taking Vyvanse. I've been using it all my life and have multiple times gone from daily use for years to not using it for months multiple times.
Vyvanse is the same amphetamine base as Adderall.
My brother is autistic
Vyvanse is anything but mellow
Concerta worked well for me, but medication is different for everyone. Hope you're finding success in whatever you're choosing to do.
Yeah, but like Cognitive Behavioural Therapy?
OKLE OMY AAH CLAMO SANE CLAMO DONY CON DOODAAY COW
I recommend retalin
I just paused the video to watch the Polish cow. Thank you.
bruh the trumpet thing killed me
My friend from school recently told me she ran out of her ADHD meds in a few days later she said she got em back and I noticed no difference😊
My psych started me on Vyvanse, which made me very depressed, only I didn't realize it.  Fortunately, my psych DID recognize it, and eventually convinced me to switch to dextroamphetamine-amphetamine salts.  Which is the generic of adderall, but it's important because sometimes generics have different formulas, and that matters.  Either way, it works much better for me.  I'm still working on training my brain, and I have some new things cropping up that might need addressing, but overall, it's decent.
i have ADHD and i have no medications, no nothing, my brain is just… messed up hey hey hey like am i right?
This is actually a very entertaining video!!
Well ADHD for me was diagnosed when i was born and my mother didnt tell me that i was diganosed until when i was 15. I was never under meds and she told me that the meds were like drugs they dont help you. I am a music producer and a trying to make music that does very Scary Sounds. My brain will be like your doing it doing it. Oh no ur not deletes the entire sound and does it over and over again. I do have to say though ADHD at certain parts ur more focused than anything at some point. At this point i just embrace it and not let it bother me
1:19 I was just listening to these thoughts realizing how side tracked I was until u said “guys”
Please someone tell me the cow song in the beginning it sounds serbian to me😭
I should show this vid to my friends to let them understand what I have to go through to just focus on a task, they never understand and they never listen don’t they
alright guys about the last part of the video, I'm super glad he made a huge disclaimer about how you're never supposed to go cold turkey on your meds, and even more glad that he didn't get effects from doing it, but as someone who's been through this twice I think y'all need to know how bad it can get  been switching between several different types of antidepressants for the better part of 5 years now, however a failed attempt to slowly taper off them about a year and a half ago led to symptoms returning. now getting back into a different med type brought on side effects that scared me, mostly constant sensation of feeling hot and lethargic, so I didn't wait and cut them off  what happened over the next several months can only be described as torture: the first and most intense symptom was hypersensitivity - EVERYTHING felt like too much, every touch, every sound, every light, it all felt so uncomfortably... icky. then headaches, dizziness, nausea, irritability/aggression, lucid dreaming and nightmares, "brain zaps" that felt like electricity shocking your head and arms, hot flashes, burning sensation in hands and feet, uncomfortable tickling sensation in my legs, and probably the worst of all - an awful burning type of "wave" that passes through your body, mostly along the spine (if you've ever been on the brink of a panic attack and/or passing out it feels EXACTLY like that except nothing happens, it only keeps building up without a release). every online resource told me the feelings should disappear after a couple of weeks, but they only got worse, and a month later my nerves felt so burnt out that even sleeping couldn't help, I was useless, and nobody could help me because physically my body was perfectly fine and no fault could be found  the only remedy to this was to return to my medication and readjust my nervous system, which in itself took at least a month until I could safely say it made a difference. it's been over a year since this all happened and I still feel occasional symptoms on random days so there's no telling if it'll ever go away completely  be careful, y'all, and never go cold turkey
Indeed you might benefit from non-stimulant meds: they work differently but they might also give you side effects. The dose you take must be adjusted, you might need to take it on some days not others, you might also explore other meds which help in combination: my son takes Vyvanse and  Guangacine: vivance will increase your blood pressure and he’s already got an elevated bp so guanfacine is not only able to lower the bp but also tunes some of his emotional regulation. I too have taken guanfacine at times and it helps with that balance between focus and do the right thing.
i got my perfect meds on the first try!!!
So, I found out I have ADHD yesterday at 13 big surprise, right bruh? No wonder my parents scream at me every time I forget something. truthfally I can't stand ADHD; it’s made my life a total mess. I try to study and work, but I just end up average, and apparently, average is a no-go according to my parents. Now that I know what’s up, I guess I’m supposed to fix it with meds starting tomorrow. Great, just what I need......no more excuses for my grades! If I get an average grade, I'm totally doomed..............ugh, school is the worst, and my ADHD just makes it all a million times harder.  Thank you for the explanation; I could relate to everything you said.
peak unmedicated adhd is starting the video and at its conclusion realizing that i haven't even been watching
Getting distracted to think about what he’s saying and pausing the video multiple times to do so because of my distracting thoughts is really hammering in how much this pertains to me
And then I saw this video in kursegast. It says u shouldn't rely on medication too much. 🤔
I love having ADHD but it's also a nightmare in a way. It's amazing to have a creative imagination, but when you're trying to take a test, study, listen to something or someone important, it's not fun. Adderall is good, but can have it's drawbacks of course
but... like... what now???????
Worst of all my ADHD meds barely work like I am taking the pills the better ones and it barely works but it’s at least just enough to get something done
I have the ADHD that makes me focus so much that it would take me forever just to get one thing done but halfway through my brain just makes up this imaginary world and that makes it five times harder edit:I just focus so much that I stop focusing that is the type of ADHD that I have
ADHD---- IT JUST WHY..... AND I SPIN IN ⭕S TALKING TO MYSELF any one do that?
Not a doctor, but if a medicine is making you have trouble breathing it’s probably always a good idea to stop taking it even if it’s suddenly.   Unless it’s a medicine to make sure your heart or kidney doesn’t instantly fail or something, then ask your doctor first
I go get meds prescribed at the end of this month and cant wait. Even while watching this video my attention went WAY off multiple times just by hearing some random word.
Started on Concerta, but I had to keep taking higher doses. Switched to Attentra 80 which is atomoxetine, and it works without giving me hyper focus but some of the side effects are hitting me hard
I take dexamfetymine and it is like a bit of adderall and that other stuff you said but but without the symptoms so starting on a task without getting distracted easily and being able to focus good while doing it. And don’t take advise from me but I just wanted to say what I take and the effects and btw the only symptoms of taking this is you get a little less hungry and just sort of ignore hunger feeling
Adderall does the same for me, but vyvanse made me super suicidal so it’s staying on the physical tasks for me
i am watching this video while i opened my laptop to learn NodeJs🤦‍♂
0:47 In today’s video cartoon man says drug
0:25 xD me clicking off the video to find the cow song
it's illegal to be this relatable
0:01 polish music yay
I also have that inattentive type of ADHD. When I'm sitting around trying to do things I should do, I easily find another thousand things that could be done quicker and easier. But then I suddenly shut down and I end up doing nothing. Just watching some stupid videos to distract me from being distracted. Due to my additional sickness called 'MUTISM' it always seemed like I was lazy, inattentive, very very very quiet and stupid. So my brain yells at me Like Eminem turning into Will Ramos rapping... multiplied by 10 all at the same time. But I sit there like a boulder staring into the void. Then I got my meds... And I wasn't staring into the void anymore. My eyes created black holes. My mind was a black hole. No voices. And also barely any food. I ate too little in that time. I had even less attention. I think my teachers always hated me... So that thing that should've made me better in school made my situation even worse.  And I also got bullied in that time. So depression was also a thing (it still is). All at the age of 8 years. At 10 years I stopped the medication. At least I got rid of one problem. And I could eat again XD
Dude I was on 50 mg of Vyvanse for like 5 years and I was wondering why I couldn’t experience human emotions anymore. Not that Vyvanse can’t work for people, just not for me. Pay attention to how your meds are treating you.
I have ADHD and relate to this so much. Also I use Vyvanse but you don’t need to. Use the one recommended to you by your doctor
The best method I’ve come up with for describing ADHD is I reach the same conclusions you do I just make 7 billion different detours
What's the TLDR version?  What are the highlights?   I don't have the attention span to watch an 8 minute video.
I love the choice of meme at the beginning of this video because the song is actually about drug addiction.
i literally stopped working on my game to watch this video
I was on 60mg Ritalin and it only made me not want to eat whenever i took them wasn't even worth taking the only thing that slowed my brain down and let me focus on what i wanted to instead of literally everything and i could finally fall asleep in a reasonable time was weed if you are struggling and meds aren't helping you should look in to medical weed
Vyvanse isn't any less meth than adderall. It's just missing the levoamphetamine that adderall has in it. Which is the part of adderall that makes people hyper for the most part
I live in Australia and getting tested for ADHD is suuuuuper hard, especially if your afab - I've been refused referrals from three doctors just because of that. Anyways, a male friend of mine gave me some of his dexies and for an entire week, I finally knew how it felt to be able to just... do things without struggling. Without meds, my brain feels like car that keep pulling off track. I have to fight the steering wheel to make it drive straight. On the meds? I can control the car better. It doesn't veer off track as easily and it's so much easier to steer it correctly. I miss that a lot.
Unsuscribed 👍
I tried to watch this video but about halfway through I realized I had stopped paying attention.
🧠<- This thing never shuts up. Ever.
As someone who was diagnosed at 10… that was it thank you.
minute 1:55 the pill: have you guys done any work at all? who´s in charge? brain self 2: *points at a corner* pill: *turn to the corner to see a dead af dopamine* oh my god
1:45 my favorite part
i’m watching this while scrolling on instagram while doing homework hmmmm
Honestly I have no idea what I have besides severe anxiety and being forgetful.   If I'm at work I can focus on a task with no issues whatsoever but if I'm at home and just trying to pick a movie to watch I can't do it. I have had far too many occasions where I know I want to watch or do something but mentally my brain also doesn't want to do it. It's like I literally have to force myself just to do the things I enjoy. Sometimes my anxiety makes this even worse and I wind up wasting hours just trying to choose something to do. It's really frustrating especially if when I get so stressed I start holding my breath without realizing it.   Not like this is important to anyone but either way I hope everyone is doing alright.
That song with the cow is about drugs 😝 very cheeky to sneak it in to a video about drugs lol
2:23, you: oh, I gotta to do A, your brain: u gotta do B first, you: ok *forgets A*
0:36, woah! dancing caterpillar!
Adderall and Vyvanse are both Dextroamphetamine. Only difference is Vyvanse has a Lysine amino acid attached for time release.
Dude, I don’t take any meds and I have some real ADHD. It’s actually easy to live a life, but you have to train your brain with such determination and for a long amount of time. It really gets easier when you get older, but I’m still a little impulsive and weird
Not the Polish cow :(
Bro I opened like 5 different apps and started doing like 3 different tasks while watching this video that u had to watch it like 3 times😭
I have ADHD too😊
Atomoxetine is a nonestimulant that migth work for your case
i think i have adhd but i dont know
I like concerta
I personally preferred Vyvanse over Adderall XR. But since moving from the US to Ireland they have "Tyvense" here which I feel hasn't really done much tbh
Like I honestly wish I could get meds. I haven't had them since I was 18. I took them from when I was seven to 18 11 years from 18 to 34 i haven't been able to get them.
After 2 years struggling in medschool without knowing i had ADHD, and almost beating me into studying, i can tell that when my neurologist started me on Lisdexanfetamin (venvanse) i became a studying machine. Going 6 to 8 sometimes 10 hours a day studying without stopping. I trully felt like a god. lol
You make adhd with meds seem like train autism
damn i supposed to be in other video where someone can teach me about Mechanics of Deformable bodies but my adhd activate and here i am in my idknth video about adhd
couldnt even finish the whole videow without opening another tab and scrolling through twitch
Hyper focusing on the wrong task is just ADHD. Getting the right medication at the right dosage is actually quite tricky.
Im on the same thing he was on too and I would describe the burn out as more of limitlessing where ur so focused on literally everything that can be focused on but being so overwhelmed that u can’t do anything or as I term it “zombieing out”
Ngl meds make adhd worse for me
I’m a lil scared but considering going on meds for my adhd because I have no stability in my life😭
That's the biggest thing my psych told me: if the benefits outweigh the side effects, great! If not, let's reevaluate.  For me, Adderall feels like I'm just not overwhelmed by all my tasks. Instead of being paralyzed, I can just.... do one. It's really nice.
I've just been diagnosed and is about to start treatment. And that opening with the polish cow song. Story of my life. It's what my brain does every time people are trying to have a conversation with me...
This is the most relatable video I’ve ever seen
I take the highest level of medication and my brain still doesn't shut up ever. I agree that I can do anything except for anything that I really really need to do. Still can't do paperwork or actually organizing anything in my house.  I am tons of piles or bags of unfinished projects,  i love to buy stuff that I will need to help out with organizing the mess, and I started to actually get started on my clothes when I lost my eldest son unexpectedly at 27, and then that went out the window.  Then 2 years later I finally felt like I was getting my shit together again and then the day before Mother's Day i lost my boyfriend of 18 year's  complete unexpectedly and I was the one who found him in our room on the floor next to our bed. So at first I was angry and looking for answers and I was tearing through the piles of clothes and stuff,  but it lasted about a month and now I just can't go into the room.  Even though I know that i have to remove the whole rug because of mold.  But in order to do that I have to move everything out of that room,  so that means I have to move around the living room and to do that I need to organizing the kitchen and I really need to get my youngest sons room under control caz he had a growing spurt and hes taller than me and he is in 5th grade so now that his Dad is gone we can get rid of all the baby toys that his father didn't want to part with but now that he is gone do i feel ok about tossing out the first and last things that his father got him, he might not want them now but someday he might feel like he made a wrong decision....... don't even get me started about the porch and his tools, or his truck that I still haven't been able to go through and clean out.
not a single comment about that song with the cow in the beginning :( A TO POLSKA KROWA Z GRAJĄCYM CYPISEM W TLE, POLAAAAND xD
I know this video is old but personally I’ve been handling my ADHD really well on a lose dose of Wellbutrin! It took some getting used to but it definitely helps with the “ability to be able to” and I also no longer experience that horrible feeling of “oh my god I’m the worst at Being a Person because I failed to do this task I must be so lazy what is wrong with me.” Tasks ‘cost’ a lot less and life is just way more manageable.
Vyvanse is even methier than Adderall
Do you guys ever think about why we keep spinning and does the earth get dizzy
My ADHD meds made me tired and depressed so I stopped taking them. Also anyone else ever go to a resource teacher to ask about getting an IEP for your ADHD and they say that "your grades show that you don't need one" even though you know that you do? Or is it just me?
That's the same thing with MDD but the sad version
the first time being medicated on adhd meds, my doc asked me how it was going and i happy cried. Its as if all of the static just.....stopped. I could think clearly and focus on the topics I wanted to learn about
I take guanfacine which is generic Intuniv, and it lets me do a mix of both! It lets me focus for the most part but i can equally physically do tasks! And a plus is it does not act as microdoses of meth
xdd why you choosed to put the polish cow at the start of the videoo i started the video and instantly went to search the polish cow song because i like iit. fact the polish cow song is about bad things. but  i dont care i dont understand the lyrics xd
The first medicine I tried it made me feel like my brain was in a vacuum chamber all day, and I had to increase the dosage every two days to see which dosage helped the most… my psychiatrist said to keep going and that i was probably just sick. THAT WAS NOT THE CASE, and I ended up feeling pain all over my body like a level 8 period cramp. 😂  The second medication I tried it made me have a panic attack the first day, but once again my psychiatrist told me that was normal and it would get better as my body got used to it, I’ve been using that medication for up to a year now but the only thing it does for me is help me do tasks better, but my mind is still unfocused. I’ve also found myself being more depressed and stressed, and I’ve lost weight because of it. But my psychiatrist said that since it’s working there’s no point in changing anything.  WHELP 🥲
The hardest part about adhd is that only adhd people can relate.  It’s not something you can even imagine as a neurotypical.   Like when I told my mom I was constantly thinking about something else she told me « so just stop and focus »  AND IT WORKED 😮 (Actually not 🙃, I got diagnosed adhd)
To be honest it's impressive that you were able to focus long enough to make a cool video like this. Wish i could do that... TELL ME YOUR SECRETS 😏
The first medicine I tried it made me feel like my brain was in a vacuum chamber all day, and I had to increase the dosage every two days to see which dosage helped the most… my psychiatrist said to keep going and that i was probably just sick. THAT WAS NOT THE CASE, and I ended up feeling pain all over my body like a level 8 period cramp. 😂  The second medication I tried it made me have a panic attack the first day, but once again my psychiatrist told me that was normal and it would get better as my body got used to it, I’ve been using that medication for up to a year now but the only thing it does for me is help me do tasks better, but my mind is still unfocused. I’ve also found myself being more depressed and stressed, and I’ve lost weight because of it. But my psychiatrist said that since it’s working there’s no point in changing anything.  WHELP 🥲
fr adhd sucks
Honestly, my meds just really helped me regulate my emotions. I work in the operating room and when I first started (unmedicated) the stress of the job made me cry every single day. I would even tilt my head so the tears would drip into my mask and the surgeon wouldn’t notice. Now, I feel less stress due to the fact that I can regulate my head a little more. Cheers to adderall xr! 🎉😊
Honestly, my meds just really helped me regulate my emotions. I work in the operating room and when I first started (unmedicated) the stress of the job made me cry every single day. I would even tilt my head so the tears would drip into my mask and the surgeon wouldn’t notice. Now, I feel less stress due to the fact that I can regulate my head a little more. Cheers to adderall xr! 🎉😊
i got diagnosed with adhd as a young lad, and i was this medication and that medication, didnt work. but weed truly helps me (i have my medical card). remember! WEED ISNT FOR EVERYONE!
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
speaking of adhd. i have just found out at the time of watching this video that i can wear 1 earbud AND my headphones so i can watch this video and stuff on my phone at the same time. life changing
1:25 Yes
Highly recommend you binge the YT channel "How to ADHD". Her strategies helped me embrace my ADHD brain and work smarter NOT harder. (There are some things ADHD medication can't teach you)
Question: How often did you eat before taking your meds? I had the same effects when I took Vyvanse until I realized all my worst days I was taking them on an empty stomach. I now always have a snack before taking them every day and haven't had an issue since.
I never understood i had adhd and the affects it had on me, because thats all you know from birth, if your scared to be 'tested' or diagnosed dont worry! Youve had it your hole life so what does understanding your mind and brain change?! Nothing! if anything it can help with getting medicated and might be a very good thing to understand yourself
I used Concerta but now I'm off of meds
"I'm gonna click on this" "The f**k you ARE!" *SLAP*
I forgot to unsubscribe.... Until we meet again....
1:03 cow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GCng7cjJ7M&pp=ygUaZ2R6aWUgamVzdCBiaWHFgnkgd8SZZ29yeiA%3D  Had to find the song
"Waah. I have mental health. Waaah. I have adhd. Waaah. I have anxiety and depression." 99.9% of are liars doing this because it's trendy, or you're sympathy farming. You're taking away help from people who actually need it.  *Suck it.*
maybe minoxidil taken strategically? (Think it's a max of 4 or 6hrs?)
I've been on vyvanse since third grade. 19 now. And ive been on a mighty high dosage and now that i need to do adult things I think my body has adjusted to it because some days I forget if I took my pill in the morning because I feel it less...
I was gonna say something but I forgot
I took Vyvanse as a kid, I dont make ADHD my personality. I do not have a hard time focusing on anything and when it comes to brain work, im always top of the class. Vyanse gave me man b00bs and now i gotta live w it.
The ability to be able to... Would be miraculous.
I do the magic green wand, everything is singular.
For me, I also ended up having to survive unmedicated (failed uni, so it's going well). I initially tried Ritalin, but it ended up making me crash in the early afternoon. Tried taking two per day to strategically keep me at the same level, but all that did was make it impossible to sleep (while also doing nothing for the crash for some reason, it was weird). I was also getting wild mood swings, so I ended up on concerta. Same problem as taking two ritalin per day; I spiked early, it ended up wearing off mid day, but also simultaneously made it hard to sleep that same night. By this point my mood swings were REALLY bad, so I ended up having to take mood stabilizers for two years. I tried a few other meds that I can't remember the names of, but unfortunately due to taking anti-depressants, I couldn't try any of the amphetamine class of drugs. So I'm stuck with the choice of taking the edge off my depression, or taking the edge off my lack of motivation and focus.
Watching this after taking my very first dose of ADHD meds ever and brother I’m so nervous rn—
For anyone who needs it, you're always able to talk to a pharmacist about your meds for advice, they can be just as helpful as your doc about side effects and how to safely stop taking something. Just walk up to the consult window!
i think i have adhd bc im fr jst llike u
I was diagnosed as ADD, but my symptoms as an adult make me realize I might be misdiagnosed ADHD. Can't really afford to go do anything about it, though.  I took many different meds as a kid, none of them worked. I remember Daytrana, which turned my legs to aligator skin lol But the main med I had for ADD was Vyvanse. Vyvanse helped me focus, sure. On everything _but_ work. I ended up hyper focusing on drawing and literally anything but work on the daily. I had no motivation to eat, and I would get absurdly tired when the meds wore off. We decided I'd quit cold turkey in highschool because my mom really disliked the side effects.   Insert me not being prepared to function as my normal self at all. I went from relatively skinny to just barely overweight and -chunky- curvy in a few years because I was so desperate to eat anything. I needed salt, I needed sugar, I needed _anything,_ and my eating schedule got thrown out of whack because I would just eat any food in front of me before lunch because it was too tempting. Any and all focus on both work and drawing left, and my autistic hyperfixation on gaming and transformers returned.   While I've calmed down in the years since, I really hated that feeling of being almost out of control, and being constantly lectured for being incapable if bringing myself to work. I was told my poor memory was because I didn't care about anything, etc.  As an adult I'm tired of forgetting things and feeling like my brain doesn't function, but I mostly have this problem at home and rarely at work.  I want to feel like a functioning person, but I never want to go through med symptoms or the fallout of quitting again.  The overlapping thoughts didn't really bother me until this year when I started having some really unecessary health scares lol. I was fine, but my anxiety attacks and physical symptoms convinced me I was dying.  Other than that, the constant thinking is how I cone up with stories and bew painting ideas, so until this year I had them under control.
I stopped concentrating on the video and started talking to myself  about a hypothetical situation towards the end 😂
i clicked on this video a few hours ago, i saw the polish cow meme at the beginning so i immediately searched up the actual clip and then got lost on the internet for a couple hours until this video popped into my recommended again and i remembered i was supposed to clean up and shave  i really need to get diagnosed
What song is that? I need it!!!
Meth isn't cheap
Bold of you to assume I will remember to take the medication
3:55 stops the sponser
Damn never felt this seen before.   Laughed hard at the depiction of dopamine
Yeaaaa I’m relatively new into my stimulants journey, I realize I have to prioritize taking care of myself. Like I have to sleep well, I have to eat right and at the right time. When I want to get things done, I have to make sure my day is planned out and I try to direct focus on following that plan rather than getting things done. My life is definitely helped by the meds, but it’s more helped by my habits surrounding it (it also helps me not give up on that structure lol)
Seems like my body is giving me different ADHD meds on different days. On some days i'm all about that cleaning, others i can't take my mind off of anything but i'm not even taking any actual meds only a few supplements 😂
idk if you are still paying attention to your comments, but I got you. ADHD meds arent typically supposed to just 'make you focus.' It's a very common misconception because that's how it will affect someone without adhd. If you have adhd, adhd meds help you organize your thoughts. There's so many thoughts going on up there that you cant focus, that's where the meds kick in to organize them for you. They take away the 'cloudy' feeling and it's an unbelievable difference for someone with adhd. It sounds like adderall wasn't that bad, you just have to get going with the work and then the focus will kick in because your thoughts will be more organized. It's just harder to really get started with online activities rather than physical activities.
Vivance broke me ngl Got meth now and it works way better
Did you know that the song player at the begining was made in poland
Vyvanse was the adhd med I was on for most of my childhood and when I was taken off of it cold turkey in the middle of junior year in high school.... H O O    B O I
Methylphenidate well over 50 mg fvcked my brain. Gave me perma-anxiety, and I kinda forgot how to make natural, un-awkward, confident, eye contact. A staring problem in a sense.
My experience with adhd is.. interestring
ADHD gang 😅🙂‍↕️
My biggest adhd symptom is executive dysfunction. So adderall works great for me. It also gives me the ability to be able to. Really changed my life actually
I took adhd med and i totaly lost my apatite like not eating at all
Phhhfffffphhhfffphhh ocus.
The ability to be able to is a real ass thing lol i also almost forgot what you said halfway through typing this right after you said it
Damn dude, I can relate as well but i have some good news, I have had ADHD and ASD, disagnosed at 3years old and I had the same experience with adhd meds when I was 13-16 so i decided to be unmedicated for college / Uni.  But just this year at 26 I saw another psychiatrist this time for long-release Biphentin for the first time and one morning I just woke up and felt like I was in control of my life again.  My older brother said the happiness on my face and satisfaction with myself made me look like I was "enlightened" we joke about it now and in his phone contacts I'm "The Honored one" with that picture of Gojo Floating.  Everything doesn't always make sense all the time at first but you will 100% figure it out later in life. Wishing  all of my ADHD homies medicated and unmedicated the best.
this video literally describes the average day for me 😭
Add
The pill busting in and asking if anyone got anything done today and who was in charge was so hilariously relatable I choked on my spit 😂😂😂
Your experience of Vyvanse is more similar to my experience with Adderall. Very focused on the wrong things. But focused!
I don't believe that what you're going through has anything to do with adhd. It seems like you just havent had the opportunity to work on your discipline and find a stronger sense of meaning.
Man that council of five in your head is an accurate representation of what goes on in my head. Some days when it's bad I even get a second council of five muttering in the basement.
I take medikinet
I think we r fucked guys
7:50 I have ADHD and I keep forgetting to unsubscribe, I'm sorry.
im proud of you for finishing the video buddy <3 sincerely, someone so deep in the adhd hole that i dont see myself coming out. im currently on warhammer/D and D. I never ina  million years wo9uld have ever wanted to do that but here i am.
Bring back the cow I was enjoying that 😭
i can relate
Same, ADHD medication is so good, prescription drugs is not actually drugs 😏
hard fact is professionals will act like they can help more often than they can
It took a while, but eventually with the help of my psych, Strattera and talk therapy worked for me. Stattera is a non stimulant that helps me stay on task. Talk therapist helps me analyze patterns and tweak habits in my  life that built up over time before the meds allowed me to focus. 10/10 highly recommended.   And I’m still a silly bastard! Yay!
My experience with my first kind of meds was similar but not quite the same as it was with you (obviously, everybody reacts differently). I definitely was more calm and could focus better but still wasn't quite able to (ADHDers will get what i mean, i hope at least). After many two further approaches with two other meds i started to take retalin and my god i was a god when i was working on something i liked
As someone who has taken Vyvance it was a worse experience for me than when I just stopped taking it because it would make me not sleep, not eat, and gave me weird tics like I had Tourettes (which I still have even though it’s been 7 years since I stopped taking it) which is why I never recommend it to anyone
Adderall is a pretty decent drug, essentially youre trading a couple years of your lifespan for concentration. There are ways to very easily mitigate the health effects such as "medication vacations." Idk, thinking of adderall as street meth is fun in jest, buts its not at all accurate to the actual effect, unless you dose way too high. Just remember that you only need to take it on days you want to really focus in and get stuff done (for example: i usually take mine on the weekends and mon-tuesdays, since thats when im most busy at work usually).
"Medication doesnt come cheap in america." Is little dude too young to have his own healthcare? My adhd meds are $10 per month on the very lowest bluecross plan. If you have a career job in the u.s., meds aint half bad.
I have ADHD almost everyone has it
Been raw dogging adhd for years lol I honestly perfer it 😂
I think I was supposed to see this today. I’m struggling with wanting to go back in meds I quit taking because I felt like my emotions were way out of wack and I wasn’t productive because I was too absorbed emotionally. It worked sometimes but not enough to feel like I wasn’t in control of me. But I’ve met so many people that do very well.  So anyways seeing this reassured me at least that sometimes meds aren’t the answer for everyone
6:43 this is just me in a daily basis lol (unmediated, I’ve got pre-existing health stuff)
How'd you know I like that cow video. Omg, I'm gonna look it up and watch it again.  Ahem. Ah. Yeah. Addy is great. Great for those who really plan and really really really really want to get those big home and work projects done, but you know. There's just...something else...and you don't finish it....and eh....yeah, you get it.  .....look...up...lyrics...for...funny....cow...video...and I'll save that note for later.
They diagnose people with this based on SYMPTOMS and not CAUSES its fucking pseudo science. If they CANT EXPLAIN THE SCIENCE then its NOT REAL. Start looking at things and saying, I DONT want to do this tomorrow, when I could do it now. The rest is up to determination. FOLLOW that rule hold yourself to it. Will power is a myth, its like looking at yourself glass half empty. There is only Discipline and we all need to work on it.
ADHD + Bipolar here. Adderall ruined my life but it took me to a full manic episode which sent me to the hospital and got diagnosed for bipolar. Now I take Clonidine (which is not a stimulant) for my ADHD and LAMICTAL for my bipolar. My life was fixed sooo... thanks Adderall???? (Stimulants make Bipolar people manic. I got lucky enough to have both ADHD and Bipolar combined)
There was this one time before school I forgot that I took my vyvanse like 30mins before school, so I had another pill as I was leaving for school (mind you they are 40mg so I had 80mg that day) BY ACCIDENT and I was high.... At school.... I was sooo out of it my friends were really worried.. you would think that they would of told a teacher but apparently not. Anyways I said in like a hippy way "I may or may not have had ODed.. on adhd drugs" and then once the meds wore off I was realllyyyy depressed, loss of appetite, was really tired but I couldnt sleep at all.. so I was up all night until the next morning for school and I was like.... "Wow. I'm never doing that again" so I sat an alarm up xD
nomNOMnomNoMnOM
Lol me watching YouTube videos while reading the comment section
I fucking love my adhd
5:24 STOP CALLING ME OUT I'M LITERALLY WATCHING THIS WHILE LISTENING TO MUSIC AND PLAYING GAMES ALL AT THE SAME TIME
My thoughts when I’m listening to something or sombody sounds like the school when it’s the end of the year
NordVPN is sponsoring every good animator
For real though where’s the rest of that dancing cow vid? So good
I was in hospital all Christmas and New year's due to my Adderall causing long term pulmonary hypertension - leading to a hole bursting open between the chambers of my heart. This was directly due to the medication causing excess stress on my heart and generalized hypertension.   My blood pressure was 210/160 when I was taken in. I am 24 years old. I now have heart failure and will live the rest of my life with symptoms - why? Because I couldn't accept being my crazy artist ADHD self and wanted to be productive?   I promise you, it wasn't worth it.   The only thing I recommend is trying the medication a few times to understand what it's like to think normally. Then try to mimic that in your day to day life. But even with this there are risks as most ADHD meds are highly addictive.  Please, love your crazy dysfunctional selves. It's not worth shortening your life for.
Tylko jedno w głowie maaam, koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam, w kraine zapomnieeenia 🔥🔥🔥
Meds were the BAIN of my existence. After years of the cycle i started using a none stimulant, I take something called an neuron epinephrine inhibitor I take QUELBREE
I was told by my grandfather a long time ago that the worst thing you could be in life is normal. Take your quirks and make something distinguished of it
I started Adderall when I was in first grade. Around middle school, I was on 20-25 mL. It zapped my appetite. Then I got on something else that was about 10-15 mL. It was not Vyvanse. It was D something amphetamine. Idk. It works for me😁 I am graduated so I only take it every other day😁😁
Spot on!  I was recently diagnosed at 40 when I described to my therapist that my brain is like an excited puppy that I'm trying to get to the other end of the park.  It's just zooming all over the place, smelling things, chasing things, trying to bring back the biggest stick, then dropping it to lick it's balls before chasing a duck into the pond.  Most times I never make it to the other side of the park.  He was like "yeah, you need to get tested".  These last few weeks on Adderall is like snapping a leash on that puppy.  It still tries to bounce around, but is under control and I can actually make it across the park now pretty regularly.
That Adderall is meth bit is part of why a lot of people don't get what help they need
Not the fact that I just went down what may be an adhd driven rabbit hole and found this video and have now decided I am going to talk to my doctor….because I’m at work….and I don’t remember what I was supposed to be doing
Justice 4 compy
Wait, you did all of this..... Off Treatment?
Females with ADHD tend to be over thinkers, so the adderall is actually better for us most time to calm the thoughts 😂
3:18 6:34
as someone  who is taking vyvanse it works really well
Been on vyvance for YEARS. This is the perfect explanation for how it works!
This is so interesting. Adderall gives me the focus you got from Vyvanse. I have the focus to do tasks and thinking etc, but it doesn't actually help me focus on the RIGHT things.
0:05 If you want to listen to the song, search  polish Cow and enjoy 😊
polish dancing cow is da best 0:00
Best thing I found so far to treat ADHD - check out Mendi Headband and Neuro Training. It's insanely good and after training with it for over half a year I can focus for hours on end. It's like the Adderal effects you described but without the negative side effects.
was distracted by the animal crossing background music lol
I stopped at 1 minute to go do some stuff, I'll probably remember to hear how it ends.   I'm happy for you/sad that it happened as appropriate.
I take Concerta for my ADHD, and it kinda feels like my brain is calming down from five adrenaline rushes without the adrenaline there at all.  I remember the first time i took my medication i was actually able to sleep 8 hours instead of just 4 for once in my life. Now, in current day, i take a high dose and feel good when i have it. When im not taking it it feels like my brain is like a sponge just soaked with water, full with brain fog instead though.
For those without adhd… imagine studying for twenty four hours. That’s what it feels like when I study for two hours.
The best way I can describe it is to imagine you think very step by step, but the steps are constantly changing priorities.
The greatest creator out there man I need more
Best analogy I've heard in ~30 years with it: Your attention span is like a spot light. Normal people can control the direction of their spotlight as well as change how wide the focus is, broadening or sharpening the beam of this light... People with ADD have a spotlight too but it's direction and focus is not in their control and so it darts back and forth, to and fro seemingly at random.
I also have inattentive ADHD and take Vyvanse. When we started experimenting with it my doctor had me start and a low-ish dose and work my way up, so I tried 20 mg, 30, 40, then 50 over the period of a couple weeks. When I got to 40 I found that it worked, but could be more powerful, so I tried out 50, and felt exactly how you described. I spent three periods of my school day researching how electromagnetic levitation worked. Zero work done. However I only felt that way on 50, so I moved back down to 40 for a while, and eventually gently came back up to 50, with better results. Now I can focus on tasks fine, but without hyperfixating while I'm medicated. Maybe you could try out some lower dosages to see if you still hyperfixate and get those side effects? I say this as a high schooler who's definitely not a doctor or psychiatrist so take it with a grain of salt ig.
My adhd wants me to see the cow again :(
I truly wish I could actually take ADHD medication since it would probably help with my short attention span so I can actually focus what the teacher is talking about
Ah yes, *_the sequel_*
My ADHD works kinda different… I have such a bad memory, that I always are on the phone ore something and i know that i constantly think about stuff, but as I am thinking things, I forget them. These impulses of: lets research a bunch about a specific topic, where just not there for me. My adhd works in a way, that I am always happy and I love doing things. Could be working out, could be working, could be bullding legos, but I never want to really learn something. I love doing, but then I am happy when I know how it works and not why. Like an oven. I know about Gas pipes and about the flames and such, but I never had the intetion of going deeper, just becouse I knew, that I couldnt memorise it anyway. Only when I am allone.. like when I have the house to myself, then I start to work and be productive.. I dont know why… I just have the feeling of beeing resposible for all of it.. and then I do it. What really helped me with tasks was writing down, what I want to do. To physicly momeryse and see what I plan on doing. Just having a to do list helped my brain becouse it didnt had to know what I wanted to do. It just knew that I have the letter for it.
I saw da 1 hour viersion of the dancing c○w
Youve reminded me of that song and i am bordering on dissociating to escape physical pain,, il will be listening to it now aafter i rewatch the video cause ive paid no attention except for the horns
There are a bunch more options!
Before the vid even started I went to the comments....I think I have undiagnosed adhd
I had adhd for a long time but I never had meds because my adhd isn’t that bad but I’m distracted easily tho- but I’m fine
guh
Personally, I take Adderall But it’s like a different type of Adderall but I also take a high dosage of it. Kind of I took like 15 mg but that’s because I have combined ADHD meaning  it’s bad.
... what is the cow song?
As someone who was taking adderall for 4 years, this is a very accurate experience
Exactly my experience… came here to get more insight on medication and now we are both in fact back to square one 😅😂
How you were feeling on the second med, is how i feel normally all the time. i easily hyperfocus and just forget time exists and i come out of my trance and 10 hours have passed. i think it's a different form of adhd
Can you make a whole video of the dancing cow? I felt the frustration of that guy who kept on opening the laptop, and the anger when you broke it. I was watching that video dude!
My family has a history with ADHD so when I was diagnosed as a teen and started going on pills it worked. But that first day on it was so wonky though. It was like what you said, I had the ability to DO. And I did. In less then 10 hours I absolutely failed a test with too much confidence and snuck off school campus into the sketchy neighborhood so I could go to the middle school and visit my favorite teacher. When I got home, there was so much I wanted to do now that I could, but I couldn’t choose so I was like jumping off the walls haha
Concerta had me locked in and so focused that nothing existed outside of my task, adderall fixed that to being focused and alert the only issue is finding a pharmacy that doesnt have a month long wait to get the meds
oh my god, that ending scene with the phone just summed up all my coordination issues lmao
The cure for ADHD is your father putting his foot up your lazy arse. If you don't have a father blame your mother.
kill me………
Try 50μg elesdee? I could very deliberately direct my attention and focus.
those 5 guys in the head is exactly what is going on.. I never found an good explanation for other ppl. But this will work. ty lol for me meds did never work.. I could focus but in the same time I felt just not comfortable.. also a problem as I am already an adult and got diagnosed way to late. There are ways to handle ADHD without meds but you have to adjust your live to it and not everyone is able to that because of different reasons
the intro:😎😎 0:00
This is really interesting!! I take Ritalin myself and have found that it works great, but I know people who’ve had bad experiences.
I been taking Dexedrine since I was 18, changed my life
What the hell is the name of the song in the start?
ADHD is like sitting on a couch and having multiple tvs on in front of you and you’re trying to watch one without hearing the sound of the others but it’s almost impossible
I have adhd and I act silly even if my mind is racing 24/7
you put an ad in an 8 minute video?
I don't know what my issue is because I can easily forget things, I also get hyper focused onto one thing, if I want to complete something, I WILL complete it if I physically can or allowed to, I also cant do menial tasks like laundry properly, I just cant, I can only do laundry now because I only hang important stuff up everything else I just shove in a bin, when I do homework I cant, like I physically cannot move if I try to force myself into doing school work, even if I know how to do it I just wont, I sit there and stare at the paper a lot of the time.
No medications and somehow you managed to have a youtube chanel, sponsor, make those funy carton videos. Taking meds, made me a common, regular person. Im creative, and fou d the way to get people do regular stuff for me as laundry, cooking, bills, etc... I get pay fornmy creativity , simple
talk to your pharmacist if you can't talk to your medical doctor
I was put on medication at the age of 9 started at around 25mg of Zolaf and worked my way up to 300-500mg in 7-8 months (doctors orders) and it was like he said it was ok at first but then I was like a zombie all the time and it was like that with all medications going forth until the age of 14 when i finally got of them and that whole time i was completely dead physically and mentally i personally can never look at another antidepressant/AdHd medication again
tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu pięć gram
I genuinely love your humor so much :)
I was recently started on ADHD meds and accidentally discovered a useful trick. If I just take the meds with breakfast, AND THEN have a shower... well that shower is probably gonna take a while xd. So by the time I'm done the medications have kicked in and it's easier to plan out my day. Makes it easier to start doing good tasks instead of bad ones.
where can I find the original dancing russian cow video?
I have work to do but stumble upon this video and started watching. Also, I have to make a conscious effort to keep watching this while my mind is trying to make me watch shorts instead.
I'm on a combo of antidepressants and ADHD meds. The one helps me with prioritizing things and getting things started, the other one for focus related things, like working on something for a longer term. It works well for me
I have ADHD.
I love cow the whole video I was thinking abt the cow
1:21 “is the heat death of the universe something I need to worry about?”
I can't with that end of day task list "+ birdhouse knowledge". I'm dying!
The shade when saying concerta made me roll xD
I definitely relate to the issue with making sure I focus on the right thing when Elvanse/Vyvanse kicks in. But it is still easier to deal with than just never being able to focus properly at all when I’m not on meds, or being constantly focused on being productive and not being able to switch off when I was on Concerta. Also I’m lucky enough to not get that much physical symptoms on Elvanse, but on Concerta I was in absolute hell every day.
please help
it*
for me its like i HAVE to say the SAME stuf in my head all the time and i will not stop i have meds to.
yea
I’m currently here because of my ADHD. ✨hello✨
I got distracted halfway through the video and had to rewind so many times 😢
for me it works if I take different meds all different days of the week, it doesn't work with strattera and non stimulants but those make me angry.
Omg the out of breath thing. Me too!! But it took a long time to get better.
I don’t have ADHD but I have ADD
I'm trying to exercise, and I can't get started. I have my workout clothes/shoes on, and im in a good workout alone place for myself. And i just can't make myself start. Im watching and already tunning out this video, and im rocking back and forth. I recently got diagnosed but won't start medication for a few weeks. And here I am
I like cow
Were you talking with John Lennon
Cow
I hated being on stimulants. I sat like a zombie, I rarely talked and I felt very melancholic.
You know what's weird? I didn't have many symptoms of ADHD until I started taking an antidepressant. I was diagnosed with Autism as a wee-ee-bitty-bab via my school counseling, but said school didn't do a very good job taking care of me growing up. 20-ish years later, I wonder if I should get re-tested for Autism and ADHD.
I have concerta as medicament
People claim I don’t have ADHD because I don’t have the most prominent symptoms…then I try to do an ELA problem and end up somehow thinking about the medical properties of lavender, or try to do something and only half finish it before moving on to something else. So I can say that I may not have ADHD, but I have *something* darn close to it.
2:24 LMAAAOOO FINALLY someone who describes ADHD how it actually is
Or don’t do drugs
HAHAHAH I TAKE VYVANSEEEE
Uncontrollable hyperfocus on random things is a common side effect of the dose being too high. Start slow and start low.
I often forget to pay attention
Yes because meth will fix the problems. Hahaha
1:41 At least you failed classes in high school and not in college like I did. I was just diagnosed yesterday (3 August 2024,) and with the diagnosis and medication comes great hope. My life has literally gone into shambles. Because I have never been able to be constant with anything. Thanks to eighty h d I have not been able to do my homework, get or keep a job, keep my personal belongings in order, or otherwise live a normal life. I have also had to face off with my family over getting treatment due to stupid insurance rules and their denial of ADHD (or mental health's) existance. Safe to say, I am pining for a radical life change within the next couple of weeks. I hope I can get my life back together...
Nooo. Not the cow 😭
getting diagnosed and medicated as an adult was like starting as a kid again, i had to unlearn all my bad coping mechanisms and relearn how to do things with a less cluttered brain (i’m very much still learning).   also surprised your psych didn’t tell you that you can stop most meds (not the one that’s not a stimulant) whenever you want, i take some weekends off or if im planning on drinking :)
When i clicked on this video I got an ad for adhd medicine.
Yeah I have ADHD aswell and I find that Vyvanse is SOOO awesome I feel like I'm cheating in school tests because I can focus so easily
I got an ADHD drug and before this video, Andy is trying to tell me something
I am a 15 year old female. I am almost sure I have add because I have had most of the symptoms, but everyone around me says that I don't have it because I am gifted. but I really am struggling especially in school. I can't study, because I can't focus, I would read the same paragraph while studying 15 times and still wouldn't focus on what it was saying. it is getting to a point were in my finals, I couldn't study, so I would look at the subject book 15 minutes before I walk in the exam room. everyone is saying I don't have it because I still get good grades and I am not physically hyperactive all the time, (I fidget all the time). so the symptoms I have seem to only affect me , which is why nobody believes me when I say I have it. my uncle has adhd, and has seen the symptoms in me and so he convinced my mom to go to the doctor to get diagnosed. my only fear is that when we go to the doctor, he says I don't have adhd and that I have been making all this up for attention and then get embarrassed in front of everyone (I know only someone with adhd would think something like this but I still can't take that fear out of my head). or if the doctor does diagnose me, he won't give me the medication (I have tried the medication once and I have felt instant relief from it). I feel like I need the medication to help me focus on studying and I am really nervous for when we go to the doctor. it isn't only effecting me in my studies but in everyday life, I can't do something if it boring or needs to much brain focus (chores, homework, selfceare...) or hyper focus on something and forget my everyday needs (eating, drinking water, going to the bathroom...). I need help, someone give me advice please.
the maths thing actually happens to me
my medication was insane i could actually feel my heart. I Could Feel My Heart. Fast.
1:28 😂lol
omg my adhd just popped in and i started watching another video of yours but then i came BACK to this video to make this comment
Methylphenidate lol
Took 15 seconds of this cartoon....subscribed
The brain scene is my Inside out
My parent forced me to take adhd medication when I was in 4th grade, but when I took it I had horrible headaches and felt foggy and irritable. I felt uncomfortable telling my parents that I was not feeling good and felt like that for an entire year of my life
I've noticed that there's one thing that really helps me focus when I have ADHD symptoms. It's a habit I've had for as long as I can remember: telling myself a story. it's a story that has always continued, every time I want I add a piece, and I can focus on the thoughts of that story every time I want to fall asleep. When I think of that story I don't think of anything else and strangely I manage to focus on every detail of the environments, faces, words, expressions and movements. Everything else in my daily life becomes so difficult for me to manage, but that story... it gives me relief.
i got diagnosed at a young age and my parents tried to put me on meds and i got more hyperactive then i alr was so uh yea ._.
💀
I have a cuestión those this happened to all people or it’s just random?
I'm on 27 milligrams of Concerta.
What you know about methamphetamine?
I take Adderall for both ADHD, Autism, Depression, Anxiety, etc. And from my experience what it does for me is that it gives me the ability to convert consciousness to subconsciousness. To explain, like he said in the video, he wasn't able to focus on a task and was only able to do the task and that's basically how it is, it puts your brain into a flow state which works for me and other people because when your aware of a million things at once they over lap, but when your on the perfect dosage, your still aware of that available brain power and have access to it, but you can pick a thought and be able to actually do things with it.
I took Vyvance for a week in HS and I ate one sandwich and slept like 6 hours total the whole week. Then I switched to Ritalin and didnt like that and I haven't been back on it for a while. Gonna have to run the gambit again soon. But I got that AuDHD soooooo idk what that changes guess ill find out
0:37 what a story
ADHD won today, I went down the loop of YouTube videos again.
Bro summoned Gen Z people from TikTok who pretend they have ADHD because they think it's cool.
3:19          [̲̅I][̲̅n][̲̅f][̲̅i][̲̅n][̲̅i][̲̅t][̲̅e]   [̲̅K][̲̅N][̲̅O][̲̅W][̲̅L][̲̅E][̲̅D][̲̅G][̲̅E] 👽👽👽
Wait the meds are supposed to stop the symptoms completely? I think I need new meds
dru g
The sad truth is sometimes you need multiple medications to get the desired results. I started out with just Wellbutrin and Buspar to handle my depression and anxiety symptoms, and on those I did feel more focused but had no drive to do anything. It was still a real struggle to get my brain to cooperate if I needed to get something done. Now I’m on week one of taking 10mg of Adderall XR and that’s helped give me the push to do what I need to do and curb my impulses a bit.
yeah, talk to your medical pro, then turn around and take advice from your bro like: "dextro-amphetamine & meth-amphetamine are effectively the same"... why did youtube insist I watch this video?
wait so what do u do now? :o just stopped with adhd meds all together?
Psychedelics definitely have potential to deal with mental health symptoms like anxiety and depression, I would like to try them again but it's just so hard to source out here
Any update on this journey of medication I just seen your video come up as recommended after watch bug cat capoo animations and you got me hooked
Should go up in your dosage , what you explained was the same with me on a low dose of adderal. I did thing physical but not anything I had to think about,   I’d go up to 10mg and see how you feel,   Also adderal isn’t meth! I always thought so to! Methamphetmine which is meth is much more powerfull and the drug reaches the person brain also harmful side effects. If you ever watched Dr Mike I’m YouTube he explains this perfectly,
I’ve been on adderal for adhd since I’m 9 years olds,  I take 15mg im now 25 years old now and I can’t drive without them my mind is all over the place and I can’t focus   I haven’t had any issues, and I’ve never went up on how much I take
I take the biggest viamimp
New meds = pain
someone please provide me with a link to that cow video at the start
i used addarall for my adhd and it made everithing so much worse
I have pretty severe ADHD and used to take 72 of Concerta. The max dose, which is 54, and a smaller pill of 18. I now take only 54 because I had crazy headaches and it works wonders! 👍🏼 Not as well as 72 but hey...my head doesn't hurt.
ADHD doesn't seem like a flaw, just a feature that unfortunately doesn't fit into modern life. You know what they did with people 500 years ago with ADHD? they where put on a boat and explored the world. You are not broken, you're  situation is broken.
Moral of the story: talk to your doctor
There's an important misconception with Vyvanse here. It still turns into Adderall in your body so the comparison to being more or less like meth isn't exactly right.
. Seems everyone has ADHD due to the horoscope like screening tools out there. Stimulant increases focus for 100% of people who use them. So I guess everyone has ADD/ADHD.
i have inattentive adhd and a medication that really helped me was Biphentin aka Methylphenidate
"treatment for adhd isnt chea-"  me: *just shut up and take my money* 😀
Hey, just out of curiosity, is it easy to get addicted to meds?
Hey, I just realized you can make sans' voice if you rewind the video over and over again really fast at the beginning :0
Gimme cow music name
I had to watch this twice.... I was distracted the first time by the Animal Crossing music...
I know medications here in Mexico are cheaper, but the fact that Concerta still takes a sugnificant chunk of my salary is very frustrating...
I took medication. Got depressed 👍
Everyone's talking about the content of the video, and my brain fixed onto: "Don't forget to UNSUBSCRIBE- wait-"
Plz what was the song at the beginning
I have ADHD and was medicated for it most of my life. Currently however, since I'm not in school anymore and have a part time job that doesn't need much focus, I'm unmedicated. The difference is HUGE.
It’s crazy that the exact same things that happened to you in your adhd medication journey happened to me too I also had really bad problems with feeling out of breath, needing to take a big breath or feeling straight up hypoxic but kept taking it hoping it would fix my problems ( it didn’t sadge )
If adderal is meth then vyvanse is m e t h
your explanation of tasks is just so so accurate to my own experience with adhd 😭😭 never been medicated have just become a procrastination MACHINE
My brain feels like a really fast highway with like 5 lanes. the cars are the thoughts and they're all racing each other. Some fall behind, some hit a wall, some crash into each other.
POLSKA MENTIONED🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
1:51 med literally kicks in   Edit: he literally gets his hands on the wheel for once
to be honest i dont understand why you stopped taking your first medication. you say its bc aside from all the positives the only negative was it didn't help you focus more? but without it ADHD also doesn't help you focus. so yeah dont get it
I need to know what is the cow song, please 🙏🏼
I’m not a medical professional but for most medications they say “if you have shortness of breath” as a side effect, then to stop taking it immediately. I’m sure there is some kind of medication out there where it’s a bad idea to stop immediately (probably diabetic related meds). But for the most part it’s a smart move to stop taking it and just contact your doctor. Usually you can consult a nurse at the practitioner’s office who can offer some advice in the meantime.
0:33 adht
The only thing ab my meds that I actually hate is it removes my ability to feel hunger until it´s gotten to the point that I feel like my stomach is gonna implode and I´m so hungry I´m not hungry anymore. Literally lost 20kg after I started. Can´t function without them though so it´s a small price to pay
What’s the dancing cow song?
Late to the discussion, but I hope this helps anyone stumbling upon it. At 3:57 in the video, they discuss “inertia,” an executive function responsible for starting and stopping tasks. Treating ADHD (with or without stimulants) often involves grappling with this challenge, yet it lacks a distinct label. Instead, it gets lumped under the vague umbrella of “focus,” which is almost comically ironic. It helps me to think of focus as knowing what direction I need to be going while inertia is my ability to either stay in that direction or change direction as needed. I would guess that OP was dealing with an inertia problem while taking ADHD medication (a pretty common one, imo) where the macro task was "get up and do shit until its done" and they couldn't divert from that. Switching to Vyvanse was the inverse of that inertia - the macro task became "do the thing in front of me until it is done" but both problems are inertia problems. Notably, neither medication were effectively treating the focus problem as I previously defined it, but that is the one area that medication rarely wipes out. Its this area that we usually have to work on ourselves using a myriad of behavioral and cognitive changes, hopefully made possible with the medication letting us actually DO the thing once we figure out WHERE the thing.  When you go your whole life watching how useless it is to know where you need go if you can't ACTUALLY go, you don't exactly build the mental tools required to figure out things like prioritization, scheduling, task management, etc. Every person with ADHD I know, including myself, spent a whole chunk of their life simply dealing with the results of their distractions (for better or worse. This ability to adapt to rapidly shifting directions and following through those changes with little to no planned structure is the boon to balance the curse and would be worth it if our society functioned differently) rather than structuring their future intentions. Medication can be the gas that gets us to GO, but it won't drive the car for us and we are still just as likely to hit a wall if we don't learn how to steer.   Regarding the claim that Adderall is ‘basically meth,’ it should be noted that Vyvanse is equally "basically meth" since it too is just an amphetamine. Think of it like calling a poodle a ‘dog’—broad terminology doesn’t mean they’re all the same. Ritalin by the same logic is "basically bath salts" since they're related in the same way Adderall and Vyvanse are related to meth (as in, technically acting on the same neurotransmitters but by orders of magnitude different in potency, control, and absorption)  Stimulants act swiftly compared to many psychotropic medications, and your body efficiently eliminates them. I’m concerned that OP didn’t receive a thorough rundown on safe practices with ADHD stimulant treatment. His later Vyvanse symptoms (though speculative) hint at this oversight. Some providers start patients on slightly higher doses when transitioning from immediate-release drugs to extended-release ones. Vyvanse, in particular, has significantly lower effective doses by weight compared to Adderall XR. My own experience involved going off meds temporarily and then restarting. When this wasn't done, the transition was almost always as jarring as described here and negative side effects were common.  Stimulants weren’t my sole solution for fitting into society, but they were a godsend for me. It frightened me for a long time because prevailing misconceptions—fueled by the zeitgeist—have created a vast gap between perception and reality. If you’re wondering why (as I did!), you can attribute it to a small contingent of parents, doctors, and caretakers in the early to late 2000s. They either intentionally overmedicated children or had limited treatment options. Add to that as fuel for a pseudo-satanic panic media frenzy, which led most people to equate ADHD with ‘hyperactive boys’ and assume that medicating them with stimulants was a reckless, cruel, and dangerous shortcut to fixing troublesome asocial behaviors.   With stimulants or without, meds or not, I wish you all the best luck in dealing with the universal human reality of having to drive a water bag made of lukewarm meat using only an unreliable electric soup sloshing around in your skull. You are not, nor ever will be or deserve to be, left to deal with that challenge alone.
It’s been weird. I have been on and off pharmaceuticals and holistic treatments for ADHD since I was 8. It is a developing science and there are tons of different tools to be able to aid people. For me personally my adhd feels like a separate “track” in my brain. I’ve got the impulsive adhd line of consciousness that is CONSTANTLY going doing random shit saying random things. But I’ve learned to be able to create another line of thought that IS within my control. It can get a little chaotic as there’s two lines do thought happening at the same time but it has definitely given me the ability to do the tasks I need to do
Vyvanse is just the prodrug of adderall. It has a functional group (lysine) that makes it inactive, then your red blood cells cleaves that lysine off, and boom active dextroamphetamine
But Vyvanse just breaks down in your system to the same thing (dextroamphetamine) as Adderall. Adderall is 75% dextroamphetamine and 25% levoamphetamine but still, nonetheless, your friend didn't sound very helpful XD. Sorry, got distracted because I'm taking a day off my "meth" meds today
I WAS WATCHING THE COOOOOWWWW
The way I describe my ADHD is that instead of a brain, I have a caffeinated squirrel on crack that is jumping everywhere and making the most random connections you can imagine.
I relate to this whole video, I should get tested
Imagine showing this to your grand-children Xd
I take Vyvanse 😁
My brain never stops. Branching ideas and situations like neurons, my adhd has been horrible recently and I’m thinking I should hop back on concerta
0:58-1:04 is the best visual/summary of ADHD i've ever seen T_T
I think. Its a self control problem bud.
rip dopamine
that guy that you abuse every time there is a sponsorship is probably so traumatized
I felt that part about being focused on the wrong tasks when the meds kick in. I took my Adderall one morning to try and get some chores done around the house, but I had decided to play some Minecraft for a bit while they kicked in. 8 hours later I only noticed how long I spent on it when I started noticing I was getting hungry. (Which is also saying something because the Adderall tends to reduce my appetite until it starts wearing off). I think one thing that's helped me though is the fact that I'm prescribed two different doses, and I can take the larger or the smaller one depending on my needs for that day. But the meds also definitely work better when paired with counselling to help manage the other aspects as well
I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 10. I was prescribed stimulants at first... did not go well. It either made me feel like my blood was vibrating, made my anxiety disorder 100x worse, or literally made me depressed.  Meds are WILD dude ;-;
Try Medikinet with 50+20mg. 50 in the morning with breakfast and 20 at 3pm with a snack. Works for me. I just have to remember to take it 😂
What was that song at the beginning of the video?
Bro Same
2:28 skill issue not adhd
My ADHD is a type where ever i am and what ever situation i am in i always think about how much i suck at life (my thoughts in school: i have no friends, i'm stupid as f, how will i pay rent, will i ever get a job, i never want a girlfriend/wife in my life, i hate everything, i'm a psychopath, whould "unalive" if it comes to it.... I think my life is ruined)
My first ADHD meds made me constantly not want to eat for several months, I am pretty sure I got down to like 60 pounds
I tried ADHD meds last year. Spent a month FLYING around the workplace, listening to music like frenchcore and acid techno all day, grinding my jaw right up to my eye sockets. Told my therapist they were "suspiciously fun" and got off of them.
where is that dancing cow video from (asking for a friend)
I wasn't diagnosed until my mid to late 20s, and by that time I already had a lot of mechanisms in place.  Adderall works for me, personally, because I'd already thrown a saddle on special-brain, it was just having trouble navigating the less structured terrain of adulthood.  Plus, I already had a long-standing relationship with caffeine which was probably an attempt at unknowing self-medication, so navigating the stronger stimulant was familiar territory.  Note: caffeine is not an effective substitute for actual treatment.  I'm also in that ADHD group that can get sleepy on stimulants.  Sometimes I have a nap after a dose kicks in and if I'm not in bed before my evening dose wears off, I'm going to struggle to get to sleep in a reasonable time.
I got Cognitive behavioral therapy because of the sole reason that meds should be seen as crutches: it's not a fix, it's a tool. You then need to learn how to walk properly with them.
Very accurate description
I recently just started meds and without them i talk a lot. Like i could ramble on about nothing. But when i took the for the first time i was silent like super quiet it was really weird
I don't mean to be rude, but can we get the dancing cow again.
"this meth making me autistic as shit" -me taking adderall
Started adderall last week and I find that my previously diagnosed anxiety is more intense and that’s all I can focus on during the day resulting in me shutting down which makes me less productive then I was unmedicated 🤦🏽‍♀️ I feel the most relief from the anxiety and my adhd simultaneously right when it starts to wear off is the sweet spot… I’m also now In therapy so hopefully that will help with the anxiety too
The only thing that is awesome!if you don't want to be a good person to be honest with you. You can do it for you and your family and friends will probably get the chance of the same way as a result if your relationship was in life that would help
My experience on vyvanse was incredibly similar- I would take it before school and get “locked in” to whatever thought or music I was listening to in the car on the way there. Sonetines I would lock in during my first class and couldn’t switch by the time the next unrelated class happened. Sometimes it was very helpful, sometimes it wasn’t .. at all. Very weird experience and it’s nice to know it wasn’t just me that it affected in that way lol
My undiagnosed adhd that I’ve had for entire life, I’m 31 now, really feels this.  My friends who have adhd have been telling me to get checked out. I try my best to stay on task but man is it hard. Lucky my wife knows this can tell me the same thing over and over again without getting mad at me 😂….. I probably should get checked out..
I have ADHD and depression and anxiety. It’s actually quite hard to take care of I was literally playing with a keychain while watching this I wasn’t even paying attention but I was listening
"I want my hands on the wheels for once." Preach, brotha.
yeah i feel like I need to get checked now
“Adderall is basically meth” is a really dangerous and harmful sentiment to perpetuate
Daytrana patch. Also you probably don’t have ADHD.
ADHD on meds is like a car with an auto transmission, might do a better job but it's not quite the same experience lol
interesting
I love how you can talk about serious subjects and still be hilarious and it’s just so cool how you can talk about adhd and still be one of the funniest YouTubers I see.
Wellbutrin/Bupropion.  Try that one.
The adderall vs vyvanse thing is so interesting because when you said you were able to do tasks but still couldn't focus, on adderall, I immediately thought my meds do the opposite and I'm on vyvanse. I still find stuff like doing the dishes very hard to start but if I do manage to do a cleaning task, I sometimes end up cleaning for literally 12 hours straight. I defo get the focusing on the wrong task thing as well hahaha I am still often late because I'll spend too long focused on something irrelevant and thinking I have loads of time to get ready but the time just disappears. I get frustrated sometimes thinking my meds just don't work at all, but I remind myself I need to manage my expectations and they aren't a cure. I don't notice how significant of a positive difference they actually do make sometimes unless I have a break
Wait having your thoughts overlap isn't normal? I knew I had adhd, I just didn't know that
at one point I was taking vyveanese (i can't spell it) and I had the exact same headache problem
I'm starting to suspect I might have adhd.
every ADHD med I was put on felt like a complete personality killer, I would walk around like a disassociated zombie all day.
Me in 2022?
I take the HIGHEST dose of adderall, cus when I don’t I am an insufferable little gremlin
Non stimilant meds are for you then. Strattera (generic) helps alot or but does not work as well alone for me and i supplement with a small dose of extended release ritalin (generic). But the combination is just right to prevent side effects. Never tried adderal or vyvanse, too expensive.
I have adha to
I got abused and made to stay in line that way. Was made fun of for my crazy thinking. I turned functioning drug addict from age 11-30. I finally hit junkie status and lost everything. Got clean. Shut myself off from the world for 10 years and researched human consciousness and plants and got a collection of 500 houseplants lol. I celebrate 10 yrs clean in November. I JUST got diagnosed with severe combined type ADHD. I’m 40 years old. Now my whole life makes sense. When I asked my mom for help and she said she didn’t know how to help me…and didn’t….all she had to do was take me to the doctor.  My daughter now has this fucking curse and that was the one thing I feared most in life. BUT I brought her to the doctor! I know EXACTLY what she’s going through and feeling and am actually trying to help her.  I’m currently in the trial medication phase and on med kind number 2 and nothings any different yet ❤
Something that really helped for me is to listen to very stimulating music while working. Its like it fills up the amount of distraction I need without interferring with my ability to work. This is just for me though...
I take buprion
The thumbnail and first 20 seconds my autism instantly got hooked
When I was taking vyvanse some days i would do 6-7 straight hours of sudoku. Work days, that is. I worked from home.
I fell less informed from this video than when I started.
very accurate account of vyvanse
As a kid who was given medication at 11 and was forced to keep taking it till 21. I tried a lot of different medication‘s and stimulants. @icecreamsammich Strattera is a non-stimulant one that was the only one that ever actually gave me a sense of relief as well as gave me the ability to focus and do things.  I think I stopped taking it because my tolerance said, built so high to it that the amount I had to take was unhealthy.  Neurodivergent love  🫶🫠
My 8 year old just got diagnosed with ADHD. Really not sure how I feel about giving drugs to a kid, even though I know the medication is there to help 😢
You’re not supposed to take Vyvanse or dexamphetamine for extended periods of time. You need to take a week or so off the medication to refresh your tolerance. Stopping Vyvanse and dexamphetamine cold turkey is fine. Medications which alter your brains chemistry significantly such as anti depressants, you need to be weened off of
I was in to the music in the bigining am i the only one😅
I was meant to call my orthodontist back in November 2022 about getting braces
Diagnosed with ADHD when I was 7. Back in the 90s when girls weren't normally diagnosed with it (according to other youtubers, anyways, I don't care enough to fact check, it was just normal to me). My mother had me on so many different kinds of drugs. I even had some that made me hallucinate and a lot of memories I have from childhood weren't real, like being covered in spiders or being attacked by a tiger. Other medication made me a total zombie, hyper focused and unable to think or move or function without commands like a robot and that was her favorite! When I got to be a teenager, the medicine she put me on made me want to off myself. Deeply, dangerously, every hyper focused thought was how to do this action. Finally, I started tossing the pills in the toilet, fooling her into thinking I was taking them. I have never taken ADHD pills since and I'm now in my 30s, married with kids, and I will deal with the symptoms, but I will never subject myself to the horror of medication again. Yes, I'm frustrated with myself a lot, but it's better than what that legal meth does to you! Now my son shows all the same signs, he's my mini me, and I will NEVER subject him to medications. Terrible stuff.
Drug.
For those that can't afford therapy. There are plenty of adhd videos on yt to help with adhd , it helped me solve some of my problems . It is more manageable than deppression or anxiety which  I have all 3 . What's intresting is watching brain scan videos before considering medication. Dr. DANIEL AMEN ??but the video shows each section of the brain serves a role and what activities you can do to train the brain. Facinating stuff.
I wish I was able to focus long enough to actually get medicated, lol.  Getting ADHD treatment is just one of those unfinished projects for me.
I have better success when I don’t take it on the weekends.  Also, there’s a reason why doctors don’t prescribe “meth” to people. Meth is waaaayyy too effective at making the brain produce waaaaayyy too much dopamine.  Amphetamines are amphetamines, sure. But it’s much more complex than that. 5mg methamphetamine ≠ 5mg dextroamphetamine. You’ll get vastly different results.
I had a similar issue with vyvanse where I'd end up focusing really hard on the wrong things. I drastically reduced my dosage (like 90 down to 20mg) and it's way better. It just takes the edge off the focus issue and kind of gives your brain guard rails. Not perfect, but way better
Vyvanse is also amphetamine
As a person with ADHD that’s unmediated it’s pure caos 😂
Yes i had a vary similar experience with medication just learn how your brain works mental exercise the parts that you lack on build those skills
yo the audio  volume is small
Aww i love the cow dancing
I probably have ADHD or autism well I know I have one
Oh dear. Sounds like the first medication basically killed your imagination. Indiscriminately and completely. You couldn't think of anything other than what was infront of you... The second one gave you hyperfocus to the point where while you could think, you also tended to fixate on things...  Honestly though, if it ain't broke, don't try too hard to fix it... Medication is kind of the 'overkill' method and doctors reeeeally should be more stringent about assigning it willy-nilly, but they are also great money makers soooo....... just be careful? Besides, if your diagnosis is accurate you've lived without medication for way longer than you have ON medication, so you'll always be better at dealing with ADHD off medication until you start sticking to a medication longterm. It ain't a miracle maker.  Also, count yourself lucky you didn't get withdrawal effects. I did the same thing you did, and it sucked real bad lol. But it also taught me to ween off rather than going cold turkey all at once.  Y'knowww.... I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of great content makers actually have ADHD. I think it's what allows you to make content that caters to so many people's tastes, cause you're always thinking a lot.... So like, it might not be all bad?
The huge point of meds is to help you focus long enough to learn the steps you need to deal with adhd without meds
"Can't get distracted. Distracted, that's a funny word. Does anyone ever get 'tracted'? I'm gonna call the suicide hotline and ask them."
I take Vyvanse but I struggle saying the word Vyvanse so I just say lisdexamfetamine, people think I’m on hard drugs because of the amphetamine part
Vyvanse gave me  very very high focus with a very very high power. Unfortunately, my brain only did what it wanted to do: very deep studies and very high work, but nothing related about  the specific task I should do.
I like animated videos and I have adhd. My page is showing animated videos about adhd. I have adhd.
I take vyvanze
the fun part is when your meds run out and then you go weeks without taking it because every time you ask for a refill you just don't get the refill for some godforsaken reason. I'm trying to learn how to do things unmedicated.
Sorry if I spelled that wrong
I take Vivance
1:07 stop how did you get a video of the inside of my brain????  Edit: Ok wait a minute, after finishing the video, I did not realize ADHD meds did vastly different things. I was started on concerta at age 9, and I continued on the same dose and same med until I was 15, when I finally said "this shit isn't working." So I went back to my psych after 6 years, and we started playing with my meds. We first increased my dose, went from 18mg to eventually 54mg I believe (over the course of a year or so), 54 still wasn't doing much, so we moved to 72mg... and I couldn't handle the side effects anymore (the biggest issue was this feeling that all the thoughts in my head that I didn't have because of them meds hit me at once, making my feel extremely overwhelmed and anxious), so she switched me. Couldn't handle the side effects again on this new med (I don't even remember the name, that was how short a time I was on that one), so she switched me to Vyvanse. I've had the EXACT same experience with Vyvanse. If I'm focused on the right task when they kick in, I'm fine. But if I was playing a video game, researching some random topic, etc. when they kicked in, that is the task I will do ALL DAY (and is happening rn LMAO). I've also had that experience where I can do all the physical things, but find it difficult to sit down and focus on a task that takes brain power and organization.   (Btw, you don't have to listen to any of this next bit, I just like infodumping cuz I have an interest in brains and stuff).  The breathlessness thing could be due to anxiety, because ADHD meds do tend to increase anxiety (in my experience and others I've seen), so it might be worth it to try an anti-anxiety med with it and see if that helps. ADHD meds often increase heart rate, which is why you have to do all that heart testing and bloodwork before you start them, and increased heartrate can manifest other physical symptoms that now make you anxious and further increase your heartrate- So that might be something to look into if you want to give meds another go. There's also non-stimulants, which aren't normally as effective but I don't think they give as much of the heart and respiratory symptoms.  I do recommend executive functioning coaching either way. I started it recently and oh my god- Shit is mind blowing. I've done therapy for YEARS and the past 4 or so years has been primarily for ADHD, and it has not been helpful at all. Most of the time it was like "did you meet your goal this week?" and either "Yes? Good job!" or "No? Dang, better luck then week then," and all the strategies they gave me were the same overused stuff I've heard hundreds of times that don't work ("Use a planner/calendar 😊" "Make a list!" "Clean as you go!"). But exec. coaching is more like "What are you doing well? How can we maintain that progress?" "What didn't go well? What are some new strategies you can use to do better this week?" "What are your goals for the week? How do you achieve them?" and if you can't come up with anything because it feels like you've tried everything, they pull something new out of their magic sleeve for you to try. My coach makes me feel like I'm not failing at anything, even if I didn't finish everything in a week that I wanted to.
I have years of experience with Vyvanse, do not just take it and start watching YouTube, you will become prone to hyper fixation and will not stop watching random slop, you have to start working on stuff while it's kicking in, that way you fixate on what you actually wanted to do and not space flight lol. (proceeds to watch as he does exactly this)
I have found with adhd that if I just do three things at once and make sure only one of them is useless then 2/3rd’s of the time I am useful.  Like if I listen to music while doing two different assignments, I will most likely get progress on both of them if not complete one of em, and worse case scenario I end of scrolling through playlists for a hour looking for new music.
Wait. So do i medicate or not? Video: yes
I just want to add that Concerta, Ritaline, Quasym LP and Medikinet are all made from the same molicule : methylphenidate. They're just different in the way they work.
I have had meds for my ADHD and it just made me not hungry. Other than that it didnt work
Lol how did I suspect you had adhd just from your animation/story telling style? 😅
I agree with the overlapping thoughts. But sometimes it helps to get to a solution real fast if the overlapping thoughts are somewhat concerning the same subject. I also learned to do the task I KNOW I will succeed in first. This creates a succes-experience. I take this feeling to go on to more complex tasks.  When filling in a questionaire I also do this. I hardly ever answer it top-down but more zig-zag-back-forth.. I take ritalin. There is still some chaos but I can choose one (productive)  thing and stick with it. I don't max my dosage. I take one or two a day. Sometimes I DO max the dosage because of reasons (family-outing for example) but the next day  I feel axhausted.  A guy (and fellow-guitarist) I know says that the medication helps but doesn't increase capacity of mental load.
Same i have it 7:55
i use Medication
yessss me
I have autism and adhd and take adhd medication. Mine is a ritalin thats called Methylphenidate.I have had almost no negative side effects since i started. I had a high heart rate a couple weeks ago, but the doctors all said i was fine and it disappeared not long after it started. When i started this medication i noticed i could focus slightly more (not a lot), but i picked up on chores that I’ve neglected for years. This made me very productive and motivated. Now i am noticing that i am slowly slouching back into my old habits whilst im still taking the medicine. Im also often sleepy and seem to drift away in my own world when the meds wear off. My friends tell me that thats just probably my autism shining through because my adhd gets suppressed, i dont know if that is how it works though. Im wondering if anyone has symptoms or reactions like me. Im just trying to see if im not alone in this weird journey.
I think I speak for a lot of people here when I say: The first time taking meds and just be able to actually "just do the thing" was such a relieving moment! And I imediatly felt cheated by life like: "Is this really how _normal_ people are getting through life? Are they really able to just do it when they need to do things????!!!" \(o_o)/
Me when I play the polish cow video
I clicked on this to learn about the meds, instead I now have that cow song on constant in my head. 10/10
I used ADHD meds and at first it just worked really well, and then I don't know what happened but it started to mess up my mental state really badly. Maybe my brain was craving the hyper activity so much that it started to melt away. But I definitly had the same situation as in the video.
I'm 44 and finally got my AuDHD diagnosis in February of this year (2024). 🎉   I do not recommend *Strattera.* It was all side effects with little to no benefits for me.  It made me sleepier than I already was, caused bladder retention ( _which didn't go well with being on dieuretics for blood pressure_ ) constipation ( _which at least slowed down my IBS symptoms_ ), and it gave me unrelenting cotton mouth that nothing could alleviate.  *Adderall* at least lets me focus when I need to, and it serves as at least a weekly reset button.  Mind you I'm unemployed, so I don't have to keep too much of a regular schedule, most days, so I'm only taking it on days that I need to attend appointments and get paperwork done.  Your mileage may certainly vary.
are you a woman?  the age at which your mother first gave birth …
Side note: youre supposed to go for heart tests and not drink coffee when you are on vyvance as it can have adverse effects on some people
can anyone name the song at the beginning I just got distracted.
LMAO I am on Vyvanse and when your friend was like "if you want something more mellow", I ugly laughed. Yeah, if "mellow" means researching something pointless online for 6 HOURS maybe. Or looking through the entire Land's End website and buying so much clothes you go negative in your checking account. I really need a diff ADHD med.
He he
my brother was diagnosed but cant take his meds bc they'd mess with the pills he needs for health  im audhd and the only medication i took was when i was little and it has 2 setbacks of side affects: muscles clenching causing spasms or something (risperidone unconcious muscle movements) and in boys gynecomastia. currently unmedicated so i am organized chaos :p  i love his art very cool very adhd art yes
0:25 what the hell does “justice for compy” mean
Without it, I’d make way less money. It does nothing except let me work…..up to 16 hours a day if I want.
Vyvanse made me nauseous and anxious so it was a no go.
ADHD medications can have rlly annoying side effects that can be avoided with a healthier lifestyle, with Ritalin I had problems with breathing and heart pressure, so I started doing physical exercises, and drinking lots of water before taking the medication, and after adapting, the side effects no longer affect me, it is important to remember that side effects can and will be aggravated by a sedentary lifestyle, medications can be very useful if you know how to adapt and balance your habits.
Adhd is probably related to high doses of dopamine consumption, just like diabetes type 2 is related to high doses of white sugar consumption. People are suffering from information obesity
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for the win! It's all about learning to live with your condition, not "fix" it.
its not meth wth.
oh my god i have the same effects of adderall and vyvanse but swapped....
5:00 And here we have the perfect example, as if we had any question. As to why my drug of choice ended up being (is) meth. Even with lots of experimentation of drugs?   Unlike every “phycologist” (more likely social worker) I think that in order to fix a thing you must first identify for what reason/why that thing is a problem. Yes   Social Workers of the world: “Meth bad” L  Me: WOW, thanks, I didn’t know that. *facepalm* if only I thought of that! 🙄  OH WAIT!!!!. So that must logically conclude there in fact, is another reason.. hmmm could it be that with my ADD, Meth- *amphetamine* just so happens to be “ “suitable” “ alternative to amphetamine-dextroamphetamine.   NAHHHHHHHH LMFAO THATS JUST SILLY! I Have an addiction issue, fuck it’s genius, I’m glad they fat paid all that money!
Adderall just fucked with me in ways nobody could imagine. Now I'm on Vyvanse, and I forgot to take it today and now I can't focus. It fucks with me a little bit. I started out on Concerta and that shit just didn't work. ADHD, I literally think everything and nothing at the same time, it's like multithreading on a computer except with about 5 different windows with 49 Chrome tabs each, each running a different game on Cool Math Games while also watching South Park on the other screen while watching JSchlatt on the third screen while listening to music on  my phone while trying to work on a radio.
Brought to you by Vyvanse lol
To anyone reading this, please pray for my recovery and send positive thoughts my way.
I told myself if the dancing cow came back id thumb ip the video and it did xD
adhd gets a little more ogranised when i smoke weed but then i also get that -im focused but nothigns getting done- feeling on it for some reason. anyway, i was sitting there and thinking about that and i remembered this video because of that. funny.
reading the same sentence like 50 times in a 210 page reading and getting bored and coming back on youtube for like the 5th time today (I only wanted to read ONE chapter and didn't do it).. Maybe I do have ADHD
ik this is like a really old video,but i hope you’re relationship with medication is okay right now! yeah, finding the right medication is really hard, so it’s really best if you monitor your behavior whilst trying out new meds and having your doctor informed of any changes. hope ur all okay ice cream man 👍
my mom and i are both on adhd meds. whenever we have an important conversation that starts moving away from the subject i tell her we’re ‘derailing’, like our train of thought’s getting lost 😂😅 its cool to see that somebody uses this analogy too hehe
Song?
I love adderall. I take it a few days a week. I’ve tried lots of drugs, Concerta, Vyvanse, Wellbutrin, even SSRIs. They all helped a little, but not completely right. If you’re struggling with ADHD, I strongly recommend trying as many meds as you need to find something that works. It is possible that the best thing for you will be no meds, but it’s worth the journey to figure that out.
2 video in 1 weeks he's back
justice for compy !!
I was on ViVance, then focalin, then Adderal.
Adhd has its challenges for sure, but can be funny to have it. You have all this random information stored, and people think you're a genius. In reality, it was a hyper fixation for the day. Did i get any tasks done? Nope.. but now I know the 5 layers of the atmosphere... and can read fingerprints.. time to think about how those two would correlate in many hypothetical scenarios.
Learn meditate, finish problem
I hate the comparison that adderall is basically just meth, its not. Its far safer than even pharmaceutical grade methamphetamine. Because unlike methamphetamine, adderall is a mixture of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine. Neither one is neurotoxic unlike methamphetamine is. Vyvanse is merely amphetamines with a amino acid tacked onto them which reduces the metabolism of it since your liver has to pry off that amino acid first in order for the amphetamines to do their job.
as soon as you mentioned the concept of feeling like you need to stop but being convinced you needed to continue makes me wonder if it was on its way to making you addicted. i'm on a certain med now that i find it irresponsible to advertise for. it's been doing some good so far, i think. hopefully you either find a way to deal with it or if you try to gamble on meds again, i hope you find one that does you favors.
Medication didn't really "allow" me to focus, but I was already able to focus. I just couldn't focus on things I found boring. Adderall, the medication I took the longest, made it so things were less painfully boring to me so I could do things like school work. Because normally, the boredom of doing something I'm not interested in really is painful in a way. However, adderall also lowers my threshold for interest in things, which is a huge downside. It allows me to focus more on things I'm not interested in, but it lowers my level of passion toward things I enjoy. In other words it made it easier for me to focus and control myself, but harder for me to get excited and elated about things. It even made it hard for me to get an appetite, not because I felt nauseous or anything but just because I wasn't interested in food like I normally would be.
Yoo bring the dancing cow 🐄 back
There are so many brands out there. You should give other meds a try til you find the one thats doing the job for you. I fond Concerta first 6 days wernt fun felt like pretty bad but last few days have been amazing.
Some German Dude in his 30s here. First Video i "watched", but the Animal Crossing need a Comment! Well, it distracts me.   Actually i heard the whole Video through....
0:01 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
0:01 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
When I’m at work I can do most things without issues, but the moment I have to do it at home it’s like I have to climb Mount Everest, it’s so mentally hard to tasks while at home, ADHD is worst, but at least on the positive side I now have crippling anxiety and depression 😅😅
I was diagnosed with ADHD, Aspergers, and a bunch of other things when I was 6, and I never really did well with any of the medications, but my parents constantly pushed me to take more and more medication, and not caring about the side effects until they became too much of a problem to ignore. This went on for 15 years, and I was only able to convince them to stop forcing ALL medications on me when I pointed out that the Asperger diagnosis was created by a Nazi collaborator, and that I could just not take the medications that were causing me serious problems(best way to describe it is “pan-am”,I was getting to the point where I’d f anything that moved, and ate everything else) and with that I finally was free from Abilify. However, that was only the first stage of the problems. I started losing a LOT of weight(45 pounds in a single month) and was basically unable to do anything, as I couldn’t go outside due to lack of energy. My parents, when I asked why they didn’t stop, despite my pleas, had the gall to use the Nuremberg defense to justify their actions. I suffered through abuse because they believed the sales pitch of doctors paid to prescribe drugs to me.  I am currently working on gathering evidence to ensure that my parents are sued into oblivion for criminal negligence and child abuse.
DON'T EVER EVER take medicine if you have depression, anxiety or adhd. I've heard stories where the medication made people's health worse and even driven them to off themselves if they stopped taking it. My sisters friend died because she stopped taking her depression medication. I can tell you YOU DON'T NEED ANY MEDICATION!
I saw this video and was like "Nah ADHD is not that hard, I can deal with it just fine" ..... I have to  finish my Essay in about 3 hours and here I am watching this video
I have adhd, its crazy
Aww hell naw the multiple media part for me Im playing cod and watching this
first video ive ever watched from this person & their lil dude looks like it's wearing a cowboy hat
adhd is like focusing on other stuff while you work on other more important stuff i also take riddlen
I gained the ability to be able to.
There seem's to be this weird trend of popular artists having ADHD
3:55 sponsored segment ends
"I gain this strange ability... just the ability to.. be able to." This is honestly the most accurate way of putting this. It probably makes no sense to anyone else but ALL the sense to fellow ADHDers.
I love your accent
But why is the interrupting cow dancing video so accurate tho?
I have autisum Sometimes my mom tells me to get trash out of my room and throw it into the blue trash can outside or get her a coke from the fridge in our garage outside. And I forget what she told me to do now. But I haven't been diagnosed with Adhd. My mom has Adhd.
do i have adhd? im a girl, and i agree to a lot that has been said in this vid BUT it stoppped with anxiety and depression meds... now its going up again,.. is it adhd?
my mom describes it as like a nascar race but for people with adhd it only stops when all the cars break down [when i involuntarily fall asleep]
For me, ADHD is… unique… to say the least. It's like having 15 difficult trains of thought, but only one track. My brain just kinda:  1.🚂          2.🚆      3.🚉                   3.🚄               4.🚋 5.🚈              6.🚅             7.🚃             8.🚞     9.🚇  My thoughts just kinda scatter.   [random Mario Kart related sidequest]   Where was I? Oh yeah, ✨️ScAtTeR✨️!!  (I feel like the worst part is the fact that the only reason I watched this video is that I couldn't focus on trying to find that one song that I don't know the name of. This was just on my for you page, and my brain said, "Sure, why not?" And then I watched the video and typed this really long comment, and then broke the fourth wall by saying, "Typed this really long comment.")   [Found the song. It was "Ticking" by TIN]
Btw I know your friend compared Adderall to meth (he's not wrong) BUTT Vyvanse is also a part of the Amphetamines category so Adderall, Vyvanse, Meth.. all chemical cousins.   I also have ADHD went medicated to unmedicated. Then I found myself taking soo many stimulants just to focus. Messing up my kidneys instead of my liver with the meds 👍! Finally I found taking L- Theanine (extra strength) and upping magnesium has really helped.  Sometimes poor diet and weird dyes in foods can affect how the brain functions.  Just look up food dye yellow 6, 5. It's in..Kraft Mac n Cheese...I know I cried too...  Annie's Mac and Cheese is a good substitute 🙌 taste the same just less....chemically..
i take methylsomething and im just getting out of special ed math lol
*plays next video*  *instant deaf*
Hi
So after watching a few adhd videos,i'm pretty sure i've it. But the problem is my parents refuse to accept it. No matter how i tell them my brain is overload with train thoughts & i can't focus on something they would tell me it's just because of my habit & the phone. This sucks man,i can't even study properly without getting distracted a million times & when i'm finally studying i can't remember what i just read minutes ago. Add that with forgetting things frequently,i'm damn sure adhd has fried my brain well done
I've had a diagnosis for decades, and have tried every medication under the sun for this. You need to look past the brands. Both of the ones you tried are forms of dexamphetamine. It sounds like you need to try methylphenidate (ritalin is the short release, concerta is the extended release. There are pros and cons to both)  You could also look into altering your dose (with professional guidance) which will change the effect.  Be aware though, that it doesn't matter what you take, you do need to work on building good habits. The drugs are like glasses for your brain. They'll sharpen the image, but you still need to open your eyes. Unlike glasses, you will build up a tolerance to them as well, so even if they work initially, they might stop, or lessen.  The best advice I ever got for ADHD was to stop trying to be "normal" and start figuring out what works for you specifically. Treat your life like a puzzle to be solved, and then solve it! WHY can't you focus? Getting distracted by reddit? Look into software that blocks reddit during work hours. Can't focus in the mornings? Work in the evenings. Etc.  I will scream this bit from the rooftops as well. Struggling to get up on time? DISABLE YOUR EXTRA ALARMS! If you have dozens of alarms set, all you're doing is training yourself to sleep through your alarms. Try getting an alarm radio (or an app) that goes off ONCE, but then plays music. MAKE SURE IT STARTS WITH A DIFFERENT SONG every time. If it's the same song, it's just an alarm tone.   Remember: If you have ADHD, variety is your friend. We crave newness.  Best of luck to whoever reads this
Such a captivating upload.
Ok, I know no one will read this bur here it goes anyway: He took Adderall and Vyvanse which are dexamphetamine and lisdexamphetamine. The latter is a little different because the body metabolizes it into the former over time, which means it's slower acting but at tbe end if the day they are both the same stuff. There are other options and the goal for EVERYONE with ADHD should be to find the right drug for you in the right dosage. You make your life way harder than it needs to be if you go at it without medication. It might take a while until you find what works for you but it is definitely worth it.
the guy saying is 32 is so relatable 1:11
I went off the meds by myself and thought I was fine, but I definitely wasn't 10/10 do not recommend, talk to your psychiatrist
Not taking your meds suddenly is really bad and unfortunately I have  e x p e r i e n c e! I was taking zoloft but it wasn't working but no one was listening to me and they just kept trying to get me to take more even though I would get super tired, I couldn't focus, I got worse, and overall just feeling really bad. But then I just thought "Hey, let's stop taking this and not tell anyone and just put the pills in a bag and bring it to school so no one finds it!" I started throwing up in the bathroom and I almost passed out one time and then they found the bag and I had to go to the mental hospital again :)
Stopping stimulant medication without assistance is fine. The worst thing that happens is a withdrawal similar to caffeine. It's not fun to deal with but it won't actually hurt you like stopping other meds.
I have been taking Vyvanse for like 10 years.
Oh my God, I just realized how similar my daily cycle of being distracted is 😅
There were two different points in time that made me and my parents realize that Adderall wasn’t for me. The first time was in the middle of 6th grade when it was affecting my personality and nothing else. The second time was last year, when there was this big Adderall shortage and I had to go off meds and realized that’s why I had severe insomnia and had to take a melatonin pill every night. After about 3 months of no meds, I got on Concerta. 3 dosege upgrades later, here I am.
wheres the guy that adhd’s videos 😕
Annoying thing is I'm adhd and an aerospace engineer. I chose this cause it really really stimulating. Now I procrastinate from designing navigation systems for spacecrafts 😭😭
Snorted adderall once. shit had me bouncing off the walls like a crackhead
Loool meeee I need meds but I feel like  I'm not normal and I want to be normal like everyone else so i don't take it
I recently started adderall after years of being given concerta and not feeling anything. I still have a hard time doing things and focusing but with adderall I can get shit done. I think to do it and there's so much less resistance and I can just do it. Some days I don't get anything done but other days I was able to do like 12-15 things which is pretty rare for me. I do also find it still pretty hard to focus when learning.
5:50 pause it and look at his left hand. Why?
I'm sorry,I got 2 minutes in and adhd kicked in. I hope the rest of the video went well
Your Vyvanse experience, I had with Adderal. I tell people "it's like a laser, it takes every bit of focus i can muster which is usually spread around, and aims it at whatever I happen to be doing when it charges up and turns on." As you said, if you happen to be aiming at the wrong thing when it does, you'll either be super productive or burn the whole day.  Every ADD brain is a little different. Some are hyperactive, some are not, and some of the meds that address the hyperactivity part will KILL the motivation of someone who is not hyperactive (outside of their thoughts of course), which is exactly what we're trying to fix. Keep trying (slowly, it takes weeks to adapt) different solutions. You sound similar to me, so maybe give Straterra a try.  I just started on it but I've had luck with it at least in the short term. Don't give up!
i just started unconsciously playing ukulele while watching this video what
I really don't think "never ever ever stop taking your meds if you're getting terrible side effects and you can't reach your doctor" is necessarily a good idea. Sometimes you really do have to do that, and in your case you did.  It can certainly depend on the medication, and I'd look up the risks of stopping a particular medication, as it can definitely vary depending on what you're taking but there are often just as major of risks with continuing to take a medication that's hurting you so I don't think "never ever do this" is good advice
1:08  This is so true lol
i keep thinking about the fun cow video! 🎤🐄   where can we watch the source?
I was way too invested in the cow
0:16 metal pipe sound effect
For ages I'd take vyvanse... And then go back to sleep til it kicked in. Which maybe circumvented the "focused on the wrong thing" issue? My issue turned out to be, I had to take such a high dose to have it be effective, that I got jittery. And yeah a little out of breath.   These days I'm on bupropion, which is technically an antidepressant, but one which focuses on dopamine rather than serotonin. It's helped a lot with, like, my anger issues and anxiety? And focus, I can focus way better. But I'm not as physically productive as I want to be, so maybe I'll keep looking? Idk. A non-stimulant ADHD med might work better for you
Relatable 0:57
I am on concerta, and my body CANNOT function on on adderall.
I used to have ADHD when I was young, but I went to a therapist and got medications. These medications are supposed to heal me from ADHD somehow. That's what my parents told me. But I still feel like I still have ADHD and am not cured from a mental disorder because of some medications as told. Does medications really make ADHD go away?
Does anyone know what the cow song/video is? Did icecreamsandwich make it himself?
As somebody being super adhd right this second (leading to me finding this video…) I’m intrigued
Yeah with meds you really need the trifecta of meds, professional guidance, and habits, adjusting the proportions to taste.
I feel like I have mild ADHD. But I'm so used to it, that I don't get anything done about it
Who else wanted the intro music to continue?
Acid trip
Just got started on mine this week. My brain is QUIET for the first time ever. I just sat and relaxed in the quiet for a bit. No thoughts, unless I wanted to think them 😌
Out of curiosity is there any documentation on if someone took lile a half dose of both of these medications? I know that nothing about this whole topic is straight forward, but also sometimes things just work out. lol
I swear at 1:50 I heard the first note of Gourmet Race from the last trumpet
I had had to find the cow video...and its a song about drugs 😂 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyDyOweu-PA
I currently take Vyvanse and it works pretty well for me focus wise   But the problem is it unconditionally helps me focus. So when I’m in a good mood and just doing my work, I’m fine But if I’m feeling stressed for a deadline or something, while I do work at like 16x speed with it, I also feel like I’m about to have a nervous breakdown any second now and like I chugged 8 redbulls  And once the medication wears off in the evening I all strength evaporates from my body and I can barely exist   Also it almost completely removes my appetite  I should probably change medications but this is like the 5th one and it’s the first to mostly work
Let me say that I love taking Vyvanse and it’s helped a lot. But the first week or so I couldn’t stop focusing on puzzles 😂 I had bought an 1000 piece 7:54 puzzle then I focused on it for 8 hours straight 😭
Adhd is a superpower. We can hit hyperfocus more easily than normal brains.  Next. It's not an attention disorder. It's an executive decision disorder.
Somehow i think if you can keep a 3+m subscriber channel alive by posting hand drawn videos with carefully written scripts, you may not have adhd at all.
i took meth-.........ilphenydate.
The blunt phrase: "You are basically taking meth" is soooooo wrong, Methylphenidate, even when is part of the same family than meth it is entirely different, and the putting the consumption of a medicine under the same blunt universe as taking a dangerous and addictive drug stigmatices everyone that is under such medication for no good reason.
bro every animation channel has adhd
where you playing minecraft while making this video, i thot i heard dirt around 5:26 in
Everyone always talked about "the voices/thoughts" and I never understood ... until I took my first pill of Adderall and felt "the quiet" for the first time and got what people meant by voices. I was just so used to the constant flow that it became the norm
Stimulants are different then antidepressants. Stimulants are only in your system for the time that they're "active". Most people should have no issues quitting or stopping them cold turkey, unless you're not taking them as prescribed.
One important thing to note about medication and the unfortunate misunderstanding of being medicated, is it doesn't "cure" ADHD. It makes it easier to manage the symptoms of ADHD.
What am i gonna do with my life anyway lol so true
"Who even makes math?" made me laugh so hard hahahahaha Literally me sitting in math class as a kid.
I take Adderall it very good
That cow song at the beginning now lives rent free in my brain.
Wow everyone’s experience is so different
in asia, the cure is a bit different and you only need to apply it for few times on special occasions and it last for a lifetime if used correctly.   they use beating BTW.
How dose one get diagnosed? I have every symptom
drug
AD- *clicking another video* HD is a- *another video* a *another video* a thing that affect- *clicking another video* “hmmmmmm, do I have ADHD or not?”
Ya, we’re Balatro guys. Of course we comment on the wrong channel.
So what was the solution     drug.
anyone here just watch these vids for fun but doesn’t actually have Adhd
Yeah, you cannot fix genetic problems with drugs, nor can you fix bad parents and education, just like the whole country mentality. But hey, this shit is basically what your whole part of the world wanted, in the first place. To be "free" in everything, irresponsible and not forced by anything, self-forced included. Like an animal dream, a dog in a food land. When you let your mind and body be "anything it wants" and do "what it wants,"  the outcome is always the same. And when you're doing it from a young age (which is always someone's else mistake, because all kids are dumb by itself and will go this way), it solidifies forever, with no chance to escape. Nobody is born as a human; you can only become one. And it always means a lot of pain, self-torture, deprivation, and hardship in general. Non-stop discipline from the very start to the very end. Everyone is born as an animal, though, and you will remain one passively; it's what you will always get if you let it slide.  Don't be surprised to be replaced by AI in the future. Humans are unique and irreplaceable; animals are not. Any mentally disabled/primitive person is very easy to replace by the bots. The whole West is one big ADHD. Drugs will not help any of you except, ofc, the corpas and the doctors who gain % from the sales. But well, if to pick, I'd prefer to contact and be near a drugged idiot than a crazy and active person, so this is still kind of good for society, I guess.
Ritalin and its non brand vwrsions have worked for me  It leaves me feeling f ed up depressed when i dont take for more then 2 days though because i realize halfway in that could have been productive on my days off work   I also did have a kerbel space program phase
I was diagnosed with adhd but was not yet given the option of medication unless my mother hasn’t told me which I doubt. But I’m going to ask her because I at least want to try the medication if I can.
The only way I can explain adhd is like two brains working against each other also I hate using pills because they take the make me nothing like my emotions are just dead
i have adhd meds didnt stop me from fidgeting BUT IT DID help with me going hyper every 2 seconds
I had taken Ritalin when I was in school. This only lasted for 2-3 years. It made me go from happy go lucky do the fun thing, to tired, bawling all day everyday, misery. A few years back vyvanse was prescribed as I was struggling to pay attention - I find my adhd is exacerbated due to exhaustion and I think this was the real thing going on. It was fine for the first week or two and I felt like I could do anything.. then I could do nothing as same thing - I can’t breathe, straight to anxiety attacks and I blacked out while at work - just passed out. Sooooo.. medications are all fine and that if you find one that works. But it’s important to not stay on one that is doing more harm than good. Sure I was super zippy at work for a couple weeks; but the anxiety attacks leading to depressive episode made it so not worth it.
He would have literally ended his video at the point where he destroyed my laptop. I would have made him eat it, then crap me out a brand new one, already playing the video. I know it was done for comedy and all, but yeah. Nah.
The quickest way to diagnose ADHD is to see how many of the URL's on Wikipedia articles are purple
I have probably been medicated with my mom kinda gaslighting me or somtins, idk, but maybe will tell me docs after i leave the forbidden mamos horse.
Y'all got any more of that cow vid? <_<
I need this cow video! It looked mesmerizing.
I’ve been on Vyvanse for a while now. It was working great, then we upped my dose and I started to get some pretty bad symptoms with my other medications. So we took off my anxiety medication because I figure I would rather be able to human and I could manage the anxiety. However I discovered the combination of not having an SSRI, plus being on Vyvanse makes me an absolute rage monster- which of course takes almost two months to figure out because of how your SSRI’s work. Long story short don’t feel bad about talking to your psychiatrists or doctors about what you are experiencing or your goals are.
Legit basically same thing but also different.. they turned me into a mean kid that was full of rage or a zombie been on them most of my life on and off. When i was a kid i lost so much weight they was scared from me just dieing. Long story short meds are not for me and no worth it for me. Ill stick with having issues i guess.
I just wrote a 5 page essay. I thought to myself why. Then select it all and delete it. Yup still have it too. Wasted my time wasted Set a limited time frame on XyZ this will help and alarms and alerts
I had Adderall as a kid my body quite literally could not function on it I couldn’t do anything. I couldn’t even hold my bladder got on Concerta, which is what I took for a majority of my school years and it didn’t really do anything for me so now I just kinda like medicate with caffeine that is not actually a thing caffeine just helps some of us chill
If you have any problems that might come from the meds, stop taking the meds at once, even if you can't call the psych at once.  Meds can be really good, but also have some terrible side effects, so rememver to stop and notice their effects often in the beginning, so you can adjust if they have bad side effects.  Anyway, have ADHD, do meds ... or something
I have never felt so validated in my whole life
me; deathly afraid of medications, i've done _fine_ for 30 years, but then my economy went to shit, and since then i'm having more and more issues, which i presume are due to stress over my economical situation (i could _somewhat_ function before things went to hell and just kept digging deeper), i don't want pills, a large part being that i'm afraid of side-effects and dependency, but it's pretty much the only help i'm offered,  they also offered to zap-zap the brain but that's... kinda much worse,  i don't have an ADHD diagnosis, yet, but it took me 6 years of constant nagging to even just get depression, anxiety, and burnout, so who knows :v
Adderall isn't meth, tell your friend to get his facts right
Thank you!!! I was laughing A LOT while watching this!
I WANNA SEE THE COW VÍDEO AGAIN! XD
Not me who’s tried legitimately EVERY BLOODY TYPE OF ALL THE MEDS OF THIS and even my current one- it no works. Also try adding these amazing things called : autism asburgures OCD also I have a ‘tick in my voice’ with I’m pretty sure is just a bit of terets and (probably) anxiety:) help. Also I have that out of breath thing to but it’s either my amazing tick thing-o or anxiety OR idk someone give me a reason
That intro tho😂
I blame the internet for the rise of adhd. Growing up on a constant stream of clickbait and hot topics tailored to what grabs your attention sets you up for failure.  Lock your phone in a box and go outside for a walk, and you'll see what I mean.
I can relate to this, ADHD can't really be medicated. I remembered when I took my first ADHD medication... as my doctor said it's used for drug addiction and ADHD and depression... anyways, the medication name was Bupropion. When I took it, medication started out as fine at first, till 1 month later I started to develop side effects that were actually bad. One of them was the increase of Su1c1de thoughts. This was a real side effect, as well as Emotional block which didn't even help with my ADHD, it just effected me HORRIBLY. Turns out my doctor gave me the wrong medication as that medication was suppose to be used for smoke addiction. Not ADHD. Even though it "could" help, it did nothing for me.   Be careful when thinking of taking medication for ADHD. Do research before thinking.
The one thing I hate about Adderall is when you run out and ur body just can't do anything like super depressive episodes
Adderal isn’t meth, By the way. I relate to the bulk of your experience but adderal is not meth
I wanted to see more cow. :(
i didn't like medicine as a kid, it tasted weird and gross. as i got older, i got introduced to cannabis and it has dramatically helped with my adhd.
The intro killed me 😂💀
just wanted to say I hate your shit.
Remember that the days that things don't get done are still better for you than the ones where you just didn't have the assistance. Taking the time to enjoy life and work on a healthy mental even if that means a little escapism is still a net positive.  I relish the days I get to just look at and go, that was totally worth it for the good it provided.
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE SONG IN THE VERY BEGINNING???
"instead of consuming multiple media at once"   He says as im scrolling twitter while watching this video  🥲
Sort of off topic and on topic but my ADHD brain picked up lots of animal crossing sound effects
i'm starting the diagnostic process in a couple days, right now I'm diagnosed with other medical conditions and medicated for those, and ALL my adult life I've taken some sort of medication for  my psychatric problems. DO NOT stop the medication on your own, suddenly, never. It could go really bad and lead to bad decision making. as to meds making you feel "off", always talk to your professional, because you shouldn't feel worse while taking something that should make you feel okay.
I'm on the Canadian equivalent of Ritalin and when it kicked in the first time I was just hit with a wave of quiet, it was a bit overwhelming at first but it definitely helps me with habit forming and getting things done, often still in that chaotic adhd way but I actually finish the majority of the tasks I start. Definitely not perfect and I still have to fight with myself to do things sometimes, but I also don't descend into toxic thought spirals when on meds and that has helped my mental health so so much. I like being alive so much more even though my general life circumstance has not changed that much
Try dexmethylphenidate.
Adderall isn't meth. It's literally not meth. Quit repeating this lie.
Been on vyvanse for about 8 years now… not a doctor of course, but sounds like your dosage was way off, I’m on low dose now and it’s a Goldilocks. These types of medications are def. Not a “more is better” type of thing.  That being said, like any medical situation, medication is simply one part of the equation… better to look at it as a “protocol”, a series of things that must be done to be considered it a treatment.  So many folks are looking for a quick fix to ADHD and are excited when meds start to work, but they are disappointed when it doesn’t fix their habits (as you pointed out). It’s kinda like how you can use fire to cook a steak or burn a house down, it’s not the flame that’s the issue - it’s the application.  Thank you for attending my TEDxTampa talk
i can understand everything perfectly in that  p o l i s h   c o w    because i am polish :3
Why cant you use them all? Because theres no downsides, they just work together to get rid of the downsides because of the original way they work.
I have 2.5mg of the same main ingredients of Adderall and I personally really like it, but the downside is that it's not exactly the cure-all. You need a lot of other adaptations. Meds can be an excellent tool, but not a solution. Ritalin was absolutely terrible for me. Made me want to not be alive. When you're taking meds and they're not working great, please contact your psychiatrist. There's always a solution. One of those is not using meds at all.
I've taken 4 different types of antidepressants for years and they never did anything so recently I stopped (which btw it took WAY WAY WAY longer to for withdrawal symptoms to stop, several weeks, not the 2 weeks they say it'll be.) taking them and at first I felt kind of emotional, like I was suddenly experiencing the full scope of reality for the first time in a while. It's mellowed out and I'm back to normal, just like how I was before and during the meds. I have also been diagnosed with a mixed type of ADHD and got a prescription for uhhh idk I forget all I know is that it was a stimulant and my insurance WAS supposed to cover it but there was something wrong and they said lol no no no you have to pay over $100 for this lil ol bottle here and we said FUCK that and I haven't bothered continuing that journey. I think it will likely end the same way the antidepressants did. But honestly... The way you described vyvance working for you- I wonder if that would be a good option for me,,, hmmmmm
Some ADHD meds can cause migraines , etc. I was diagnosed at a young age so I know the struggle.🤣
I have combine type ADHD and lets just say. School is not for me XD
That's why you Allways should do breaks...  My Doc, told me, to take my Medikation only for this long, and then habe a few days off. On the one hand, your body and especially brain will be able to recover a bit and on the other hand it's somewhat like with coffee... When you don't take it fore a while it is suddenly not 40% helpful, but 200% let's me focus again.  Meanwhile I only take them when I need them, so when I see I can't do my tasks. Like right now since I'm watching this vid I stead of working... Bruh...  BTW... Yt Shorts, IG Reels or TikTok don't help again adhd... Scariest human invention available to everybody...
this video anctually really helped me understand adhd. both my brother and boyfriend have it and this helps me put myself in their shoes
Vyvanse made me really productive for about 30minutes… then it made me walk backwards in circles for two hours then I collapsed and spazzed on the floor acting possessed. Family found me and called 911 and they gave me a fat dose of Benadryl. Slept for 48 hours then woke up sore lol. Ig I’m allergic.
Is it weird that I have experienced all these side-effects (minus the really medical, out-of-breathe one) just in normal, unmedicated ADHD life.
Adderall is not effectively meth
‘is the heat death if the universe something I need to worry about?’ - Ice Cream Sandwich Braincell 5, 2023. Also I believe I am the 6 million view :>
0:15I love how no one is talking about the reference to cocaine
To be completely honest, there are other medications out there still. Vyvanse had similar results for me so I stopped and moved to Quillichew. That worked extremely well for about 3 years until my body wasn't able to metabolize it enough. And so now, thanks to Markiplier, im on Azstarys. Azstarys is insane. It takes only 30 mins, lasts the entire day, lets you focus, and gives you the energy needed. The thing is though, when you first start taking it, the symptoms are gonna suck but I can say with certainty, they will go away after like, a month or so. After that is all smooth sailing with the medication.
So I learned absolutely nothing new
5:34 lmaoo, I have my laptop on to watch this, with my phone on beside me, and a drawing book thats open next to me to draw pfftttt
i was perplexed to find that when normal people do stimulants they experience adhd-like symptoms. i have no idea why the fuck they do it then. this shit sucks lmao
Idk if I have ADHD but I don’t feel like I’m neurotypical. I wanna get a proper diagnosis done but they’re so expensive. But I really don’t think I can do it anymore, I can never concentrate even if I really need to (as in I WILL get side tracked when someone is talking TO me, which makes me seem like an ass), my brain is always at 20 different places at once, I keep forgetting things and even the things I’m literally doing atm and so on.   A recent example I can think of is like 3 hours ago when I’ve been trying to study but every other minute I’m always getting distracted (either by drawing or having questions on another topic separate from the one I was currently doing which causes me to go search up on it and it just ends up being a downward spiral of hopping from material to material and after an hour I realised what I did and had to continue where I left off)
Lol... Funny presentation. And true. ADHD meds are tools that you need to equip with the right mindset.  You have to at least manifest the _will_ to do the task, and with that mindset: bring the tool to work.   If you take it while scrolling on your phone... you're just going to end up more zoned in on scrolling on your phone (lol).
I went straight to the video of the cow when I finished watching this
I've only just started my journey into this, and was given Vyvanse for the first medication.  The focus and the QUIET have been definitely thd best part of it.  Your focus on what you happen to he doing at the time it kicks in is interesting and ill have to pay attention for that.  The most magical experience i had was while doing laundry.  In the process i found 3 other tasks that needed doing.  My brain just effortlessly went "huh, those need doing. I'll add them to the list!" and carried on with the laundry.  I wasn't immediately distracted, i didnt feel overwhelmed by the new job load, it was amazing!  But I'm definitely learning that i still need therapy to help break those old cycles and habits , because even though I'm actually aware of them now, i still fall into the habit of doing them.
better without meds
Since this video came out I've started taking meds. I'm on both stratera (to give me energy) and adderall (to give me task doing/focus) at the same time and it works amazing honestly. I'm lucky in that most of the side effects are actually positives for me (not getting hungry, etc.). I'm glad this video exists, but I would suggest trying other meds in the future. There are a lot of options out there and any combination could be the right one for you. It could take a while though.
7:40 that's me every day! XD And If I don't drop it, I loose it...
Cannabis seems to work.
I have ADHD and a compound issue of stress induced depression. Started taking Seroxat (Paroxetine as a Hydrochloride) and it reduced my emotional highs (which were caused by my stress). It had the side effect of allowing me to focus... I guess my ADHD diagnosis came from my stress response, which in turn came from my slight autism.  Personally, I still feel like my meds aren't powerful enough, more like 80% of my ideal result. But fuck it, good enough is good enough.  Oh also, my stress stems from my lack of social comprehension ability due to my autism, I basically overthink myself into a singular emotion until I have a break down or remove myself from the situation. If I'm stuck in the situation (aka, job) I start sweating, getting shakes, getting angry and eventually either crying from frustration or flying into a violent rage. Haven't had one of those last two since 9th grade in highschool over 15 years ago.  in short: brain complex, doctors are throwing pills at you considering their previous attempts and what worked for who with what symptoms and lifestyle they have. That's why they ask you weird questions that seem unrelated. if they don't ask you weird seemingly unrelated questions, leave and seek another doctor.
Medication for suppressing a higher state of being.... you fools. I... hallo butterfly... I too have ADHD and am 40. Never have I ever used medication for my ADHD. We ADHD's folk are also special and we can think 10x as fast and as much. Accept whom you are, and be it!
cool video, and now i hate more Nord Vepe ENNN
jesus christ. had the same experience with those, glad to know i just aint a puss that pussied out bc the meds gave me crippling anxiety, unability to sleep, feeling like a molding sack of shit and my heart beating like it wanted to escape from me too bad i find this in my recommended a year late
should i unsubscribe
I used to take adhd meds in school and honestly I don’t really remember how they made me feel, like I was good at school without trying but always in my own world no matter what, and eventually I just stopped taking adhd meds because I didn’t like them very much (more stuff going on than that but yeah) then a few years later I started them again for school and the stimulants just made me so unreasonably angry all the time, I ended up trying to drop out because I was so angry (prolly didn’t help I was smoking weed too but whatever) then I tried another same exact thing happened (yeah even trying to drop out a second time) then I just stopped them, I had a really hard time finishing school but I did and now I just, yeah, what was I talking about
Why did I read the thumbnail Adhd but guh medicated
I had a very similar experience with my ADHD process.  Out of breath moments with Adderall, and it really was not great for my anger issues. Was on a few different ones, Adderall seemed to be the best one, but I could really feel the addiction catching me.  Been hitting life "raw" for the last four years doing great.  Definitely not doing nothing about it, therapy and management practice has been a game changer.
el gobierno gobierna con su pierna
What you experienced going from one medicine to another my mother + I call "The Medication Dance." That stepping from one to the next trying to find what works for you is definitely no fun dance party. For some of us (like me), it results in a medicine or combination of medicines that has the desired effect. Not so for all.
adderall and vyvanse are both amphetamines. Both close to meth lol
is it sad I really like the cow?
4:24 is so funny
If I narrated my thoughts aloud, I couldn't speak fast enough. Also the drugs stops that second voice that says "Maybe some other time" and I just...do things, logically, in order, right now.
Oh no, but I'm already unsubscribed. Oh well.
reminder that meds don’t work for everyone sometimes you just need better organizational skills but whether your taking meds or not you need a schedule
„Hey, let's talk about ADHD and here comes the really important part! — — — But first of all, I want to say thank you to my sponsor!!!”  Rrrrrright....
moo! *dances on your brain folds*
All fun and games but bring me the singing cow URL
labo at beginning
I have used to take Adderall it made me see shadow people, fun stuff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPKwAcu_vPg THIS GUY JUST COPY THE ENTIRE VIDEO BUT IN SPANISH XD
Got something wrong with you take a pill. Why are so many people being diagnosed in their mid twenties, why are doctors so happy to prescribe this to young kids? ADHD is real and the medication works. I wanna know why so many people get diagnosed and get prescribed is it a money racket? As a kid I was on Adderall the doctor told my mother it was like having a cup of coffee soon 5mg went to 30mg and I can tell you that shit is nothing like a cup of coffee.
The inner math argument followed by random noise is all too real 😭😭😭
1:12 so I’m on a waiting list for an ADHD diagnosis, and I’m currently in top set in maths. The other day, I was sitting in maths and we were diving, adding, multiplying etc- when I got to a part where I had to multiply 8 x 7. Not a hard question. But I was just sitting there trying to remember if it was 54 or 56 instead of just counting back and double checking. I had too many thoughts going on that I just exclaimed “WHAT’S 8 X 7????”. I was a little panicked (but also found it a little funny) because I had limited time. My best friend was killing herself laughing and told me.   I’m pretty sure I ended up getting that question wrong, too.
Have you thought of instant relief Adderall?
what really helped me was A starting a relationship with god and B taking really small steps with a big motive
I have 0 iq😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
ADHD is the only thing I know about this game
did any else think his hair were fingers at first or was that just me?
Me=concerta yes I have adhd
Like 10% of the population has "normal attention" everyone has a hard time focusing or concentrating it is a skill/muscle to develop.
Has anyone ever realized how horrifying a medication that alters key aspects of your personality is?
Did u know.. Polish cow is a man singing about escaping reality through the use of drugs! (Not-so) Fun Fact of the day! 00:01
lol watching this instead of getting dressed for work. I have my shit together, I promise :,)
Juicing people up on meds instead of thinking maybe what they are doing daily isn't interesting is likely most of the problem. It is human nature to look for extrinsic means of fixing your problems instead of looking internally at what you are doing. It is easier that way.
7:38  This is way more relatable than I'd like to admit..
i have the same problem, i get the side effect of being reeeeeeally stressed, so i am on a lower dose now.  Works well enough
this cow is really sick, gonna look at the rest of the video now
That's what it feels like for me every day. I haven't been diagnosed. The weird thing is that i wasn't like that all my life. I had extreme focus as a teen. But at some point in my early 20's it just started to be like that. Did something like this ever happen to anyone? Who did you solve it?
as someone who got adhd from my mom i can confirm it is very annoying.
then if i take a adhd pill and i think on 3 stuff  like finish an animation learn about coding or furiously masturbate then the pill just choose one of them randomly and im forced to do one of them againts my voluntary?
#JUSTICEFORCOMPY
I’m taking adderal rn
add all my life here welcome... wait was that a squirrel ?
At 6:29 I’ve felt this before as someone with ADHD (+ autism :’]) When I was in 4th grade I was taking Aderal for my ADHD and it made me REALLY dizzy and out of breath. I figured out it was my medication shortly after AND MY MOM UPPED THE DOSE… my mom is a little slow 😭 (it started at 5, then to 10, then to 15 and shes still trying to make me say it…)
me going back on parts of the video because my brain didn't properly absorb it so I gotta listen to it again...
DUDE i thought the out of breath thing was just me its like pressure on your chest
first time i took adderall i got an assignment and a short essay done in a day and i started to stare at the wall in awe of myself
Man I have had unmedicated adhd and its a fuckin ride the beggining 2 plus 2 scene is so relatable
I have the smallest case of adhd and i don't Need medication.
I have a HUGE problem and it is that by now I don't know what I should focus on, I'm completely lost so I wonder if I had those meds, will they really help me? Just dropping a piece of my mind here 😅
Well, there are some meds you really shouldn't stop on your own. Like antidepressants and anxiety meds. But at least my ADHD meds (Concerta) you can either take or not, there's no danger in stopping it cold turkey, or just not taking it for a day or few days.
i wish i could just focus. i know i could achieve so many great things. but i just can't because i've never even hear of any adhd medication at all, in my country.
I hate the meds. Vyvanse works the best for me, but no matter what I take, I get an upset stomach and then have trouble sleeping for a few days. I only take them when I have something urgent.
6:34 is every doctors visit during the pandemic in a nutshell
Did you find a way it works?
POLSKA REFERENCJA
I was told by a doctor at age 8 i had adhd and they gave me 20 mg of Ritalin or Adderall.. it didnt do anythih but make me feel down and not want to do much of anything...so I stopped taking it and at age 15 smoked pot for the first time and it made my mind slow down enuff that everything became more focused.. and ive been a pothead ever since it dog make me lazy or feel down and i can go to work and do damn near anything i want
Being normal is having one little dude in your head. Adhd is having eight people with eight people with eight people with eight people in their head
*drug*
You said Concerta weirdly, any particularly reason? I ask cause that's the medication I take...should I be worried?
0:00 "The government governs... with their leg"
The symptoms you described are referred to as Vyvanse crash, it would usually hit around the 3/4 mark of the effectiveness of the medicine. I stumbled on this explanation over on r/ADHD. There's a number of workarounds but surprisingly staying hydrated especially at the time of taking the medication is shockingly effective. Hope this helps.
Without my meds my asshole adhd self comes out, I cannot stress how much that 80mg of concerta helps me be a nice and normal person person!
7:23 Edit: Just noticed this video is a year old at this point. Oh well, hopefully this is still good information for others. You are taking stimulant medication, those usually do not need you to taper off when you have only used it for a little while and even for long term usage, that is not a solid rule as these medications affects individuals differently. I myself regularly take breaks from Concerta, never experienced withdrawals and my GP is fully aware I am doing so. It depends on how well you know how the medication affects your body and I have half my lifetime worth of experience with Concerta.  Non-stimulant medication with the exception of Strattera requires tapering off (Strattera remains in the body for so long it tapers itself off). It is also fully justified when you experience such a bad reaction to the medication like you just did.  ADHD medication should ideally feel like putting on glasses. Glasses corrects your vision, ADHD medication should correct the chemical imbalance in your brain. If you experience bad side effects, you are always better off unmedicated.
i had [mental problem] and i ate lions mane and [banned by the USA] mushrooms, I feel like a complete person now without issues.
As a person with crippling ADHD, both off or on meds doesn't seem to affect me anymore. No clue if my TRD is related to my ADHD, but I'm mad jealous of people who were able to do well in school without any meds, as even on meds it was really hard. I'm even more jealous of people who get to "become a person" or "be happy" after taking a pill. After going through dozens of medications, doctors and treatment since I was 6 (several decades ago at this point), life has felt like a massive unrewarding chore. I know it sounds messed up, but I wish there were more people with my ADHD intensity so I could at least have people to relate to. What a drag.
The polish cow in the beginning was saying some illegal things if you knew like drug dealing, and stuff. Im polish
YOOO SAME MED JOURNEY 🔥🔥🔥
I feel like ADHD is when your Unconscious' autopilot is so weak, your natural chaotic personality reigns.
My med cycles go in a crest and trough pattern (Adderall and Prozac here since 2014)
It's sad how many of these worthless garbage AI comment bots are infesting every medical video on the platform. You would think YouTube might remove this trash, but I guess they simply don't care since it makes them money.
I was watching this video as i'm taking a break through task E. Dammit! Caught red handed :(
0:37 Those damn butterflies and their effects!
Concerta gud in right dosis
Some unsolicited advice:  I took the exact same path as you and ended up giving up after Vyvanse made me feel like garbage for 2 months straight before cutting cold turkey. I didn't take meds for YEARS after that.   Recently I tried again with focalin, and had similar results to what you had with Adderall, so I switched to a non stimulant, called Straterra (Atomoxetine is the generic). Since I have been on Atomoxetine, I have actually been able to focus, but it does require effort. That being said, the impulse control (what you described as not having the ability to control your attention direction on Vyvanse) improved TREMENDOUSLY. I think this is because my ADHD stems from a lack of norepinephrine (what SNRIs like Atomoxetine treat) rather than a lack of dopamine (what stimulants treat). If this sounds like you, I'd highly recommend trying a non stimulant.   For Atomoxetine or Guanfacine, you might have the nausea side effect especially towards the start, or on a dose increase. They say you can take these meds without food or with food, but unless you want nausea, you should eat something, particularly protein or fat rich foods. Also, avoid only dairy/carbs (so no cereal 😢). Another option is taking it before bed since these meds build up in your system rather than working upon activation, which is also great for ADHD because if you miss a dose it isn't the end of the world.   Also, I highly recommend a timer cap. It counts up in hours and minutes from the last time you opened the bottle. This was really useful for my forgetfulness, so I always know if I did or didn't take my meds.  Hope this helps someone, good luck!
9/11
Here's my experience with ADHD medication. So I've been taking it since I was a kid, and was taking ritalin. At some point they switched me to concerta but I didn't like it so I got switched back to the ritalin.  I'm fine without it if I'm just spending the day doing nothing, but it definitely helps me focus. Without it I'll act without thinking, like using a knife in a way I could cut myself or walking across the road without checking for cars. Also thinking before I speak. On the flip side, when I was younger I tended to be a bit shy so not taking it helped me to open up to new people rather than quietly sitting in the corner entertaining myself. I'm not a very social person.
0:13
I took Vivance as well and my experience was mostly insane hyper fixations and constantly feeling full or not hungry ever. The hunger bit got so bad that when I was 10, I was only 50 pounds and you could put both hands around my stomach. My mom talked to my doctor and apparently that's kinda the same with every ADHD medication. Any of yall have this problem too?
I took adhd medication in late 2021 and they were working for the most part, but I had a really hard time with taking them consistently. every time I went to the doctor I would say that I think they’re working, but I wasn’t really sure. So they just upped the dosage and that ended up being really bad for me since I was having about 40 mg of my meds every day. Whenever I took them, I was a little anxious mess and I didn’t feel real the entire day. not only was I forgetting to take my medication but I also hated to take it so I just stopped one day. Since I haven’t been back to get meds, but I’m getting help now and I’ll hopefully have meds soon. I don’t really want them, but I know I need them to be productive. I’m just doing what to do.
A tip for my ADHD homies Vyvanse has worked well for me but I've had a similar issue of locking into whatever I was doing when meds peak - I have improved both the come on and come down by dissolving in water and drinking over a couple hours, much smoother and my life has improved dramatically! Water dissolving only works for some meds make sure to check your info pack and talk to your doc.
holy shit 2:22
Nothing is covid... Stop feeding into that stupidity.
For my current medication, I'm on concerta At first- it made me worse, manic even- let's just say it's a good thing for everyone around me's safeties that I stopped taking it- then I got desperate when taking a test because I knew what it was like already by then to be able to properly function- so I tried with the medication again I never had that anger come back that way again- it just *didn't* so for me- adhd medication does work! BUT, this doesn't mean it can or will work for everyone- for me as a child Adderall almost alt f4'd my heart oops, but concerta now does wonderfully for me
i  drink retalin every day
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Ja pierdolę, ale mam zjazd Nie chwytam gwiazd, jak kłoda leżę Nie wierzę Co się dzieje Jak kura z głodu pieję Jak wilkołak do księżyca W głowie dziury jak ulica Przed twoją chatą Rozpuszczam się jak baton Który leży na blacie Zejście jest jak nie wciągacie Bracie kurwa ryj mi krzywi W głowie burdеl jak w TV Mnie nie dziwi taki stan Brak towaru, w myślach ćpam Rade dam albo niе dam Wszystko kurwa z chaty sprzedam W sumie mam już przejebane Wszystko jednak jest sprzedane Ja pierdolę, same długi Kinol jak u Tabalugi Dzień drugi bez walenia Gdzie jest wąż? Biała chemia Jebane zejście tak wykańcza Jak by w chuja dziabła cię szarańcza Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Chemia party, chcę na narty Do dilera, a nie w Alpy O żesz kurwa, chyba fiknę Jak w nochala nic nie psiknę Tak bardzo chce dotykać gwiazd Ale nic z tego, bo mam zjazd Totalne kurwa mega zejście A marzy mi się smoka wejście Masz hajsy? Ci też zalegam? No to chuj, dziś już nie biegam Chcę mieć kopa jak pantera W krechę nie ma u dilera Już nie, na pewno nie Chyba śmierć rozkłada mnie Nic nie przełknę, mam dreszcze Kurwa mać, ile jeszcze Będzie trwał ten stan? Śnił mi się koksu van I hery gram tak dla smaku Chcę się wozić w Cadillacu Myślami po znajomych biegam Lecz każdemu coś zalegam Odpada opcja pożyczki Bo przycinam jak nożyczki Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Syf jak na Discovery Chcę wystrzelić jak z giwery Chcę hery i inne bajery W nosie pustka, słychać szmery Macie numer do Gargamela? Może u niego w kotle jest hera? Wiem - głupoty pierdolę Ale nie ma nic na stole A w kieszeni jebana pustka Przydała by się w totka szóstka Albo chociaż jakaś czwórka I bym leciał jak jaskółka Jak pszczółka Maja Do ucha śpiewałaby mi Kayah To są jaja, no nie wierzę Wygięty leżę jak zdechłe zwierze Gorączka w kurwę się nasila Poharatany jak dupa fakira Jak zdzira wymiętolony Leżę kurwa rozpalony Hej Johnny, chciałbym posypać I na łące jak królik brykać Ale cały czas ten zjazd Usycham jak wyrwany chwast Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz
Ah Poop, I unsubscribed... guess there's no way to reverse this.
I took Vivanse once. Then I realised that I was normal. Then I was wondering what is normal. Then I tried to be normal. Then I became crazy. Then I drank to forget all that. Then I'm normal. Crazy story.
All 3 of the people in our house have ADHD and take different meds. We also all have different comorbidities. (other disorders that co-exist at the same time with ADHD) I've been on Vyvanse for a few years and yeah, it can lead to hyper-focus. (ADHDers do it naturally if they find something extremely interesting) I highly recommend journaling to get thoughts out. You begin to see patterns and can decide if what you're busying yourself with is important. It can take time to find a med/dose that works for you. Always consult experts, communicate with them as thoroughly as possible, and remember it's your treatment. Feel free to seek out other options and professionals if you're unhappy.
some medc are ok to stop taking suddenly. Make sure you have the how to stop figured out with health professional before you are in that position though. Why isn't that step one. Like I had to specifically ask for it. 😵‍💫
ADHD brain in short without medication   "GOTTA GO FAST! GOTTA GO FAST! GOTTA GO FASTER FASTER FASTER FASTER FASTER!"  But with no control.   ADHD in short but with medication  "Gotta go fast! But with a little more controll" :)
As a person with ADHD. This video is so relatable.
dopamine being dead is so real
BRING BACK THE DANCING COW!  😠
cow cow :D
Song ?? 0:15 ??
Methylphenidate go brrrrrrrrrrrr, it's like ur taking cocaïn.... I know some adhd people and I'm the only one who is taking Equazym ; they say it's "too violent". (yup, 60mg hit hard, but if u need it, u take it)
0:12
So i recently went to a psych to discuss meds and getting professionally diagnosed.  She gave me a test and gave me a prescription for some meds. She puts me on the lowest dose of it. And honestly I'm not sure if the dose is high enough cause I have been taking it for a couple weeks now and it feels like my adhd might be getting worse 🫤. I just spent the last 6 hours just watching storytime animators videos. Don't get me wrong, the videos are great, but 6 hours??!! Come on! Let me do anything else brain! 😠😣🧠
i have hyperactive adhd lol
I am on meds and have had a mostly positive experience
ADHD is like any other disability (for lack of a better word). It takes proper medication (no, weed and shrooms don't count) and lifestyle changes. I need reminders, time blocking, and lots of routine to function.
I have ADHD but I take no meds because it was making me have ocd moments but I’m good now also my first ADHD medication made me feel like hurting myself but all the types of adhd meds made me feel shaken up and I did not like that but I was never focused so the meds never helped
when i'm in conversation with someone and i get enthousiastic, which is seldom these days, i sometimes impulsively answer someone without listening to properly, or thinking about properly what that person said. so.. someone was talking with me at a dutch coffeeshop. she told me she had been going for a solid 8 years (for various reasons), and i randomly shouted 'NICE!' across the entire shop. i have been ashamed ever since lol   when i get enthousiastic i also start to talk with this high-pitched louder voice that makes it seem like i'm frustrated, which understandably confuses people.
concerta works for me
its so annoying when people say "adderall is meth!" This rumor started because the similarity in the molecular structure, the only difference is a methyl group (CH3) on the benzene ring of the molecule.. But it's metabolized completely differently which causes drastically different outcomes physiologically
This is very good, that is my brain all of the time, hard to get anything done, and other times I will focus on one thing that I enjoy and the world disappears.
Pizza
your videos are so funny :D
As someone who has adhd, it’s really weird when someone talks about how they can do work or get through a lot of boring office stuff and just focus, when focusing for me is like a different colour outside the human viewable colour spectrum, I really don’t understand what it is to focus on something that I do not enjoy, yes I can sit and play certain games for hours but to focus on something not enjoyable sounds utterly impossible, I can’t even comprehend it figuratively. That constant dopamine that feeds into me as I begin task’s is the only motivation that can really let me finish what ever it is. Sometimes even if I enjoyed it at first, I quickly lose that sensation and will give up or walk away 95% percent of the time. I feel like this is the symptom and minuet  detail that separates real adhd and excuse adhd for attention.
People are too obsessed about the stimulant options sometimes, there are non-stimulant options that can have a more positive effect on certain people than Methylphenidate, Lisdexamfetamine or Dextroamphetamine.
I have ADHD and and I'm able to focus at school but not a dime in the world when I'm at home unless I really want it but listening to stuff helps me do it
wheres the cow video from
Fun fact, you can get someone's attention if you actually 'tried' to empathize to their interests... Most of the time people want to get attention by diverting them away from their interests.
This video is very quiet
And now none of this matters because ALL of the medications are on a shortage!
I DON"T NEEED MEDICATION HA oh look a piece of candy  yum
It's just like an asynchronous "okay, what next, brain?" until sensory overload safety measures of the conscious mind can only perceive white noise, unless the body is tired enough to sleep.  I'm lucky enough that Adderall somewhat helps with focus and makes me not want to get up to do any physical tasks, except, break days are beyond physically noodle-arms exhausting.  "Do not be tunnel visioned on results..." is helpful for me, I get very bent out of shape over focusing on the wrong things and being tired the following day, so I'll kinda just freeze up for days.  I will talk to my psychiatrist about Vyvanse, because now that you mention it, Adderall definitely seems to stimulate my heart more than my brain. Anyways, thanks for making this video :)
Have you ever tried cannabis?
Adhd I saw the Polish cow, and I opened it and listened to it until I returned to the video.  😅
4:24 FFFFFFFFOCUS
Eh. Not taking adhd meds suddenly is kinda fine. Depression meds are different. Adhd meds are honestly kinda find to chop change tho.  Don't randomly stop taking heart medication tho!!! Found that out last week 😅
The military really helped me. ADHD needs to be corrected very sternly by parents who understand how to shape your brains reward centers, but it just is not realistic to expect all parents to have the time, energy, or knowledge to do that. The military made it impossible to not develop some form of personal responsibility and organization. It wasnt perfect by any means, but after leaving i was able to restart a life completely on my own away from any support network. I working my way up from scraping by at 28 to a boring regular adult life with 3 cats and a girlfriend at 30. Boring is good, trust me. Boring was the goal.   Only after doing all those things did i restart my medicine at 30. You see the benefits so much more clearly when you have a foundation of good behaviors to work off of. Giving this stuff to kids and saying "good luck dude!" is wasting so much potential good. Especially when those kids are thrown into an education system that is barely equiped to handle regular students let alone anyone that slightly differs from the beaten path.
So relatable, first time on stimulants I had a sudden realization that I was just doing things. I see dishes? I just.. did them. The whole in my head wall block was removed and that feeling is intense and profound.
Lmao ya I’m a Vivans person and I can def vouch for the insane focus
You on vivance sounds like me on my tism frfr less of a healthy focus and more of an uncontrolled hyperfocus
Vyvanse works. I've taken it and it works. For me though, it also destroys my appetite. Like, I eat breakfast, take the pill, then I get nauseous and I cannot enjoy eating food for the rest of the day.   I stopped taking my vyvanse too. I guess side effects are much more common with it than one might expect.
I was given Ritalin so I can focus, but there was no mention of ADHD. I've been suspected of having it, but never a confirmation. Its werid. Do I have ADHD????
Atomoxatyn 10mg
Thank you so much andy! I started mEth because of this video 😄never better
I am professionally undiagnosed. The doctors literally cannot tell if I have ADHD. I’m getting medication and it’s helping enough for me to focus in school but I could use more. It doesn’t last that long so by 7th period I’m not focused at all. It’s not fun. A few small problems is that I read my entire book in one day because I was way to focused. Same thing happened with my podcast series. Like now what I want more of the podcast but it’s over. I want more over my book but that book is over
I had a similar experience when I tried to switch to a stronger adhd medication, it got to the point where I was paranoid and constantly had headaches and I was barely going to school so we switched back and I'm fine now
that is wird to come to english vid for english named canal and first thing i hear is polish song (I am Pole).
For me, I cut adderall cold turkey and I am very lucky I didn't die lol.  But now I can focus like I am on adderall without drugs since I've been on it for 20 years, kinda resembled my brain :v though the first 2 weeks off the medication was hell
i just didnt skip the add because im tied
This video's direction has been the gist of both peers and myself. Medication gives you a prism to focus all your beams of energy into a single task for focus among other areas but is only half the solution. You must still apply yourself to point this white beam of focused light at the correct tasks. These amphetamines and the sort help here whether your body can facilitate that or not (You will lose a lot of weight starting out if you forget to eat, and will) and you can begin unwraveling your short reward pathways. But you still have to put that work in.  After long enough the imminent rush of taking and of the big three ADHD medications will fade and you will want to avoid going into withdrawal alike those who take it recreationally would also go through when stopping abruptly. Tolerance builds up and you're in a position where your body is now dependent on the medicine to function. Getting up might be harder and you will definitely realize after a very long day of feeling like a sack of tired shit that oops, you forgot to take it that morning as the routine got broken.  Its a choice and can certainly help especially the first few months of starting stimulant medications. But they're easy to abuse and quietly become a dependency fast. There are plenty of side effects including stomach problems and a severe amplification of existing tics or never before seen ticking, extremely dry skin and issues in the 'monthly cycle'. And the worst: Sleep at the end of the day.  They're amphetamines after all (Even Vyvance but the pro-drug you take is not broken down into an amphetamine until later into the blood stream and yes is overall a slower burn through the day rather than having to remember to take say, Dexamphetamine 2-3 times a day).  Most of my peers had to set alarms for when to eat because it stops hunger pain in its tracks. It becomes scary easy to forget to eat for a day or two in a row. You can lose 22 LBS in a month screwing that up like one of my male friends did.  In my case I got medication in my mid twenties after finally giving up on my last crutch to deal with how life was for me. I have them and at this point I would rather live without the many "eyes closed pretending they're not there" side effects. Any day of the week. But going into withdrawal identically to some of the scariest cases I've seen with some old friends who made the mistake of doing real meth, scares me. And while I will never abuse this medication so many people either do or trade it for the scary stuff. While these prescriptions aren't nearly the same dosage as people doing the nightmare of all drugs (methamphetamine, ADHD medication's scariest and most destructive cousin) recreationally I still fear going into withdrawal from my own poor-man amphetamines here prescribed for my brain.  I do not want to rely on these any more than I have to. And I frequently ask my phychologist to let me ween off onto some of the non-stimulating options. I currently take a combination of both and still want off the stimulants. Its barely... BARELY... worth the side effects and the entire benefit begins to fall off by the time a year has passed, but that was always the goal it's not for a high, its supposed to get saturated in your system. That's when the intended medicated change is expected to begin.
Ok now I am almost SINCERELY convinced that I have ADHD. Not as strong as yours. I don’t walk in circles and talk to myself for example… I talk to myself when I am lying in bed… wait-
i had no idea that it was my meds making me out of breath thanks for this video it really helped me figure out my own adhd problems
For some reason i got a free adhd class ad before watching this...
I tried concerta... and never tried meds again. Oh my god I turned into such a task zombie
Here’s a fact vyvanse (which I take for adhd) it actually clears your brain to stop you from getting distracted but…. It don’t really work
Personally what’s worked for me is just spacing out and than starting work cuz than all I’m thinking about and all the thoughts are related to what I need to do In one way or abother
try the adhd music like brain FM, seems to work for me but Im not 100% sold on it.
hype fixation on vyvanse was my experience too.. If I wasn't already focused on the shit I was supposed to be doing... RIP
You should try strattera!  Worked out better for me and no stimulant side effects  .  Good luck!
Vyvance is the medication I take! :D
Where do I find that cow?
I’m too cool for pills. But I get there points
im totally not watching this in the little upper window while trying to do 3 other tasks at the same time
The breathing problem was probably frequent dyspnea
I don’t have meds!!11!1!1! I don’t like them!! thy taste gross
Is falling asleep when you have to listen to people talking a sort of adhd
if you get on meds, my biggest recommendation is to tell your doctor literally everything. I had every side effect for the first meds that I was prescribed, and instead of talking to the doctor and changing meds, I said nothing. My sleep patterns have still not recovered and I've been med free for 5 years at this point. Also some of the meds can and will turn you into a zombie. If you don't like the way the meds make you feel, there are so many other options available and you should absolutely figure out which one works best for you.
HOW WAS THIS A YEAR AGO ALREADY?
I take 25 mgs of vyvanse and it works for me
I've started medication for my ADHD and my productivity has spiked that it one would think I was possessed by a determined spirit.
ADHD is tough… since I’m a girl I was diagnosed really early on, like the second grade and honestly I have had really bad reactions to medications all around. It’s really hit or miss, and the problem is that some medications can have like lifelong effects. Currently I take Adzenys, and I’m on a really low dose, but I figured out that I really can’t stop taking it or I sleep through an entire day. It’s also hard for me to tell the difference between meds because I’ve been on so many, so I don’t really even know if my adhd is bad or if it’s just my lack of motivation from other disorders. Mental illness is tough and medications can help or they can’t, it’s hard when bouncing back and forth between meds and feeling like none of them are doing anything, especially when you’ve been medicated your entire life
No ADHD but i do have high functionimg autism which ive never taken meds for. Its hard some days but good and understanding people can really make a huge difference
when i had Vyvanse i just became depressed
Its not meth. Meth crosses the blood-brain barrier.... Yeah idk what it means either
I supposed to be on guanfacine??? (I think thats how its spelled) but i dont remember to take it (=◡=, )
When i was in third grade, i had that intense thought that i literally started dreaming of a candy world, literally, when i woke up i was like if i was in a normal pose, that happens to me a lot of time
polish song!!!! 🐄🇵🇱
I’ve been taking Focalin for a long time and it works pretty well then again that is more for the hyperactivity part of ADHD😂
Funny thing that happened to me, im so ADHD that i take the highest legal amount of concerta for my age (72 mg) a day. i cant legaly do higher because it is bad for my body, however once i ended up taking about a day and a halfs worth, (95ish mg) and i realised i could predict how things where about to happen (think neo from the matrix but with catching glassed instead of dodging bullets) like my dad was washing a glass, and i saw the moisture on the glass, and i saw that he wasnt paying attention, and i saw it being a bit slippery, so i stuck out my hand and about half a second leater it slit out of his hand and gently on to mine
I recall being so laser focused that any stray thought that'd cross my mind i'd laser focus on that. Also i love that "CON cer TA"   OH god vivance. *thousand yard PTSD stare* Though i do remember when my doctor ask if i'd like to stop being medicated  and offered a plan to slowly back me off it i just quit cold turkey. I may be woefully checked out at times but a quick call out to me from a friend usually gets me back on track.
1:59 the dead dopamine guy and the pill’s reaction killed me 💀😂
this was similar as to why i stayed off meds, it was either they worked in a way i didnt like, or they made me feel like crap. and the real wins with them were far and few in between.
ME TO I HAVE ADHD TO
1:07 1:53 This is literally the best way anyone has every described how my day to day goes. My brain is on giga drive 24/7 XD
My brain does not shut off. Its on 24/7 if i dont sleep, so i blast music everytime i do something so i can focus on stuff.
a little advise from an ADHDer who takes vyvanse or like we europeans call it elvanse for 3 years. was 1 year on ritalin, but my body did a weird one and it had zero effect on me regardless of dosage.  only taking the meds will lead you nowhere. the key is gaining the ability to forcefully make you focus on what's important. usually relying on willpower alone w/o any medication does absolutely nothing. at least for me, but the willpower combined with the focus given by the meds works like a charm. with stimulating ADHD medications it's also not a bad idea to skip a day or more. times when their effect isn't really required. I only take them for work or when some social event is coming up but skip an entire week when I have my vacation leave and stay at home during that time. there is a slight burnout feeling on the days I don't take them, but it never gets severe because of these breaks. there is also no shame in using these days to simply sloth around. recharging is important after all and even neurotypicals can only focus so much before even they get tired.   I can't speak from a solely ADHDer perspective tho, because I also have autism and that brings a whole lot of extra influences into the mix. some that are beneficial and some that are detrimental. but and that's just my personal experience, elvanse's focus effect seem to have beneficial effects in regards to sensory overstimulation. with the meds I am capable to partially drown out the noises around me while I'm at work and I work retail, so *much* noise everywhere. the meds were also the reason why my autism was noticed to begin with. not uncommon for ADHD to cover up the autism.
3:11 "pls get my spicy Pringle from the fridge"
Funny thing is I cold  turkey Vyvanse too
Its crazy how much medication differs for everyone. When I was first diagnosed I heard from others with ADHD they felt like they lost their personality when treated, so I was anxious to start. I started on Ritalin, and it was honestly one of the best I’ve had happen. Then my tolerance started getting higher so I started taking more and after a while, I started losing the motivation for things. Switched to Vyvanse, became depressed and even more anxious for months, waiting for a switch to happen, and it didn’t happen so I’m trying to find more information on it before switching again.   And yet the days I forget to have my medication are the most craziest, foggy days I have but I’m less anxious. I think its finding what works for you - which I’m still working on.   But basically, don’t listen to what others say about what medication is good and bad because of THEIR experience, you’ve got to try stuff out yourself and don’t be afraid! Im glad this guy pointed this out at the start of the video. If you’re diagnosed its good to try different methods, and I wish everyone luck :)
Who knew doing speed would help you focus.  🤷‍♀ Enjoy the psychotic breakdowns when you don't take it.
I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 3, went unmedicated till I was ~13 years old. During that time it really spiked and I was unbearable. We tried Ritalin, which worked and gave me focus and the ability to do stuff, but it also put my body into marathon mode. Extremely high heart rate, excessive sweating, exhaustion and some other stuff. Especially the sweating was a great way to fit in with my classmates :D /s So no medication anymore, though sometimes I wish to have some at my disposal for times, where I need to do something important and not get distracted. Luckily I somehow managed to develop ways to function regardless and get stuff done... I'm still not as consistent as "normal" people but I'm getting there, eventually, oh look a 3 1/2h minecraft video about the Eye of Ender... well it wouldn't hurt to watch it :)
This is why I wanna try out Vyvanse  My biggest problem now, is as you said at 4:24 . I'm unable to FFFFFFFFOCUS!! My situation is a bit weird, as I already got diagnosed autism. Though honestly, I think it's either a combo of ADHD and Autism, or the Autism diagnose is wrong. As the more I've read and learned about ADHD, the more I seem to align with that.  Currently, my GM (Or "main doctor") and my job specialist whom has 2 sons with ADHD, one hyperactive and one inattentive, has concluded that I likely have ADHD. This video, and the stuff from Connor Dewolfe, as well as some other sources point towards me likely having it too.  Both my siblings got ADHD, but they are both hyperactive. I'm likely just inattentive. The reason I believe this is because most of my problems come from my brain just not wanting to cooperate with itself. Basically a "Oh look a butterfly" kinda situation.  If I'm doing a task that requires thinking over time (programming for example), my mind ends up basically doing a factory reset every 5 minutes, slowing me down to a halt as I reread all the code I wrote the last minute, just to forget it again. Only time I do work, is if I'm either pissed off, or panicking.  Working without thinking is still possible, but starting is not easy 😅. (Prob cus I'm lazy, idk).  But well anyway, that's my rant over. I'll update this after I either get my diagnosis, or the doctor tells me I'm just crazy.
This is surprisingly relatable
Why do I think the most effective thing I can do is get an Assistant who can keep me on track and who's validation matters to me so that I get things done when s/he says so.
I have adhd too
At 5:23 when he said he didn't need multiple media playing I felt called out.  I have horrible adhd.  XD
Meditation therapy and learning how to retrain your reward system is essential and underrated. I have symptoms of ADHD (never been formally diagnosed) and I personally decided that my symptoms were not severe enough to go through the headache of drudging through trying to find a medication and psychiatrist that fit me. When I was taking medication for it previously, I did not do well with stimulant medication and found myself jittery even with extended release. However, it did give me an important reference to what a calm and focused brain is *supposed* to feel like. Not even joking, I was so used to just passively thinking of things that I had to adjust to the feeling of having to choose what I wanted to focus on for something as simple as thinking about what I wanted to say to someone. Learning meditative thought leading excercises really helped slow my thoughts down a little bit and helped prevent thought spiraling from happening. Having a set morning routine that energizes you also helps wake your brain up to get it going for the day. Don't forget to celebrate when you finish a task and forgive yourself when you end up having an off-day!
POLISH COWWWWW
its almost impossibly rare to get the meds just right on the first go. thats why i go to a psychiatrist, we check in every few months to see if we need to tweak anything
For me the issue is that ADHD meds make me uber depressed when they crash, and wanting to vanish from existence isn't worth it for doing dishes.
When he said, Vyvanse took an hour to kick in, and whatever he was focussing on would stick for the rest of the day. I realized that I should probably start adjusting the time that I take my medication to make it happen one hour before I start work or school.  Bro, I hope this works. I’m feeling kind of optimistic.  (Ignoring the downsides of the med for now)
i was just studying for a exam and i decided to take a 15 min break and all of a sudden im on this vid and my break has turned into an 1hr
My brother has the worst ADHD possible Like literally every single symptom His ADHD Is SOOOO BAD win he is not medicated
As a person with ADHD I can say I LIKE DRUGS
I personally use amoxicillin
i just realized we are probably one or three months apart of first starting adhd medication
I dont have adhd but these videos are uncomfortably relatable to me lol
I wish I had an ice cream sandwich right about now
i am struggling a lot and am still on the waiting list 3 years in, and this video is making me wonder if i should even bother lol
My adhd has gotten me in trouble at work so much. I have three write ups and three disciplinary actions and one more of either and I’m fired
Meds expectation: Fix my ADHD magically Meds reality: I'm still stupid, I'm just OVERCLOCKED stupid which slightly increases the probability of the screensaver in my head bouncing into the corner and me experiencing a coherent burst of motivation
I have a friend that had a character the exact same as yours, and when I talked to him about it, he just added one more hair floof
"don't forget to unsubscribe"  ok lemme subscribe first and then we can unsu- OHHH A BUTTERFLY :D  yeah i also have adhd, it genuinally amazing to see more people that i watch being diagnosed with it cuz then they talk about their experiences, about problems that tey had, and it's honestly good to see that more people have the same trouble with meds that i have, it's good to know that i'm not alone in this cuz constantly i feel like i'm behind people, or that i was just made wrong, it's just so relieving to see that i'm not the only one that struggles at paying attention to simple things...  but i was supposed to be studying for my internship and here i am so ...
In school, i used concerta and all it did is make me a homework zombie, i would just do schoolwork faster than most other classmates so much so that i could get homework done at school (suffice to say the teachers were so mad, i guess they hate when their students comprehend what they are learning faster than other students), leaving me with tons of free time to game or do sports. After schooling though, it kust made me feel like an actual zombie
i take a 15mg dose of adderall daily for my ADHD
omg adhd medicated vs unmedicated (no more pills for me! muahahahahah)
I have ADHD too, and have tried a couple of medications to treat it, dexamphetamine (which helps the focus but too much gave me hyperfocus (that super focus where you just can't pull your brain away from something) and ritalin (which honestly just made me depressed). I think the main issue people get is thinking it's supposed to be a complete fix, when it's not. You don't magically become neuro typical, you just get a hopefully easier time of it. (I'm still trying to figure out how to make my brain do things it doesn't want to do, like vacuuming)
Love The vid one question though if it made u fokus to much did you ever try to lower the dose?
A lot of the meds are just meth💀
medications for me were pretty good until i realized it suppressed my appetite, so after a few years I stopped taking them
I like that 2 + 2 thing it happens to me all the time
Fun fact about the cow dancing vid in the first part that song is in polish I believe it is not a fun and exciting song the lyrics are very dark the dude sing about drug addiction and depression and how he deals with suicidal thoughts yo yeah hope y’all are having a great day
i have autism
Question for people who are medicated: Im on Vyvanse and sometimes it can help me concentrate but then also it makes be start brainstorming and suddenly have a constant flow of ideas and things to do but I cant do those things in the moment so I end up writing them down.  Buut i end up spending a lot of time just writing down ideas. Does anyone else experience this?   Also I can definitely relate to the focusing on something very intently but not it being what you should be doing in that moment 🤪
I have had a similar experience, except my situation worked out better. Also, I was told that there aren’t many problems when you stop taking Vyvanse because of the way it works (at least for me). Vyvanse works by increasing dopamine’s effects or something, that’s why it works so well for focusing, pretty much what ever you are working in suddenly feels as though it’s a lot more rewarding. I think the point where you felt  tired is like burnout, I read (from random sources on the internet) that if you stop taking vyvanse for a few days until, you feel better Than start again it becomes more effective again, of course this was from the internet so it may not be too reliable. I am some random person commenting on this video so my words either way shouldn’t be trusted to an extent.
I have been taking Vyvanse (for i think a year now ) and it does the same to me. I was so happy at first I thought ''I fixed'' my adhd. but nope, i am able to focus, but most of the time it is on the ''wrong'' things like you said it depends when the meds gets actived D: but im like yay at least I am focused :')
i watched this to distract me from a final project
I have adhd and I was lucky enough to be diagnosed very early in life so I was able to start medication basically as soon as I started school and haven't stopped taking it since. For me its the same thing, either brain empty or it's so full that it's hard to focus on anything, medication doesn't change this is only brings down the hyperactivity portion, I can still find it hard to focus, but I will always be focusing on something, just sometimes not on things that are productive, I still have to consciously focus myself.
My friend died because of a controversial modern diagnosis that lacks evidence.
about the last thing, the out of breath one, It ALWAYS happens when i'm mentally tired or it's more than 11 o'clock, and i don't even HAVE ADHD! I have OCD, which is a compLETELY different thing. I figure that's because of my meds too. Funny to find the same symptoms on other sides of mental sicknesses.
I take ritalin, but the down side is that its also kinda difficult to switch between tasks and it also sucks all the emotions out of you
I refuse meds for my ADHD helps me cope better and I've learned alot about myself and how to stay focused, however I always need to wear a watch ⌚️
The guy sounds just like me. I also tried Adderall and Vyvanse and had similar experiences but when I went to my psychiatrist she laughed at me and said I didn’t have ADHD she said I just had really bad anxiety and gave me Lexapro which helped with my mood but hasn’t done anything to help with my focus and productivity💀 I’m glad I saw this video tho definitely confirms my thoughts about adhd and also put things into perspective. Maybe I can deal with the adhd in other ways rather than getting trapped in these unhelpful cycles with meds😅
i use Strattera myself, i still have ADHD come though sometimes but at least it does not make me into a hyper focused zombie and my personality is the same.
I had a thought "I should get some water and take my meds" 5 times throughout the video. And yet, I didn't take my scheduled meds yet.
And I just go for ‘Dancing Polish Cow’ for 5 minutes right after I saw it. ADHD things
funny part about ADHD I was watching this video and then just opened another 5 chrome slides and start doing 2 more things irl, then I achieved absolutely nothing at all and started to eat snack
0:01 polish cow meme
You adhd meds with "i just did A" is the best explanation ever. Its exactly hiw it feels like. Im using it to explain it to anyone ever.
my meds don't work helpppppp
I keep blaming myself for adhd symptoms as if I'll learn to not have them, and that meds are supposed to fix the problem. It doesn't work like that.
i tend to see adhd as having 2 types  - your thoughts never shut the hell up and it is detrimental - your thoughts never shut the hell up and it makes you lock in as hard as humanly possible until you complete the task (i have the second one)
Any elevanse users?
Dont go cold turkey with concerta. Just dont.
"tylko jedno w głowie mam..." I did't expect that. Brilliant
idk try concerta maybe???
For me, I was prescribed with ritalin(is that how you spell it?), but whenever I ate it I won’t have any motivation to eat lunch (I eat those meds during morning), and it got so bad I was severely underweight where I almost had to see a nutritionist  Buuut then adulthood kicked in, so now I’m better
Have you tried upping the dose of Adderall? 5mg is too little imo
My experience has been that the meds fix my focus from the perspectice of my brain, but it didn't fix my distractibility and my coping mechanisms. It quieted the trumpets, but I still had to do the work of starting up the "important task."
I took this medication back In secondary school and had it for about a year but when I got to the doses that took and actual effect on my mental state I also completely lost my appetite, had it for a couple more weeks but then just stopped taking it
i live in sweden so my medication is free
stinky icky bad... yep i am using that for the rest of my life. keep up the greatness ice cream sandwich
You know it’s about to be a good time when one of ice cream sandwiches videos pops up
I have ADHD too and it is really high like my sister also has it but it barely does anything and I also recently got medication for it and right now I just got higher dosage of it I also have Adderall first for my meds and still am
Team concerta
I procrastinating with this video ( I have ADHD
Yea this is my life lol
Vivance makes you have more tunnelvison, you just have to make sure you get tunnelvissoned onto the right thing. So just make sure you are doing the right thing when your meds are going to kick in soon. 🤪🤪 I have done it for multiple years. Tunnel vision is defently an issue
I tried ritalin and it made me uncontrollably cry all day and also made me super anxious, and then i tried again the next day and the same happened and then I decided to never try any meds ever again :p
I recently got diagnosed, and am currently trying various medications so far none of them has done anything, and the only other option is a medication that's really expensive
I'll say that for me I took Straterra for a long time growing up, and the main thing it did was slow me down a bit to be a bit more aware of my surroundings, however, if I didn't eat before taking it, it felt like my stomach was melting. Also, at a point in high school where I had stopped taking it in an attempt to harness that hyper energy to stay awake as I was falling asleep in classes often. Eventually my parents found out and tried to get me to return to taking it after a short while, but when I did, I felt SUPER DEPRESSED, not even for any real reason, just generally really really sad. So that was how I stopped taking it. I've tried one other thing since then, some sort of green supplement that you'd add to a drink in the morning, but haven't taken that in a long time and never felt like it really did that much anyways. Anyways ADHD kinda sucks, forgetting stuff often after getting distracted, and getting distracted constantly regardless of circumstance. Also mood swings in general, but I've just had to simply live with that as I am not willing or comfortable with talking to a Psychiatrist to get proper medication, assuming proper meds can be gotten. Main reason I'm saying all this is just to talk shit on Straterra.
7:24 bad advice. Don't "never stop". If you're having problems and you need to stop then STOP! Your body doesn't ever _need_ these man made concoctions. I'm not saying they're bad, but don't be fooled into thinking they're mandatory.
"Oh, your child can't focus on boring things and sit still for 6 hours? They must need drugs!"
Ive been on Vyvanse since i was 7 im kinda crazy when i forget to take it
I LOVE your description of life with ADHD; 100% spot on! I'm currently on Xaggatin XL (slow-release methylphenidate). The ability to focus was amazing for the last 3 months, but I feel the effects are possibly beginning to wear off. It's hard to tell what's just me naturally having an off day, and what's a continuing trend. So time will tell.  I tried Concerta at one point. It's supposed to be compatible, but that was horrible. I remember being sat at my office desk and just wanting to escape out the window and run away, lol.   So, for anyone reading this, try different brands and see what works. Also, don't forget about your coping strategies, you'll still need them from time to time.
Bro people ask me why I love watching your videos and I never truly knew why but now I think it’s because your videos are so short that my ADHD brain can actually think and they’re really funny
of course they say never to stop taking it big pharma wants the big bucks and if you are thinking of stopping they cant mooch off you
My lovely Polish relatives and me is Really happy
Me who is tryna do hw thats past due but ended up watching this after scrolling for 2 hours :(
Who else is watching this instead of doing their work?
*gets distracted doesn't finish video* WHY BRAIN???
Scrolled onto this on TikTok and decided to rewatch the full vid, I proceeded to sit on my phone for the next 2 videos on auto play before I realized “why am I watching this? WAIT” and I’ve never felt more embarrassed and I’m alone 😭
#JUSTICEFORCOMPY YOU MURDERER
What's the cow dance song 0:01
i have TDAH and i can consider an inteligent person
Adhd is fucking weird. Like its the most studied mental whatever and we still only sort of understand it. Some meds help, but who knows exactly why. What works for you? Well try all of them! See which ones work and which make you feel like you're dying!
one of the MOST important things to do when starting a medication is to ask you prescriber what to do if it goes wrong. I always ask, "if I need to stop this, how should I do it?" Learned how important it is after a medication just made me stop sleeping a few weeks in.
I have ADHD got diagnosed as soon as I got into highschool to me it's secondary school (I'm British) but I take pills for my ADHD but I'm always off and on with them one day I'll take next day I won't or I'll take them for a week or two and completely forget about them and then I'm just all over the place and I end up not wanting to eat or I just just getting hyper for no reason I mean I get so exited over a leaf and start laughing at the leaf for no apparent reason 🤣
I have ADHD got diagnosed as soon as I got into highschool to me it's secondary school (I'm British) but I take pills for my ADHD but I'm always off and on with them one day I'll take next day I won't or I'll take them for a week or two and completely forget about them and then I'm just all over the place and I end up not wanting to eat or I just just getting hyper for no reason I mean I get so exited over a leaf and start laughing at the leaf for no apparent reason 🤣
Living with adhd is about having good systems.   Be system oriented. Rather than goal oriented. A consistent system is there to be a crutch and renders the goals irrelevant. Bc you’ll most likely be getting 3/4 of the gratification you hoped for in your day.
The best way to describe ADHD, at least my kind, is motivation deficit disorder. Rather than attention deficit disorder.   If I don’t enjoy something it’s unbearable. If I don’t have a routine to manage my time, I’ll get nothing done. If I like something, I hyper focus on it. At least until I burn out.   Sleeping is also hard, so get a daily routine. Otherwise, time management while having ADHD will make your life chaotic and confusing lol.
I’m the exact opposite, I can’t function unless I’m doing two things at the same time, if I don’t do multiple things at once, then I can’t do anything 🥲
1:59 is literally how I imagine the sad poof of dopamine be like in my pathetic brain
Oh god, I'm in the same place as you in the end and gosh, that shit is hard
Dudes first adhd med was an amphetamine. Lol meth  Disclaimer I hate meth and how people smoke it in public restrooms.
Me: Playing American truck simulator on my steam deck while waiting for the AI to finish plowing a field in Farming Simulator 22 while doing laundry while listening/watching videos  Me 5 minutes later: "Wait....I've been hungry for the past 5 hours....."
Does meditation help ADHD symptoms at all?
I have adhd and am still taking meds i take a veryyy (certain one called... 🎉💯Ritalin i think.....
Look bud, I have adhd. I'm gonna leave this video in the first 5 seconds to go watch that cow video now
I love telling people that I take meth on the rare occasion that my neurodiversity comes up and just let them look at me for a second before I explain that it’s not that kind of meth👍
norhing like having 18 songs at once all playing in your head
I've had ADHD my whole life. I took adderall once and it completely changed me. I was intensely calm and focused. I didn't mind it but it scared my family so they took me off it. Been living without medication every since. It's just part of who I am now, I guess.
2:56 so real
FYI the chemical structure of Meth and Adderall are completely different. GOODLUCK ON THAT!
I was medacated at a young age. i still take Vyvanse to this day and its a life saver. Im 4.0, student council, still kinda dumb, but Super creative. If i dont take it, I physically cant get work done and im behind by a whole day in productivity, I just need to be doing something FUN when I'm off it. I look at work, and it's not even like a turn off feeling, but like a positive "nope im not gonna do that". But yes, Vyvance is the wheel, you still need to drive it. You still gotta make PLANS and to promise that you will FOLLOW those plans, then your ballin
I just watch so many of his videos and I still haven’t left the parking lot. I think I have ADHD
When Andy put a nail through the guy’s computer had me howling for 5 minutes straight
"nord vpn is a virtual pivate network service that helps you protect yourselt online!"  Also ICS: *proceeds to kidnap someone and talk about Nord VPN*
Adderall is Amphetamine, and Vyvanse is Lisdexamfetamine. The difference is that Lisdexamfetamine is amphetamine but with some stuff (a common amino acid) attached. Your body breaks this amino acid off, and you're left with the Amphetamine. The active difference is that Adderall dumps all the amphetamine into your bloodstream all at once, while Vyvanse slowly releases it over the course of about 10 hours. This makes Adderall last about 3-4 hours, and Vyvanse 13-14 hours.
I'Ve been taking Vyvanse for over a year now, and you just made me realize what is "wrong" on the days where I can't seem to focus on what I have to do... It puts so much perspective on this matter for me, thank you!!!
Caffeine helps me with my adhd
My own experience with: Adderall, Ritalin, Strattera, Guanfacine, Vyvanse, and now Dexedrine. Yes.  Quite a journey since 2013 - initial diagnosis out of nowhere. If you lose focus on this message, no worries - understandable 😆  To preface, I moved a lot so I had various psychiatrists. With Adderall - it was great for a few years! Until it wasn’t… When I moved overseas, Adderall wasn’t available so I switched to Ritalin with a new doctor which did absolutely nothing for me. Moved back to the states & back to Adderall! But then it wasn’t working like before. My focus was gone, even that burst of energy too. So the new psych switched me to Strattera…which also wasn’t effective. Next: Vyvanse. It kinda helped..? I was desperate to figure out the med for me, so when I moved again, I switched again under recommendation by new psych. Guanfacine worked better-ish! But I STILL couldn’t focus. It would make me lethargic through the day so we added a bit of afternoon immediate release. Eh, worked a tad. I started to think my brain was broken. I just needed to FOCUS (& stop crashing in the afternoon).  I had to move overseas again so I had to choose a diff med (not manufactured there, neither was Adderall). But I thought my brain was broken anyway by this point. The limited list had an option I never heard of before & the only one I haven’t tried. My psych  recommended it immediately - something I haven’t heard of: Dexedrine. It apparently used to be *the* med for ADHD before Adderall became a household name by big pharma. I’ve been on it this year and I believe it’s def the most helpful. It doesn’t give the kick of jittery energy like Adderall but it really helps me focus. It’s not perfect but it’s been the most effective in so many years. Bottom line (if anyone is still reading), the “right” meds may take years to figure out. I found out from my current psych that Adderall’s effects wear off over time. Also, if one psych isn’t supporting you in the way you need medically, consider looking elsewhere. Best of luck to all you fellow ADHD’ers!
As someone with autism (which sometimes behaves similarly to ADHD), I take a certain expensive type of concerta. It is a slow release type too. I take it as without it I will chase a ball into a busy road, along with being super emotional. Depending on ADHD/ADD/autism medication; loss of appetite may be part of the medication.
Concerta is like ayarla but it slowly dissolves slower than adaral
I have ADHD and I'm thankful to be prescribed for adderall
for me, it takes experimenting and trying out different avenues, not just 2, but that experience with vyvanse sounds scary so i can understand stopping!
I take via vance it makes me lose a lot of weight I think with in a month I lost around 4-5 pounds and I never really have an appetite until like 10pm but I don’t have shorted of breath or the same symptoms as you
Concerta was the one that has helped me for 8 years, so that's the one i would recommend you taking, the problem is that it makes you less hungry, if you don't take before i don't know, 14 hours(not acurate) before bedtime, it will make you impossoble to sleep until that time passes.
Methamphetamine vs. Amphetamine
I was diagnosed in the 3rd grade. The first med I was prescribed was concerta. My memory of it was that I could focus but I became unawaredly depressed. I refused to eat anything but dinner(when the meds wore off) and became very underweight. They took me off concerta and tried stratera. I feel like there was no affect whatsoever, but at least I was eating again. Eventually they mixed the two with smaller doses and that sort of worked, I don’t have any concrete memories of how I felt. I stopped after high school. Eventually I asked about meds again and tried one that is more of a depression med that has affects that help adhd too. Living alone, I had no frame of reference for whether it did anything either and basically quit that one too. Now I’m just frustrated, wanting to see a more informed doctor but not having the money and just wanting something that provides even a little focus or order.
Why does this sound like me in reverse like I feel like I feel too focused and it’s hard to not get distracted and then when I’m medicated I’m so not focused and I can’t can’t anything done until I get sad
This video was in my recommended with the red line showing I was halfway through the video. I must've got sidetracked.
I feel like everyone who has ADHD is just really funny.
I’ve been taking Concerta since I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6, but my psych recommended that I try Wellbutrin (probably spelled that wrong) because it was proving to work well with the anxiety meds I take and help with the procrastination/lack of motivation piece. I tried it at a small dose and it went well at first, but a few weeks into taking it, things went downhill. I became super emotional, moody, and irritable. Even the smallest, most innocent things that people did around me would irritate me, and it was mostly at home when I was the most irritable. I cried or almost cried multiple times a day for like a week straight over really unimportant things and I stopped taking it cold turkey after a month and started back on a low dose of Concerta. This was back in December and I’ve been back on Concerta since January and I feel so much better. It’s crazy how one medication works really well for some people but does absolutely nothing, or in some cases, the wrong thing, in other people with the same condition.
Adderall isn't meth.  _Desoxyn_ is meth, and it's freaking incredible. The doses are extremely tiny, and the therapeutic dosage is a fraction of the recreational dosage, which means minimal side effects.   When it kicks in, it's smooth as glass—there's no sudden burst of energy or rush like there is with most other ADHD meds. Instead, it ramps up slowly over the course of an hour... and you feel _normal._ No jitteriness, no increased anxiety, nothing.   It lasts about half a day and slowly ramps back down.   There's this unique feeling of _alertness_ while it's in effect. You barely get mentally fatigued.  You are capable of doing everything you want to do, although you'll definitely need therapy to help unlearn the maladaptive behaviors from before being medicated.   I could ramble all day about it, but basically—ask your doctor about it if your other meds aren't working.  Be advised that there have been distribution/supply issues for about a year (it's currently Mid-May of 2024), but those should be resolved entirely by this August.
I did the same thing of just stopping my Adhd meds, is it just that I'm too Adhd that I can't focus on the drawbacks of just stopping? I was taking concerta
I don't use meds cuz what I do for my job is my passion (art) and it makes me happy when I finish stuff :D So yeah. Really you just have to find what you enjoy doing and do that thing as your job preferably because it will feel less annoying and agonizing to do. 👍 (Also I just have a general ick with pills and having to swallow them whole, they feel weird.)
ive been mildly slef medicating with cafine for years now, works wonders for me, make a pot of coffee or tea, and drink it over the course of a day, the dopamine hits constantly while im doing whatever im doing and rather than altering the nero chemisty to promot focus i just kind of have coffee while i work and im able to engage with what im doing because im not craving dopamine, i have it available readily
JUMPSCARE AT 3:19.
My Adhd meds dont even work
I haz the ADHD's..... never been medicated in my whole life tho, which is kinda nice cuz instead I've learned tactics and methods that work despite that (it don't hurt that I'm homeschooled along with that lol)  anyway  this was interesting to watch!
I finished the video....still upset about him stopping the dancing cow video
Hello Mr. Ice Cream Sandwhich,   This was one of the first videos I watched when I suspected I might have ADHD. I have since gotten a diagnosis, and am on some non-stimulant meds, it's been great! Thank you for making this video I don't think I would have gotten help without it <3
I find my meds help stop my mind from wandering, like when I’m doing stuff off meds I will start thinking about stuff and have to force myself to listen to keep focusing on what I need to focus on, but on my meds that mostly stops. The issue is when I don’t have a thing I’m doing, mostly when I’m tired, my thoughts still don’t wander and I kind of just completely zone out. Also I feel like I can be more irritable when on my meds, especially when I’m tired.
I take the generic for ritalin at a really low dose twice a day. It kind of slows my brain down just enough that i can finish a thought. It's like 2 voices instead of 10. I use a bunch of behavior strategies to get some stuff done. Without my meds, i can't even motivate myself to use my strategies. I went 2 decades unmedicated due to the stigma of adhd meds. Most of the things i hated about myself were solvable with a bit of therapy and medicine. There's hope out there.
And the polish song at tha beginning
I took meds for like 8 years of school. It was... awful, as a kid. I went through so many drugs and it's like, "hey, why don't we just let kids do kid stuff and not learn about fucking... the history of the stop sign or some dumb shit?"  I took one drug that made me hyper-focused and I finished every single question thing in my History book (that was literally all our lazy teacher made us do) and then he got mad at me the next day when I told him. Uh, but then that was like all I could do; I had zero interest in doing anything that wasn't homework. Another med was just meh. It worked. Oh, but then I never felt hungry or the desire to eat. Ever. Dropped that one fast so I wouldn't die.  The best thing that ever happened for me was graduating and never taking another pill again. Sure, I'm wacky and weird at work, but when it comes down to it, I've learned how to focus on what tasks I need to do and how to not get in trouble for doing not that.
Vyvanse is very strong for me probably cause I was gave a dose of 40
My adhd is going away as I'm getting older I think. Or I've been noticing how focused I am getting vs my experience in middle/Jr/ half if high-school
THIS IS WRONG ,I feel that my brain is different and I have ADHD
I hate hurting my parents bc of my adhd i just hate myself so much
I have a.d.h.d and a.d.d and i take something that has meth in the name the name is methanefednal
I got lucky and landed on adderall in my early 20's during my third semester of college. Didn't even know I had ADHD until then. It had been taking me multiple hours to complete assignments that should have taken me 45 minutes tops. It's like gaining a sudden ability to Do The Thing. It also helps stabilize my mood, which really helps as someone with Bipolar disorder
ah that delicious ~hyperfocus~ definitely not detrimental at all and totally great and perfect.
Ne talking to someone, if I stop saying what I'm thinking ma new thought immediately replaces the one i was about to say and then I just stand there thinking before I start talking again
I know it's supposed to either be hair or flower petals, but all I see on his head are two bunny ears and the brim of a hat
Can I get a full version of the cow video please?
I tried so hard to make stimulants work for my ADHD and it was always a nightmare for my anxiety and depression, after I switched to Intuniv it's been amazing and I don't feel frazzled all the time. Obviously I still need to put in a lot of effort and discipline when it comes to things like impulsive decisions and such but when it comes to just thinking and doing things, it's amazing how it just- works.
Been off the meds for couple months shortages for the adhd medication
I have the same orthopedic day as you feb 8♥️
I dont know if you're willing to try it but i took Dexmethylphenidate as a kid and u think it worked for me but before that i took methamphetamine
People think that breaking down tasks will work... It really doesnt😭
So if you take meds, and you get really sick from it, you should... keep taking them?
I always felt like i might have ADHD, but i don't want to self diagnose, and im too scared to search or ask for help.... 😅
I scored 11. Perhaps some questions relate just to being hyperactive which may indicate one could likely have ADD rather than ADHD with such a score?
I was put on ADHD meds for around a year or so. I became very, highly, aggressive. It was terrifying to those around me, and the only reason I know of how aggressive I was is because of what I’ve heard about myself. I’d get angry at the tiniest things and landed myself into trouble very easily. I’ve been told I also got physically violent towards my mom and sister. I was eventually taken off the medication, but it was not easy. Since then I’ve not been on meds for it and it’s been tough as ever but I’ve got a strong support system who helps me through things.  Just because you can be put in medications for these types of issues, doesn’t necessarily mean it’ll help. Don’t be discouraged if your body doesn’t respond well to different types of medications.
Me with ADHD juggling my trade studys while listening to this video
Bro I just noted the guy that was using the computer. He was using his right hand on his left side.
i have adhd and i have a suggestion for a medication you could take i have been taking concerta after an experience like yours but once i took it it made me feel a lot better i kinda slows down your thoughts to a speed you can handle and focus and preform a task it also lessens those weird adhd dreams you can get where everything is like its backwards or too vivid i have done my research and i think this will help just check with the doctor first =)
I took a break from my focalin after it made me  A: super jittery, heart racing, bouncy, etc B: want to punch ALL the nazis (which could be a worse symptom) I eased back into it and mostly only take it for tests n shit
"Don't forget to unsubscribe!"  *subscribes*
I have suspected ADHD and I thought everyone was like this (I'm reading comments + some of the video)
I’m not diagnosed but hearing you talk about getting lost in your brain at any given moment….  Earlier I was making lunch and trying to think of the most efficient way to do it, like should I chop this first? Or have this on water? Turn on the fire! Oh.. wait no! The meat is not ready to go in the fire!! RUN! And basically trying to make simple 3 things at the same time, rice, beans and meat.  Then there was a moment I simply stopped to remember the teenage mutant ninja turtles 🐢  from when I was a kid (2012 ver) and how much I loved Raphael? And wouldn’t it be cool to have a new episode all about him, and beginning to brainstorm a brand new TMNT2k12 ep 🤩  All while in the middle of the kitchen with three pots on the fire… 😅👍
I take atomoxetine and has been working great since 2nd grade
Well fuck this probably explains a thing or two about myself.
I was Diagnosed with ADHD as a kid. those fuckers had me on 60mg of Adderal. I got good grades for a while but it fucked me up for a long time after. Developed panic disorder so I stopped taking my meds and I crashed HARD. withdrawal from phyc meds can be a BITCH
Had ADHD in highschool, i had side effects from the meds they put me on. Safe to say I still have ADHD as an adult but have learned to live with it since then.
I think I take vivanse
This is EXACTLY what it feels like to take Vyvanse: “If I am not doing the task I need to be doing when the medication kicks in, I am distracted by something else until it wears off.”  EXACTLY, EXACTLY! I’m so glad I’m not alone on this. I’ve been on Vyvanse for 2 years (started in May of 2022), and it has been great… for when I’m doing the right thing at the beginning of the day.  For example, today, I took my mediation with breakfast, then decided I wanted to watch the new “Quiet On Set” docu-series. I intended to just get a start on it, then get to work. Nope. I finished the whole thing in one sitting, and wasn’t able to do ANY work for the rest of the day.  Now I’ve spent the last couple hours scrolling through shorts and watching YouTube. Love you Vyvanse 😘😘😘
ADHD-ing by watching this video
The biggest problem I have is adhd tantrums. When I don't have enough dopamine and I become moody and stressed over that task for the rest of the day and refuse to do anything but doomscroll because I'm too emotionally tired.
When I was little, my parents got me tested. I had it, but it wasn’t bad enough to take the medication so if I took it, I would be brain dead. My mom says it’s worse now so I should have it.
i love you
Example of adhd; i finished this vid in 3h because i was micro tasking this and there😭
I’ve been taking vyvanse for the last week now and I don’t feel much different. I was taking concerta before that for about a month too and I felt nothing but the side effects. Maybe a higher dose will work, and if it does I might update this comment.
Sometimes when thinking I know exactly what I need to say to someone when they ask me something or talk to me but when thinking of it I’m trying so hard to think about it that I’m thinking about thinking bout it.
.
Vyvanse was similarly awful for both me and my kid and some other relatives. I will never touch it again.
this video is super quiet, like it's basically silent on my usual volume
I have horrible focus due to ADHD and took adderall. It isn't the best, but it works. Eventually, somehow, my provider ran out and I was put on vyvanse. I hated it. I have no idea if it helped or not with focus because all I could focus on was being angry at everyone and everything. It sucked. Finally, I was put back on adderall and here I am. A confused idiot who is trying to survive.
Maybe you could take methylphenidate, that’s what I take
I paused the video so I could share it with my boyfriend, then I got distracted. Shortly, I zoned out from finishing this video and afterwards disassociated while trying to write this comment.    Bahaha, even played ball with the dog before remembering to post.
Can I get the sauce of that dancing cow video?
why do you give @Noodle energy
what you describe with vyvanse is basically what having adhd/hyperfixation periods feels to me
Hey, so 40 year old ADHD guy here. Not sure if anyone will see this, but this is what I've found with my long and often frustrating journey with ADHD.  If you have it, your brain don't work like Neuro Typicals. Period. The harder you try to fit your brain into the box that people without ADHD present to you, the more uncomfortable and frustrating that will be.  However, if you try and figure out your ADHD strengths and how to work with how your brain works, it changes a lot. For example, when I changed from a job that needed complex, yet repetitive tasks, to one that required me to investigate and analyse things on the fly, my interest and focus in my job exploded. ADHD types also work well under pressure, as external pressures (such as heavy time constraints or substantial risk) improve our focus and concentration. We also tend to do well with physical tasks. Where we do pretty bad is in self regulation, repetitive mental tasks and little to no time constraints/pressure.  Think of yourself like a dog person. Easily emotional, easily distracted, generally affable. Like a dog, us ADHD types also need to use our bodies a lot. The burst of endorphins from excercise, cold showers and things like that really helps to bring focus in other tasks. If I have admin to do, I often do some exercise first then tackle the task and for some reason, my dog brain is super on board with that.  There are many parts of ADHD that are frustrating, but I've come to realise there's a lot to love. I'm passionate and emotional in a way many aren't, I'm hugely curious and I learn about literally EVERYTHING. That actually works out great for investigative or analysis roles, as ADHD brains tend not to filter out information and look to absorb it all.  Work to your strengths and avoid trying to force yourself to act like Neuro Typicals and your ADHD Dog brain will thank you.
imGINE being 38 and HAVING ADHD..... NO PILLS/// tHIS ME AND IM LAUGINH ME BUTT OFF!
So the sense that the meds were the problem is this weird superpower I've noticed that myself and several other ADHD brains have. We just sort of... Know... What the problem is. Can't prove it. Can't even point to any clues. But our intuition goes into overdrive and we're usually right about what our body needs. It's weird, but also kind of awesome.
Here in Brazil Adderal is illegal. So the cheapest alternative is Ritalin. I've never took Vyanse (or Whatever, we call it "venvanse" here) And you made me keen to trying it. Although, Venvanse is 10 times the price of Ritalin. Because with Ritalin, I also got the ability to JUST DO things, and it works amazingly well when I have a list of tasks to do. It also helps me in class.  The thing about ADHD and meds, is that THEY ARE NOT CURES to ADHD. They should simply be used as tools to make us more productive when we need to. I take my Ritalin when I need to finish tasks, or before class. But eventually you stop FEELING the effect, but I can see it working still.
This video diagnosed me with ADHD 😅
For me Adderall gives me the ability to notice when I'm about to go on a rabbit hole sidequest, but whether I actually effectively use that awareness varies
My friend had/is having good success with concerta, could be worth giving other options a try. I've not found a good option for ADHD meds for myself, but I'm also not sure if I even want to be productive? Depends. Being able to feed myself seems like good to be able to do. But sometimes it's ok to just be chillin
A good med that is moderately good with focus is methyl phenidate I think it’s called
M E T H
Ever took ritalin. ?
why shouldn't you stop taking adhd meds?
When I first took meds I was just like “woah, this is what normal people feel like”
weird i tried adderrall and vyvanse too with the same reaction
Oh, I'm subscribing!  So FUNNY!!!
Isn't vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) just a prodrug of amphetamine (dextroamphetamine)? They're both just meth. One just takes longer to be processed by your body. I have only been on Adderall, but I can't imagine them having hugely different effects considering they are literally the same drug after your body processes them, right? Especially when Adderall XR exists, which also lasts about 10 hours, just like vyvanse.
This seems to me to be potentially harmful advice if a youngin' ND hooks on :/
Ok I need to see a full version of the cow video PLEASE I dont feel resolved and need to like idk but like I was watching it and vibing and then he smashed the computer and I was like NOOOOOO so like yeah…
Medicated and caffeinated I’m still trying to do my homework
I actually take concertia for my ADHD, but then again, I have that as well as anxiety and depression so yk there’s that…. 😅
I remember when I was in elementary school, my teacher tried to persuade my parents that I had ADHD because I was hyper, wouldn't listen, and I was failing. And my parents didn't believe it. I'm glad they didn't because in 4 grade i got this really cool teacher who was actually good at his job and my grades started going up. So i almost got falsely diagnosed with ADHD because I was a kid who didn't like homework... shocker.   I remember that teacher was the type who'd put videos on all the time.
I am way to crazy when I forget my meds. It's like if a bucket of meth was dumped in my body
I'm someone who repeats words and phrases.. A LOT. I also info dump all the time, have 0 volume control, etc. Now everyone thinks I'm weird. Like damn I just like pizza bro
Thanks for sharing your experience, paper strips drawing man
I'm Autistic, and your experience with Vyvanse sounds a lot like Autistic hyperfocus. "Hey, this is neat. [...] Hey, where did the sun go? Why is it dark outside?"
I took ADHD medication as a kid for emotional control and focus. It worked really well but I had a lost of appetite. I started very young I can't remember when I started the meds but it was pretty much my entire school life until 12th grade when I dropped them to try and focus without the meds. I haven't taken them sense but I've thought about going back to see if I'd be able to improve some of my habits and be healthier. I can't the medication for the life of me. But it worked I kept my emotions under control for the most part and could sit down and most of my homework in like 30 minutes if I really focused.
looks like me and you go through the same thing I hate taking the meds tho
Concerta gang where you at
The polish dancing cow was great😂
As far as I know, my younger brother takes Concerta for his ADHD, maybe try that if you're still out of ideas for meds
Been taking Adderall for over 20 years now. I literally have the same issues with it now that you had taking it. But it wasn't always like that, it used to allow me to focus. And it does let me do that, but only for like an hour after it kicks in, but after that I'm just like you without any meds. The other problem is that if I don't take it at all, my mind becomes a black hole where I can't focus on anything, and I'm a sleepy emotional wreck. Pretty sure my tolerance for the stuff is ungodly high. Gonna take your advice and talk to my doctor, cause I need something else.
Concerta Gang
I will say, once I was medicated my bank account seemed........... fuller.
Wait it’s not normal to be sent to the “counselor” weekly to train how to make eye contact with hands clasped so they ain’t all over the place? It’s not common to have the tv, music and YouTube on all at once to be able to focus on a book? I’m still thinking about the cow btw.
Interesting. I have no internal monologue, so my experience with adhd is very different. I can hyper focus on things, but STARTING a task is damn impossible. It literally feels like a physical hand is pulling my focus away. Like... I'll literally sit and stare at a wall, picking at my skin, instead of opening my laptop to start a task. Even if it's something I WANT to do.
I took Vivance for years. I felt like a zombie sometimes when I was on it. Just sluggish and out of it.
Okay, so I've gone on a similar journey with my ADHD meds and I 1000% relate to this vid. Only thing I would add is that the meds only hand a couple tools back to you, it doesn't actually *fix* anything at all. Just gives tools which if not used carefully are just as likely to blow back in your face as not. With Vyvanse, while I have the similar pitfalls of hyperfocusing on the wrong stuff, I also find that it's easier to direct myself as I notice the meds taking affect. Ah meds are kicking in. Time to get started on work stuff. Then switch before the deep focus starts up. If you don't go out of your way to take an active role in re-aiming yourself at the right time to take better advantage of the meds, the meds are just the same kind of crapshoot OP talks about. I know from experience, there are a LOT of learned behaviors from my ADHD over the years unmedicated that can be hard to recognize are safe to unlearn while on my meds. For example: without meds, intentionally and effectively directing oneself away from one task and onto another and holding this new point of attention is HARD. Due to years of trying and failing to do this, that train of thought isn't even entertained anymore. Big trick for me was spending time while on meds introspecting and analyzing my own thought patterns to find points of failure like that and realize oh yeah, that's probs a whole lot easier to do while on meds. I should try to time that better. Idk haha personal experience of it xD
My parents eventually just stopped buying the meds lmao
That cow song in the beginning is about doing cocaine and feeling suicidal
Try Ritalin
I take Wellbutrin now, used to be on Concerta, and a few others that I can't remember. Concerta had a similar aspect that I had to be doing the task I wanted to do before it kicked in in order to focus on it, if it actually happened at all. After an hour into it though I would just be stuck in my head and unable to move my body to DO things. So I had the essay in my head, but not on paper, and I would forget it as the meds wore off. Wellbutrin has a similar focus effect but it's not a stimulant so it keeps me much calmer (and my heartrate way lower) and keeps me focused on things for about 6-8 hours depending on how burnt out the task makes me. All about balance.
Me with adhd:yes.
Your but 3:34
As someone in med school, vyvanse is also literally just meth
wait also, just wanna say that... your ADHD illustrations are speaking to the silly goose within my ADHD. I was giggling so hard when I took a step back from the greater message of this video and just appreciated the animated silly gooses
wow I'm 27 and JUST got diagnosed with ADHD and find that I'm going through a bit of "hell yeah obviously" followed by "what-how-denial".... but damn, your illustration/portrayal of unmedicated days is....... so validating to see. so me, it's crazy. it's wild how, esp those of us who go undiagnosed for a while, just right off our symptoms as personal deficiencies / character flaws/ areas where WE need to TRy HARDER. thanks for the video man. it's giving me hope in a future that feels different than the messy undiagnosed years. HASHTAG KNOWLEDGE IS POWER FRIENDS, STAY STRONG, GIVE YOURSELVES LUV
I do have adhd but im not a hyper version of it, im a different type of adhd called HYPOactive, [Attention Deficit HYPOACTIVITY disorder], being a Hypoactive adhd person is kinda like having the normal symptoms of adhd but without the hyper part, so on the outside i seem to have autisim, but on the inside im listening to two trucks by lemon demon and questioning whats smaller than a atom
I also have adhd, and I'm on Adderall!  At the beginning I had the "focus on one thing extremely well" at the beginning haha  I found that upping the Adderall helped, I started at 5, and felt like it was working 10% of the time, then we upped it to 10, then 20mg, and I got too anxious so I'm on 15mg 😂😂 15 plus my anxiety meds has been the winning combo (Plus ouid for the really bad focus days)
The fucking dopamine just crumpled in the corner
CONCERTA MENTIONED!!
So i am adhd back then when im a kid. But due to not living in USA i guess i got it controlled naturally
I remember when I tried Strattera for a while and I had just. So Much Exhaustion. It helped me focus enough to keep up with my classes, but I literally had no energy for anything else. There was also some extreme motion sickness that was absolutely horrible. (Nausea has always been and will always be my least favorite feeling)
I’ve spent a large portion of my 26 years on earth trying to cope with my ADHD above all else. Ended up really opening up to my GP about all the problems I consider ‘lesser than’ my ADHD and he said “okay so I’m gonna pick *one* of those issues to start with.”   Cut forward a couple months, he’s got me on venlafaxine for my admittedly crippling anxiety and it’s a big ol ‘holy crap’ difference. It’s like needing glasses real bad and finally getting a pair. Without the anxiety agitating literally every other mental health issue I have it’s so much easier to manage my ADHD without *specifically* medicating for it. I do still have my off days but who doesn’t? Everyone needs their lazy sundays
I currently in the process of being diagnosed with ADHD. Pls if someone has any tips to keep organized and get stuff done pls tell me. I really need it 😭
Well, convenient to have stumbled on this. I'm currently rebalancing my stuff. Swapped from anxiety to attention meds, but specifically the non-controlled varieties that are mild and can be prescribed by a general physician. But, starting to understand I may need something more. So I need to see a psychologist for a proper evaluation and perhaps new prescription, as soon as I can figure out how the hell I'm gonna pay for it.
I have adhd And dot have m-*dies cutely*
Sad thing is, a matter of getting your habits right is part of the ADD 😅😅
I love this video! Like so much! Thank you 🙏
Im starting adderall today and am very nervous and lowkey this vid helped me chill out a little
I have ADHD and I use Vyvanse and unlike you when I take it, it is very easy for me to stay focused on multiple things during the day like I could be focused on one thing and then I can stop doing that thing and then focus on another thing so I guess it just works differently per person
love meds but i miss sleeping
My life in a cartoon
Thank you for the cow..now my brain keeps tracking away from this video back to the cow….also I’m commenting when watching, I keep watching and coming back…HELP ME
I can relate to someone that has ADHD. I have ADHD. Hababurg funny gurgulg burg.
ADHD is like living in a matrix of your own making, the which you do not remember making at all
i take a medicine that completely stop adhd self but then autism takes over and i become completely unable to do anything, think, talk, move, etc its horrible lol
as someone who use to take meds (I don't remember what they were) I can say that what I took made me not want to eat like at all. if I were to show what I looked like as a kid when i was taking these meds Youd notice I looked really thin and malnourished and I was even a little pale so my mom decided to take me off the pills and when she did I began to eat again and I was gaining back weight and my skin color improved and now  I'm really good when it comes to my weight and stuff.
lol. Having adhd is different and alike for everyone. I mean, I literally will break down sometimes for not understanding something
I take guanfacine it’s an absolute trip I finally got that ability to do what needs to get done I felt for so long that agonizing feeling was just me being problematic but then after taking it I feel a lot better but still it is not magic if I don’t choose to stay focused I won’t but it’s a lot less agonizing to do what I need to do
😂wow
I believe I have ADHD and Autism, but I never got diagnosed in school because my parents sent me to a Lutheran school, and they just said I was built the way god intended. Because of that my grades suffered and they ended up just blaming me for not "applying myself" or "being a distraction to myself"   Now I am 25 and genuinely considering going and seeing a psych so I can try medications, just so I can actually have executive function and focus.. I can't read things without having to re-read it 4 or 5 times to even process what I just read, and I am constantly aware of what NEEDS to get done, but I can't for the life of me get it done. It affects my day to day life, and I hate it, but I have no answers.
I started on Strattera a couple years ago and the very first thing I noticed when I took it the first time was that, about an hour after I took it, the music in my head stopped. I always had a song stuck in my head, literally constantly. It was something I was barely even aware of by the time I got started on meds because it was such a constant in my life. I took the meds and an hour later my brain just… quieted down. The music stopped. I started following trains of thought from beginning to end. Something I feel like people don’t really Get with ADHD is that there is no such thing as “limiting distractions”. The distractions are me. I am the distraction. Because I am a brain inside of a body and the brain is the reason I am distracted. But since I started taking meds, I now have the ability to filter out distractions in my brain. I can hold focus consistently and I don’t have to struggle through constant “latching onto that thought, then latching onto this one, then getting back on topic, then latching onto a brand new one, wait what was I doing?” Meds aren’t for everyone but good lord am I glad that they are for me.
I got diagnosed at a crazy young age that I'm able to recognize as being pretty lucky in that regard. But the problem is, while I remember taking things like Concerta and stuff early on, as soon as I was put on adderall, and it worked, that was it. That was about 10-12 years ago.  So you can IMAGINE the crap I went through during the shortage
this made me realize i need to change my meds lmao thank you
The control panel with 5 different guys is so accurate
i used to have some that worked but i just felt bored and never ate anything after i stoped taking it i gained 50 pounds safe to say not the best medication
i got a new brand and i got sick
I have tried dozens and dozens of adhd medicines. I have a very severe version of adhd, but medications never help.
My psych started me out with vyvanse, but it felt like it made me feel slow and it cost way too much for me. Switched to adderall and ive been doing well for years on that, 5mg twice daily and if i take them consistently, im able to get theough chores and work without it feeling like the worst thing in thw world
Vyvanse is also meth lol (I'm on it and it helps a lot)
Oh my god, there’s lore here with computer guy in the beginning
Not a single medication that I have ever tried has managed to fix my executive dysfunction, they didn't even put a dent in it. You'd think that'd mean that I don't have ADHD then if the meds don't do anything, but then you see soccer moms (without ADHD) in the US chugging Adderall because it makes them high or whatever, and it didn't have that effect on me either, so I'm just furious at whatever it is that's causing me to have no dopamine.
I can't stop laughing over how much this cartoon is exactly the same as what I experience, it's the story of my entire life and it was nice to laugh about lol
This is exactly my dear of meds. Howwwww to make life work no meds no depression
Your experience on Vyvanse is honestly like my experience every day as a person with ADHD/Anxiety/Depression who can hyperfocus.
Taking ADHD meds made me feel like a different person and it bothered me so much
1:07 my brain is like this too
Change your diet. I know it sounds crazy but don't eat fast good or like bio engineered foods. (Check the label) and no soda. It'll help alot trust me
Mfw every adhd med gives me 4 hours of focus and then crippling muscle pain and insomnia for 48 hours
watching a video ab ADHD and cant even focus on it
The way I always described my ADHD is having multiple trains of thoughts at the exact same time, my meds allow me to select what train I want to focus on and silences the others. I try to focus on everything, there for I can not focus on anything.
hehehehehe Focalin go brrrrrt
I have taken vyvanse, ritalin, intuniv and am currently on concerta
1:08 this is the most acurate representation of adhd ever
"Do not be tunnel visioned", has ADHD, 😐
I know this is a year old, but I just feel the need to put this out there. I don’t know why.  When I was on ADHD meds, I enjoyed it. I like being I didn’t feel stressed. I didn’t feel pain, but I wasn’t happy. I wasn’t sad by any means I was just neutral. Apparently I didn’t show any emotions you could talk to me, but I wasn’t there granted I have been told since taking them that 750 mg of Depakote is far too much For 180 pound 16-year-old girl And after being off of them for about a week, people said that I seemed more happy yet I didn’t feel it or maybe I didn’t just didn’t notice   Edit a few moments after posting this, I realize that it may sound like I’m encouraging people to stop taking their medicine. I am not it worked for me. It was not recommended and quite frankly because of how strong the medicine I was on I could’ve died from this talk to your doctor , or do this at your own risk as it can end really bad
I'm talking Concerta, it helps me a lot with my focus in school
Vyvanse personally makes me extremely exhausted. I usually knock out within 30mins of taking it. Adderall is the way. Made me hyperfocused on schoolwork to the point of enjoyment. Coming down from it always left me shaky though and i wouldnt recommend daily use of the instant acting pills unless its at a low dose.
for me, whats helped the most is just... I stopped fighting it and started building around my adhd.
as a person with adhd (and autism which just makes it worse) i approve this video
What's the name of the first song
I want more dancing cow
If i had a nickel for every time this man was sponsored by NordVPN...
You made this video when you weren't on meds. You're probably fine. Everyone gets distracted, maybe you get distracted more than other people. OK. We're all just monkeys with lasers, enjoy your life man.
Polish cow
I lik u. Ability hehe. Unmedicated, wake up at 3:30 kinda day
jokes on you i was never subcribed
1:57  “oh god”
As a person with ADHDD on Vivance,  I experience similar effects to what you described. I see some thing and go into a hyperfocused rabbit hole and am able to do an insane amount of work and spend an insane amount of time on that thing, just to remember that I have a huge assignment due in 10 minutes that I had barely even started on. Its better than being unmedicated though, so thats something, at least.
I stopped at 4:28 and will return in 7.3years to resume the rest, hoping I will have the attention span for it then.
I have ADHD and I am like you I can't pay attention this and that but I don't take meds for it.
the sadness i felt when the laptop broke is unreal at 20 seconds
I have adhd
I was basically gaslit into thinking I had adhd because I didn’t find mundane classes entertaining. Now I can’t stop taking these stupid meds or else I can’t think. I know I didn’t have adhd because I used to come home after school and teach myself coding for hours. If I had adhd I couldn’t have done that right?  They ruined my brain!!! I’m losing so much weight but if I stop taking the meds I become stupid and useless.  I hate those doctors so much
I use methaphenadate and I think it works decent
What is that fucking song name. I NEED IT NOW
I spaced out on an out-loud monologue about types of neurodivergence from about 3mins in until the 4:29 mark. Now I have to rewind it and find out what was going on while I was talking to myself about theories about myself… But, I was supposed to be going to sleep, but I grabbed my phone to do something but I don’t remember what that was and the cup of water in the other room is bothering me because I accidentally left it there because I was supposed to germinate some seeds yesterday but didn’t remember until tonight and then forgot again somehow, so I am simultaneously fighting the urge to either do that or play Fallout 76… But, I’m supposed to be going to be because I should be up at 7am. And I just drank a whole can of soda after 11pm because I had planned to stay up (for some potentially specific reason???) and also because I knew it would taste good and give me a little bit of brain tingles.😅 At this point… I think I need an adult. 🥴😂
You just literally fucked my entire life up. I don't know you at all...but I love you for this.
Honestly for me i don't believe in thoses med's anymore i did work before but then i heard on tiktok about something called Placeront effect its basicly something about when you believe in something your brain make you feel like its real even tho this thing dont do anything its just in your brain and since i saw this i actually dont feel anything effect when i take those med's
I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6-7, and recently I’ve discovered that it’s so severe that even over 100mg of concerta don’t work completely. Sure they help but unlike others, I can’t stop taking them during weekends, or summer or breaks because if I stop taking them I become mentally unstable, can’t do anything right and become effectively a blob on the bed.
That's neat but have you tried being misdiagnosed with ADHD while actually being autistic and being medicated with ADHD stuff
I stoped cleaning to watch this now im sitting in the floor sorounded by stuff.
Sounds like Vyvanse was giving you panic attacks. Also I have the same thing happen to me, where I just focus on the wrong thing all the time.
As somebody who has been on many kinds of medication for ADHD before, this is a good video about it, describing the symptoms of executive dysfunction and distractability really well.  And it does really well at going over the pros and cons of various medications.  My only criticism is that I'd call Adderall (methylphenidate) "diet meth" instead "basically meth."  I'm unfamiliar with real meth, but drawing on my own somewhat negative experiences with Adderall, I'm certain meth's more addictive qualities feel a lot more fun.
I remember when I was little they said I had ADD Not ADHD and they gave me some pills for it that did nothing, and they just got me hopping from pill to pill like a lab rat. and eventually put me on anti depressants it was weird but all the pills did was make me feel like super hollow inside, take away my appetite and make everything kind of have no flavor. and to this day the issue kind of persists I can taste things now and don't feel like a shell of a person but never really know when I'm hungry unless I start shaking. this was like almost 20 years ago and I haven't really trusted medications since
me thinking i have ADHD: therapist: oh ye u many have autism. me: o w-what
It sounds like the problem wasn't "the meds were good until it wasn't" and more that you started with meds that worked, didn't increase the dose, swapped onto meds that kind of helped but wasn't actually a good fit.  I was put onto concerta. I was similar where I could get to doing tasks better, but certain tasks were easier than others. I went up a dose, and it helped me with focusing much more to the point where once I was stable on that dose I went from not being able to look for work properly for 8 full months to cracking down and finding a job in less than two weeks. But there were some blood pressure issues due to being overweight, and even when my BP was in safe levels I knew there was room to improve.  And so, last week I moved up to the third dose, and... oh my god. I felt incredible. My blood pressure was stable, my focus excellent but still able to switch tasks, or if I wanted I would spend literal hours doing something which I knew would not be a waste of time, and I felt calm and level-headed in a way where I could see things far more for what they were. Last week I planned my finances for the entirety of the next year, I improved my excel skills, I had incredibly productive debates, resolved some internal traumas, and had a completely seamless shop for work clothes where I went in, saw what I wanted, and knew I would like it.  If anyone reads this while trying medication or wish to try it at some point: If it makes you productive, keep taking it. If you feel like you can do better, go up a dose, and again if you feel one more will help. If all it does is make you lock onto what you are doing, that is not a good fit, nor if it causes other issues.  On that, if you experience side-effects, figure out why and also check your blood pressure. High blood pressure can be felt if you feel sluggish and grotty, or more obviously your heartbeat is harder than normal. If it is your BP but it isn't a dangerous levels, reduce salt intake and exercise more and that should help bring it down. If it's not blood pressure, stop taking the medication, it could be very dangerous to continue, so please speak to a medical professional asap.  Sorry for long post, but hope it helps if anyone needing advice sees it <3
This also has a lot to with one's lifestyle. Cuz I imagine your experiences could have been different if you had a different lifestyle but what do I know lol
My boyfriend and me are on different ends on the adhd spectrum. Example if you were to give us both a test. He’d sit there unable to focus and need longer to get the test done. I’d blow through the test in 5 seconds to do anything else other than sit still. Even though we’re both ADHD he’s more ADD than I am, the kicker adhd meds worked for him I was on a different med every few months from 5 to 13 because nothing worked for me everyone’s brain is different.
Always start on a low dosage. Be careful of being over prescribed meds because you either don't know how to self evaluate how your meds are working on you or because you have parents forcing you to take the meds and you don't want to take them so you say they're not working. Did this as a kid, I know bad plan but I didn't realize the consequences of my actions. I was over prescribed adhd meds due to falsely reporting to my doctor, I was given way too much and ended up almost killing myself out of nihilistic depression. I cold turkeyed my meds and thankfully slowly got better but not after doing serious damage to the development of my personality and social skills. Now I'm on a low dosage and take as needed mostly only taking it on days when I have to work because of the shortages. Be safe out there, fully communicate with your doctor, these are serious medications
Gold
Loved this video when I first saw it, but I want to clarify a bit of misinformation that is often spouted.   Adderall is an amphetamine, but it is NOT meth. The very slightly different chemical composition does a WORLD of difference in how they affect you. Source: professional chemist.
3:22 I have a friend called Nord {not irl} lol-
today i found im not the only one
All my thoughts are cow
I can’t use no VPN on my butt. I just got the Bluetooth butt installed dude.
Love hearing other ADHD medication stories because its always so different NEVER the same.  Atomoxetine, the generic for Strattera, changed my life for the better as an example
ADHD is really annoying i swear to god but its really something, thats for sure
4:12 Cleaning up *Other general messes*
Regular dexamphetamine sulfate works well for me. Only issue with it is that I have trouble remembering to take it.
his laptop :c
I started taking 💊 when I was in high school, then I got a PhD in physics.  The problems seems like you didn’t keep learning about orbital mechanics instead of doing what society wants you to do. *shrug*
Oh hi there, just watching this vid in full while i have to finish my editting, thinking. man, maybe if i take adarall i could finish the total mess outside my home. which will prob takes less time then the duration of this video.    This shit is kicking my ass, i dont WANT to be needing pills to do things i actually WANT to do.... it sucks O_X
I have audhd (autism, and ADHD) so it means I hate taking my meds, but I also need to take my meds to even focus and the medication makes me really sick so it sucks
Thanks this helped. Sure ima unsubscribe.(I’m not even subbed to u but this was funny. Lol)
I had the same issue because they don't prescribe anything lower than 5mg, so I broke the pills into smaller portions. That helped alot, Adderall can be overwhelming. You can also ask for an off brand version which I feel works better because the strength isn't so hard hitting, I don't get headaches when I take the off brand. Anyways hope this helps someone, bye bye
I recently got diagnosed with adhd and got put on some easy medication for it and it helps with anxiety too. I never thought my adhd would affect me at work until i realized it makes  me slow, unfocused, constantly forgetting things (even after writing them down) small mistakes after triple checking , procrastination and super scatter brained and overthinking, I am in the process of what works for me but it can only go up from here. On this journey I hope a part of my medicine can help me, I know the biggest thing was reaching out for help.
I take concerta and it be ballin when it kicks
Metal pipe sound?
you really used Cypis song for the intro
btw does anyone know the name of the song where that cow is dancing
I just found out me and my brother have ADHD 😊  symptoms
i the medication i take is methylphenidate (Ritalin) and it helps me focus and stay on task. one downside though is poor metabolism and its probably why I'm skinny. ADHD is a funky thing to where i feel odd without it
I probably have a year to ADHD 2 because I have the same day just like you
When i took vivance it gave me tunnel vision and it made me dissociated
video sponsored by a big drug company
Cool video😂 The animation and the concept is clear and funny
I feel represented but also called out
I tried to unsubscribe but there was only a subscribe button. You're super lucky...
My current adhd medication is caffeine   I need to get medicated forreal though
Not tried ritalin?
In 1997 I participated in an event involving 600 trumpets. It was loud.
Im luck my adhd is not drugged FRICK DRUGS!
Adderall is chemically similar to meth, but it isn't meth. It's like the difference between H2O and H2O2. One is good in moderation, the other bad. Just bad. Don't do it. It's the meth one. Don't do meth. Also, don't drink Hydrogen Peroxide.   Vyvanse is safe to just go on and off with. My doctor told me it's actually preferable to take it only when I feel like I need to that day. Also with the American health system, I could go months before I get re-approved for a single month supply. Yay America!
So, what is the cow video? I'm interested in it.
I have ADD and my pills make me lose my appetite so I don't eat but then when I dont eat I don't have energy and if I don't have energy I can't focus and it I can't focus I big time sad
I am in a really high dose myself. 20mg of Adderall regular and then I take 20mg XR about 2 hours later. I finally feel at peace and it feels so good that I'm able to stay on one task and compete it fully.
Markiplier takes a different medication that he says makes him feel like himself a lot more than when he was on Adderall
"Effectively taking meth" is the most wrong and misunderstood thing about Adderall that puts a lot of people off and has gotten me a lot of judgement throughout my life. You don't see people on Adderall ending up homeless and fighting the invisible monsters on the side of the road. Saying Adderall is meth is like saying beer and rubbing alcohol are the same thing.
I refuse to be diagnosed with ADHD. I mean look at this comment section. ADHD doesnt exist, theres just this tiny population in the world who we call “normal.” Instead, im going to… thinking about it, Im supposed to be getting ready for work, and im driving someone else to work, but im here. I dont know why im even writing this right now.
I feel your pain bro, I'm on 40 mlg on Vyvanse snd it helps me focus but it also makes me lose all my creativity, it makes me feel braindead lol
you might want to consider strattera tbh. My problem was also focus and it helped like. A LOT. it's not a magic pill and it could be a bit better but oh my god. The Ways my life improved. Strattera acts suuper slowly and its really hard to pint point what changed in my life from before and after (i also have memory problems but. who doesn't in the adhd community lol) but my ability to Start tasks and Concentrate has gone up like, Exponentially. I still have to create a setting that works for myself. I had an incredible luck with meds and i got them right first try, but they truly changed my life for the best and im forever grateful for them and i can't recommend them enough! (ofc, results might vary, i was just blessed by the adhd god)
Have you tried paying someone to force you to focus on the right thing? Like a personal trainer but for the brain.
You should introduce drug holidays to minimize the side effects. And be advised that meds don't give you productivity. They provide ability to lock on your attention like a "normal" person. Normal people are not necessarily productive at will !!
ice cream sandwich just educated us about his drug experiences.
Try a non stim! Strattera was nice
I take concerta and have found that it allows me to have like one head guy in my brain that my conscious mind can talk to, he goes to the subconscious and discusses with the other 15 brains doing who knows what and then responds to my conscious mind with a reasonable answer. I still have the ability to think about a bunch of different things but am able to get a concessions of what my brain is really trying to do. It is like a wall that is required to talk to both sides and summarize what each side is saying.
It's comical that I'm watching this video while my Vyvanse kicks in instead of doing my lab report
Ah, so it's hopeless. Got it
I subscribed just because you're the first youtuber to ever tell me to *un*subscribe.
People who have adhd or a.d.d
So sick of uneducated gibberish and a million replies saying "can relate to this". If there is not a disclaimer under a video saying "Licensed doctor" then they are not educated enough to talk about mental illness. Having mental illness certainly doesn't qualify you. And if where it should say "licensed doctor" instead says "Nord VPN" stop taking it seriously. I can say loads of things that we all relate to, it doesn't make you ill!! Stop believing youtube and tiktok and talk to a fucking therapist. I guarantee that 90% of you do not have ADHD, you just have addiction to social media and that prevents you from focusing!!!
I already have health issues and had to stop taking vyvanse cause the side effects made it much worse 😭 sad cause it helped me focus :(
Before meds studying was impossible*. With meds, it just happens and I don't even think about it.  * unless I got lucky and spend the next 17 straight hours  feverishly learning about it.
I like how people call adderall meth when ADHD people can actually be prescribed methamphetamine lol.  I don’t have ADHD i hope but I take nicotine because even though it helps sometimes its only a moderate help to my schizophrenia’s lethargy
Kinda ironic that the polish cow song is about doing drugs...
I took Adderall for several years as a teenager for my adhd but like mr ice cream sandwhich said, it only helped me do basic tasks. I didn't take vivance because I hate taking medication that drastically changed me. It felt like I wasn't the one operating myself. So years go by and then I randomly tried keto diet unrelatedly. What I found on the keto diet was the most pure form of an adhd cure. My brain thought about everything and it felt like my iq had risen 2x. I was reading books in my free time,  I bought a white board and started learning about atoms for fun (wtf). But the keto diet is super hard to stay on and I ultimately had to quit because everytime I went 3 months without eating carbs my body developed really bad rashes (doctor just said its from a diet imbalance???) So I haven't been on keto for a while but I do want to get back on it and I would recommend that everyone tries it at least once to see the insane boost in brain power it gives you. I'm also just way too into pizza and ice cream lately but that's my own problem
on the vyvanse it sounds like you dose is too high as these are sypmtoms of starting on it.
My problem is, is that i can never focus on anything my brain isnt interested in. I cannot force my brain to (without meds) focus on anything other a book im enjoying or a video game i really like playing or an anime im into. And when i do by sheer luck manage to remember what i need to for school or work, my brain distracts me again with things i like. For example: i just got through 2 pages out of 10 on a finance assignment and i STRUGGLED to get those done. It took 2 hours, not because i dont understand it, but because its such a power struggle with my own brain to get anything done that my brain doesnt find interesting. And when my brain gets bored it just shuts down and doesnt do anything productive or useful. Like right now in this current moment as im typing this, my brain wants to think about the crew 2 instead of things to type.
That’s so weird the effect that vyvanse had on you. I think it worked like adderall did for you where I wanted to get up and do stuff and adderall just makes me more focused.
I should be studying for a mid term right now
Polish cow as the intro? Are you by any chance Polish?
Guh
The video is brilliant. Love the humor!
I had ADHD when I was little so my mom made me learn violin to deal with it it actually worked I’m doing better with me attention span and I’ve called down as well
I went through drug induced psychosis on adderall and then was misdiagnosed with bipolar for 2 1/2 years because of it! (fuck big Pharma) 2 1/2 years wasted of my life... I highly recommend taking nothing and figuring out a way to train you ADHD brain to work... its not always perfect, but much better than when I started. it rlly seemed impossible to do anything for years of my life... and I thought I would never be able to function normally. there are plenty of days where I still get stuck all day in executive dysfunction.  It takes grit and determination for the goal you want... I also went to neurofeedback therapy :) but there are other methods and it is possible.  I am currently graduating with honors after dropping out of college twice because of this reason.  it gets better.
I take 54mg of concerta alongside the changing of habits and it is saving my life 🎉
I like Concerta. I just need something that will give me the ability to DO something long enough to set up systems that can help me survive even if I weren’t on it. That’s all I can really hope for at this point lol. The rest is just apps, routines, and therapy lol.
well fuck
I’m not joking when I say I have tried EVERYTHING but nothing worked and by that I mean it had absolutely no effect on me
The ADHD cow song has some depressing lyrics. For the morbidly curious.  https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA?si=IZN1m9wSY3m6xTsg
It’s not fun advice but it’s true advice/ hands down best and easiest thing you can do to improve focus is 30min silent meditation daily. You don’t need to stop your thoughts to do this as many ADHDers assume leading them to believe they “just can’t” meditate. You sit and observe the thoughts without following them (aka being identified with them), it’s difficult to return to focusing on your breath instead of following the thoughts at first but that’s why it works - you’re literally doing “reps” to strengthen focus every time you do. Just start with 1 min a day, then 5, 10, etc. I worked my way up to 30 min in 2 months and have been doing that - with the occasional day it’s missed - for a year. It helps. A lot.
stimulants dont work for everyone with adhd. itll give you the same effects that caffeine does-- which means panic attack symptoms like shortness of breath.
Ah Crap..
Moral of the story: stop taking the meds 👍 thank you
vyvanse fucked me up ruined my appetite and everything so i was malnourished then,. my doctor told me i coulda been around 6'2 (my dad is 6'8 mom 5'3") but noooo
You should try neurofeedback
Adderall is low key meth (I'm on 20mg)
Adderall didn't magically fix everything, but it gave me a fighting chance to fix it myself. I thought something was legit wrong with me, until I started taking it and I realized that a lot of my issues were ADHD AND bad habits that I developed from a lifetime of coping with my untreated ADHD—habits I couldn't even dream of correcting until the ADHD was under control first.
Came for the ADHD knowledge. Stayed for the entertaining video. (It is just so good and funny.)
I think of why you don't take both adderall and vyvanse
I feel you. It's a rough ride. I was fortunate that adderall was the first med I tried and worked for me. Most people struggle to find a medication that really works for their ADHD. I would say it's worth continuing to work with your doctor to find something that works for you.  Life with ADHD is hard, but life with ADHD unmedicated was substantially harder.
hihihihi this intro is so funny when you understand polish... hhihihihi
Million percent, never had s.o told my day to day struggle/ life so accurately
I'm still early in my ADHD medication journey so here's hoping I don't go the icky bad route.  Wish me luck!
i need a link of tge song in the beginning so badly
I used to take Focalin XR and it would turn me into a zombie, I would have loss of appetite, tunnel vision, I would ignore others around me and I would very very weird like my private parts was no longer there, and sometimes depression. I hated taking the meds so much that I stopped and I felt better but I was back to square one. Eventually life slapped me hard enough in the face to force me to cope with my adhd and I've been off of them every since. I think it was 2014 when I started college but I never finished and but broke my way into IT work. I personally believe the energetic side of ADHD will make a lot of people remain more youthful the those that are not o_O
I’ve been taking this one medication called methylphenidate for a few years and it works really good but I keep having to up the dosage a little bit every few years because my body becomes used to it and the effect wears off.
If you weren’t diagnosed as a kid i doubt you have it
I was diagnosed with ADHD at age 9. I was medicated until I was 14. I took Ritalin. The issue I had with it was that it killed my appetite for the entire day once it kicked in, and while I was significantly less hyperactive, my focus wasn’t much better and I was basically a zombie. So my parents and my psychiatrist decided that it would be best if I stopped. I’ve been unmediated ever since. A few years ago, I started taking a supplement called Focus Factor. It’s relatively cheap and it helps me a lot with brain fog. I find that even though I still get distracted, it’s easier for me to redirect back to the task I was working on. Plus there’s no side effects. Obviously this isn’t medical advice, but it’s good to explore all the options
justice for compy!
For me [I am a minor so-] I take Methlyphineidate [I'm pretty sure that's how it's spelled] and it mainly helps me focus and like keep my thoughts in order but the thing is I take extended release so I have to take it at a certain time an it also doesn't work properly without having a good meal eaten before it kicks in. so it's a bit of a struggle on weekends sometimes :'D  and I HAVE to take it everyday as well
Hah you got hyperfocus from the meds, that's a common trait of hyperactive type ADHD. I have hyperactive type and experience hyperfocus a lot.
Omg i understand the lyrics of that cow song 😭 it's all i can hear as well
ngl that you used the polish cow meme was a literal reminder for me that i wanted to make an appointment for getting tested lmao... thanks xD
Meds alone wont fix problems exacerbated by a lack of healthy habits/coping mechanisms. Its more affective to create great habits along with the meds to strengthen the approach.
Ho fuck, I might have ADHD 😅
Don't these symptoms just happen to everyone though? You only get a diagnosis once its affecting your life, but sometimes life is affected anyway due to an array of factors?
ADHD is wacky, either you cannot pay attention even if your life depended on it, or your get so fixated on it that you cant stop learning about and talking about it. For me, at this ver moment, its TMNT, specifically ROTTMNT. (Im gonna stop before I start ranting 😅)
Thank you for reminding me to take my meds with the thumbnail! Im on Adderall 15mg, extended release (the once a day one). It's not just meth for me XD  For me, my ADHD causes massive anxiety and depression, so being medicated has literally changed my life. It doesn't always work, but it also helps me know that relaxing is ok so I do better on that front too. I get more done, and relax more. This is the only medication that has worked since childhood, and it fixes so many issues for my crazy brain.
WAIT. THE TIRED FEELING- IS A MEDS THING?? oh shit. i’ve been really winded recently any time i do anything that isn’t rot in bed. my family keeps thinking i have “long covid” i started adhd meds not too long after i had covid so that’s why they thought that. but IT CAN BE THAT??
The vyvanse trick is to dissolve it in your drink and take it slowly so you don’t get the tachycardia
I am so glad I found this. I’ve never felt so listened to in my life 😭  I’ve never used meds since my diagnosis 9 months ago but I’m sort of trying to find ways to recognise my distractions and work around them  Or work WITH my ADHD instead of fighting against it   The trumpets in the brain scene had me crying with laughter 😭
That vid itself already triggers me 😅
Shoutout Strattera. I was diagnosed with Autism and to a somewhat lesser extent ADHD when I was really young, so I was on that medication for years. In my experiences, medications like Strattera worked great when I was young but was something that started basically ruining my life as I got older.  I don't know if anyone else has had a similar experience, but eventually the "focus" aspect that these medications are supposed to help with, led to me intensely focusing on the wrong things, such as what every person thought of me at any given moment, and non--verbal communication cues that I always took as being negative.  Since getting into some pretty rough drug addiction in University I've had to get back on ADHD meds if at a much lower dose, so I think ultimately the strength of a given medication and where your at developmentally play a huge role.
An important aspect of managing your ADHD is using the techniques that help with habit stacking and also eating despite your lack of hunger cues.
I learned how to properly manage my adhd once I graduated from high school. Sure, I kind of hand a handle on it then, but I had other problems going on then. (getting bullied, failing classes, trying and probably failing to practice self care, etc) I haven't taken medication since I was a child, and I don't know what all my parents had tried with me, or for how long, but I assume, considering they refused to put me on meds again, they tried quite a few. Apparently, taking adhd meds turn me into either a raging psychopath or a depressed, self loathing person. Now, I'm happily engaged to the most wonderful person in the world.  If you have adhd, there is absolutely nothing wrong with you. How you want to handle it is generally up to you.
Your brain is cute!
i need to know the cow song+
Vyvanse is literally just as much meth as adderall.
Un-medicated adhd is me having to see the Polish dancing cow video before I could continue this video.
eradicate ADHD with genetic screening and abortion.  Death is the only cure.
I've recently been prescribed effexor for my adhd.  Took a few weeks to feel any change but recently I did the dishes without it being a huge ordeal.  I thought it was weird to take an antidepressant but I'm hopeful that it's going help.   There are more options than just stimulant medications.
why is the video so quiet???
gosh I totally forgot about the vyvanse breathlessness
Instructions clear, unsubscribed!  Please provide more instructions at your next available convenience!
I’m on 60mg of Vyvanse and still struggle to keep focus on one thing at a time 😅 I can’t stop the task once I start it for anything or else I’ll NEVER finish it. I can’t stop to go to the bathroom or eat or sleep or else I’ll get distracted and move on to something else 😂 I still struggle with focusing on one thing lol
Yeh imma give everyone here a tip, ive taken alot of yvanse i even missused it alot in the past and my biggest and only tip when taking it is DO NOT MASTURBATE jesus fuck ended up doing it 26hrs straight once
Concerta is pretty good but it’s still methylphenidate based.
The dopamine corpse made me bust out laughing, such a good representation 😂
I’m rekked cuz of my adhd
ADHD thought... if you had a VPN for your butt, would the farts sound different?
All the meds work in COMPLETELY DIFFERENT WAYS.....and I don't want to go without meds. I was eleven and I described my ADHD as a razor wire I'm barely able to keep  my balance on, slipping and wobbling and bleeding but I can't get off or I will die aka the only way out. And there's the shortage of meds now....guess I'll try a different med. and see how they react to me...while keeping my stash ready, of course.
My lil sis was diagnosed years before me and went through years of changing meds and dosages and some of them resulted in her being insufferable. I was almost 31 when I was diagnosed and my psych did Genomind first before picking which med I should take and it ended up being Vyvanse. no drug is without side affects but I really appreciate that she did that first because Vyvanse was a game changer for me. I use a low dose addy boost for days when I need to study or work for long hours. I also periodically take a day off from it and that prevents some of the desensitization that causes some of the issues you describe. I also take an antidepressant. I did a lot of therapy and healing and undid decades of compensation and masking so now when the med shortage interferes with me getting my Rx I go through it when the Vyvanse fully leaves my nervous system and my body adjusts to not having it (usually couple weeks later) and tend to get more dysfunctional than I have been my whole life BUT… that only lasts briefly.
Any idea what animation program they’re using?
I’ve been taking concerta my whole life and I’m too afraid to find out what my brain would do if I stopped this is a fun perspective
Did you not set a goal for what you wanted to do any of those days? Like going to work where you’ll find plenty of things that MUST get done? I imagine if you just wake up, take meds, without any goals for the day…of course you’re gonna get distracted and focus on something irrelevant? I’m confused, waiting for first meds and find this video a bit discouraging
I drink contramil I feel its a nice balance between focus and doing stuff I have to do
Adderall and vyvance were similar for me. The reason I switched to vyvance is because of rlly bad symptoms with afderall that are not normal and rare- I get the same ones with vyvance and honestly I don’t wanna take it anymore
Your not fine you have fingers growing on your head
"Gained the ability to be able to" i dont think ive ever here somebody other than me say this and im happy im not the only one 😅 its so comforting knowing im not the only weirdo lmao
im thinking i might have adhd
Naur ! JUSTICE FOR COMPY
It makes my life fucking miserable. ADHD is not an interesting experience for me personally
A VPN does nothing for you when it's your DNS that is paid by your ISP to keep records of every webpage you go to.
I take  Ritalin la
I feel like this is exactly my story! I was on vyvanse for a month an ended up blowing out two of my car tires because of being so impatient and hyper focused while driving. Went back to addie, but I’m almost 30 and it doesn’t fix the core problems, just gives me the ability. Love that ability! Makes life a little easier, but ability alone doesn’t get shit done. Most of the time, I need someone in the same room with me and so so so many alarms on my phone. But also having anxiety and depression with the adhd isn’t fun either. Once I crash from addie at the end of the day, it’s a deeper crash when I’m depressed
Yeah I know I got ADHD. I couldn't even get past the first 15 seconds without looking up that cow video
Tip for watching vids the while way through: watch at 1.25 speed
What’s interesting about adhd is all our brains are different and unfortunately we all just can’t take the same adhd medication so it takes time to find the right one for you mine is focalin xr
He said at the end to unsubsidized so I unsubscribed.
well, i did like the conclusion (i also did stop taking my meds without telling my psychiatrist...) hope you find something for you
I think this was probably the easiest vid to watch I have ever seen and also, I was reacting to the situations (out loud of course) exactly as you were lol This channel is AWESOME! MY COPING STRATEGY- oops still in caps - lots of beer and chronic fatigue from having MS. Not ideal obv but it does work 🤷🏻‍♀️ Ooh also, chronic fatigue meds gave me that ‘hyper focus’ too and then the mental burn swiftly followed by me collapsing like a felled tree and drooling for an hour, then back to ‘normal’.
This makes me think I have ADHD 😅👍
I’ve only recently settled with the fact that I have adhd. And I can definitely relate to this stuff lol. It’s weird to finally realize what’s “wrong” with me. I have a lot of other small mental issues too which makes it hard to
vyvanse is exhausting, it's like you're sacrificing bits of your lifeforce for some focus. It's like using gear second everyday. IMO it's not healthy. It does work tho lol
How do you animate your videos
Try methyplenidate
For me, adderall was a game changer. It helped me focus so I could *do stuff* and even helped smooth over my moods too. Not to where I'm a zombie but just...normal. A good normal! My anger is in better control, I can handle hard situations better, and am more aware of stuff around me.
I have inattentive ADHD and, while I can relate to overlapping thoughts and my brain just not finishing thoughts, I find that my biggest issue is the lack of organization in my brain. Like, to remember what 8+7 is I have to dig it out of a back corner in the section of my brain that is devoted to something completely unrelated. I have to rely on very particular processes which are completely inefficient (counting on hands, subtracting 1 from 8, adding 7+7 and adding 1 back on, etc). My parents wanted me to get really good at math flashcards but i couldnt do it because of the qay my brain was processing and organizing information. It makes my ideas hard to express to other people and is like rooting around in a dark basement for something you know you've seen before and can't remember where you left it.
How did they play 8 different trumpets when they only have 5 mouths...
I gotta admit, the best treatment I got for ADHD was cognitive behavioural therapy.  It taught me how to design my environment and make changes to my life that were ADHD friendly and helped me get tasks done. My therapist strongly believed that if you just threw meds at ADHD but didn't provide a base of CBT you'd encounter problems. Like in this video, one of my problems is that my meds lock me into a task like what happened in this video. Also, if I start with a high dopamine task, like a video, I can't switch to a low dopamine task like writing an email. But if I start my day with something low dopamine I can do boring paperwork. So currently I start my day with a beautiful still picture on YouTube with chill music (like lofi) while my meds kick in and end my day with higher dopamine tasks when my meds wear off. Little adjustments like that make life doable. But just being given meds with no additional support structures is horrible
THE POLISH COW
I have ADHD and it actually horrifies me that people without it are actually boring on the inside.  Like they have moments where they don't think of things or daydream.  I get distracted a lot but I wouldn't want to be that.
Single best treatment for adhd is a neuro typical who dedicates themselves to helping you live.  If only that didn't make me feel awful like I'm robbing someone else of their life.
I feel like the best ADHD medicine you could try is Focalin Xr. I am surprised of the fact that it does not get talked about as much, despite how much negative affects people get  from other ADHD medications. This is coming from someone who has ADHD and takes focalin.:)
The thing about ADHD meds is that they do something I like to call tunnel visioning but again as any medication out there your body gets used to it so it's effects starts getting less and less potent which many doctors tends to increase the dosage which is a worse outcome since the sides effects will be multiplied and I found that the case with every major neuro drug out there and yes I mean the bad type of drugs too aka addiction
Started working on my nuclear reactors presentation at 6 pm, finished learning about AI and how to utilize TPU at 3 am.   I feel great - I have 5 hours till my class to prepare the presentation and I learned some google colab thingies
did I use this as a source for a paper in my english class on ADHD medications? Yes. Yes I did.
Aderall js definitely not like meth
I’m nearly 30 and I was only diagnosed a few years ago when I was about 27. Before then I was literally going insane as to why I was struggling with focus, why I was terrible as regulating my emotions, the list goes on, like some days I would have a near meltdown over the tiniest of things then ask myself why I had said meltdown….  Turns out I was “unmasking” and the ADHD was coming out from “hiding” and I went to get tested for it and bam… I was right about my assumptions.  Keep in mind I always struggled with ADHD but I grew up thinking ADHD didn’t exist or it wasn’t a big deal so I didn’t even realise I could have it till I started paying attention… to myself… if that makes sense?
Kinda late for this great video to comment but : I think the feelings you talked about, being out of breath etc...was anxiety, and anxiety attack. It happenned to me when i was taking ritalin, and then i switched to concerta and it stopped. Also, if the molecule is the same as ritalin, concerta, quazim, adderall etc, you can stop taking the medication at wish, it won't do anything to you unlike antidepressants, mood regulators or stuff like xanax etc.
polish cow leading this episode led me to once again click the bookmark taking me away, sorry man can only do about 10 sec of watchtime today I guess
Matt Ley supremacy
So i took vyvannce as a kid. It really helped in school but it did give wicked migraines. It also gave me a lack of hunger. It could have also been the other meds i took to prevent migraines topiramate.
Adhd! The worst thing ever! Buy it now for 19.99, and if you call right now, we'll throw in another life altering neurodevelopmental disorder! Braincells not included.
😮meth........unreal😢
My 200 mg of whatever the hell I am on I think it’s that third medication you mentioned at the start is my live laugh love 😌😌😌
everyone's journey is different; but be aware that there are now non-stimulant ADHD medications like atomoxetine (Strattera), which some (like me) will tolerate much better. they can also be combined with alpha-2A agonists  (like Clonidine or Guanfacine) to treat different aspects of ADHD (such as rejection-sensitive dysphoria), potentially synergizing to enable a lower dose than either separately.  no medication should be expected to "fix" ADHD (it's just how our brains work). that's why it's important to explore a variety of different practical options: and this includes a variety of different classes of medications, and various doses and combinations of those medications.   it sucks that there's not just a one size fits all cookie cutter approach, but holistic perspective and persistence exploring different options can eventually reveal the right therapeutic regimen for a particular individual.
If you ever have to talk to someone about your meds and the doctor or psyche is busy or away, talk to a pharmacist. They have just as much insight about the meds as the doctors prescribing them and can help you when you need answers as well as any doctor.
probably the ONLY video where I DIDN'T SKIP the SPONSORED section
Ritalin fixed it for me!! Give that a go one day :)
Your story with Vyvanse sounds a lot like my daily experiences with Autism. I follow things so well with such hyper focus that I still don't get what I want to get done, done. I have to essentially craft my entire routine around it which I don't mind and would love to do, if only I could get started on it.
its rare to see another sponsorship than nord vpn with this guy 😂
Try clonidine
So…whats the name of the cow song tho…
I was on meds. Stratera to be specific. Made me tired and sick the entire time, but that might have been the food I had along side it. (Also I got RIPPED off my meds, do not recommend.)
I tried bupropion and it helped with the overlapping thoughts but didn’t help me focus
I was given ADHD meds and I took em, but my perception of time got fucked, and suddenly like 6 months went by and I didn't know it, for me it felt like I went to bed and suddenly it was the next year.  I stopped taking them, been to five shrinks, one says I have depression, another ADHD, another says I've conquered my ADHD what does that even mean, and another says I have ADHD and Autism.  Anyway, Hikes and Monster seem to work.
My friend had adhd once instead of taking aderal he do meth
distractability 🤣
You are a cool person. Thanks
I’m proud of you it’s very hard to get off meth
I have had a similar experience of shortness of breath on dextro-amp back when I didn’t take the medication with food. The SOB led me into a health crisis and I took a 6 month hiatus off the medication. I even got sinus surgery to prevent it. For me the SOB was caused by exercise induced asthma and acid reflux (which stimulants can cause). I’m back on dextro-amp now and I take it with food and i no longer have that SOB. I was so scared to get back on stimulants but I desperately needed them. Lexapro helped me tolerate them again. I’m now off the lexapro and doing just fine.
The fart after taking the adderall was too real
omg the crippled dopamine in the corner 😂😂😂
Oh yeah. ADHD is a trip. It makes my brain go, silly, goofy ahh!
Well……. This was a fun and slightly heart breaking realization that maybeeee my meds actually don’t work for me anymore. They used to work PERFECTLY for the past 6-7(ish) years but recently I take them and either I hyper fixate on a task I don’t have to do or my anxiety kicks in about all the things I have to do and then I hyper fixate on the anxious feeling about all the things I need to do and fall into adhd paralysis. This video really forced me to look at myself and realize I’ve been so stuck on the fact that they did work and that I didn’t want to start from square 1 again and I’ve definitely been lying to myself that it’s fine…. So even though part of me is kind of annoyed that seeing this video is the reason I’m most likely gonna have to start over majority of me really just wants to say thank you so much for creating this so I can start getting better and I appreciate you sharing your journey. If anyone else is going through something similar after years of success just know there are tons of factors that can cause a change in your meds ability to work for you from environmental changes to hormones to literally just your brain developing more as you’ve gotten older. The only reason I know this is because of the many rabbit holes of adhd research I’ve fallen down that apparently didn’t convince my brain that switching meds was an option but at least this cute 7 minute YouTube video of a cartoon stick figure talking to me did 🥲
A higher dosage of adderall did that. 😂 if I’m focusing on crap when it kicks in, BAM 💥 day gone. If I’m focused on cleaning, 💥 house is deep cleaned like I could lick a floor.
shoutout to that time when the phrase "24/7" spurred me to deep dive into why a week is seven days. Like I knew a day was one rotation of the earth and one year is one rotation of the earth around the sun and a month is one moon is roughly one moon cycle but i didnt know why 7 days was a week. from what i remember i think a single moon phase lasts roughly a week so that was cool but also very unrelated to the initial phrase
I had a similar experience with meds. Sadly. It worked for a while, and suddenly they gave me these god damn panic and anxiety attacks. So I stopped taking them and I were fine again.
I took concerta, and honestly I think it worked the best out of all the meds I tried. It was also the first one I had lol. Anyways, its "meth" as in its in the same "family" as meth. METH is methamphetamine, Concerta, the med, is Methylphenidate. The reason I am not on it anymore is because my body quickly adapts to meds, so I have to keel increasing the dose until it gets to high and switch to something else. But looking back, I think those were my most productive days. Also its fun to joke that you legally can take meth
Bro this is so depressing. I've had similar experiences but you didn't even scratch the surface.  Vyvanse and Adderall are the same drug.Vyvanse is just Adderall but made to digest slower so it lasts all day instead of a few hours. It's a better version but you were still just trying the same drug.   It's not even a different class of stimulants, let alone a different class of medications. There's a lot more you can try.
Adderall helped but makes me edgy. Vyvance was instant and never ceasing insomnia, absolute hell! Because of sleep apnea and ADHD burnout(as it turned out) my Doctor thought I might have Narcolepsy and prescribed me Modafinil. Instant CURE for ADHD, no side effects! Results may vary, but I am so glad I was able to try it! Year later and ADHD is hardly noticeable instead of being disabling.
I've been taking generic Strattera for 4 years and it's helped me a lot. Paired with the coping mechanisms that I inevitably learned, I do great except for right now currently I am 6 months pregnant and can't take my meds until after baby. My brain feels like a bee hive and the bees are just really mad all the time
on point. your experience with vyvanse was the same as mine. its anxiety. but i stayed on it and pushed through, and it went away. i do take some time off the vyvanse every once to avoid becoming too tolerant of it, and when i go back on the first day or two is off, but i quickly get back to good
I had a similar experience with some meds—they gave me anxiety attacks or tachycardia. My psychiatrist gave me Strattera, which works for me without the side effects. I’m still working on the Structure and motivation part, but at least the meds part of the puzzle was solved.
I came back to rewatch this video, because it's super funny, and realised that I don't remember anything from around 2-6 minute mark, from the first time I watched it.  I've been recently diagnosed 😂🎉
I laughed so much watching this!!! Made my night!
.
This video reminded me to do my laundry, which made me forget about my food.
After being on back order for too long I finally got my first fill of adhd medication.  Update: didn’t like it, next drug.
Vyvance make me happy and happy make me do work
I have ADHD and it’s like 15 different voices are talking in my head and 20 clips of my hyper fixations are playing at full blast, and with the meds it’s just like  q u i e t 😌
Adderall may be chemically similar to meth but they are not the same as far as the effects.
I procrastinated watching this video for a year
Fellow add here. Ritalin made my want to kill myself
I have ADHD and it's fun. What explains that is i don't have a girlfriend.
It's interesting when people compare these medications to meth (it just goes to show the lack of big picture understanding)  Like where do I start, of course they are comparable to meth because the mechanisms of their action are dopaminergic. Wouldn't get sucked into brand names for medications, they are almost all the same stuff, the biggest distinction would be merely stimulant vs non-stimulant / dopaminergic/adrenergic vs other mechanism.  If you want to have some fun, look at the active ingredients of these ADHD medications. Adderall is a ratio of dextroamphetamine & levoamphetamine enantiomers (fun chemistry term) and act on the body in very similar ways - its more just getting a patent and marketing it than anything overly therapeutically useful.  Vyvanse (this allegedly more mellow med in the vid) is merely a much higher dose of Dextroamphetamine but bound with a lysine amino acid so It has to be processed by the liver before it becomes chemically active in the brain. Ritalin (Methylphenidate) is purely a dopamine reuptake inhibitor similar in mechanism of action to cocaine without some anesthetic effects and Concerta is the same thing - just extended release Ritalin/methylphenidate. Don't be averse to ADHD meds because they are similar to illicit drugs, drugs are just chemicals, neither good or bad.   Methamphetamine itself pretty much acts in the same way as most dextroamphetamine active ingredient medications but more or less acts as a much more potent form. Think of it like comparing morphine to fentanyl. They are neither good nor bad because they are just chemicals but one is much more easier to overdo it on because the potency is so much more higher. They more or less bind to the same receptors but one agonizes (activates) better than the other.  Some people like this potency over others and the slight differences in receptor activation might provide advantages over other medications. Don't call Adderall or Dexies meth when its not, call the medication Desoxyn meth, because it literally is Methamphetamine as a Hydrochloride salt. Neither good or bad, just a chemical with some properties.
Someone who can sit down draw this all out and make a video like this does not have true adhd. Neither do so many children that are being drugged with LITERAL METH.
Yo but where's the dancing cow vid
Currently supposed to do  work rn. But I found this video 😭💙. I have to watch it
My little brother has adhd and he takes "riddlin" or something like that?
I quit my ADHD meds cold turkey 🫠 help
I dont get le ADHD med stuffz I just ✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨🍞✨
TO ALL ADHD PEOPLE - IF YOU FEEL BAD ON YOUR MEDS YOU CAN STOP TAKING THEM ON THE SPOT! Those are not antidepresants (those basen on methylphenidate and amphetamine salts). Nothing bag is going to happen to you, your ADHD will just strike back. Those meds work the same way ibuprofen (painkillers) work, you take a dose, it works for a few hours and stops. Of course if you are taking antidepresants (SSRI, SNRI) meds for ADHD DON'T STOP TAKING THEM BEFORE SPEAKING TO THE DOCTOR. But in case of MPH and AMP if you are not feeling well and cannot reach your doctor - just stop taking them 💖
I've been on Concerta (initially 18 mg, now 36 mg, and on certain *extra neurospicy days* 54 mg) for around 2 years now and in my experience I feel like it's a combination of Adderall and Vyvanse in the sense that it gives me the ability to do things but also the *focus* to do them. Of course, it's not a perfect medication, it doesn't make you automatically neurotypical (not that you should want that), I still have trouble prioritizing tasks and my brain still cannot comprehend structure. One thing about Concerta that I see as an advantage over Adderall and Vyvanese is the fact that you can (and you should!) stop taking it with 0 side effects afterwards as it's very unlikely to cause addiction. Your brain just goes back to how it was before.  And it's actually recommended to take a 2 day break a week to ensure that your dopamine receptors won't get used to that dosage and make it ineffective (consequently needing to increase the dosage).   Having said all that, even with medication, we have to accept that we're neurodivergent people and our brain will always function differently  than a neurotypical's (which isn't a bad thing!!). So there's just gonna be those days when you do everything right and take your medication and still not be able to function. It's very important to know yourself and your ADHD traits in order to understand how to regulate and accommodate yourself,  as well as being able to express those needs to get accommodations for those around you. For me, this is still a work in progress, as it is for a lot of fellow ADHDers, this is just a little bit of wisdom from my 3 years experience with ADHD research, diagnosis, and medication. If anyone wants more information on Concerta and/or my experience on it, I'm very happy to answer any questions I can!🤗
What's thay song in the intro?
Honestly the medication that finally worked for me was concerta. Vyvanse  made me not eat and anxious, Ritalin barely worked, but concerta helped me focus but let me still be me
For me these meds literally saved me. I guess it differs between people
ritalin supresses your appetite it means i dont feel like eating the food i made at food tech
i took vivance and my god i was always an insomniac with little sleep vivance made it none sure i could focus better but i had even less sleep than before and like almost died
ADHD plus autism plus bipolar disorder here. Life is an adventure ; I
Not adhd but during this video i forgot i was watching and was just thinking about samurai champloo (pretty good anime tho)
As someone with adhd, I can say that it is 3922947394639264959572294729372936383630573083x worse than stereotypes show
vivance made me really angry and violent
Ritalin is the best for focus. Vyvanse is closer to Adderall. I have a bigger issue with actually doing things, Ritalin didn't help at all with that but I was able to focus so well.
JUSTICE FO COMPY
for me the meds changed who i was completely. i was sad and didn't ever feel hungry so I didn't eat. i lost a lot of weight, and when the effects wore off I would eat so much food and be a total monster. i was angry and throwing tantrums (I was like 8) once I started to calm down and be in a better mood the school week came back around and would have to take them again. then finally my mother took me off. I cant do the medications but drinking things with ashwaganda in it helps me.
My main problem is a sort of “brain fog” if that makes sense. I’m currently about to finish a degree in electrical engineering and ADHD has been a real struggle the WHOLE TIME. Vyvanse was incredible for me and the only problem i ever experience is when i stop taking it. It also drastically increases my motivation and makes me actually WANT to learn. Which i think is pretty neat… (also it makes me good at video games but shhhhh that’s not what im supposed to use it for)
VYVANSE GANG!!!!
I've been raw dogging ADHD for my whole life. I've gotten pretty good at self discipline and self control so if something needs to be done, I do it because I know once everything is done I can slack off and do nothing the rest of the day. Some days I get behind but usually on the weekend I will spend a couple hours cleaning and what not to get ready for the next week. I just remind myself no one is perfect and that there is no reason i don't deserve to live a good life like any other normal person.
I was diagnosed with adhd when I was 3 and I remember taking Adderall when I was in first grade and I think I was taken off of it in 4th grade the adderall I took really kept me focused and I did great in school both my behavior and my grades were amazing but it kind of changed my personality and it made me underweight, it made me think that I was full when I barely ate anything it got to the point where I would be refusing junk food cause I was so convinced I was full, when I had either forgotten to take my medication or ran out of pills I was super hypersensitive I would not pay attention in class and I would make disturbances in class and then the next day when I took my meds I felt terrible I couldn’t understand why I would act so wild, eventually my parents realized that my behavior when they had to get more pills was very different so they decided to take me off the Adderall , however they did not have me take a different kind of medication or adhd therapy so when they took me off i struggled a lot I became overwhelmed with stress and anxiety barely passing my grades especially math, which used to be my favorite there were so many distractions in school and eventually the stress and anxiety got to me causing me to get into the habit of scratching my self to the point of bleeding or hurting myself in some way, I am now in 11th grade and I’m doing a lot better than before I’m homeschooled now and that makes it feel better I still scratch myself sometimes but not nearly as much as before and soon I’m going to be getting therapy.
With Vyvanse I had to learn two things so far: 1) It makes me more focused and provides constant energy, but I still have to focus on habits and mechanisms to guide that focus. 2) Keeping an eye on proper food and its timing, as well as drinking a metric f*ckton is vital in keeping my body up to speed (pun intended) and the side effects at bay.  So it might be worth another go, with closer supervision and in conjunction with coaching. :)
i had this same exact experience with my meds. i was diagnosed in the 5th grade and i’ve been on 5 different prescriptions and all of them had crazy side effects that did more harm than good. i’m on vyvanse now, and the side effects still suck but not to the extent of the others. now, i just take it once in a while when i feel like things are getting way out of control. it’s so upsetting to know that you’ll never have a normal functioning brain without some sort of trade off :(
You don't even know how many times I had to rewind while watching this 7 minute video
couldnt finish this video not enough dopamine sorry bro bro
"Ur buæt"
I was diagnosed with adhd at an incredibly young age (4 years old) and I stayed on meds up until I was 19. I had really bad adverse reactions to a lot of ADHD meds (Ritalin, intuniv, adderall, vivance, and many others) and basically stuck with concerta my entire young and teenage life. It was the only meds that didn’t make me cranky however, I wouldn’t have an appetite at all. That was really the only bad thing about it.
I should be doing important stuff but I'm watching this, even though I have no idea what's being said.
SIIROSNHEPDBCOOEHSIDBHSOSVDDIJSVSI THAT DID NOT FEEL GOOD AT ALL *pukes*
*eats all the meds in the world*
I wonder what happens if I eat all the meds at once?
I came off meds suddenly once Worst mistake ever Had the worst withdrawals of my life
Andy
The Vyvanse section is what I'm experiencing right now with Concerta... My appointment isn't soon enough but I suppose now I have to at least contact the doctor's office
https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA?si=Bt4WguCAVEf9htLy
I couldn’t relate cause I don’t take meds! Life is fun…😃
Nordvpn had a lot of Problems keeping their Users Data secure.. so.. good on you working for them...  Fuck your viewers, right? As long as it's money in your bank.
What’s that dancing cow. I wonna see it
adhd is both over and under diagnosed. i would argue that severity of diagnosis is over estimated. if someone has mild anxiety - you start with therapy and life changes. you (shouldnt) throw meds and xanax at them. same for ADHD. poor focus is not ADHD. not being able to pay attention is not ADHD. Adhd is SO much more than that. lifelong, since childhood, struggles. and dysfunction. getting a 98% when you studied hard but wanted 100% is not ADHD. if you’re getting A’s all through college and are in a masters program, you probably don’t have ADHD. it doesn’t start out of no where. it causes dysfunction (like failing classes), in multiple areas of life. all medications have risks. idiosyncrasies shouldn’t be treated.
3:04 the only time I've actually willingly not skipped through a sponsored segment (you adhd mind trapper) I've basically found it just gives that little push I'm lacking. Even if I'm not feeling it, I still get up and do what I need to do. I have the energy and capacity that I did not previously have. Some days I go fine without it, others I can tell I could use a boost. But what I've found is that for me, it kind of is a "magic pill". I tried so many different things- SSRIs, SNRIs, anti psychotics, depressants and nothing did the right thing. Now, it gives me the energy, focus and motivation I didn't realise I was lacking. I call it a magic fix for myself is because while it doesn't fix everything, it does just enough to give me an extra push to be able to do my own thing. I'm not some crazy level of manic or some crazy level of numb, just back  to myself with finally with the energy I needed  At the end of the day, I always say it's about balance. One day, one moment at a time. You can't control everything but you can control how you think, respond and react. And that's pretty powerful
2:34 and here I thought this was normal for everyone welp this is how I learn I might have adhd
4:44 Its not even close. Methamphetamine is prescribed Desoxyn (which was listed at the beginning of the vid.  God i hate that so much.  By the way you listed Desoxyn in the beginning. Google it.  P.s. Methamphetamine in a part of some Vicks products and can be purchased over the counter.  Isomers ... ya know what .. im bored lol
My adhd is so bad idk what this video is about
POLSKAAAA
bro I'm a table.
Cognitive behavioral therapy is known to have the same amount of efficacy as ADHD medication. You can learn habits and strategies to improve your skills in focus and time management.
Wait so my problem with names and faces could be partially due to having ADHD?
meanwhile me using phone while watching this video
You know what helps me focus? Enormous pressure. I start doing things so fast. It is tiring, I hate it
Adderall is not Methamphetamine. It's just a mix of amphetamine salts. They aren't the same
I’m currently Vyvance focusing on this video
what’s the cow song
What’s the cow original vid? For research purposes..
After years of taking AD(H)D meds leading to nothing. I finally stopped identifying with the drawbacks of ADD and believing it would always be difficult to focus, and started believing I could transform myself into somebody with all the positives of ADD and the ability of focus at the same time. Over time I learned, improved, repeated and my life completely changed. Now I’m able to direct my focus. Worked better than any med I’d ever take.  Now I live by this conclusion: Whether you believe ADD controls you or that you control it… you’re right.
Vyvanse is the best, I can focus and think! I feel empty headed when I don't take them but there's no adverse effect.
My problem is I had a bad experience with multiple meds, and now my psychiatrist has no alternatives for me.
Huh, I’ve been on vyvanse for 2 years and early on I also got that out of breath feeling but I instead I took it as a sign I was out of shape, started working out and building stamina and I’m fine now… not saying this will work for anyone else I just wonder if vyvanse makes stamina worse or something, focusing on the CORRECT task though is something I think I will struggle with eternally
My biggest realisation when I started taking Concerta was that my awful procrastination isn't something that can be fixed with a magic pill. It's a result of ADHD, yes, but it's also a defense mechanism my brain deploys when it thinks a task is going to be too overwhelming with no reward - which before meds was most things that required prolonged focus over a long amount of time lmao. So now that I'm on meds I need to work on showing my brain that I can, in fact, do tasks like that now without it feeling like I want to bash my head against a wall (I also suspect I have autism which probably plays a role lol). Meds give you the jump start, but years of living with ADHD really messes with your brain in ways that aren't necessarily fixed easily :(
That Cypis XDDDDDDDDDDDD Those who know, know <3
As helpful as this video is, it's also VERY hard for me to watch, because you're describing EXACTLY what my life with ADHD has been like for as long as I can remember, ESPECIALLY realizing when the day is over and I haven't done any work (that's basically a trigger for me at this point).
OW CRAP, i just supped.   In physics, spacetime is any mathematical model that fuses the three dimensions of space and the one dimension of time into a single four-dimensional continuum. Spacetime diagrams are useful in visualizing and understanding relativistic effects such as how different observers perceive where and when events occur. Until the turn of the 20th century ... wait, thats from wikipedia.
Thank you for sharing your experience. While statistically most ADHD people get a lot of help from stimulant meds, there are of course some who don't or find side effects intolerable.  That said...  Taking Adderall is not the same as taking meth. The chemical structures are very similar, but even small structural differences (in this case, a methyl group) can cause large differences in effects.   Also, while I agree that ideally anyone should speak to their doctor before stopping a medication, doctors that prescribe stimulants for ADHD will often tell you that their half life is short and that you can, in fact, just stop taking it if side effects are intolerable. No tapering/weaning necessary.  There are also non-stimulant medications available to help ADHD, for those that are unaware.   In any case, I wish the video creator well in their journey to manage ADHD.
Damn is it my adhd meds that cause my autistic traits🤔 No couldn’t be I’ve been like this my whole life
Too late😅 I call IT focus pills, but Its hard to remember take them😂 I JUST forgot 😅
Medication doesnt fix a problem, it gives you the clarity you need to know what youre going through, and to start building skill and strategies to fix the root of the problem and better yourself.  Unfortunatley alot of people seem to think that just stuffing down pills forever will fix the problem.
In my country Brazil the medicantion its free OMEGALUL, make the L
Vyvanse gave me the craziest auditive irritability. I used it for one week. It lasted for years. It never went away completely. I still have problems with some sounds. Just a little note in case...
my medication is, as you put it, Con-SHIRT-ah, and it totally ruined my appetite for the first little while of taking it.
Why is the volume so low?
I don't really like Vyvanse my mom ended up putting me on violence for like one day drop me off from school. And she literally had to be cold in her words about 10-15 minutes later because I was biting people
ADHD meds won't help you in the long run if you dont change your habits.. excersise and eating healthy will... Most people who say meds worked for a shot while then they didnt clearly expected the meds to fix everything. Thats just a moronic mindset to do about. Meds are a tool.
I forgot to finish watching this
The meds won’t solve the decision making and planning, they just enable you to actually do the decision making and planning.  If you don’t have an organisation system, the meds won’t help that much. As you say, you’ll spend all day doing things you’re not supposed to, but with focus.  But what they enable is, there are a lot of organisational tools (like scheduling things in the calendar) that just plain don’t work with unmediated adhd (at least with mine)… but do work with meds.  So tldr you need both meds and org skills.
without Medicine here
Vyvanse gave me the exact same feeling I couldn’t get a full breath I had a lot of anxiety but I switched to good old Concerta
i was diagnosed with adhd as a child by like 7 or 8, though i wasnt the one talking to my doctor, my mother was. the problem here was that i DIDNT have adhd, my parents were very neglectful and did not engage with me as a toddler. this can cause the child apparently to develop some of the symptoms that  are exhibited by those who actually have adhd. see i always could focus, and get things done. i just didnt have enthusiasm to things i hated. my first clue was that all the meds i was put on didnt work, first ritalin, then concerta, and finally adderall. now adderall was the longest running because it looked like it was working, however i was just stoned, like a college kid cramming last minute for a test. once i was in high school and on a raised dosage of 80 mgs (thats high af) i was noticing that i was getting high, like i was on two energy drinks. i had not been taking every day obviously because at my core i knew it wasnt working right, but the lower dosages had "mellowed me out" in way so my parents thought it was working. but really i was just stoned. i only had taken it for maybe the equivalent of a year and a alf since i was 8 by the time i was 17-18. i still got good enough grades because learning most things was always interesting to me, especially sciences and social studies. the thing is because i was starting puberty, my deeply seeded psychological issues from my traumatizing early childhood had surfaced and made me a weird crazy little bastard, who chose to behave normally in public (for the most part) thank god lol i was an extremely intelligent kid and had always been told this by doctors. ex: my parents never taught me how to read and write, i had to learn in kindergarten, but i picked it up so quickly i was reading college level by the third grade. (writing just didnt interest me much but i was pretty good at it) also i had basically theorized and partially sketched out a hydrogen powered engine in my head at the age of 9. (fanciful claim, i know, but its true. it wasnt fully fleshed out but the basic physics, chemistry and engineering concepts were there, had i contacted someone at MIT they could have worked off my ideas and tweeked my concept into reality. i mean its a fully viable technology nowadays, but it resembles my original ideas. i was 9 i wasnt building the fucking thing what im saying is i was smart enough and had learned just enough about chemistry physics to conceptualize how it could efficiently work, i should have gone to college. but now im mainly focusing on biology and ecological sciences, because thats where my passion lies, in the natural world and being able to have our cake and eat it too so to speak (see this is one of the 2 symptoms of add/adhd i exhibit, tangents along with slight audio processing issues like it takes me a second to process what someone has said to me if they tell me something while tons of noise is going on around me, long enough for me to say huh or what? but then i immediatley know what they said so i will respond, "huh?... oh yeah (appropriate to what they said)", not really enough to say i have adhd but it was the late 90s when i was "diagnosed" my mom basically spoke for me/ over me and made some shit up to get me medicated)) my parents had a lot of terrible issues that horribly affected their judgement and parenting choices/ skills. i dont entirely blame them, but it is their fault. i realized i was getting high off my adderall when i took it after not taking it for like a month and i abused it a little bit to get good at the guitar. then i had a horrible heart palpatation that could have been a minor heart attack from stress. and i never took it again. i constantly have ideas popping into my head but they never have really distracted me from doing anything or focusing on anything aside from meditation. i just am able to do things and focus on things while constantly doing other things in the background. i have talked to doctors after high school and they have confirmed i dont have adhd and never had it, i just had a VERY fucked up childhood. if you have kids, teach them the fundamental things, and dont treat them like theyre babies when they reach near the age of 10. make sure theyll be able to function as a mature adult. and dont ignore them, especially when theyre toddlers, just explain things to them in a way that theyll comprehend at their age, if u dont know something dont make shit up, just say you dont know and then try to learn about whatever it is together. but do ignore my terrible grammar and run on sentences.
I was on ritalin but there has been a shortage in my country for a few months now, it actually helped a lot
Nord VPN doesn't stop the tracking, it gives you the ability to access data from other countries. Give it about ten more years and you'll learn that VPN actually sells the data to companies that sponsor them covertly.
I've lost track of where you were going like 12 times while supposedly watching the video and I'm at like 5 minutes now and I'm writing a comment on how I'm not paying attention but at the same time I am
This literally said my experience better than i ever could. I havent tried Vyvanse, but it struggle with my Adderall cause i can DO stuff, but i feel like i have a hard time thinking creatively. Ive struggled to find the balance cause my work is in the creative field and i feel like myself, unmedicated can think outside the box really easy, but i have my general adhd symptoms and its hard for me to get work done. But on the flip side, im like a machine that just inputs and outputs and can actually do my tasks but my creativity feels "dull"
I’ve been on Adderall my entire life (circa 9 years old) and I too noticed that productivity while stuff that’s more active improved but I’d still sometimes space out or forget details. For this I simply started taking meth, and it’s worked wonders.
So i have the ADD (more hyperactive inside head instead body) and  the meds helped me good through school. i quit them before army. BUT after that i had ups and downs like HELL. I got back at meds in Ambulance service but in 12h shifts with an 8h stimulant med.... u can imagine.  i suffered depressions it got realy bad and i got myselfe back up and got back down to bottom and Psychatrie again.  if gone threw it all. When i can say one thing.  After all these time i learned one thing. Quit meds and go YOUR way threw life and stop try to fit in is THE WAY TO GO. When u need meds and cant do it wihtout them. F Take them who cares.  but when u still feel not good or have the feeling somethings still not good. Quit it and do YOUR f thing.
Very good video👏🏼💛
i hate people who pretend to have it, like don't say it unless you have papers like me.
me personally, i just started medication and i’m working on a show and usually i make or shade one character.. but the first day i took it i began at like 9 AM and i was shading ALL the characters and then i look at the time and it’s 12 AND IT HAS FELT LIKE 10 MINUTES AND I’VE GOTTEN A LOT OF WORK DONE???
please shut the fuck up about adderall “basically being meth” it’s not and never will be
The meds always have bad side effects. Like getting man breasts.
Its a good video. Not too dissimilar to me....except add about 10 to 15 years of experience going through it.  The point he makes about focus is very important. Meds will help in various ways with that, but not its never assured. No drug exists that will give you consistent focus all the time every time. No. You might get something that works for 5 months, then nothing. Or you get a day. Or an hour. Or 5 mins. Its unpredictable. Focus is not something we can save.  But. Restlessness is another story. When you deal with adhd your entire life and the frustration of always feeling like you need to be doing something else causes enough eternal strife...that's actually where the meds are a huge help.  Having that constant restlessness feeling getting killed is worth the price for me, because meds are excellent at it.  Its still very hard to convince myself to do things that are labelled as "energy intensive". Thats a con. That means doing a mentally challenging thing is going to take tricking myself to start it. I have developed lots of systems to help with that, but all these years later, thats always going to be a problem.  Off the meds heres the perk: i feel smarter. I sleep better. Its easier to convince myself to exercise. Restlessness is out of control, and why i stay medicated.  To be successful with meds you need a few mindsets: it needs to slay restlessness, because thats what its good at. Your dose should be low enough that you barely know its working or not. The cons of it shouldnt outweigh the pros. Eg: ritalin based meds made life easier, but also made my short term memory frustrating (wheres my pencil? Oh. My hand). It shouldn't do things like that. You shouldnt know things are better when youre on meds until youve been off them for awhile and notice that overall, things are worse.  If youre young and taking the meds, any super focus or perks youre getting from it, it will not last. No change in meds or dose will change that. Use that time to really leverage what you get from them. Develop systems to help you convince yourself to do things. Learn who you are and who you arent. Dont lie to yourself and what you're capable of. You can be 150 IQ but it wont matter if youre looking to do something that works against your individual weakness. Find what makes you naturally motivated every single day.
This is too relatable 😅
I hate AdhD, fuck my life i could be a genius
a lesson for anyone struggling with adhd meds, i take something like Adderall but dosed for children cause I'm pretty small, I don't feel any different but I keep taking it anyway cause maybe it will work someday, one day i had an exam that I had to cram for but i was stuck listening to music for some reason, so i did the unthinkable and doubled my own dose! i thought "well, I'm gonna fail if I don't try so what more could go wrong"  and omg do not do this guys!  like i passed the freaking exam but at what cost! i was not holding the wheel at any point that day! a semi-truck could've turned me into an abstract painting on the asphalt and i would've just stood there staring at it! everyone could tell i was high out of my mind that day! the lights were on but nobody was home! insane experience 0/10 do not recommend.
I've been diagnosed and on meds since I wat 7, so 30 years now.   My main recommendation would be, get the dose right. I spent too long under medicated due to stigma around the medication. My life became a lot better once I was on the correct dose. I also spent some time over medicated. That also sucked and sounds like the out of breath experience you described.   Dosage is everything. If I am doing conceptual work I will take a lower dose, and conversely, if I am doing a series of manual jobs or something more mindless I will take a higher one. Also, make sure to take time off the meds. A day a week if you can manage that.    It sounds like we have similar reactions to Vyvance Vs Adaral. I can't do Vyv. It does not last long enough for me and I feel out of breath. Aderal is better but not perfect.   There are also some newer medications out there that could help as off label treatments.   Don't get too put off by a bad first experience. Medication really can change your life pretty massively when you fined the right drug and dose.   Best of luck. And great vid btw.
I turned the video back on after a pause and all I heard when I started it Bach up was “KNOWLEDGE”
The fact that I got distracted with this video while I’m supposed to be working on a commission because I was watching ANOTHER video in the background which I was previously distracted by which featured a music video I didn’t know existed for my favorite character so I got on my phone to look for it and clicked on this instead
ADHD is like being very very attentive but forgetful
Polish cow is... Beatiful
"instead of conuming multiple forms of media at once"  ....fuck.... ive been reading a book while watching this
you funny
Why is NordVPN advertised as just a VPN if, as claimed in the sponsored segment, it also functions as an antivirus? And is it better than Windows Defender? Can I stop paying for Malwarebytes if I just get NordVPN?
My life has adhd
Like a lot of other things in modern life we try to invent really bad stuff to fix a problem when the solution is just social. But we are so individualistic we'll try anything but that.  In all but the most pathological cases close personal relations with people that care about you like parents, spouses, and other social ties that will give you external guidance and reminders of what you internally forget or get distracted from is ten times more effective.  But we want to be super independent and dont have anyone helping us or god forbid telling us what to do that we'll take meth.
You might want to consider weed edibles or smoking it, it really helped for me but I'm alot different than you
Hmm. What about trying with a friend the good ol random word game. You start with a word and he answers with another random word
5:10 relatable
Medications are never perfect, but there's always the right one that improves your life, especially if you have adhd as I do: it cripples my joy of life to the point of becoming a d3pr3ss36, l1f3less couch potato. You're lucky that where you live you have plenty of choices, where I live, as an adult, I had to fight to get r1t4l1n, and that's it, there's nothing else we can have if that doesn't work. My life is not perfect with it, but I was able to achieve in 6 months more that what I could in the past 10 years of chronic m3nt4l illness
I have pretty much the same over all symptoms and Ritalina works pretty good to me. I take a really low dose.  But I am a victim of my surroundings. When I am in college I can focus and study. The med decongests my brain. But when I am at home and have s really important tiresome task..... Things get complicated
I was diagnosed last year. And Yes
You know what’s hilarious, my neighbor told me his name when he moved in but since he’s hardly there most of the time, I forgot his name quickly.
Justice for compy
*infinite knowledge*
this was so spot on
i’m having this exact experience with vyvanse
So I started with the same perscriction but we did 10 grams and I didn’t feel anything then we kept bumping it up till we got 75 grams… yeah I’m not to proud when we found out that I was somehow intolerant to aderal
ADHD medication tier list
haha dancing cow
Died when the drug saw dopamine dead on the floor lmao
1:25 thats so true.
Odleciec saaam w krainę zapomnieniaaa
Cow song: https://youtu.be/Vy8moBcKVIM?si=OT1jmM6ZOY7OWCeN
Yeah American Healthcare is scaming you bro. I am in the last year of med school in Brazil (and I have ADHD too btw), and the fact that, in America, the PACIENT chooses the medication he WANTS because of his OWN research, instead of the DOCTOR showing the pacient what he NEEDS, based on META-ANALISIS, is absurd really. You shouldn't be jumping from med to med, and shouldn't choose one based on price either... man...  "Concerta" is the first line of treatment if you are not addicted to other drugs, you MUST start slow, very low dosages, and start THERAPY WITH THE MEDICATION! Only meds will get you only so far, you need someone helping you how to cope with the illness! I hope you can finally defeat this obnoxious neurodivergency that is ADHD. Good luck friend. God bless you
I went to the comments section hoping someone would post some working method or more effective medication but instead started reading everyones comments.
I think every ADHD person hates maths
Idk why but adhd videos always make me laugh like crazy bcauae of how relatable and funny it is , ironically
aww
As a Polish person I was so surprised by the beginning lmaooooo
I love you
i still have adhd and autism
what is the name of the song the cow is danceing to?
I might have ADHD because my mom tells me to do something I do one part then I forget what to do and just play
who else gets an adhd trigger stressor? mine is when the broom keep falling !! mostly because i place it so quick i dont pay attention ho wit would fall
who else skipped over the ad? and then last part? i did. i had to rewind that last part a couple times. SMH
i take my meds as needed. extended and immediate release
You illustrated what math looks like in my brain sooooo well 😂😅
Best and yeshua
Herb
ADHD is a chronic health condition it needs to be maintained more than just medication.
Vyvanse is dat good shi
Me zoning out and forgetting this whole video and speeding it up in some parts bc it was slow, what am I saying
Um wow
I have tried so many different meds and like none of them really work for me... I am so jealous of the people who have found something that gives them a decent amount of relief from the symptoms. They all give me palpitations and kill my appetite or the anti-depressant ones like Wellbutrin give me terrible headaches. Plus Adderall and Concerta and all that gave me similar problems of making me too focused on the wrong things. They did bring my gpa up a lot but like, not worth the side effects. Its so annoying to have to try like 50 million different meds and dosages. I hope the science on genetics and medication reactions yields cool results soon so you just have to get a genetics test and drs know what will work for you.
Informative and hilarious=genius. I've unsuscribed 🙃
i think i got diagnosed at school back when i was 12, but im not sure anymore.  it could be a memory, or something i imagine.  i really cant tell sometimes
I have adhd and as I was getting up from the couch I’m sitting on to go do something, by the time I reach the place I was going I forgot what it was
ADHD is going to the store to get a specific item and buying other things except for the item you came for. This is why I always have a list with me
I got distracted while watching the video and now I have to rewind the whole thing
the only thing I got from this video is that the cow dancing song is fire
so because it didnt work for you you gotta create a stigma by calling it meth ?? cool you seem nice ...
2+2 obviously = 22 like what else could it be when you take a 2 add a 2nd 2
Vyvanse compared to meth? It's dextro attached to aminoacid to prolonge release. Guys don't get your knowledge about meds from yt. Talk to professionals.
I've also experienced the negative symptoms you are talking about after taking Yvanse. However(Im an no medicial professional and anyone having any adverse effects when taking any medications should discuss them with their doctor), I think it might have to do with your neck muscles tensing up from the medicine and from the fact that you can get really focused and sit in one position for hours on end. I actually have had some pretty bad neck problems from working/gaming too much with computers and much of it would be headaches and tension in and around the neck, including chest which would also sometimes lead to the sensation of short breath(Ive done all kinds of test for possible heart conditions). It was something I for the most part fixed, through beind more mindful of how I sit and many many maaaaany exercises and stretches. However, once I started taking Yvanse the problems pretty quickly came back and Ive been able to make them better with the same exercises and stretches Ive used before. Ive talked to other people taking yvanse and tension around neck seems like a pretty normal side-effect.
I was diagnosed with add when I was 5. I take Vyvanse now, but ITS SO FUCKING HARD TO FIND
This video has inspired me to talk to my doctor about adhd meds
astarys is a drug now.  so thats a thing it helps i think i dunno how or why or what or if or when  but i do know the 5 sentence structures of questions and i figured out that i cant count to 5 without counting by 4 first
Seems like regardless of what you try focus is something that has to be learned one way or the other.
Hmm…that’s actually a very accurate depiction that f my own brain; several voices simultaneously talking over one another.
I feel like these terms are thrown around too much in this new age of constant screen time, now we’re seeing the effects of growing up w unlimited screen time and iPad kids are wanting attention and pitty so they feel special, but idk
I went back to square one too with ADHD meds
Vyvanse didn’t workout for me at all. I was so emotional. I would spiral. Adderall im normal everyone’s diff
me putting this in 2x speed cus if not colors and only shapes my brain gets fried
Lol i have the hyperfocus adhd and live like you did on 2nd med😅 in my 20s actually i learned so many skills...and my friends used to say that im very intense on things i like and thats cool. It was and it is cool actually, im quite an erudite and can keep the conversation about most thibgs. From the other hand ...🙈
U know I can't pay attention to this whole nord add
u make adds fun hahah awsome
I tried meds for awhile but eventually stopped because I had to try so many and didn’t like any of them. I think for me a big part of this was being diagnosed later on like high school so I was already used to life how it was
After 6 attempts i finally finished watching this
I really wanna get adhd meds since I rely on caffeine to focus on school/tasks. Like I am aware that self discipline and effort will help me focus but I feel like the right meds will help be ""normal" and actually healthier since too caffeine is bad lmao
Everyone: "Adderall is meth"  Methyl Group: "Am I a joke to you?"   Btw, there is prescription meth, it's called Desoxyn. Note that Desoxyn isnt spelled the same dame as Adderall.
math :(
I watched until 3:23 laughing, then sat and realized my meds are kicking in and I should continue job hunting. Will tune back in later.
This video is stimulating Enough that I stayed all through 😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉
I have EXACTLY the same experience with Ritalin - I have the ability to *do* the thing, I can focus, but it’s a gamble - I’m a woman and my dopamine levels and other things like hormones etc. fluctuate during the whole cycle, simple biology. But meds work differently through the cycle bc of that, even when I’m careful about my diet, training etc. and… I just can’t afford it. I have to be able to do different things at the same day without the fear that something will consume me/I’ll be anxious/have a headache/will focus on the wrong thing. And it makes me mad bc I’m barely living without meds. And in my country Ritalin is the only stimulant available on the market. :(
N what could have happened with stopping meds?
I am extremly good in focusing with ADHD (have autism as well) - unfortunatly it only works with stuff I'm interested in. That's a hell of a lot stuff including rather weird things. I would get obsessed with another thing from time to time and get to expert levels within short time. After bringing a jew's harp from Siberia I got obsessed with this instrument and would have almost 60 instruments custom made by turko-mongol shamans from Siberia and Central Asia, ukrainean engineers and indian brass tool makers for instance whom I had to track down, would find a community in Berlin, connect internationally and only two years later I represented my country at the board of the international jew's harp association and had life performance in Berlin radio stations. That's just one example of my many hyperobsessions - while I'm struggeling to pick a broom and sweep the floor/vacuum my carpet for more than a week at this point, an occupation which would take 15 minutes or so. It's really difficult to tell whether I'd rather be neurotypical or neurodiverse because I wouldn't want to give up my extremly quick learning when it comes to stuff I'm interested in while I'm also extremly annoyed to struggle with easiest things such as chores or sometimes even getting out of the bed. And it makes me feel anguish to get constantly told how "intellectual superior" I supposedly am because I have an over-average IQ and for sure know a lot more stuff than the average person but that's not a personal achievement but rather a mere side effect of my conditions - but actually these parameters mean a f☠️k all when I experience myself to be incapable of cleaning the floor or sufficiently feeding myself. And then there's the addiction of course: After failing my A-level because I had to quit Ritalin for turning 18 and ADHD only being recognized/Ritalin being approved for minors back then.  I would work low profile jobs which didn't fit my needs in a long shot and would eventually end up shooting heroin/cocaine coctails or smoking the in comparison to shot coke way less strong crack whenever I was too high to still hit a veine and wasted 12 years of my life before I (after 25 clinical cold withdrawals and two failed stationary long term therapies hadn't kept me sober) I finally managed to become clean 6 years ago age 30. I got myself back on track, would learn I was an autist as well, would get prescribed Ritalin again which meanwhile had been approved for adults and started an education in outgoing tourism sales and accounting to finalize my recovery/resocialisation so things turned out well in the end, but without ADHD and a need for Ritalin I probably would have studied and never fallen to addiction - and that's a painful thought for me..
You have to pay even for stuff like an ADHD medication out of your pocket? The contempt for humanity practiced in the US is absolutly baffling. It really shows how desperate the latin migrants' situation has to be in order for them to risk everything just to get to a place like this.
Justice for the Compy
Kinda understand what you're going through. I tried three different meds, each more ineffective than the other. Now I'm back to med 1 again, and on a higher dose (which my body didn't like before but now it seems totally fine) and it gives me SMALL amount of better focus and makes it a LITTLE easier to do boring household stuff, but other than that...well, okay, I do feel slightly more awake, but that's it. I lose some weight too, so that's good. Even increased the dose but got health issues so had to lower it again (and I was so awake at that point that I effectively stopped sleeping completely). So this dose is more balanced but also doesn't give me so many advantages. Other than that, your video pretty much hits all the right spots for me, I recognize all my problems by listening to your problems. So far, not easy to know what would work better.
Like, this is SO relatable. I have ADHD, and, for example, this day I decided to watch YouTube. It then became extremely difficult to focus on something else, like my homework, or progressing on my Animal Crossing: New Horizons save file. The only thing I managed to do was my homework... some of it, at least. See?
I also have adhd anyways.... What was the cow video? I need to know.
The symptoms of adhd seem so common. Seems like everyone I know claims they have adhd. And everyone says I have it, but I’m just me
Stimulant meds never worked on me, they just made me even more hyper and more distracted.
Too bad theres been a vyvanse shortage
My professors annoyingly called my name and told me to focus on what they said. I just thought they were not nice ones. Now I know I was the problem lol.
Adderall is not for you..maybe try Wellbutrin?
dammit
Need the starting cow dance song
Please don’t use God’s name in vain! It’s sin! Jesus is GOD! Please repent!
I need a longer version of that song
Try modafinil.
Fellow sufferer here. I've spent a lot of time both off and on meds. IMO meds are *A* tool but they shouldn't be your *ONLY* tool. I'd highly encourage people to also try practicing mindfulness meditation (helps you recognize when you're off-task and get yourself back on-task) as well as common-sense things like regular exercise and healthy diet. Also, try your best to create a quiet workspace that is free from distractions. Take your pill and get started on your work so that by the time it kicks in, you're not reading about the moons of Jupiter but are instead getting done whatever tasks you need to do that day! Jupiter can wait until the weekend!
i have adhd too
I took my medication, clean all my house and when all is clean, I can focus like a digital camera. Automatically. (Sometimes on the wrong thing, but it's just a matter of waiting for a break to go to the bathroom or to eat and I can "re"-focus on the right thing)
I literally started to watch tv while watching this fml 🤦‍♂️
In my experience adderall also tends to focus you on whatever you’re doing when it kicks in. It helps if you can do it right before or at the start of work or class or some structured thing that can kind of lock you into the right groove for a few minutes. It’s not impossible to switch gears after the fact, but it’s kind of like turning the rudder on a cruise ship. The really frustrating thing is that procrastination is one of my more problematic symptoms, along with focus issues. And focusing on the things I do to procrastinate is 100% an option.
Man I can’t imagine even feeling 5mg.
5MG of anything doesn't work for me. People suggest I medicate, but it's just not working. Sometimes, you need to go full blast.  EDIT: Congratulations on not being medicated, you'll feel more emotional maybe, which is better than being a zombie. Keep fighting!
Me and my family have known ive had ADHD since i was 3 and then last year i couldn't pay attention at all, i procrastinated a lot, i was not retaining the information, and i got distracted, and now i took medication and now i still do all those things, just a lot less
Ritalin has been a life changer for me. Comes up without being intrusive, in low doses it makes me be able to do stuff without my "flight" instinct kicking in or taking over, in high doses it's as if I'm in a cocoon of serenity surrounded by nothing, my mind is an enigma. I can use caffeine to intensify its effect, but to someone who isn't used to this it can make you feel queasy/sick or be too much. The only downside of Ritalin? Can't have sex on it. It's basically speed, just very pure.
I have spent the last year or so trying to dial in the right medication and the right dose.  Adderall XR  was the first and the pros were good but the cons were pretty bad so I tried several others, including vyvanse and after 4 or 5 different options, I'm going back to Adderall XR with a "micro-dose" of regular Adderall in the afternoon when the XR starts to wear off so I can get through the entire day instead of crashing immediately after work and being a vegetable at home.  I've decided the best description for my ADHD is my brain is filled with dozens of bouncy balls, all bouncing around all day, all the time, from the time I wake up until I can ignore them long enough to fall asleep.  Meds don't get rid of the bouncy balls.  They just reduce the number to something more manageable and they slow them down enough that I can, more often than not, control the trajectory of the bounce so they bounce where and when I want them to.  It's not fool-proof, but it's a really helpful tool for dealing with a world that isn't built for neurospicy people like me.
i also have ADHD and i can confirm this is exactly how its like💀💀💀
I had to write a six page English paper on a piece of media for college and I chose this one
After 48 years of going undiagnosed and all its associated fun  Concerta XL changed my life for the better, not perfect but better. But now I’m totally hyper fixated on the dancing cow 🐄 👍🏻😁
Tfw you, a random guy from Poland, randomly stumble upon this video and it starts with the Polish meme song and then follows in typical American English with American experience.  I am not able to listen to you fully, the 5 grams of koks are what I'm humming about rn.
i feel bad for a computer guy 😔
But what is the cow song?!
As someone vivance I only get the tired parts when I don't take it for the first few days I dont. I also don't get super focused on only one thing... except I also am very interested in space flight
My nan took my meds Lmao
As someone with *Possible* adhd, i relate with all of this, but as i dont fiddle in school as often, i CANT even get looked at because of it, so for now, im undiagnosed. Even tho i have like 90% of the symptoms
This is why you have to start meds in conjunction with counseling to develop management skills
Dopamine bein dead on the floor is so relateable
2+2=fish
i also really dislike ADHD meds, they turned me into an emotionless husk
For me, vyvanse caused me to have Uncontrollable Bursts of Rage which was not a fun experience. Thankfully I was only on it for a week but still… not a good experience. I was also like 11 when this happened so yeah… probably not the best for a developing mind. Currently I’m on focalin and it works decently well with basically no side effects.
Love taking my Adderall so I can focus at work AND THEN FOCUSING ON DOING SHIT OTHER THAN WORK
I used to take Fluoxetine for my ADHD. Low dose, (10 mg) once a day. Very slow burning, and kept me focused throughout the day. Took it for a year and a half, and then weened off. The nice thing is it kinda knocked a few gears back in the right place, so I can focus better now than before taking it, even though I'm not on it currently. Good choice for if you need it long term, and there are little to no side effects.*    *Guys, this is not a professional opinion. Please do not take prescription drugs without prior advice from a medical professional.
This is the one thing that actually separates people with ADHD and people who THINK they have ADHD, the simple ability to take any executive function whatsoever
Ayy
I take prescription concerta Pd: I was shaking myself while the song of this minute was playing 7:17 😊😋
for me personally, ADHD is an artificial disease created to sell you drugs and therapy that's does nothing, but costs a million
I'm not allowed in public alone without my fellow ND buds. There's 4 of us with a single brain cell that chooses one of us to inhabit.   Also, my life went from pure chaos and physically hurting myself because I'm practically a Sim and someone perpetually cancels my action the moment I start.
vivanse would made me focus too much in the wrong stuff lmao I think it would work best if I had therapy along with it.  and yeah, it also increased my heartbeat and I felt too tired, etc, similar to what the author of the video described.  I talked go my doctor and I'm out of ADHD meds rn. Basically the video is right, find a responsible doctor and trust them to know the best approach!
honestly, from my experience, keep trying meds until you figure out what works for you (because eventually you will) and/or you can take this natural supplement (it takes like two weeks for your brain to acclimate to it) that my mom (who has adhd as well) got me on. Its called neuro supplement or something (idk i know its from paleo valley and its made of mushrooms???) It actually works pretty well for me and its like a very mellow version of taking meds. You can take them both but because of the issues you've had in the past i'd recommend just trying the supps by themselves first. Good luck and don't give up!! :)
I swear my brain is like google there are 9 open tabs, only one is useful, and idk where the music Is coming from 💀
How concisely and humorously this encapsulated (🤭💊 Rx. joke 🤦🏻‍♀️) the medication experience…well, it filled me with joy.
Wy do I feel so guilty about asking for amphetamines to try to help with my adhd.
Your adhd vids made me think “huh.       Thats so me.             I dont think thats good” I asked my brother (who has adhd) and he was like “oh yea definitely” My mom wasnt quite sure but did bring it up to my meds person who was like “ok well start you on a smaaaaalll dose okay?” I take it everyday and i have No clue if its working Like i dunno what im supposed to be feeling and all in one week shortly after med acquisition i went through the most stressful series of events and its only just calming down so I have no idea if im good with the adderall lol There was one funny thing where i was downstairs and my mom asked me how the adderall was working but literally right at that moment a saw a squirrel outside and went “SQUIRREL 🫵” and ran to the window to go look at it
To me, what worked was meditation. I know, it sucks.   I got ADHD, the inattentive type. Meds felt weird. Right after the diagnosis itself, what helped me most was short, 5-10 minutes meditations, twice a day, on an app. Every day, not just when I struggle to focus. Anyways, I'm at work right now commenting on a video so maybe don't listen to me
polish cow yay
try a non stilmulant medication it has worked wonders and fillls all the gaps things like aderall and vyvanse dont
I don’t know if this is ADHD, or just pure stupidity. Sometimes my brain and my vocal cords just… Unite? Basically I just say what i think and it’s usually the dumbest thing I can think of. This one time I was thinking of a meme I saw. I then began to sing the song playing in the background.
Vyvanse did nothing for me at all. It was like I took nothing.
Have adhd and being an engineering student, being medicated is a must. Follow your dreams and work hard, your diligence will work off in the end.
guh
This man... this MAN is speaking the truth the REAL TRUTH....
cow
The only thing that separates me from Ice in this situation is that I fully leaned into my space flight curiosity. I’m majoring in astronomy now.
i took ritalin episodically. but the more i took, the more side effects started to show that ended up outweighting the good stuff... so no more
Finally, a video about me
clicked on this while working in blender :3
Poo poo
At the time of this comment, I've been on Adderall for 2 days and I've learned that I need to be focused on the right thing when the meds kick in. Otherwise, I'm going back and forth between TikTok and Twitter for 3 1/2 hours. 😭
i got jumpscared by nord vpn :(
when i tried vyvanse i literally couldnt stop what i was doing to go to the bathroom lmfao
adderall is not meth lol biochemistry is so much more complicated than "does this thing share a major component with this other thing"
I hate having my meds,I like being able to to…unspeakable things
Having adhd and learning how to not thrive on chaos or meds has been the best thing for me. Granted it took 15 years of effort but i managed to not be medicated and i understand at a deep level of how my brain functions. I want this for all of us. I have a child with ADHD and both of us having it can be hell because i see my old habits and having the patience to teach him how to break free has heen difficult.
"dont forget to unsubscribe, ._."
The very beginning is my dad talking to me but I’m trying to play Minecraft
youre like cartoons for undeveloped adults
I use Ritalin and its really good
Oh, wow. I have all the same adhd symptoms you you do, but also the same side effects as the drugs, even though I don't take any.
I swear you make the best sponsorships out of all the youtubers
The task a, b, c, d, and e thing with starting with the least important task I really felt 😂. I’ve never been medicated bc I’m poor and can’t get diagnosed bc bs reasons but I’m positive I have ADHD so I’m going to try my very best to deal with it and find strategies on my own. I honestly think if I use the internet for advice and help it might actually be better than an actual doctor. I want to know what I would be capable of doing if I was on meds though which sucks bc it’s so hard to get diagnosed
Damn that's exactly how adderall works for me, but I work at the post office so it's perfect, until I need to do something in my personal life that isn't the post office. Fuck!
I've been sitting in the library for almost 6 hours and I still haven't completed my assignment 😭😭
What's the name of the song that is played with the cow?
Adderall isn't "effectively taking meth(amphetamine)", it's downright taking a mixture of levo- and dextroamphetamine, in other words "ordinary amphetamine". This is not "effectively meth". Methamphetamine =/= amphetamine, even though Americans tend to primarly think of the former when discussing amphetamines.
0:13(polska górą(in polish))
i am watching 2 videos while talking to someone and making stories in my head i might need meds
2:02 ah yes conserta i have that and flueoxitine idk i have those meds
I hate having ADHD it makes school so hard and my dad doesn't understand he's disappointed because my grades are bad and I just can't focus and it's really annoying
Him: "This is not to convince you to get on meds or anything this is just my experience.."  Me: immediately convinced
WHAT IS THE COW SONG I NEED TO PLAY IT ON REPEAT 😤
stopped at 0:20 and want to know what video with the cow that was. has anyone an idea. I can not finish this vid untill I have seen the other
That Polish song at the beginning sounded quite funny😁
Tylko jedno w głowie mam... Koksu 5 gram...
if adderall is like meth, so is vyvanse pretty much
It’s not real. Practice makes perfect. Environment is important.
Try concerta or however u spell it I used it and it helped me focus alot  sometimes you might even be too focused it's like being zoned in all the time and you usually won't get distracted by meaningless tasks
"what do you imagine it sounds like when we play eight different trumpets at the same time?"   So relatable
It's so crazy how meds work differently for everyone, I took ritalin and vyvanse, the problem is here ritalin is like waaay cheaper then vyvanse, ritalin costs 2 digits and vyvanse costs 3... But to me ritalin is just like the description of adderall in the video, the thoughts were loud and crazy often making me paralyze. Ritalin feels like a cup of expresso, while when I take Vyvanse the noise stops (kinda) and I can organize inside my head and its' better than feeling bad or taking hyperactive+ pills (ritalin) XD
I’m on Adderall this is a perfect description for how it feels plus for me it ruins my appetite so I’m on a appetite med but soon I’m trying therapy and hopefully that works for me
Meds are kinda like putting on glasses when you can't see well. 1st you gotta figure what 'glasses' you need, there's so many different kinds, near sighted, farsighted, reading, etc. etc. If you have the WRONG glasses, it's not gonna be fun. You can see much better, but you 'still' have to actually look at the thing you need to look at.  (anyway, thx for this, just started Vyvanse as an adult in my 30s, it's been almost night and day with how productive I've been, both professionally, and with personal projects and ambitions)
If an airline flies primer paint from the factory and calls themselves primer green air, what is their call sign? Id say primer
remembered I have untreated ADHD because it took me three days to watch this and then i got distracted 3 times while watching because of things mentioned in the video lmfao
My therapist is convinced this is entirely PTSD/trauma when I'm LITERALLY diagnosed.
My ADHD on this video was hilarious, I thought about taking off my coat, saw this video and the original ADHD video on this channel, and watched them both, then thought about taking off my coat about 10 times before I did when I was about here 5:27😂😂😂
Meds help a lot but I is poor. It's also pretty inconvenient to refill on time.
For my Vyvanse, my doc said it was fine if I just stop taking them. And that's more or less what I do, I take em during the week to be productive and don't take them during the weekend. Sometimes headaches or even anxiety attacks happen, but all in all I feel way more productive on the stuff and the breaks help. Also, should prolly mention the appetite thing lmao that shit sucks
i felt aggresively seen by this video. I had my official diagnosis at 21, im 24 now and its been a ride, partly medicated but mostly unmedicated bc i didnt like the idea of having to take a pill to be functional in life and alsobc my first go with meds was not very good; coupled with bad habits while taking them (meaning not eating right or at the proper hours and skipping some days by mistake) and an inaproppriate dosage jump by my psych, i had a panic attack and weird feelings all around so i stopped. Then, i had a great time bc i didnt have that much need to concentrate and i think the effects of the pill were still coursing through my body even though i wasnt taking it but then, i needed to concentrate again bc of my thesis and all that i needed to do for it so i tried to focus without it but failed so now im back to taking my pills begrudgingly and i can focus again but id like to not have to do that. How can i live and be able to do things without having to take meds when the typical things like making a checklist or having alarms or doing those typical things non tdah ppl say to someone that has tdah dont work, how have you good sir, been able to work while unmedicated. thank you very much for the time given.
If your doctor isn't available and you think you are having adverse side effects to a medication, call a pharmacist (especially if you are considering stopping the medication cold turkey) they will have the info needed to inform you of any risks or tell you how to taper off. (This is ESPECIALLY the case with antidepressants (often prescribed for ADHD) and addictive meds (such as stimulant ADHD meds)
Mindfulness meditation is a behavioral practice that essentially just has you going back to task A when you catch yourself not paying attention to it. I highly recommend it as a stopgap, I highly recommend it paired with meds though bc learning it is BORING so off meds it can feel impossible
I have adhd its nice to relate. ps: I use vyvance
as a fellow person with adhd I have been on meds sense age 9 and they have helped me a lot with my stress and focus
Will you please link the full cow video? I need it now.
I hope you went back to the shrink to keep working on it. Ive done this exact thing twice and it led to a lot of problems over years of not being medicated.
This irony is huge, I was watching the video, feeling like "oh man I relate to all of this so much", then the sponsor came and I skipped forward a bit, got to where I assumed was nearly the end of the sponsor segment, but because I don't care for NordVPN, my thoughts started to wonder during the last bit of the sponsor, then I realised I had been thinking about something else completely random and unrelated for a good 2 minutes, then I snapped out of it and the irony hit me that I'm watching  a video about ADHD, and about being very easily distracted, and got distracted because I couldn't hold my focus for 5-10 seconds while the sponsor finished so I didn't miss when the actual video started up again Now I've spent several minutes writing this comment, not having finished the video. Oh man...
Having been on Ritalin for 10 years now, I could not imagine life without it. I frequently have to because my ADD is atomic strength so I sometimes miss picking up my prescription which obviously makes it even harder to pick up my prescription. But it's the edge I need to sometimes get things done, versus no chance at all.
Hmmm, so the medication helps with DOING and FOCUS, but it cannot help with WHAT to focus on and do
omg this was damn near identical to my experience, having ADHD and meds. this truly was so validating. and the breathing problems! oh my god, I've been struggling with that since I was 19 and I had started adderall at 17. I got diagnosed with adult onset asthma, and bless my rescue inhalers work. but damn no doctor I've talked too about my breathing difficulty, chest tightness connected it to adderall but it should've been a consideration b/c my asthma wasn't exceercise induced, it would just hit normally while I was watching tv. I chalked up my asthma onset to air pollution. and there's a good chance two covid infections I had, which had my breathing fucked up, made my lungs worse. but damn, now I know I gotta talk to my doc about it. thank you so much for sharing your experience - also the dopamine part made me LMAOOO lol
About stopping the meds. If you have something that would, without the meds, try to kill you then stopping them is a bad idea. Though if the meds just help with something like ADHD then you just won't get the focus or side effects.
welp, I can't unsubscribe if I'm not subscribed so I'll spite you by subscribing
I’m still thinking abt the polish cow
Hey Ice Cream Sandwich thanks for making amazing videos it’s really fun to watch your animations, you make my day better every time by your funny jokes
I remember the meds i was given as a kis would work for the majority of the day, but id wct like q robot , id refuse to eatwhen the meds were in effect, ans then when they werent? Id go ibto full goblin mode w d eat q bunch of stuff, luckily my parents stopped giving me thwt after a bit
my thoughts always over lap all the time
relateble
I haven't heard anyone describe the Vyvanse productivity dice roll thing before! It's something I just thought I had to live with because Vyvanse was a bit better than Dex...  You've inspired me to talk to my psych about a different option so thank you!
or ADHD... with weed 💯
I had the out of breath thing. I think its because it increases your heartrate and that makes you breath more..? Im not a doctor i have no fucking idea but you are not alone funny ice cream sandwich artist man
I really feel this. I've tried so many ADHD meds, and they either didn't work or had side effects that made it impossible to keep taking them. The worst was Concerta, which is basically an offshoot of meth, which did work but caused heart issues. I was so excited to finally find a med that worked that I was in denial about the symptoms. I'm not on any ADHD meds now, which means my ADHD symptoms are fucking wild, but at least my heart rate isn't going 120+ while resting and I'm not passing out every time I stand up.
All you gotta do to deal with it: supermultitask. (do all of them at once) (personal experience)
Update?
Hoooboy. So the thing here is that it sounds like the vyvanse was working for you. You're noticing the thing with focus but, wow. Did nobody tell you that once you're on the medication: **YOU NEED TO TRAIN YOURSELF TO PICK YOUR FOCUS.** That way you don't get "locked in". That's not the meds fault, that's YOUR brain not being used to the ability to pick focus. As ADHD sufferers we lack multiple executive function skills, and when we are medicated we need to *actively develop and train those skills.* Finally, those exhaustion and tiredness symptoms... Were you eating enough? Drinking enough? Vyvanse and most ADHD meds make you lose more water, AND also depress your appetite. I also went through a stage of being really tired on them and the answer was just "eat more" I started adding cream to my morning breakfast smoothies to give me more energy through the day.  Honestly man sounds like you didn't get the support required to actually have the meds work.
I used to take vivance when I was younger and it would make my under eyes puffy and super sleepy, found out I was allergic to it and then stopped taking adhd meds. After years of no meds I ended up needing anti depressants which was a good substitute in my case.
I've recently started taking ADHD meds, and this is really accurate. Don't take this as "every ADHD experience", it's sure to be different for some people, but that thought description is really close for me. I like to describe it as I don't have a train of thought, I have 5 trains playing Mario Kart.
Something important to add. Meds wont give ypu what youre looking for, but they give you the focus to learn different coping strategies, and continued focus to self care.  Coming from a dude whos been on vyvanse 60mg for like 8 years now
When i used to take medicine for ADHD, everyday during school passed like a dream, it was like i remembered everything yet didnt remember things.
😊😊o  😊
😊😊o  😊
One big thing that I noticed with my meds is that whenever I take it I sometimes get too into stuff like at school if I start doing some work and thats the only work I have to do I get too into it because thats my only goal. people will start asking why im not talking and what I'm so serious about while I just feel like im just being normal. The main problem is that it helps you focus but actully it helps you "only" focus... like you have to be focused on doing the thing your supposed to do or else you become too focused on other random stuff lmao. Sometimes it can be really good but on the other hand sometimes its actually worse because I can either actually do my work and become a robot with no other or I can just do a random thing for hours on end. Honestly for me my meds do help me in my everyday life but sometimes I just dont feel like myself and instead feel like some robot with only 1 goal. I know its long but thats my personal experience with meds
concerta is the shit
everytime i THINK about getting help or askign a doctor, i just think one of many things. One being, my doc aint gonna believe me. He's old and he's going to say "you dont DEVELOP adhd youre born with it, you dont have adhd. stop." the other half of my brainpower is worried if i did, i'd lose all semblence of my personality and what makes peoples days brighter when im around... like im suddenly going to lose my personality or something... then i usually open up youtube and forget i was even worried until the next time the thought crosses my mind, rinse and repeat.
Wait I have ADHD 😢😢
I have ASD and that second med you took sounds like you basically induced autism for as long as the drug lasts lol
Hi ice cream sandwhich i know this video is super old like almost a year, and ive been experiencing the same things you have, ive been put on concerta so maybe you could try it it really helps as long as your on the right dose.
Whoever that friend is, please get him back on the channel
Fun fact, did you know that people with ADHD are usually smarter than the average person
It always nice to hear someone else talk about their ADHD. I take Vyvance too, I can agree it gives me the slow burn of focus I need for my job. There is the problem, like you said, that you need to focus on what you need to do or you'll focus on the wrong thing.
I took adoral and it was like 🫥 all day and so I have never taken meds ever again and just found ways to do my stuff normally. Can’t focus in school? I now do online school and my grades skyrocket. Can’t sleep? Put on a documentary about something boring. Losing focus on my task at hand? Physical to do list.
It's NOT like meth. Peroral use is completely different from vaping/smoking. BEsides that the substance is also completely different.  It would be more comparable to amphetamines. aka speed. But on pharmaceutical quality/purity and not necessarily a racemate. So still not really comparable. (Yes, not even if you washed it.)  Ritalin is also not "basically cocaine".   It's not hard to find that out.  The pharmacological illiteracy is ridiculous.
Hi I got a question, what do you use for your animations and editing like what app ??? Also I love your content thanks
I realised tell today right now on my entire life when i first had pizza pockets   I ate pizza pockets for 7 uwars and normal pizza but mini square pizzas from square pizza boxes   For breakfast and dinner
I have hyperfocus adhd, so the meds giving be the ability to just DO things without the loop and then switch tasks when I need to was exactly what I needed them to do.
I laughed very hard at “don’t forget to unsubscribe! Wait..”
for me meds make me feel more stable. they dont solve my problems, but they make the highs and lows more level so im able to surf instead of being tumbled. and when i get tumbled i can just stand up instead of needing to be air lifted from the remote island of doom that i crashed on
Anyone else struggle for example like let’s say you’re using snap and having a conversation you open a snap from someone and have 0 clue on what it was about?
I HAVEN’T THOUGHT ABOUT POLISH DANCING COW IN MONTHS
It's even worse when the school you go to acts like mental illness isn't a thing and treats everyone as if all brains work the exact same way. This was literally every single English teacher I had, always saying that stupid phrase "If it worked for me it will work for you" and then got really confused when it didn't work for like half the class and instead of admitting they were wrong just treated those students like they were dumb or that the students were doing something wrong.
I was singing the song while watching the whole video and shopping for stuff on Amazon 🙃
The “who even made math?” thought is reminiscent of my spiral during tasks 😂 I was trying to budget just this morning and started thinking about how I need to find out how calculators work and who made the first computerized calculator.
In seventh grade midway through the year I stopped taking my meds like all of them and my adhd meds were at like 60 milligrams  and literally nothing happened to me somehow
I am so far from understanding the way Americans treat « adhd » which is for me an other reason for you guys to take meds that will simply make you a « legal drug addict » you guys need to take a step back and ask yourself why most of the people with adhd are Americans
So, you had what my doc calls a missfire. Pretty much ths meds   Had not fully passed (either due to a high dossage or build up) ans your body was like "welp, stuff this, we strike" to fix this, I was told at least once a month, have a day with nothing (although due to current shortages in Australia atm, I only take my meda on the days I need them) I started doing a clean day and for the last 3 years, I have not had an issue.
#justiceforcompy
i actually got medicated due to work so i could focus while working more, and so my doctor gave me concerta. Honestly it does really well, but i had to realize that meds alone weren't going to solve any of my issues, it just gave me the tools to be able to start working on them. It's more about forming good habbits and routines, which my medications allowed me to do because it let me focus more on the problem and finding a solution. Don't get me wrong, i still have alot of struggles, but the medication gives the the tools needed to tackle those struggles and figure out solutions.
I have a friend with ADHD and, I never knew what they were going through until now
My solution is to make myself tired all the time :P
I use vibance
Is it a cowboy hat or hair
That's the thing, the meds give you superpowers, like ability to focus and learn so much in an afternoon that nobody else could... but you have no control over on WHAT the focus is geared towards. And that's the crux of ADHD meds. They do HELP but without personal growth and learning about yourself and how your brain behaves, you do not have control. You can hack your brain deliberately with certain techniques to have more control, but you will never ever reach 100% and that's just life on a spectrum.  Learn those techniques and you have better life, but forget even being in full control of your brain. You're just wired that way, try to learn as much about it as possible and how to steer it in directions with better chance, let the meds do the rest.
Vyvanse affects me the same way. I have to literally set my focus on studying in order to make progress. But now I'm worried about the future symptoms... lol
I had very similar experiences with ADHD medication, but I started self medicating with weed and It has worked way better for me. Everyone is different but in my experience smoking makes doing daily tasks enjoyable so I actually want to do them and it also helps me stay focused on whatever it is that I'm doing. Although I would warn anyone thinking about self medicating with weed to help with your ADHD to be careful if you are prone to substance abuse, especially because people that have ADHD are more likely to have addictive personalities. I've been a daily stoner for 2 and a half years at this point and I'm completely dependent on weed now, in my case though it's more because weed helps me with more than just my ADHD. It also helps me with my headaches, helps me with my appetite, and most importantly helps me fall asleep because of my insomnia
My experience of adhd is odd because I also have asd. The ways in which they affect me made it take years for me to realize what was wrong with me lmao. Dunno what meds would do, some people say it makes their asd symptoms worse lol
Polish song jumpscare 💀
I DO LOVE YOU
7:51 It says something and at 7:54 I forgor
All these conversations about mental health are great but WHY HAS NO ONE LINKED A DANCING COW VIDEO!!!
couldnt even entirely focus on this video LOL
I wish more doctors would ask more pointed questions or at least explain what I/their patients should be looking for regarding productivity. I've been taking Vyvance on and off for years from a young age, and it wasn't until this video, where you explained how the meds specifically affected you, that it ever occurred to me that I should identify and narrow down exactly what I need these meds to do, what they are helping with, and what I am still lacking. It's amazing how long I've been frustrated with myself over this. Pretty bummed out now that all the doctors I've had have just asked the question, "How are the meds working for you?" and move on since "I can feel them working" is a good enough answer to them even if I don't know how, or really if, they actually help :/. Giving myself some grace though because I know I was just desperate for any help, even if it wasn't consistent, and testing out other drugs for no definitive reason or way to evaluate their effectiveness was/is scary.
addys are cheap as fuck.
Analytics!
Adderall XR (extended release) works MUCH differently than the normal stuff. I had to stop taking it because I was experiencing negative side effects that for me, really weren't worth the trade off. It let me organize my brain enough to where I could get a complete thought out, I could finally remember things that I'd seen and heard, sense of time improved, and I could still get into that busy bee sort of flow state where I could get things done. I was on it for about 10 years at a high dose starting from a young age, and it took a toll on me in other aspects of my life, so I decided to give up on being medicated and see if I could handle things through willpower and careful planning. All in all, I do alright these days. Point being, if I didn't decide for myself that the side effects I was experiencing were so impactful, I'd still be on it. For anyone watching this, it's worth looking into. If you managed to read this wall of text, you probably can go without.
Adderall is not meth...it's horrible..but it's not meth. I've tried Adderall, Vyvanse, and Concerta...for me, Concerta works best. Vyvanse made me kinda....emotional. I really hated that. And..Concerta just all around worked better for me.  If you're up for it, give it a try. You may have a better experience with it than the others.
I appreciate you having Animal Crossing music in the background 💜
Currently going through this same thing. I would try a med and it would to one good thing, but not solve the problem. So I would ask for a med to solve the other problem, but then it would just solve that one problem and not the both AGAIN. So I stopped taking them, and he’s right. Do not stop taking your meds. I just got back on after realizing how bad I was doing and now it’s better! Still have some problems but better than nothing
I love my Adderall so much, if I ever have a daughter I'm naming her Addie
You should try concerta but add an SNRI like venlafaxine as well as a mood stabilizer like a lower dose quetiapine. Works for me. If I only take my stimulant then I have these problems too
I’ve been diagnosed with adhd for pretty much my entire life, I’ve been off and on meds for it since I was five. I took multiple stimulants like adderall, amphetamin, Lisdexamfetamine etc, it just never worked for me I stopped sleeping, eating, and overall acted like a complete zombie. Now I’m on a non stimulant, now I’m taking Strattera one of the best things to happen.
What is that song the cow is dancing to in the beginning?
Vyvanse gang. When it kicks in, I feel like my brain increases to 300 IQ
This is hilarious! You, sir, is funny! Haha I took Adderoll (sp?) in highschool. I don't remember if I focused exactly, but I do remember anything and everything I was taught while taking it...that and losing a crap ton of weight cause of the appetite suppression factor. I remember being on the go a lot and super active...which I'm not anymore but am told I should be. I am currently looking into lion's mane shrooms and am possibly gonna try Everyday Dose, too. It has LM in it and a few other ADHD beneficial stuff as well. I'm not paid or sponsored by them, but if it helps others, then let's go. 😂❤
ADHD is in my opinion the most over and misdiagnosed disorder in America today.
No offense you ADHD is really slow. When mine kicks in its more liky Goku going super Saiyan
I have the hyperactive kind, I completely understand your experience. Same happened to me until i found the perfect meds for me
I was on vyvance for 10 years before I realized it was a suppressant, appetite suppressant, kept me awake, gave me nasty dizziness spells, and it legitimately changed the way I saw colour. Best decision of my life to stop taking it. I did neurotherapy for a while, but now I’m on Dexedrine. It’s 5-6 hours of boosted focus, slight appetite suppressant but you don’t need to take it consistently for the effect to be maintained. It’s like nitrous for your brain and it’s been my medication of choice since. Hell, it even helped me get over my pill stigma after coming off vyvance.
OH MY FUCKING GOD THIS IS LITERALY ME LOL
personally I took Ritalin and others about more than a year and at first it was great because I could start doing the things I was supposed to, and it took me out of like this neverending slum of inability. But after a while it was just uncomfortable to take it because you have to eat well and you have to sleep well, but when you take it you have no appetite and then I couldn't sleep well. So physically I was feeling really bad and I had the worst anxiety of my life. Which just made me have to take another pill. I am a designer so because of the horrible anxiety and irritability I had I was not comfortable with my creativity, because not everything is, as you said, manual like washing the dishes or doing laundry. Like yeah I could take it and do that just fine but when it came to thinking about stuff and actually coming up with ideas for my work, I wasn't comfortable with my thoughts I was always angry and I was irritated by everything.  I couldn't sit down and just think. I  couldn't even listen to music, everything made me feel bad because of the anxiety. And so it was at the end rendered useless because I didn't think it was productive of me to take this medication that only made me hyper in something that wasn't what I was going to have to do anyway, and it also made me feel physically really bad, so I stopped taking it all together.  Now I have to cope but I don't feel bad physically. Before I couldn't even eat at all and, of course even though I tried a lot of different doses and meds it made more sense for me to stop taking it all together.
i think i have adhd but im scared to talk with my parents abt it and i literally cannot sleep at night bc i have to many thoughts
no way you put that song at start 😅
So brave for speaking out 🪦
You kinda talk like I think
I like that animation where your brain was on the floor spinning
Why did he make this video? 1 Vyvanse is just Adderall with a lysine molecule that requires a catalyst to be metabolized. Both result in a slow, stable increase to your Serotonin level, and is what makes amphetamine complex based stimulant meds different from Meth. The symptoms he described on Vyvanse (hyper focus, shortness of breath, constantly feeling like you just finished jogging) are an indication that his dosage was too high. 2. There is no downside to stopping Adderall or Vyvanse all at once, his warning never to stop taking a medication without consulting a doctor is a bad one. You should never start taking a medication without knowing whether you can stop taking it all at once. 3. Medication is never enough to treat ADHD on its own. If you're going to take meds you need to get the dosage right, but you also need to work on your habits.  For anyone who watched this video, his experience on both Adderall and Vyvanse is typical for someone who is taking the wrong dosage. Too little and you won't be able to mentally focus, too much and you become hyper focused and start to feel exhausted and like you might have a heart attack. Of these two scenarios, the low dosage is by far the better outcome. To be completely clear, he could have had the same outcome on Vyvanse as he had from Adderall, or the same on Adderall as he had on Vyvanse. If he had decreased his Vyvanse dosage he could have been able to improve his personal habits in a way that would allow him to focus and think more clearly.  Improving one's habits is a slow process, which is likely why he jumped to Vyvanse in the first place. I'm going to keep saying this, patients need to inform themselves regarding their own health conditions and disorders. Self-advocacy is extremely important, especially when your condition has been commonly misunderstood by medical professionals for decades. ADHD definitely falls into that category. My honest opinion is he should have simply decreased his Vyvanse dosage by about half, and allowed himself time to build better habits that would allow him to focus properly. Now that he's completely unmedicated, that task is essentially twice as hard.  It is a common mistake of patients to assume that their experiences are unique, and that different medications are dramatically different. There is also a lot of bad information out there regarding different medications, like the claim that Adderall is basically Meth. Adderall and Vyvanse are essentially the same, their release/metabolic mechanisms are the only real difference. Vyvanse is slightly better than Adderall only in that it's release mechanism is more stable and reliable as well as abuse resistant. However, both are Amphetamine complexes, neither of which is synthetic Meth. Meth is also an amphetamine complex, but that's like comparing ethanol to methanol. One gets you drunk, the other is eventually fatal.  This was not what I would call a well researched video, it is extremely subjective and full of confirmation bias. It's extremely important that you self-advocate and self-educate when it comes to having this kind of medical condition. Yes, it's difficult to do that when you have a condition like ADHD, but it's not impossible and it's very much necessary.
Wellbutrin/Bupropion is a non-stimulant if that's a problem for anyone! (I have hypertension, so Adderall gave me a BP of 210/94 and sent me to the ER.) Bupropion removes that barrier between "I should do this thing" and the actual action of getting up/switching focus to do the thing. Granted, a huge portion of my ADHD that it helps with is memory loss, which I know is less common.
Not me reading the comments not watching the video while watching the video
Aw man about halfway through the video I was like, omg I should try this medication I'll finally be consistently productive! and then it wasn't.
How are Adderall and meth the "same"?
I've taken concerta and yes it helped me stay on task but messed up my emotions alot and creativity so i stop
thiss vide o is too quiet
As someone with ADHD, I made it through this whole thing, and between the story telling (which makes hella sense and similar to my issues with some meds) You straight got me with the "Unsubscribe..... WAI--" and I straight up subbed lmfao XD
How can I block all the ads.. where is the solution in that eh..
Not the polish cow! I'll have that stuck in my head for ages but not like constantly but it'll just pop up randomly T_T
Funny how people like to skip around the fact that they gained they’re symptoms after smoking weed chronically
I have pretty bad adhd and mainly struggle with executive dysfunction. I've been on ritalin for about 3 months now, and I can actually DO stuff now, but I still struggle with focus because the meds do wear off fast. my psychiatrist is my mother (I know that's bad, but it's convenient), so I can text her anytime I want and receive a reply within minutes or a few hrs, and we have agreed to increase my dose. I take 30mg now, 10 in the morning, 10 around noon, and 10 in the early afternoon, and it helps, but I'm still not sure it's what I need. I'll see how it goes, what I will say is that I can finally go to university after trying and failing for 2 years. maybe I'll try a different medication in a few months, but I think I'm still adjusting so I won't give ritalin up yet. it's the second medication I've tried, the first one was an adhd medication classed as an antidepressant (strattera), and while it did help, it made me incredibly tired. I was sleeping all day, so it made me less productive...I struggle with exhaustion a lot tho, I suspect I might have chronic fatigue syndrome and should probably see a doctor about that.
Hi! I have inattentive ADHD too (and was diagnosed as a young adult) and learning to capitalize on medication is TOUGH. For me, it was as much about ameliorating the side effects as it was capitalizing on the benefits.  One of the big things I wasn’t expecting was how incredibly important it is for me to eat food, and how tough that can be. If I eat within a couple hours before taking meds, they barely work. If I try to eat once the meds are active, I don’t feel hungry and I become extremely jittery and anxious, which leads to the kind of aimless productivity discussed in the video.   What I have found DOES work is to take my meds immediately before eating a big fat meal :) that way I get maximum, consistent effects while fully ameliorating the anxiety and jittery feeling! Once I figured this out, I was able to properly dose my meds, and am three years in to a better relationship with my ADHD and feel like I am mostly in control of both the disorder and the medication that helps me manage it!  Curious to hear if anyone else has found food so crucial to managing medication, and also happy to discuss with others! I feel like the process of medicating is really not discussed enough given how brutal the side effects can be for medication :P
The ability to not consume like 4 types of media at once is so underrated. I struggle so hard, with like wanting to watch a show or movie, and not also having youtube running or playing a game or something. Its like my brain gets bored and just starts looking for more information.
Ah I did 10 different things in this video and didn’t complete anything.
God bless you all! I hope you all overcome your struggles with ADHD & more! ❤✝️
I praise the algorithm that it reminded me to take my medication by showing me this video 🙏🙏🙏
Dame that must suck having to pay for meds
When I was 6 yo(im 18 now) my parents discovered that I have ADHD, at the time we tested a few meds, just to find out wich one works better on my organism, the results was pretty interesting, we discovered that in my organism risperidon(a schizophrenia med) works soooooo much better than the other meds for some reason(im not schizo btw haha It Just works), but one side effect of this one is that It turns your body off and you just start to sleep like 1 hour after taking It, but the real plot twist is that I was suffering from imsonia every single night, so we decided to use the side effect to cover that too(basicly I take It before sleep), and after 12 years taking risperidon people that I recently know doesnt even think that im ADHD, most times I have to tell them about It and they are like "really? I mean you dont look like ADHD", so I think I Just turned into a neurothipic with some time taking medicine hahahaha
I learned that if I just smoke a little bit of weed it helps me focus
Meditation is a great way too. Just slowly building the ability to conciously guide your train of thought and let the chatter and music slip away.
I've had a similar experience with concerta where *doing tasks* became 1000x easier, but focusing didn't (at least not nearly to the same degree). I've always had a LOT of problems with executive dysfunction though, so I kind of don't mind
Sitting here trying to remember where I put my adderall
Try huperzine-A supplement. Will inhibit the acetylcholine up take which is what people with ADHD are depleted of pretty quickly thoughout the day. May take the edge off
Meditation helps me focus greatly.  Meditate for at least an hour. No electronics just quite. Start with a clear mind but your mind will wonder. Just Let the thoughts flow through your mind but don’t stay with any of them just let them go as they come. If you find your self focusing on one thought take a deep breath and reorient yourself back to a clear mind and focus on your breathing.
I have adhd and autism
you gotta be careful with this stuff, understand it. yes all adhd meds is practically meth, yes at a really low dose It can be a tool. but like you said, the core of the issue is your discipline and habits. without genuinely changing it wont help you. Also it is a stimulant, which means your brain is generating a flow of dopamine, just like when you're eating or using a phone, or watching a show. but this chemically needs to happen in the background while you work, if you do those activities at the same time, you're double dipping, and you're twice as tempted to re engage in that activity when you need to be doing the work (which is only half as rewarding). as being a stimulant, it also increases your heart rate, this means you will need much more water to sustain your body's processes, you were likely severely dehydrated, and meds should be taken as soon as you wake up so that you can fall asleep again in good time. be careful with prescribed drugs! It's just like a drug dealer, except your doctor wears a coat! neither will look out for your personal safety. love you! thank you! glad you're off meds. I definitely encourage you to try meditation. Every day try to use less and less electronics, and engage in less and less rewarding activities. This will rebalance your reward system and allow you productivity, creativity, focus, and discipline. Also exercise! good luck brother.
That sound more like a lack of character and real motivation(not adhd) , when you have that you can complete any task, you don't need focus or any of that you complete the things because there is a motivation behind it.
I am drinking loads of water, make sure you do that, but I take Concerta XL Methylphenidate 36mg Prolonged Release + 10mg instant Release (Whenever I notice the Prolonged release ware off). Been doing me wonders, I still struggle with the work and productivity, similar with you when you were on your meds, but it was worse before the meds. What it also did for me was improving comprehension, attention, emotional regulation and my overall mood. I was expecting to work better, still working better, but not as much as I was hoping, but I definitely feel more in the moment, like I dont feel disconnected or just lost in my head. Overall I do suggest anyone to try the meds for around 3 months to see if it helps, unless you do experience health problems, talk to your doctor. But for me, I'll take it for as long as it helps me.
Damn. Finished this video and wasn't able to pay any attention
The ability to feel normal to sit down listen, focus, no constant overlapping voices, and best of all just to relax and everything being quite makes it a miracle for me at least idk bout you but good luck
I was Watchinf the Polish. Cow!!
All my ADHD is thinking about now is the cow song and what it's actually called
I almost clicked off this video 10 seconds in to watch dancing polish cow again.
Polish?
meds didn't stop me fidgeting or daydreaming. The biggest effect I've seen is stuff I used to find just agonizingly, unbearably boring now feels tolerable which is a huge relief at times.
I have ADHD 😂
I have it but I have both and used it for school
Me: tells my phaychologist im not as depressed as he thinks and that the beds are making me worse. He and my mom fought me and forced me to stay on them. I refused to take them. Got on new meds. Actually helped. Got switched dispite saying no it was actually working. Got worse. Got changed back. Got better. Got to a point where i could tell i was just putting drugs in my body. Stopp taking them. Now im managing myself quite well. Problem is, the unmedicates adhd that sends me back down into depression if i dont dtisteact myself the moment i feel it crewping in
polish cow is so real
This is so similar to my adhd experience. Back to square one.
rip dancing cow
I have audhd or autism and adhd. And im reading this book called your brains not broken. In the book it talks about labeling or using a metaphor to explain your adhd. Mine felt like a difficulty slider i can't adjust like some task were easy setting, and some small ones like dished were like Halo 2 legendary. Now after using things ive learned taking better my self ( such as enoguh sleep) and medication i have some some control of the slider or less afraid of taking on a harder task
A minute in and i cant stop thinking about finding the cow and while i comment this im missing more lmfao
unsubscribed
Been taking concerts for like 2 decades now. Ive tried others and none seem to help. my dad is a pharmacist and im not sure why he chose that one for me when I was a kid. Honestly I haven’t heard any of my other friends use it. They all use or adderall or ritalin.
I take Vyvanse and when I do I can do crazy shit like complete a full 1000-piece puzzle or build train tracks all around all the tables in the toy train area of the kid's area at the museum. I actually did both of these things. But when I am off of my medication I can either barely move from one spot or I am OFF THE WALLS. I am a somewhat malnourished child and on top of that, I DO NOT sleep. I am exhausted 24/7 yet with my medication I can walk around the capital of Washington DC (I actually did that as well). Adhd medicine is just built differently.
I imagine you have already talked to your Psych by now, but you might look into the non-stimulant medication options. Both meds you tried are stimulant varieties, meaning you take them when you need them, they kick in for ~6-10 hours and then they wear off. They also are SUPER dosage sensitive and dialing that in can take several months worth of appointments if they even work for you. Non-stimulants work on other parts of the neurochemistry that exacerbates ADHD and seeks to help the body in regulating the chemicals it needs on it's own, you typically take these daily and they take a few weeks for your brain chemistry to stabilize. I take Strattera specifically which is a selective Serotonin reuptake inhibitor and a Norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor which reduces the amount of those neuro-transmitters your neurons reuptake. Reuptake is the process through which unused neurotransmitters that are saturating the synaptic juncture are reabsorbed by the axon of the upstream neuron. These meds operate under the premise that your brain is too eager to vacuum up these neurotransmitters or that your neurons are not as sensitive to them as they should be and so they readily saturate the synapse. Serotonin is implicated in a number of neurological disorders, ADHD and Depression being notable examples. Norepinephrine has roles in stabilizing mood, regulating attention and arousal (arousal in the medical sense, this is the ability to feel motivated to do a thing, not specifically physical arousal), and several other jobs. Notably, Norepinephrine is one of the products that our brains turn Dopamine into. So dopamine seeking behavior can be absorbed in individuals who have plenty of dopamine, but a lacking in Norepinephrine as they are trying to force the creation of additional Norepinephrine by flooding their brain with Dopamine.  This is just one example of non-stimulant medications now available for the treatment of ADHD. There are others that work on different principles and people may respond better to some than others. Another thing to consider is comorbidities as well. People who suffer from ADHD are more likely to suffer from a number of other conditions at rates higher than the general population as well. It is possible that you ADHD treatment can be inhibited by the presence of one of these other conditions and that to effectively treat you, you must tackle multiple at a time, or even focus on a condition OTHER than your ADHD at first. Talk to your Psych about this, they should have a better grasp on your situation than a YouTube commentor, but as an example; I ended up requiring both an ADHD medication AND a depression specific medication to see proper results.  Finally, for anyone struggling with these conditions right now and can't seem to find help, PLEASE check your state / regional / county resources. There are often tax-subsidized programs that can partially or completely offset the cost of treatment & medications as your financial situation requires. Not every place has them, but a surprising many do, even in the Southern United States where public funding is notoriously lacking.
I got distrated half way the vidéo... sorry 😅
wait i shouldn't be commenting here right now
Definitely having that same experience with Vyvanse. It helps me to hyperfocus but that's it. luckily, I haven't experienced any of the painful side effects as of yet and I can mostly direct my hyperfocus for...the most part, or at least I just do straight better with it than without, so its usually just better for me to take it.  I learned there are clinics that will do extensive tests on your ADHD, showing results for how hyperactive or inattentive you are. My partner did this and they even scheduled follow up sessions to be able to test you while on different medication to get you as close to "neurotypical" as possible. I think it might be a good thing to look at depending on where you are in life. I tried to look into it myself because with a lot of peoples experiences, including mine, Vyvanse or Lisdexamfetamine often works for a bit then stops as far as helping you achieve your goals. so I wanted to see what medications work best for me buuuuuut fun little thing my insurance refuses to pay for ADHD testing so I'd have to pay out of pocket so in the mean time I'm just gonna have to throw crap at the wall and see what sticks as far as medication goes.   Another thing I'm gonna be trying out is therapy too, being someone with ADHD in a society that expects productivity and shames those who can't, can cause trauma in and of itself and I find my feelings of shame get in the way of my goals whether or not I'm on medication. I am not an expert, of course, but that's just been my experience so far since I've only been diagnosed for like a year.
The Adderall addiction I developed was far worse than the adhd in my experience.
Fun fact: The song in the polish cow meme is about using cocaine and then quitting and not being able to live without it.
Vyvanse knocked me out. I felt so drowsy on it. Had to go back to the meth.
Setimes i like to walk every day and talk to my self
I got prescribed 30mg xr Adderall right away well after i was already just taking it for fun, it definitely made my adhd worse and im still feeling the lingering side effects years later. All im saying is if you ask your doctor for a drug and they just write the scrip no question, that is not a good doctor.
For me, I can’t really tell when Adderall kicks in/can’t additively tell if Adderall is working. I’m also autistic so I’ve always been able to get stuff done (I love physical errands and cleaning and tidying), with an exception being homework.   What I can tell is that I’m so much more spacey and chaotic when I don’t have Adderall. I’ll turn to my girlfriend after holding her captive by talking her ear off and be like “oh, by the way, I didn’t take Adderall today” and she’ll be like “yeah, that makes a lot of sense/I could tell.” And I’ll suddenly be struggling more with homework/will have more intense emotions/feel really silly all the time.   Meds are not perfect, but if you’re not sure Adderall or another medication is working, try getting off of it and see what happens.
Im on Concerta, starting to think it isnt effective anymore, or maybe its not helping me focus
It's a shame there's no one medication that fixes everything. I got tons of headaches on Ritalin, but Vyvanse for me has been working for the most part. I can focus more at work but not so much on my hobbies and projects. i think I do get some of that 'out of breath' feeling once in awhile, but to a lesser degree. Feels kind of like a mild anxiety attack.   Also the meds don't mix well with coffee.  I miss coffee.
I have found...my people 😢😂
What did I learn? That I got invested into how rockets work: DAMNIT.. the art work made it so inviting 😭 oh I love but hate my meds
Well fuck I think I have ADHD lol but I hate doctors so I'm going to continue to finish nothing at all
no, you do not need to worry about the heatdeath of the universe a KJGHPILLION YEARS from now.
These illustrations are so great.  Also, thus ia SO my brain!
Yes.  Vyvanse + giant comical signs pointing the way.
Subscribed. I had the same problems with Vyvanse last fall. I'm now on Ritalin.  There are two categories of ADHD Stimulants, the Amphetamines and the Methylphenidates, and it's common practice to switch between the two types when the other stops working.  Hope this helps!
Last night I took my Vyvanse, played six hours of very intense solitaire, took a shower, then filed my taxes. It was WILD.  My blood pressure goes way up while on it but I got some pills that help with that it’s so nice 😭
The medicine I use is Ritalin (I think it's how it's written in English, because in Portuguese is Ritalina)
It's pretty upsetting that you didn't take any time whatsoever to dispel the ridiculous myth that adderall is similar to meth in any meaningful way whatsoever. This video clearly has a large reach and a lot of people are going to grossly misunderstand adderall and what it actually does. (hint, it's literally not at all like meth).
I was diagnosed ADHD when I was 8, my parents tried everything to get me to be "normal" but the medication was either 1. Didn't work at all.  Or 2. I was a zombie (thanks Ritalin!)   There was never a healthy balance, I tried Vyvanse as an adult and it was life changing, I suddenly felt like I was in the driver's seat for the first time in a life of living in the back seat,  I saw task A and I could just DO IT! Amazing I know!   This was especially good for work where I could actually use all my skills to blow through tasks instead of getting burned out every 2 hours, to the point where my boss told me "we have nothing for you to do right now, just go relax and watch some YouTube or something"  Which felt WRONG! unmedicated me would have jumped at the chance but with this new control I had it felt wrong.    TLDR: everyone has Different reactions to ADHD medication,  some good, some bad.
I FOUND OUT WHAT 2+2 IS!      A BIGGER 2
when i was first seeking help for my depression, i started a new medication that at first was really helpful. about two days in i got up to go to school and straight up fainted— which i have a history of, so i shrugged it off and left for class. next day rolls around, i try to get up, and my entire sense of where i was in my space was Gone?? i was wobbly, dizzy, and the more i moved, the more my vision blacked out until i fainted again. at this point i was a bit worried, so i reached out to my psychiatrist and eventually stopped taking them at her recommendation, but not until i had missed nearly a full week of school lol. it slipped by me so easily because they were symptoms i already experienced, just slightly different, so i assumed it was the same thing playing up again when it wasn’t. i’m a better medication now (that as a bonus helps with my chronic pain) and it’s been infinitely better! medication can be a really fickle thing, and in most cases you’ll try several at different dosages before you settle on the one that works best for you. it’s a really intensive journey tbh, but i feel it’s worth it to finally level the playing field between myself and my peers :3  while i also have adhd, i’m not medicated at all (i have a Lot of medical issues and have yet to sort them out enough to consider more medication or help otherwise) this video is pretty on point lol. the hyperfixating on things that aren’t the tasks needed to be done is SUCH a struggle for me, which is only compounded by suspected autism— it’s nothing new to see me cruising paleontology articles instead of doing Literally Anything Else
The animation was soo so fun !  Ive just recently started with my adhd (add actually) medication, not the direct stimulants but the slow releasing ones, or whatever they are called..mine is wellbutrin xl. And, im having a total revolution. I didnt know the hyperactivity in my mind was the root of all the crpp happening in my life. The meds transfered the hyperactivity in the mind to physical activity. I cant believe how productive i can get to be now. Before, i was just thinking too much on anything and everything, so nothing could be done properly and never on time, of course. Or even if its properly done, i was getting so damn exhausted, drained. And i could actually feel my brain was hurting (almost like muscle spasms) at each step. I couldnt have realistic evaluations on stuff i care about because i was just so lost in thought process all the time. Everything felt boring to the detriment, i couldnt even get to enjoy the things there is for entertainment, like book, movies, etc. Im already a highly sensitive person in medical terms-- like im sensitive to sounds, lights, smells, sensations, even the energy around and i even have sensitive teeth lol..so living felt painful, it felt just too much of a burden most of the time, especially during times of heavy stress (like my last 7 years). I had many burnouts bcos of such reasons. I couldnt get to the point of actually solving regular problems, i was just getting lost in the process. I was joking and laughing most of the time (i mean, when i wasnt easily frustrated at something), so nobody, including family, could actually see what i was going through each day. No support system whatsoever. After medication, only now i can think and act straight, can see whats actually important, my mind doesnt feel like losing your way in the middle of a vast forest. This is an actual inability guys..it has nothing to do with being lazy or whatever. Thats like wanting to walk but your muscles just dont let it happen. Or you cant see clearly without glasses. This is the same kind of a physical inability. The problem is...its mostly invisible to the outside. Because its not directly visible, your problems dont make sense to other people and after some point, you yourself also start believing that its a character fault rather than an actual inability. Like, you become convinced you dont get paralysed in thought process most of the time, as though it was all intentional. Anyways...Im soo so grateful i have the right diagnosis for the first time at the age of 35 (before it was only depression and anxiety treatment, which didnt change anything eventually) and there is medication options for this inability -- yes, its totally a kind of inability for me, even though thats not a popular opinion about adhd. Every morning my mind is in the familiar mess and confusion and it feels adrift until the meds kick in. Only after then i start thinking in an organized manner automatically. Only after that i feel like i belong to this world, and able to function as i wish, like everybody else. I hope the researches on neurodiversity improves even more, so that everyone who suffers everyday can reach more great solutions easily.
Sad song polish cow 🎵🐄🎵🐄🎵🐄🎵🐄🎵🐄
Wait, why'd you say Concerta like that? That's the one I took in high school. Is there something I missed?
That fact that I got an adhd episode while watching this and started looking up meds then saw the price and jumped in insta to scroll, only to come back to this video 10 minutes later is actually hilarious
Ah. So you went from taking amphetamine.... To taking another amphetamine.   If you ever want to see any improvement in your adhd. Meds alone will never help you. You need to actually take steps like seeing a psychologist. To do treatments that involve actually changing the way you function, and possibly taking medication while doikg that to help.   Because what you are doing otherwise you are just taking a pill to avoid having to deal with the actual issue. Improvement is possible. Its just not going to be effortless.
Meds taught me firstly that motivation and focus are different things. Secondly that motivation can sometimes compensate for having a tendancy to focus on the wrong things... Wasted a day on bullshit, next day worked 16 hours straight on a delayed project. You can become *able* to do stuff with 4 times as much effort as someone else with plenty of sidequests... But maybe four times as much effort is bad for a person. I am off Vyvanse because of the global shortage, but I really miss having it as an option.
I've been medicated for my adhd for nearly 4 years now and i still remember the first thought i had after i took my pills for the first time.  "Is this what it's like to be normal?"
I'll finish the video later
Yo, my comment may be lost, but I found some good info. Look up lion's mane mushroom. it helps our adhd brain's neurons be good. It's more complicated than that tho, but like looks promising ya know. Loved the video btw
I am currently on a double dose of my medication at work and seeing your video pop up has reminded me that my lunch break is 30 mins and not an hour. Thanks i guess
oh my god the vyvanse explanation is EXACTLY how I experience it too
That oversion to meth got me off concerta as a teen in disgust, then never able to get back on it again cause i "must just be a junky tryong to get drugs" *diagnosed as a litteral single digit aged child*
Experience for me is kinda similar. Been diagnosed since I was in HS, definitely have the "chain of disparate thoughts" problem. To the point where I can't explain how I got from task A to explanation 13-charlie. Bad mojo. I've tried a handful of different meds over the years, but where I've landed is I *need* them to be productive at work. I'm a software engineer, and I need to be able to corrale  my thoughts and get work done. There's too many interesting problems in my workday to not have a "focus, you fack" button available. But I can't be on meds all the time. I need to take regular breaks, otherwise I get into the other cycles you mentioned. I landed on taking them 4 days a week - monday, tuesday, thursday, friday. Those break days let me do all the weird non-linear big-idea thinking I love, but also give me enough of a lever to keep *most* of my squirrels pulling in the same direction. Taking a break on the weekends resets lots of things for me.   That does limit which drugs I can use. Some of the SNRIs and others you can't just start and stop, but the very low-dose adderall I use my doc thinks is pretty safe to do so. *shrug*, ymmv. In the end, meds are a tool, but you'll need a bunch of others to go with it. For me they helped bridge the gap and get some of my worst habits under control. The single biggest difference between the first time I went to college and flunked out, and the second time I went and finished a BS in 2 years was adding meds to the mix.
I take Ritalin, it has helped with a lot of things but not everything so… it sucks :”) , I’m kinda on high dose too, cuz I would keep falling asleep in class and decided I had to up my dosage (three times)
3:56 i’m around this point now nvm i’m on vyvanse and i’m here 5:18 7:04 IM DOING THAT RIGHT NOW
0:03 POLSKA GUROM ❤🇵🇱
Bro I think I have adhd because… This is relatable
Is there a discipline drug?  Lol i feel like i never have the kick in the butt i need to do things
Does anyone here have experience with Ritalin?
I've been off meds for about 7 years now. During University I had to get back on them just so I can have a chance of even finishing university.  It's weird. Sometimes I want to be back on it so I can focus on the things that I want to do. But at the end of the day it's all mental. I have to do the things that need to be done.  Without assistance from medication.
the descriptions of ADHD are very accurate
My parents didn't medicate me
i don't take adhd medication anymore bc it gave me tons of suicidal thoughts lmfao
Hahaha I take both adderall and vyvanse. Vyvanse is definitely my go to but it took weeks to get used to. Adderall is when I wanna stay up and still feel okay lol. After awhile. Vyvanse is definitely the best med for me.
i only have ritalina in here, $500 for vainvance and aderal is prohibited so yeah....
The only thing that works for me is consuming ridiculous amounts of caffeine. Example: sophomore year of hs, I drank a full bottle of Coca-Cola and two bottles of black cherry Mio Energy (by which I mean diluted in two bottles of water) in the same sitting. My focus on the lessons in class was absolute... and the only thing that kept me from pissing myself from drinking too much liquid in one sitting.
I broke down SOBBING standing in my kitchen  because I did dishes without it being an excruciating mental ordeal. ADHD medication such as Adderall probably saved my life getting online wit 🇻​​🇪​​🇪​-​🇵​​🇭​​🇦​​🇷​​🇲​.​🇨​​🇴​​🇲. I try to take short breaks for a day or two once in awhile because I worry about building a tolerance, but I genuinely feel more like myself on my medicine..
then the medical professional just uses google.
I won’t try to convince you, but I will say, side effects are common when you are starting, but they do tend to subside over time. but obvs it is up to you and you gotta do what is best for you.
Adhd meds definitely work different for each person. I had to try 5 different meds to finally land on Vyvanse for myself. Everyones brain needs a different kind of medication
I get Methylphenidat, because that's the chemical you usually get in germany as an official ADHD med. it's ok but also has a lot of problems. imo the key is just to not use it for half a week or more everyonce in a while so that your head is not going crazy. i personally made better experiences with weed and normal amphetamines, but since that's illegal for some reason i can't use those drugs anymore or else the police steals my driver's license again
Doctors be like: -You are diagnosed with an ultimate screw-up disease. And it's uncureable. Here's meth.
It might sound weird hear me out try coffee I'm not kidding I have ADHD and OCD and coffee helps calm down the symptoms
As someone who is in a country where my medication is free, I take a fucking stupid dosage. (Not even people who THINK they are worse than me since I mask quite well take as much)   I'm on 54mg of Concerta + 18mg in the afternoon (or 24, I forgot I am currently not on them 💀) with it I feel normal... I feel mellow and free to do stuff my non drugged brain has wanted to do like go to the gym, get jacked, go to college and now that I'm off of them, my life has fell apart again but my creativity is back although I still consistently go to the gym I have intergrated that! It has to do with the fact I am 119kg and very tall, I think that has a factor in it?- I never actually looked into it but I have always been on absurd dosages.
i am unmedicated but what made me not believe i had adhd for a while is because i wasnt super hyper… you know why i wasnt super hyper? because i stimmed every day with my entire body for 1-2 hours at a time and sometimes multiple times a day. and i still do it. im still not sure if its adhd, autism or both but i still stim and im still neurodivergent as hell 😭
i use concerta for my adhd it half works ig :) edit: alza 18 specifically
I realized halfway through the video that I didn't actually hear most of the video, because I was having conversations in my head💀
Anyone got a link to the cow video at the beginning?
I might have adhd, my son sis keeps pushing for meds but I don’t want to because I can technically still function. So anyways cool video
I take medicenet it helps a lot
Your friend was goofy af, Vyvanse is also a sister drug to methamphetamine (specifically, it's lisdexamfetamine). With that said, Vyvanse has been my life-saver, been taking it for 7 - 8 years now (started in high school), and I genuinely think I may have not graduated from high school without it. Much less graduate with my bachelor's, nor start my master's.  Edit: I should note that there are some things I've lost from taking Vyvanse, specifically the ability to daydream. I also recently got changed to the generic version of Vyvanse due to the shortage, and for whatever reason, that version of the medication causes me to have an extreme stutter when trying to start sentences (it's very strange). Additionally, in the first six months, I did struggle with a half-life and a moderate crash from Vyvanse, and some tummy issues, but those have all either disappeared or majorly improved with time.  Point is, medication can work for some people. But there are always tradeoffs and often you're not going to just take a medication that works and not have some, at least minor, side effects that inconvenience you. Vyvanse causes me to stutter, and gives me some tummy issues, but that's a reasonable price to me if I can function day-to-day. It's also important to note that you probably won't find a suitable medication the first couple tries. I took at least 3 - 4 medications, maybe more, before trying Vyvanse. Some of them were good at first and then got worse with time, one in particular gave me the stereotypical "I feel like a zombie" symptoms, another made me extremely nauseous, but using what we learned from each medication (because most of them helped my focus, but weren't worth the other issues) we were eventually able to find something that ticked all the boxes with manageable side-effects.
I have ADHD, medicated when I was young.. Thing would cut my appetite and ended up making me a hungry zombie all day that couldn't focus or just didn't have enough nutrients to perform simple tasks. Stopped taking it and felt better and ate more, still couldn't focus. Also went on anti-depression meds, made me feel like shit under a week. Also stopped taking them, never felt better in my whole life. Now every time a doctor tells me to take meds for a ''mental'' problem, I just out right refuse to take them. The only meds I take are for injuries and that's it
I have ADHD and Autism, my brain is all kinds of chaos constantly
Honestly if only people knew the pain we go through man
Adhd can be both a blessing and a curse depending. My symptoms worsened in my early 20s, id start on a task and less than a minute i was in another world, task completely forgotten. Then eventually something that was really important to me needed to be worked on. Id get distracted and sometimes it would take 1-2hrs before the thought "hey shouldnt you be focusing on this?" Occurred. As i struggled each day my psych told me not to feel bad about this but when ive noticed ive veered off task, to get back to it before my mind changes again and i "forget". Two weeks of forcing myself to go back, trying to increase the time i focused on it by 1 second at a time,  helped wonders! Now i usually can focus for about 10 mins in one sitting, but the most influental change that happened is when i got distracte, my distractions lasted a few minutes vs hours. I let myself get distracted while i work, but i soon remember that i have to get back on task and return right away. It also involved a trick where i had to think of ways to make my brain interested in what i was doing. Cuz adhd people often have an uncanny ability to focus on things they are "obsessed" about or enioy. Similar to being able to sit down and play a really fun videogame for a while in 1 sitting. Adhd coping mechanisms are not 1 size fits all, but figuring out how to be a lil more self aware and try to hack your strengths to overcome weaknesses pays off more than medication cause youre not risking your health with these controlled substances. Just my two cents and i hope this was explained well enough for at least one person to be able to understand and try. Improvement is gonna be incrimental and not happen overnight, but after a year of constantly trying, its become severily more manageable and has improved many aspects of my life as a fellow with a nonstop million mph brain lol.
EVERYONE YouTube search:> How to ADHD       She is Awesome
Lol I have asthma and anxiety induced insomnia. Kinda a bad combo cause what helps with asthma is steroids but that can make you anxious and then I can sleep and the cycle continues trying to find the right combo. Either I choose to sleep, breathe or another affect of on of my asthma medications is having twitchy muscles. Lol finally found an okay combo with the least amount of side effects but still got them twitchy muscles which won't stop for hours at a time lol
I feel you man adhd is hard to deal with and I'm glad you found a way to deal with it.
Upload a 10hr loop of the cow
If your in a state with medical weed. maybe give that a try. i can't hurt any worse than adderall.
I WISH I COULD REPOST THISSSS AAAAAA
Butt medicated)
Differentiating between adderal and vyvanse's similarity to meth when they're both just different ratios of amphetamine isomers (one being 1:0)... Did you just not bother to learn anything about what you were doing?  And also only medicating with zero therapy. Fuck the American healthcare system is laughable.
Those vyvanse side effects are normal but are meant to go away after a week - month
the question is, how long did you take for this video to finish? and how long its supposed to be hmmm?? im actually supposed to be doing chores right now so...
I’ve been taking vivance since I was like… 6?
This video was just entertaining enough to make it to 3:39 without leaving this comment, but it's killing me to not yet and that sucks because what if i wanted to say something else but if i waited what if i forgot what i wanted to say
I had the same problem with ritalin as you had with adderall, mostly bc we don’t prescribe it in australia bc its a bit too close to meth. I have been on vyvanse for a year and i have found that a plan for the day it the most crucial way to get thrlugh. I once organised tens of thousands of beads i have collected one day into colour size etc. Yes i did that insane task but i still needed to write my assignment that week and wasted a whole day. So i made sure to always have a bold sticky note with like 2 tasks to choses from
Yo im on vyvance you described it perfectly
video from the start, my adhd would not stop until i found it   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pIpi1HDEhU
from my experience let’s just say that there’s a reason i call vivance violence because it made me cuss out a class mate in grade 2
I had to restart the video because my phone game had a really interesting ad  i dont remember what it was and i dont think it matters.
Being unmedicated is definitely way less effective, but I’m not a quivering emotional wreck whenever I stop the drugs, so I prefer it.
Yeah ADHD meds are… weird. It works well when it does work and really is not great when it doesn’t. Doesn’t help that I was started on the highest doses possible cause it literally would not work on lower doses. Unfortunately that translated to all of my meds. My metabolism was so high I’d just burn through the meds before they had a chance to really work. So they just stopped giving me meds and said gl try therapy. It’s sorta worked but unfortunately I’ve had to mostly fend for myself on most occasions. It really helps to have supportive parents. They’ve mostly kept me going
ADHD is…  ADHD is.
Am I the only one that at 0:58 thought he was about to drop some Eminem lyrics?
Polish cow!
Poor dopamine 😞
What a fun video
This is the first ad I've ever just watched
You see ADHD is all or nothing. I’m always either really hyper fixated or I’m not doing any at all
I've tried several ADHD meds, Adderall gives me the least side effects while still helping me with attentiveness. It's always a good idea to communicate with your doctor about what you're experiencing so they can help you find the best solution for your needs. Sometimes, that's no meds, or breaks from meds, or something else completely unrelated.
real
i have used almost every medication for adhd then i was off for two months then i had to use them again
i used to take adhd meds in the past. the manual had this table of side effects and how often they would occur. there was the side effect of "sudden death" which was listed under "less than 1 in 10000". the fun part is how there was a category "unknown" as well, which would imply an occurence rate so low they couldn't reliably establish an average occurence rate but no, it was listed under "less than 1 in 10000". every now and then, i just got the manual from the latest box, started reading through the side effects, and there it was again. needless to say, every time i read it i had a good laugh about it and every time my mother got a little bit more worried cause i was laughing about a 1 in 10000 chance of randomly dying.
Wacky explanation but it’s pretty much exactly what adhd is like, focusing is hard and you get sidetracked easily.
Uh Vyvanse just turns into meth once you take it tho
yeah maybe you just needed to take a deep rest ;P
adhd tip: falling asleep to music or white noise doesn’t work for me. I fall asleep to podcasts now. Because if I try to force myself to focus on what’s they’re talking about my brain will inevitably get bored and would rather just sleep. It’s been working well!
My house has never been so clean and my life so put together as it’s been after starting Adderall for my ADHD….HOWEVER…sometimes when I run out of tasks I immediately feel as if I’m wasting time by just BEING STILL. I did wash my bathroom walls today though so, give and take lmao
Lost intetest at 1:47.
Adderall is not meth and it’s dangerous to push that narrative
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7dFUxVX9eq4OX80P5FwsDA
The Vyvanse thing is spot on just moved to college and I either get all my homework done in 3 hours or I play binding of Isaac for 9 hours straight and I have my first meal at 6:30 pm like I did today
I tried to be medicated. But it just didn't work for one, very specific reason  I couldn't remember to take them at 7:00 in the morning before I left for school. So my body got used to not having it so when I started taking them again I felt sick
One thing that nobody tells ppl with ADHD is that the meds themselves will not do the hard work, they'll just help on a specific tasks. You still need to have discipline and structure and it sucks
My personal experience with ADHD is like this metaphor I came up with on a whim:   You’re in a truck on a freeway. You can go either fast or slow.   If you go slow, you’ll be weaving from lane to lane, whenever you want (whenever you don’t want, too, but you’re going nowhere fast.   If you’re going fast, you’re getting places, but it’s tough to steer while speeding, so don’t expect to change the subject anytime soon.   For me, Adderall is like putting a brick on the accelerator and cutting the brakes.  You’ll be moving real fast, but it takes a ton of finesse to move between lanes without overshooting, so you gotta either be in the right lane when it happens or you better get good at changing lanes under the pressure. At least, if you’re me.
Even worse when you exhibit all the ADHD symptoms but you have a confirmed cardiac issue and take medication for it. I have almost no avenue to pursue relief from all the symptoms described exactly like in the video except for OTC supplements like Q10, NAC and very small doses of caffeine.
I had anxiety when I was on vivance but I was able to watch 8 different movies at once and know what was happening but if I thought about death or anything I would hyper focus on the topic of death but cause there is no answer I would end up giving myself an anxiety attack and that happened alot
I’ve been taking Vyvanse for a while and I may have felt the shortness of breath before but just classed it with my asthma
I had to go see a “performance doctor” where you pay cash to get scripts for adderal, steroids, ozempic, and the like, as I live in a very methy area and no primary care physician will prescribe it around here. It’s basically changed my life. I work out or do yoga every day, work doesn’t suck as bad, and I’m far more emotionally regulated compared to myself on any medication I’ve tried in the past. It may not be everyone’s cup of tea, but it probably saved me from sending .45 through my dome.
._.
Literally i am supposed to be doing school work right now, and just realized im watching this video not doing my work. and now im typing a comment. but i gotta watch the video so i can finish it. but true
Does that cow video exist though? 0:46
I didn’t know there was multiple medication for adhd. My medcin help me focus a lot when im studying or doing homework. Only problem is it give me depression and suicidal thoughts when I take slightly too much of it. Yay👍
I've had decent results with a small dose of kratom on days that I need to be productive.
This happened to me. When I started taking them, I was doing better at focusing, I just wasn't able to think about how to solve the problem. And after a couple months through, weird stuff started happening to my body
what’s the song from the beginning of the video
I'm mad you stopped the polish cow
I had the same results on Elvanse (same ingredients, different brand name). I switched over to another version of Ritalin (Methylphenidate) and also changed over to the short release tablets. This allowed me to control the dosages through the day and it was never as intense. My heart rate was much slower and my blood pressure went back to normal. Ritalin may not work for you, but it’s worth trying a few to see which does work for you. Also…. Never lie to you doctor 😝
Too bad I can't afford healthcare
Not me procrastinating a project while watching this...
Mine had cocaine. I stopped taking it as i do not need to pay thousands of dollars to not eat.
I feel you with the spaceflight researching stuff, I was bored in class and browsed Wikipedia, which led me to a 56 page user manual for some lunar lander instead of what I was supposed to do.
i take adderall for adhd. it basically just fixes all my problems...with one side effect. i feel baked out of my mind and my personality is affected too. ive significantly reduced the frequency of when i take my meds cause i just don't want to be high all the time. it's a trade off for me and sometimes im just willing to accept it
Tbh after watching this my immediate thought was that the meds aren't the issue. 5mg is really tiny and diffrent doses have diffrent effects. Expecting meds to change your attitude towards doing stuff is kinda stupid. It will allow you  to focus but what you do with that is your decision. This vid is probably a simplified version of what happened irl but that's just my opinion.
oh my god i’ve taken tyvense (idk why they localised the name like that ngl) for like two years now and you described it so well. the focusing really well on the wrong task part is so fucking real
Gosh your friend is dumb regarding Vyvanse.   Both it and Adderall are Amphetamine, one is just a blend of Dextro and Levo (Adderall) and the other is straight Dextro (Vyvanse; bound to lysine)  You can stop taking those meds whenever, by the way. They're just stimulants, worst that'll happen is you feel exhausted for a day or two.
Almsot like medications just drone out the problem not fix it. There are things that are broken and need to be fixed if that is your entire life better first to figure out if there is anything wrong at all...
It's very clear you need to combine Adderall with the second medication.
Bc ADHD is a spectrum, depending on how bad it is or if you're high functioning like me, caffeine can be a perfect stimulant,. However it va  Wait, wtf was i gonna type?
Dosage is very important. Being locked in on a single thing all day is not the experience you should get from your meds. That sounds like being really freaking high actually. There are slow release stimulants, that's what I'm on. That might be something to look into. Also different drugs have different effects on different people. Don't stop after trying a single stimulant at a single dose. Be patient. Start at low doses. Have frequent meetings with your medical professional.
I don't know who is suffering from ADHD..well I am sure I am not one of them..I have had a student who suffers from it and she was way to hard to handle online. It was very hard for mother as well to tackle with the child.
I started feeling like I was having panic attacks on Vyvanse around the same time that my pharmacy ran out and could not fill my prescription due to supply issues. I freaked out for about two days but everything turned out okay after a week or so. I feel more like “myself” if it makes any sense. I have a stash of 5mg adderall that I had leftover that I’ve been taking to help out here and there but I think eventually I would like to do without.  Talking to my psych we realized that my issue was more around executive function rather than attention. To this end she put me on a medication called Qelbree that has been really helpful. If you have ADHD and your biggest issue is continuing a task after being distracted by something else talk to your doctor about this medication!
For me I learned a lot about ADHD after being diagnosed. I learned  how to listen to someone talk or write an essay its patience not focus.
Is there a full length video of the cow at the start
Yesss! Let's make more content and spread the information of the use of psych meds! It helps for a lot of people with stigma or if they're newbies or scared with meds! I was like nono meds for s long time then i got medicated out of urgency, and my life became SOOO MUCH better. Like, I wanted to live??? I could do stuff??? I could SLEEP NORMALLY, regained appetite, and anxiety wasn't a daily feeling. It's just a matter of getting to know ur meds and yourself
I was diagnosed like… 7 years ago, and I'm still changing meds until this very day. The fact is that I also have anxiety and depression that is a very common ADHD combo, so every time I change a med, BOOOM, everything has to change. And also something very interesting, I sometimes take a med, it doesn't work well, I change. Years later I take that med again, and boom, perfection. I have inattentive ADHD, and I'm in vet uni, so I can't have the luxury to be without meds and go with the dopamine for now. But some things I noticed with the years is that: Constant out of breath feeling? Check your anxiety. Even tho you're not diagnosed with it, anxiety is more part of our lives in a general basis then it is to neurotypical people, specially when you feel that the fucking med is not doing its job, the anxiety kicks in, and as we know that the med also makes us more energetic, energy+anxiety is not a good combo. Another thing is that changing meds from time to time actually helped me, because of the new formula. Like when you change your hair products, the following days It's like you just got out of the hairdresser, but once your hair is used to it, we're back to the normal. OBVIOUSLY that's my experience with my ADHD and my need to take the medicine because my ADHD is really bad. But I'm sure that once not taking them is doable, this shit is going to be thrown out of my window, do a spin and right into the garbage. Meds help but do not erase our ADHD, and as much our ADHD is unique, so is the medicine that works for you at that very moment of your life, and the choice to not take it.
The first time i took ritalin i studied 6hours for an exam that was due in 3 weeks for the first time in my life at 21. That blew my mind in such a way that now I'm studying neuroscience .
Hello. I’m a recovered ADHD. I have now got super focus. I can stay focused on 3-5 tasks simultaneously and switch between or operate all of them.  This is actually extremely productive and useful.  I started this journey to focus by counting in the shower. Count to 120 and keep track of how many 120’s you’ve counted to. You are now tracking 2 tasks. Then at some point you get bored of this task and start trying to count 89 90 91 while also counting a separate set of numbers 27 28 29. So you are effectively holding a pattern in your mind which is advancing at the same tome you’re focusing on a second count, and tracking the first pattern over a span of time.  Then you get bored and start singing while doing these 3 tasks.  Then you get bored and start singing aloud one song, in your head, another song, and while patterning a count, focusing on a count, and tracking the pattern count. And at this point, you can comfortably hold 3 tasks in the background without needing “focus “ AND are able to focus ACTUALLY FOCUS on another 2 tasks if needed.  Or you could just try carrying a fucking notebook in your pocket.
It’s better to live with it and learn to deal with it your own way than to chemically alter you’re brain and induce other dysfunctions
I used to take Concerta untill i was 18... stopped on my birthday, and honestly no clue if that was a good or bad idea...  my ADHD lately is unhinged as fuck, and my life's absolutely a mess... sooo yeah
The staring at someone while they talk to you and after a minute you ask “Sorry could you repeat that? I didn’t hear” because your brain blanks out and they just look at you like are you fking kidding me? It’s the worst 😂
I have a combine ADHD and while watching this video, at some point i have to replay to really listen to what is going on @@
DAMN you put allot of Stuff into words. Makes me really wonder what being "normal" feels like. and also my issues with my meds.... damn now i need to go back to my Doc.
-is it covid? - no - I am not sure what it is….. you owe me $350
I know this is a cartoon and you're trying to keep the topic light and entertaining but I still feel the need to state 1. Adderall, ritalin & other stimulant medication perscribed to people with ADHD is chemically different from meth / amphetamines and also doesn't effect the ADHD brain the same way amphetamines do to non-nurodivergent people. 2. Comparing stimulant medication to illicit drugs is very ableistand stigmatising language even when others with ADHD are saying it.
What was that song in the beginning called????
This is so accurate..
Wish i could use the meds but it makes my nerve pain worse. I struggle without them. Its been 6 years and i cant get a grasp on my life like i used to. Wish there were options that arent stimulants.
As a medical provider with ADHD I started watching and cringing every time something was done wrong or explained wrong… so only like 2 or 3 times. Not bad.
Strattera. Not Meth. Good combination of focus and willpower.
Cognitive behavioral therapy is equally effective as meds with ADHD, and the effects stack when taken along side meds. Look into it. It’s helped me so much
Same, ADHD sucks sometimes.
I thought that aderal was mainly used for performance. I don`t know what anything containing amphetamin is healthy for if taken daily. Maybe use it only if you have to focus against all ods. Thats how I heard the students on college are doing it.
That's exactly my expierence with adhd meds. People have suggested things that aren't stimulants but I haven't quite built up trust again. When I tried my parents forced me to take them for 10 years. And I've built up quite a resentment to meds and doctors in general. For me the worst part about being on these was the weight loss and the emotional dysregulation. I know they really help some people but not me.
You video actualy helped me in finding the medication that fit me! The pills i took before watching this didnt work very well, after hearing how your pills worked i tried them and they worked great! (For me ofc sorry you had to have a bad experience)👍
bro vyvanse just makes you focus but on the randomest things ever i swear
I once took ritalin and it gave me the hardest Anxiety i ever had.  Horrible Stuff for me.
Dont know if you'll see this but have you tried boredom? Sit down for 5-10 doing absolutely nothing till you're bored then try to start the task. Perform this as many times as necessary to get you started on the task. the focus should be greater. Got this info from one of Healthygamergg's videos. Basically your brain deems the important task as boring which doesnt release a lot of dopamine whereas the random and easy task is a quick dopamine hit and the brain wants more of it. Sitting still makes your dopamine levels reduce to the level of the important taskso now you can get it done.
Holy shit Ive been having the same problem with adderall and I’ve just realized it. Fuuuuuuck.
This was so funny 😂 I can relate
According to the person that handles my medication for what I call "the brain things" AKA my anxiety depression ADHD and anything else I end up diagnosed with most ADHD meds are stimulants which you don't have to take every day and she actually recommended that (unless she said otherwise) if I were to be prescribed a stimulant that I only take it when I need it because with stimulants you can do that but I'm on a nonstimulant which I have to take every day but it's ok if I miss a day as long as it's not to often
I remember when everyone in middle school asked me if I was high all the time years before I ever tried any substance, now I'm 35 and just figuring out my ADHD. It all makes sense 😂
5:23 this made me look up from the YouTube on my phone and see the YouTube on my tv.
4:38 yep that’s true
where free one
yo i use Adderall! Adderall buds
Very relatable
Try ritalin, make sure you eat beforehand or you'll feel empty inside, hollow, and like an anxious robot. Once you're full, you can multitask, get your shit done and both use your brain and your body. Though you want to use it in modernity and preferably early in the day. Its hard to sleep within 5-6 hours of taking it.
I've tried a ton of adhd meds and all have had bad side effects and mid main effects. What does appear to be working now are two supplements: American Ginseng and Sun L-Theanine.
My main take away on this is that we should not see meds as a way to easily solve ADHD-related problems in our life with 100% guaranteed accuracy. Meds are just a tool that can help you in some situations and work against you in others. Good luck with your journey 🔥
I have ADHD and my doctor prescribed atomoxetine (Strattera). It helps a lot, but I have to wait almost haaaaaaaaaalf a year for the real effect…
vyvanse is pretty good, but have been building up a tolerance to it
I am not distracted if I'm doing what I like to do I get distracted if I'm doing something that I have to do Or more often than not, don't do the task entirely lol  If somethings got my interest, I'll watch it throughly, like this video. Or movies I like. Or a book The problem with that is; Since I don't know everything and anything at once, I cannot tell if I like something before I do them. This is causing me to recoil and not take action. I'll go off with movies again; There are tons of classics that I've haven't seen yet because I am just unable to do what I do not like. I would like them if I did but instead I watch 2004 Spongebob movie for the 1927th time because I know I like it.  This is probably dopamine addiction doing allat, and it cost me my university career really. I didn't even go to school properly after covid. Thankfully I got a second chance but what sucks is that it's like I didn't learn anything and continue not studying. Even though I know for a fact that it'll utterly ruin my future.
Tried 8-9 different adhd meds over the course of 7 and a half years, every one of them made me feel like a husk of myself, and because every adhd med is a stimulant close to meth besides stratera I now have an essential tremor that I’ll have for the rest of my life. I always tell people adhd is a superpower and you should really consider living life naturally instead of trying to be “normal” on meds.
I'm suspected audhd, and one of the things I related to the most was the explanation of "imagine having all the thoughts, all at once, but also all at the same volume". It sounded suspiciously similar to the way I explained my thought process to my mother as "Imagine your train of thought is actually five trains. Some are longer, some are half a train, but they're all chugging on all at once. Some trains make multiple stops. Some are behind schedule. Some tracks cross, and sometimes the traind crash into each other."
Where can I find that cow video
1:16-1:33 I love the gleeful "Why wonder? Let's find out!"
I struggle so much with motivation and boredom, which is a huge root of my attention issues. That and my internalized hyperactivity. Starting meds soon.
Heres ADHD for you guys AAAAAA WHY I SHOULD HAVE KILLED HIM I HIT A DIRRECT- Oh who knew that doesnt work in this game
I got off stimulants for adhd I got on guafazine
Wow this has been my exact same experience with medication except for severe adverse side effects
My psych gave me a too high dose of Vyvanse, it was really bad. Switched back to Concerta, which seems to be a good compromise 🤷‍♂
therapy and shrooms
P.R.O.D.U.C.T.I.V.E
From someone that has just (very happily) switched from Concerta to Vyvanse I just want to note that most people will have a preference for either methylphenidate (Ritalin/Concerta) OR amphetamine (Adderall/Vyvanse). Mr. Sandwich unfortunately only tried amphetamine and it’s very likely that methylphenidate (or a non-stimulant like atomoxetine) would have given very different and much better results. So it is worth talking with your psychiatrist about changing medications if one is not giving good results.   Lastly, if you feel shortness of breath on either of these medications that’s a serious, dangerous side effect and you need to contact a doctor immediately.
The volume is low
Love being off meds. My inner mono is my best homie sometimes
I used to have medicine not anymore but I I probably should get back on it I’m not getting high grades
How accurate is this...😮
The week after I adhd meds I got a promotion at work because of how zoomie i was. very fun. (I was also jacked up on caffeine and would crash so hard after my shift that I would fall asleep the second I got home then woke up the next morning for my shift… every day for like 3 months) fun times jsmsjskskc
This reminded me to take my ADHD meds (I have been taken them for 10+ years and without them, I would have died in 300 traffic accidents).
Best video ever about ADHD!! Thank you 🙏🏼
Man that clip at 1:35 got me so hard, i am dying 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I have it and also have had bad experiences with meds, the first kind i took ( i dont remember what kind ) helped me focus alot but had alot of bad side effects on my diet, firstly after i took my pill I IMMEDIATELY HAD OT EAY SOMTHING OTHERWISE IT FELT LIKE MY STOMACH WAS MELTING AND MADE ME FEEL LIKE I WAS GONNA PROJECTILE VOMIT, 2  it just MASSACRED MY APPETITE to  a very unhealthy extreme, im talking like skipping lunch ENTIRELY, i also just felt bad, just like i was sick  throughout the day, my wieght RAPIDLY DROPPED to the point my doctor was concerned i was eating at all. Thankfully i found a new medication that doesnt have these effects and works like a charm!
Guys I don't want to sound like a hippie but meditation has done it for me. Well, at least in 2017. Focused, motivated to do stuff, concentrated doing those same stuff and then COVID hit and I got back to weed (sad me). Now I am trying to get back in to meditation (also meditation has helped me get off from weed) like I used to so I can finally SILENCE THE 6 TRUMPETS in my mind. Wish you all well. Oh yeah, don't do drugs.
what does weed there ? any help ? makes it worse ?
Yeah way back when I was a smol I would be super hyper. I've grown out of it now, but I still lack focus and my thoughts will just die or infinitely overlap. Pretty much devolved into ADD. I never liked my meds because I would get quite a bit of focus BUT I would be extremely depressed until they wore off. As such I would become unmotivated and just wanted to either A: Go sleep, at the time I DESPISED naps. or B: Quite literally anything else. We tried a plethora of other meds and lowered the dosages from I think it was 20-50mg to 10 but none of them didn't and still don't not make me depressed.
yeah uh, I mean.... yup. ha!
Medicals will always disturb ur balance so better not than well i used concerta i felt like my jeart beated out of my chest but it was only 36mg and she said ur heavy this is the amount i give ti kids to syea
Adhd can affect ur life in a negative way please consider medicine uf adhd affects ur relationships and financial life and consult a professional only be honest with ur therapist or phychiatrist u can also get a free counselor
A bless and a curse at the same time
Vyvanse was terrible for me - it just resulted in a daze and lethargy at various doses (I believe this is due to the way it's processed in the body being so dependent upon an individual's digestive tract and ability to separate the lisdexamphetamine into its constituent dextroamphetamine and lysine molecules). Adderall, on the other hand, has been amazing. Not without side-effects but very little else will allow me to get through a whole day with not only focus but ability to switch between tasks.
I’ve found it’s important to be doing the right task when the meds kick in
Sounds like America needs to lower the doses they prescribe.  Like im literally on 20mg Vyvanse I started on 20 went to 30 then 40, back to 30, then down to 20.  Whilst americans be doing 80mg as toddlers 💀💀💀💀
I hate adhd I’m unmedicated because adderall acts weird with my body 0:56 0:57
Vyvanse is the same amphetamine as Adderall, it's just lysinated so it takes longer to break down
Did I catch "what is the heat death of the universe?" in amongst that at around 1:22
The fact I can barely follow along with the video confirms that yeah, should probably start taking my concerta again LMAO
I have adhd so lemme explain briefly:  This is just one of the symptoms.  So adhd is a neurological disorder where the human brain doesn’t release enough dopamine, dopamine is a chemical that triggers adrenaline or happiness so that’s why ppl whit adhd always want to do smth bc there brains don’t release dopamine correctly so when they’re having fun they’ll be happy for like 3 minutes then they get bored again so that’s why we always want to do smth. But normal ppl who release dopamine correctly so when they go on a roller coaster or smth they’re happy and satisfied for 1-2hrs.  I rushed this so pls no help But I hope this helped lol
I had the same issue when I was taking meds for ADHD and I just stopped taking my meds when I was young and just kinda worked things out over time. But I wonder what today's med's would do now for me
4:46 the fun thing is that vyvanse is also meth, well amphetamine, adderal is whats called dexamphetamine, works very similar to meth, a central nervous system stimulant, well vyvanse is LISdexamphetamine, which is basically a different compound that is slowly converted to Dexamphetamine through out the day so theyre both meth, or speed more accuratly.  if your curious about non amphetamine alternatives methlyphenidate (ritalin, concerta) and Atomoxetine (Strattera) are both not amphetamines, methlyphenidate is also a central nevrous system stimulant though, and atomoxetine is a selective norepinephrine uptake inhibitor
Its good to have adhd. Learn to thrive in its chaos. Ngl its fun.
Added to watch later (I’m not medicated)
My ADHD is so bad that I paused this video 3-4 times before I finished it, which might not sound *especially* bad, but it took me a whole two days.
My docter gave me the wrong dosage when I was a kid and I was a zombie for a month
I had to really work on this by forcing myself to do one task at a time. It's a muscle you have to work. When you don't wanna is when you have to, but give yourself some grace
If you’re interested, there are short term medications that work similarly to vyvanse that don’t last as long but they take less time to kick in. I’ve found these useful because it’s much easier to stay focused without medication for about half an hour while you wait for it to kick in instead of a full hour or two.
I dont have ADHD (probably, no idea, never tested for it O_O) but "dont get too tunnel visioned on results" just sounds like pretty good life advice for most things honestly. love your videos as always man
this is polish song - "5 gram" - about drug addiction of out former prime minister 😅
I was diagnosed with adhd when I was 10. Parents put me on medication I don't remember what medication but I think it was Adderall. Anyways something else to note when I was a kid I had a severe distain/disgust for anything you can get addicted to. That included pills. I also never took medicine when I was sick. So my ADHD brain thinking I'm forced to take this medication just went wild. Instead of giving me focus or rather I should say it did give me focus but it made me focus on only negative things. So I turned into a 10 year old demon. What made my parents take me of was that my mom wanted to take away my phone that I bought with my own money away so I snapped in the super market screamed and smashed it on the floor so that no one can have it. I was grounded and then in anger I banged my head against a wall till I started bleeding.  My parents never tried medicating me again and even kept me being adhd positive a secret in fear of me seeking medication.
I can help with audio mixing. sounds kinda quiet.
I can't believe that we're not going to see how that dancing cow video ends!
I think Adderall would really help me. My brain doesn't need the second med mentioned (Vyvanse was it?) because it seems to be on it like all freaking time. Something just catches my focus and it won't break for hours and hours and I realize I did nothing bu the one interesting thing for the whole day. But I seriously struggle with getting stuff done. Like, I think "I need to launch my washing machine" but by the time I get to the bathroom I totally forget about the washing machine, take a pee and go back to my computer or leave for work. The worst thing is I set alarms reminding me to do stuff but when the alarm sets off I just make it silent thinking "yeah, I will do it in five minutes" and it doesn't ever get done...
The adhd medications destroyed my social life in middle school.  Am not going into details.  Taking them was the worst thing that ever happened to me.  Stop giving drugs to children.
I was so lucky that the first meds I was put on worked and the only negative side effects I've experienced are dry mouth, dissociation, fatigue, and insomnia, but they only happen when I take the wrong dose or don't take them properly (e.g., I skip a few days, I have fresh orange juice with them, or I don't eat when I take them). I also live in the UK and have other prescriptions so I only have to pay roughly £11 (~$14) a month to pick them up every 28 days, which works great cause then I don't run out (even if I request the script a couple days late). I'm also in my last year of a Psychology degree, specialising in neurodevelopmental disorders, so I know a decent amount about how they should work and other options I have if I stop being able to have them. I always recommended people who have an ADHD diagnosis to at least try meds cause sometimes they just work, and if they don't at least you know you're still doing your best :)
Bro casually just explained my life…. Isn’t it weird how alike we adhders are…. I grew up thinking i was quirky but there are people out there like me bruh
I'll never give anyone in my family meth.
guh
Tylko jedno w glowie mam koksu 5 gram
Subscribed because of this video
Vyvanse. Literally made all my hair fall out. Had to stop taking it and all my hair came back haha
Exercise is so good for ADHD that I'd suggest using the meds to build the habit even if they're not otherwise great for you.
one of the active ingredients of my ADHD meds is just coffein
Sounds like you over dramatized a trivial matter and resorted to taking drugs and not even the good kind either lul
Medication can be a powerful tool, for better or for worse.
As a pharmacist (who also has ADHD) your description of Adderall vs Vyvanse is.... not really accurate 😅Vyvanse is essentially just longer acting/slower release Adderall. It gets broken down by your body into Adderall, hence it takes longer to kick in. It doesn't have any magical effects that make it better for intellectual focus vs physical tasks.
That dancing cow meme is about drugs and suicide
He’s so cute wtf 😩
I'm sorry; I'm not watching another fucking nord ad
I’ve never been medicated so can’t relate
This one was quite touching, Taking Concerta when i was in my early teens to describe the feeling was like being a robot, a whole lot of nothing and quietness with very low energy. but its interesting to see others reactions to certain medications since adhd is still a daily struggle.
Woah, I just realized I also ha
Adderall isn't meth. It's amphetamine/dextroamphetamine, not methamphetamine...  15mg a day seems to help me massively. I work as a software engineer and can focus no problem.
I took Ritalin and it felt good. Too good. So I started taking it because it felt good. And then it had side effects of making me very tired. So I stopped. Now I am back to square 1 where it takes me 5 hours to start a task that takes 30 minutes to complete.
All this sounds a lot like a bit of a bad approach to ADHD management. Ideally you'd combine the meds with (behavioral) therapy. A somewhat apt comparison might be: the meds are like glasses for someone who's shortsighted. The glasses don't enable you to read (get things done), but they allow you to see the letters at least. The therapy should then help you make habits of behaviors that will enable you to get things done, with the meds kinda being there as training wheels when you have bad days or a challenging environment. I'm kinda mixing the metaphors here. But hey. I'm not on my meds XD
Also, to everyone freaked out about the meth thing. Adderall is in fact meth, though in drastically lower doses then what illegitimate user usually take. In civilized parts of the world (not the US) Adderall is only ever indicated as a second line treatment for ADHD, and should only be prescribed if other forms of treatment don't show the desired effects.  Methylphenidate (Ritalin, Concerta) is NOT meth. They're not even close chemically, and Methylphenidate is considered a lot safer, with drastically lower rates of addiction (basically zero on the slow acting, retarded versions), negligible neurotoxicity, and generally milder side effects. It's pretty worrisome to hear how someone with that diagnosis would be given Adderall as a first line of treatment. My diagnosis took a long time (too long), however, it was very thorough. I had multiple (6) sessions with a professional trained specifically on ADHD diagnosis, plus computer based testing to figure out my exact type of ADHD. Additionally I had a complete bloodwork done, blood pressure, weight - basically everything was checked before I got my first pills. My experience with ADHD medication (Ritalin) have been very good, and completely free of charge - God bless the German healthcare system.
I dint have adhd but i am watching 2 youtube videos while waiting for my online classes to load so having to do several things at once is so relatable
Ahad is a mofo for doing art. U have 100 almost finished paintings. 0 complete
I got diagnosed with ADHD last year at 33 yo. and got access to Methylphenidate (Ritalin). Holy smokes was that a life changer. I'd never even know just how real focus actually feels like.
Meds ain't worth it. You are how you are
Same drug, one is a pro-drug with protein attached to the amp salt, that makes it safe and impossible to OD... same drug...same drug
I'm glad they didn't put you on Concerta, that's what I was on for ADD and let me tell you it has some VERY serious adverse effects. Its been pulled from shelves now
Adderall makes me able to continue doing boring things, and the best surprise: not be annoyed by little things. I didn't even realize that I was annoyed by little things until I wasn't.  I tried vyvanse made me feel angry, really not a good feeling, just angry for no particular reason.
im on meds since 2 weeks and it helped me alot. Im more Focused on what im doing and even my whole talk pattern has calmed down and has gotten sharper more direct.  Im grateful about the help my Psychaitrist has offered me.  Im also that emotional Vulnerable anymore and can also relax even in `Vulnerable` moments.  Its not the It fixes all in my Life meds but now i can tackle my challenges finally myself.
i’m watching your in video ad, really good job i’m not even skipping it
Fuck. Im undaignosed and want to be checked but this just confirms it
Me trying to concentrate on this video buuuttt… Polish cow 🐄 🎉
Why are you not supposed to just stop taking them? 👀👀 I take them when I think I’ll need them
I take adderall and Vyvance together. My psychiatrist is an adhd specialist 🤷‍♀️
Yeah the meds help me do the things I want to do but I still don’t finish even those
I use Dextroamphetamine.
I had the same experience, been subscribed adderall since i was 12. I'm 24 now and still on them but only take it every 2-3 days, taking them everyday is very bad for your health and can give you headaches like you described (happened to me). Make sure you eat even if you have to force it down BEFORE taking your meds as not eating can also cause headaches.
CBD has done wonders for me. It’s like the ADHD doesn’t necessarily go away but it slows way down and becomes manageable. My thoughts have more clarity and it’s a easier to refocus if I get distracted.
I hated vivance. Shit made me feel like a robot and it was a problem 😅
I was watching fool me once on my PC and it's paused and I'm watching this video and then I paused this video to write this comment lmao
Justice for Lappy.
ADHD here- it sounds like you were having increased anxiety with the second med. That constant breathlessness is what having a panic attack feels like.  It can sometimes take 2-3 weeks for your body to fully adapt to medication. It’s not as simple as like Tylenol or Motrin which just work- psych meds take time for the body to adjust to, for your brain to adjust to as as they alter your neurochemistry. I’ve tried multiple different medications because I knew I needed to treat my ADHD, and I was prepared to go through the side effects in order to find the right one. Ultimately concerta was perfect for me, it didn’t mess with my anxiety and I felt like a normal human with the ability to read a page in a book without losing my absolute mind.  But- sometimes medications just aren’t for people. In that case- I recommend exercising through running in the morning. It’s almost like letting your lizard brain have its physical activity so you can just let your human brain have the rest of the day- if that makes sense
I’m a Vyvanse user and it has truly saved me. I’m using it for work and I’m currently studying Mandarin Chinese.
„Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu pięć gram…”😅🎶🎧
I'm autistic, a lot of the same symptoms occur, and the drugs didn't really help. But I had these symptoms. Whenever it hit, that's what I did for 12 hours.
frack, this hits SO CLOSE to home for me
Is anyone else a fan of popular neurologist Andrew Huberman? He's got quite a few episodes on both ADHD and focus.  I'm a huge fan of some of his behavioral and OTC supplementary aids, and it's all backed ny research.
Real Food🍛 & LOTS of water🚰 & TIME🕑 Give each med time and sustain your body it makes a world of a difference!
HEY Dude with young voice... Some things to say are right, but if you stop the medication you will suffer for more than a year. 2.) 50% of ADHD patients have Autism spectrum disorder  Around +30% ADHD🧍‍♂️ will get early onset Parkinson's! (It's also a dopamine degenerative disorder often adhd is a syntome of it.)   And these "speed-medicines" you take now. Make it all worse.  I got crazy when I know kids getting also 💎Meth (Desoxin 5mg 💊 are CrystalM!) bon appetite. Ritalin is also extremely strong but less dangerous but same side effects. Adderall is just normal Speed. Elvanse/vyvanse = mirrored&connected  speed(stronger). Side effects who cares.   I took dose meds for +10 Years! I'm at least I'm good in biochemistry but I will die soon. No joke.  Your Dr. HOCH- STAPELNDERSTAPLER.
guh
I most likely have ADHD, me, my family, my therapist, litterally everyone thinks I have it, and if I am diagnosed, my therapist wants me to go on meds, and there is one reason I am terrified to use them, losing all my creativity forever. My shows I have in my head mean so much to me.
Ok I’m only 20 seconds into this video, but does anyone know where I can find the cow video at the beginning…..asking for a friend
Conserta is good
DEXADRINE IS THE MOTHER DRUG ITS THE THING THAT MADE ME SMART NOW IM A FORREST GUMP WITH A OVER ACTIVE BRAIN NEED DEXADRINE...
Try the Wim Hof breathing technique and a cold water shower before trying to learn or do a task and thank me later.
adderall is not meth... it consists of amphetamine salts, but none of them are meth. it's like saying you shouldnt drink apple juice because it's cider and you can get drunk
Having adhd is wild
My adhd lives buying stupid shit😂
Meditation! Although really hard to master the thoughtless hurdle with ADHD, once you get it down it can work wonders
Can't even watch this video...😄🔫             Just joking
What's the song at the beginning ?
I need cow video
i take Vyvanse and he described it so well but it actually works for me...
In the Netherlands they just give you Dextroamphetamine and ritalin. thats it and yes maybe lisdex.
goes back in time to before there was a nail in the laptop.... (the power of capturing moments of time and being able to rewind them is amazing, I'll watch the rest of the video in a bit)
This kinda convinced me to try adhd meds. My issue is that I think of a million things to do and I get overwhelmed on which one to start with, and then end up doing none of them, and it seems like that’s what they help with
2:23-2:49 POV me in college. I haven't gotten diagnosed with ADHD but every test I've taken, I had some-most of the symptoms ._.
Please y'all, understand that everyone responds differently and that there are a lot of options. If you can't deal with meds, you might need to focus more on behavioral support. Or you might try meds and suddenly find yourself functional for the first time in your life and never have a bad side effect. Personally I love my Vyvanse--it took like a year to find the right drug and get the dosage correct, but all of a sudden I'm finally digging myself out of the horrible life-consuming pit that ADHD has had me in for 30 years.  Also don't be scared by the fact that Adderall is chemically pretty close to meth. That's _true_ but you're using it in therapeutic doses designed to treat an issue with your brain. It's not the same as a neurotypical person just doing whatever's available on the street.
In true ADHD fashion, I clicked off this video after one minute to look at another one. Currently have 20 tabs open.
Can we have a 8  hour loop of the cow video at the beginning.. yes I have ADD.
The meds I took made me a zombie. Extremally efficient and productive but no capability of proper social interaction or appetite at all. Had a huge fight with my folks second year of high school because I hated them but they made me take them. Result, I stopped taking them but my grades tanked and I became one of the most annoying little shits to ever exist because I had never experienced life off meds and I had to learn from square one. Now in my mid 20s I hate medication of any kind (get those pills away from me it's just a cold I'll be fine) and I still struggle on social interaction but I get better each day. I think the worse part of it all is I am hyper aware of things I shouldn't do or say as I do them and I am super hard and demeaning to myself. At least I can weaponize my hyper focus at work when something even slightly interests me.
As someone who's been getting treated for Combined ADHD for a year and after learning about ADHD for over a year before the diagnosis, I would like to add that Adderall is *NOT METH,* nor is it like it. Meth and Adderall are both amphetamines, aka stimulants. What else is a stimulant? Caffeine, which is the mostly widely-used drug, and is certainly not meth. Adderall is perfectly safe and, in many cases, can decrease cardiovascular stress via weight loss.
I have ADHD and watching this video helpwhy is my phone protection cover so yellowish now. It was transparent when I bought it. I need to change it, but before I'm going to read about why transparent covers get yellow over time.
If you'd like to know what having autism is like his experience of taking Vyvanse and then just completely hyperfocusing and fixating on spaceflight is how our brain works
Adhd it’s complicated cuz almost always has a comorbidity an example like mine, anxiety and substance dependence so it’s hard to find and u need a coach sometimes 😅 I still have no problems with methylphenidate but in my case I wasn’t able to be functional it’s feel like shit have to pay to feel pseudo normal 😢fuck my brain 😅
I started off using a low dose Adderall but it just didn’t seem to do anything. I then moved to Vivance and I had the same reaction you had, MAJOR FOCUS but with little energy. I went back to Adderall with a slightly higher dosage and it’s PERFECT
I did the exact same thing as the end of the vid. My meds stifled my appetite so much that I was skin and bones, I would forget to eat for the whole day sometimes. My psych was like why tf didnt you tell me about this??? I just waited until I was literally falling apart. Why do we do this? Extreme procrastination??
I was given ritalin from a very young age and that shit is bad cause it just kills are you emotions and sucks out your apatite and i was on a high dosage as well it was 40mg which was the max dosage tbh some doctors are good but some just give medication cause they hear the same symptoms
The absolutely most important thing you can do as someone with ADHD is to deeply and fully learn about your condition and how it might affect every single aspect of your life. I realized a lot of things I hated about myself and a lot of things others claimed were just excuses were in fact, due to my ADHD. So, I decided to stand up for myself more and set boundaries.
i dont have adhd but alot of my close friends do, and my brother has add. i found this video because altho im pretty informed about what they feel and go through this was a great explanation. honestly never had fun watching an ad, but the hectic editing gives me a homely feeling as my close friends feel like this video haha.
Confusing and inmaturity with ADHD is hilarious
I think you're just highly impulsive
for me a little indica weed through out the day does magic
Thank you for sharing your personal experience about ADHD and your experience with pharm. I have a better understanding of neurotypical individuals now. This will be useful when I encounter clients
Came for ADHD topic, liked for polish cow
You seem like you need to do better research or have a more informed doctor - sorry for bluntness.  Adderal ≠ meth Adderall = amphetamine Vyvanse = amphetamine + lysine  Taking breaks is beneficial, no tapering necessary.  Concerta, Ritalin, etc = methylphenidate  Amphetamine = Norepinephrine Dopamine Release Agent, spams the Central Nervous system(CNS) with ‘em.  Methylphenidate = Norepinephrine Dopamine Reuptake Inhibitor, CNS starts vetting crowded with ‘em.  Cocaine and Bath Salts are NDRIs.   Calling Adderall ‘Meth’ is like calling Ritalin ‘Cocaine’.  Ps. The breathing issues may be related to MAOI toxicity. NAC/Glutathione supplements might’ve helped you with that - as well as just eating enough protein.
I had the EXACT same response to Adderall. I'm on Strattera now and that has been the right fit for ME. But I will warn that you might not think it's helping with ADHD symptoms until you miss a dose lol. I forgot to take my meds one morning after a very stressful day/evening, and I noticed my thoughts overlapping and I was very overwhelmed. These meds very much help my anxiety which is nice.  Another warning for people who start it: it sucked for the first two-three weeks. I had horrible insomnia and I didn't feel like myself. I recommend trying meds for a good couple weeks as LONG AS YOU ARE SAFE. If I chose to stop taking them because of my insomnia and feeling like a zombie I wouldn't have figured out it worked!
Vyvanse is literally Lisdexamfetamine , adderall is dextroamphetamine. They are both chemically similar to meth, but they are not meth. Vyvanse is closer to adderall than adderall is to meth
I have adhd so true keep the good work up
that maybe sounds stupid .. but some friends (who got diagnosed with adhd) told me that i probably have it .. but im super unsure .. despite everything speaking for it .. if i talk to someone and its an intresting talk i can follow no problem and probably remember the talk three years later as well. If someone talks to me while im thinking about another problem .. wiped, like no actual memory at all. I always feel like an idiot but the best way to describe it would be that i actually feel physicly disgusted when i try to do something that i dont want .. i had to quit my first job i ever did cause at some point the thought alone of going to work and doing the same loop of work made me so sick to my stomach that i started to vomit everyday, which in itself is weird cause the second i was at work doing it .. its like the thought alone never existed cause im doing something right now and focused on something .. but it hit me right after getting out of work again which makes me sound batshit crazy ._.  As a kid i also noticed that my brain has like a timeskip button. If i knew that i would have to wait for 2 hours at home cause i locked myself out cause i forgot my key at home .. i would start to walk up and down the entrance and count the bricks at the ground and if im lucky i would get so sucked into it that eventually suddenly my mom would stand next to me and ask me wtf i was doing .. which was sometimes hard cause if my brain noticed that i was actually focusing on having to wait instead of the bricks it would feel like eternal hell where those two hours felt like days ..
You're not alone. I had the exact same experience, even though I took one different med, but it sounds exactly the same.
I found your channel by random and immediately subscribed. Just love everything about this channel. The animation. The narration. GOLDEN❤
I have autism (asperger) and ADHD and i swear to God u got the Point 👍
oh god i love it
i'm from poland and i have adhd XDD
Hello everyone, I hope your having a great day so far! I just want to share something quickly with you all that is very important for you to understand. And it is this, that God loved you so very much, that he sent his only begotten Son into the world, not to condemn it, but that through him, all shall be saved, and have errant life, which is, unto all those that believe in his cross, which is his death burial, and resurrection from the dead. He died for you sins on the cross, and was buried, and rose from the dead three days later so that all those who would believe in his sacrifice for the sins of the world, and his death, burial, and resurrection from the dead would be saved, from the eternal separation from him, which is hell, unfortunately. He doesn’t want anyone to go there, because no one is righteous, although many are good, and so good things, because all have sinned and have fallen short of the glory of God, which is his sinless, and perfect nature, which we are guilty of. No one go hope to be in heaven, if they have not believed in Christ, and his cross, because he himself payed for your sins, through his death burial and resurrection from the dead. Jesus was sinless, and perfect for our behalf so that all those who would believe on him, would receive the forgiveness of sins, and the righteousness of God.   The righteousness of God is his sinlessness, and his perfection, without his righteousness, nine can be saved, unless you believe in his Son Jesus Christ, and what he did for you on your behalf. So, it doesn’t matter what you have done in the past, or what you are doing that you know is sin, because God is just and righteous, and is loving and kind, and is generous, and faithful, and true and truthful, and loving enough, and is enough for you.   He is mercy that gives mercy, and righteous that gives righteousness, is good that gives goodness, forgiveness that gives forgiveness. Once and if you decide today to believe on his Son Jesus the righteous, the Christ, love incarnate, who came as a man, in the flesh of man, through birth like all of us, who was God in the flesh, fully God and fully man, if you simply believe on him, and what he did for you on your behalf, then you can be assured, no matter who you are, that you will be with God when you die, no matter what. When you believe in Christ, God the Father sees his son in you, which in turn, he not only sees you only, but his son in you.    So when you believe, you have the righteous of God, and not just yourselves and all the wrong you’ve done. You become like a new creator, a new creation in God. So, no mater what you have done in the past, and are doing right now, all is forgiven in Christ Jesus, he is very merciful, and loving. Life is short guys, but eternity is long, you don’t have all the time that you think you do. So I’ll leave it on that note, I know it was a long read, but to those who have gotten this far, thank you for giving me some of your very precious time, for this is a very important message. And for the thousandth time, I say, all you must do friends, is believe in the cross of Christ, which is, to believe in Christ Jesus, the Son if God and what he did for you on your behalf, which we Christian’s call the gospel, which means good news.   Believe that he died for your sins, and was buried, and rose from the dead, and you will be saved, and you will be in heaven, with God the Father and our Lord Jesus Christ when you die, having eternal rest, and eternal peace, and good pleathers which God shall give to those the have believed. Jesus said himself, blessed is he who has not seen me, and yet believed. Alright! That’s it guys! I know earlier  I said I would leave it in a note but kept typing anyway😅, have a great rest of your day and may God bless you all!
the low key unsub joke at the end, made sub the channel, almost as a reverse order caused by a the laugh on this relatable dyslexia adhd joke   edit: Also your kind of adhd seems a lot like mine. What I think might help is to take some kind of stimulants drug like the adderall(longer take) ritalin(fast take), but just on briefed mission days. And what I'm mean by that, is that we still need to know what to do to make this things work, so that list and "stay organized" videos might help if you actually take the drug to the list you made when the day/time comes.   Sometimes it's hard to do the prep... And unfortunately I don't think that exist any medication to help us pass through this "low dopamine stage of planning to work on high dopamine intake moments" and it sucks. But maybe working on why you get the life out of track first, or acquiring more purpose onto why do what you gotta do, maybe therapy. All the exogenous depression you might be feeling too...
This was a cute video, but ultimately pointless. Thanks for sharing your experience with ADHD medication that didnt work for you, but i feel like you should have kept trying.   That out of breath feeling was probably severe anxiety from taking too much Vyvanse.   That happens.
Concerta er has worked for me
My tip is take a 2 day break every week for adderal
The multiple task issue is me every day. I have a goal, but let me do 200 other things first 😩 I had my first convo with a doctor today and have a follow up next week and hope medication can help me.
idk if I got this on my feed bc I have add or bc I'm polish
whatever you say guess I will... wait what did you say again?
yeah last time i took adderall instead of doing work i started trying to clean out the blemishes on my bedroom wall with a toothbrush which i'm pretty sure is 100% a meth head thing
I went through about 6 different medications and dosages to find what worked for me.   Also, calling Adderall "Meth" is like saying that table salt and bleach are essentially the same because they both have Chlorine.
Aaa omg I've been seeing this video on my timeline so much but only clicked it today and 6:59 HITS HARD I had such a battle getting medication that it was heartbreaking for me to admit they weren't working
6:15 this happened to me with meds (when I was on them) but also with a lot of ADHD challenges in general. It always feels like I can "just do it" if I push just a littttlleee bit more but I just never seem to be able to get that little bit more/that little bit more shows up rarely and is moody and picky as heck in what it wants to do and focus on
I used to take meds called "relatine". Never was it my own intention but doctors just told me I needed it. Yes I am not productive but I felt happy. But after taking the medication when I was younger. I felt increasinly more depressed. I couldn't enjoy a conversation with friends or a game like as if there was a reason to be sad.   I thought this was just me until I forgot to take the pill.. It was gone I could just enjoy everything and since then every day I enjoy my days even though I am not productive at all I get by and learn to deal with the adhd. It will be fine!
From my experience concerta gives me the ability that adderall does and the focus that I've heard Vyvanse gives. Ik not everyone is a fan but its def changed my life
What's the name of the song at the beginning , with the cow video?
Ahh shit, i forgot to unsubscrhey wait a
I got prescribed concerta, which i'm still on at a fairly low dose, and I can put my finger on the change after not taking them and then taking them for a week, but it's very subtle that I got unsure if it was actually having an effect hahha. My doctor recommended me to take occasional breaks without lowering the dose though, idk why, maybe it's to make sure I feel the difference and that it's not making me addicted? I tried it during the holidays but then I started again bc I kept losing track of my thoughts that I was already used to being fixed by then. I'm thinking of bringing it up anyways that I'm unsure about the dose, but we'll see.
My wife has no idea what adhd is like and my marriage would thrive I could get medication.
I remember the medication they gave me it had a side effect of increased aggression and agitation. But hey they did work even if I was bloody irritable almost all day
If you read this and you’re ADHD, PLEASE do not take ADHD medication
I'm an ADHD/aspergers combo. Was medicated in my youth but i chose to cut it off and opt for behavioural therapy. ADHD medication has too many side effects. It's just not worth it imho. I have a degree, and have successfully done several dangerous jobs. I'm wildly successful, but you'd never have guessed if you saw my troubled youth.  Point is, self discipline is a huge element and can replace drugs, but you need to learn it from a teacher aka quality behaviral therapist.
I think Adderall is best because it helps your physical focus whilst still not changing anything about you, so I think that’s best for me.
My first meds were methylphenidate and some other giant pill that I had to take every morning
I'm so sorry, I couldn't pay attention and now I'm watching something else
I got my medication recently, it works
I need to know that cow song
I am personally lost as well
As someone with ADHD, meds are not supposed to be prescribed without supporting behavioural therapy, otherwise you do exactly what you did and can't willingly direct your focus to what you need.  Dex works amazingly for me, Vyvanse also gave me a headache and I was getting REAL moody from them.  Def recommend going back on the dex but only with therapy, it's super important.
First day vyvance, how I felt for a moment maybe twice in my life I felt all day today
ADHD meds (adderall) have helped me so much. I geneuinely don’t know where I’d be if I wasn’t medicated. That being said, it can be really hurtful when people tell you that you’re annoying or stupid when you’re not on meds, which I was told by multiple peers. It’s sad part of taking meds was just getting to receive kind treatment from others.  That being said, I still definitely struggle on medication. A lot. But I realized that being medicated made me a lot happier and has helped me so much. Even on days without school or likewise I still take my meds because I find myself being more organized and being able to focus on things I enjoy as well. I honestly think what’s most important is whether or not meds are making you happy, y’know? Like you said, if the side effects are hurting then it may not be worth it. Sometimes it may take awhile too, bc i struggled a lot with the adjustment
If Adderall was working well and was comfortable for you then it is in that fact a good medication for you. It is not meth. It's the same family, but it is still meaningfully different and might be different for people with adhd.
I don’t want to offend anyone but do other people have “special” abilities bcs of their ADHD like mine is for 5 mins a day I can go into overdrive and I become super smart/strong whatever and the rest of the time I just feel 😐or☹️.            Or is it just me?
It’s also extremely important to remember that being on the medication does not mean you are going to magically get better. You still have to work to ensure you are holding yourself accountable where accountability is needed. I’ve discovered that the medication helps me do that and make the right choices, but the pill is not in control of my choices, it’s in control of correcting and replacing what my brain can’t do/produce on its own. I am in control of my choices. Everything is always going to have a mundane necessity attached to it. I’ve seen way too many people choose the overly difficult reality of not being medicated with their ADHD which ultimately holds them back from their true potential all because they tried a stimulant and expected it to do all the work, instead of taking it and working to manage the symptoms and take accountability of managing their lives.  You have 2 choices. You can choose the painstaking reality of the fact that your brain can’t function all because you expected a pill to 100% fix your life, or you can choose to provide your brain the stimulant it needs to function and take responsibility of the little details needed to manage your tasks and day.
Anybody else viding to the cow and gets generally upset when he interrupts 😂😂
ADHD can link with other mental illnesses too like most commonly with bipolar. If you feel like something is wrong go take a full spectrum test where there’s a sliding scale fee(based on your income) it worked for me and now my meds help both my ADHD and my bipolar. Sometimes it can also be your thyroid bc it’s like a second brain
For me the meds are like a laundry basket. Without it, I just drop clothes. Bending down to pick them up just results in more dropped clothes. When I am medicated, I have a laundry basket. Life is easier
i use this supplement clad nzt 48 its adhd meds that don't feel like adhd meds
Severe ADHD is like being on crack 24/7.
That wait in the end
I’ve been given adderall and honestly I started cutting them up and taking a little bit so that it would work for the time I needed it to and then I could calm down. Honestly though, adderall is helpful for many, but not all, and it can definitely be hindrance when it doesn’t function the way you need it to. Sometimes when I take it, it almost makes me feel spacey AND focused, like tunnel vision almost, and it can make it so that I just get. kind of tired and then I focus on the wrong thing in the moment I notice I’m tired. It’s weird. I’ve yet to speak to a doctor abt it, bc I barely got the ADHD diagnosis in the first place, so I’m kind of nervous I’ll be told that I don’t actually have ADHD despite knowing that I do. So far I’ve just been cutting the pills in half so the dosage is even smaller, and spacing them out A LOT so that I have plenty of time to get it out of my system before taking it again. It helps in some ways, definitely with physical things (and for me personally it can help with business things or socialization—just generally being more present for conversation instead of up in my head) and then it hurts in others, like not quite taking out the “space out” issue, making it so it’s still kind of hard to concentrate on abstract things and it makes you tired and can even make you more prone to getting overwhelmed mentally and physically. But I guess that’s the trade off when ur taking medical meth LOL
you norm to med trip, to no meds seems like my week to week norm. 😅
Give concerta a shot if you are still shopping around. It’s like a slow burning less intense but still effective adderall
i was on meds since 3rd grade then getting off them felt like crack now i smoke weed
Oh dude, u r so funny! I hope that that is ure true personality, I genuinely am. Good luck and prosper, my friend!
Can someone please summarize this in one word or less?
Also be aware that generic vyvanse causes the bad side effects.    I learned that when I got switched to generic, and then I had the bad out of breath feeling.
You're supposed to take med breaks.    They stop working, and you take a break, then they work again.   If you take it too consistently, then tolerance.
Adhd doesnt exist guh
So it appears that i have inattentive ADHD, I took Ritaline for a couple of years and to my experience it was really bad. My father was the one made me take it because he thaught it would make me better in school and help me focus instead of "daydreaming" almost constanly and onto anything my brain can perceive. At first I was extremely relutant because I thaught and feared that it would negate my capacity to imagine things. But all the pills did was making me extremely sick, giving me stomachs cramps, dizzines and headaches. Once i fainted for at least ten minutes because is got up too fast and the lack of sugar and the pain helping, I just passed out and after I had the weird sensation that my whole body was vibrating for ONE HOUR ! So not the most pleasant experience .
As someone with ADD it’s very similar to ADHD but ice cream sandwich really described it very well. Things that I do and things I can’t explain and how my medication makes me focus on the wrong things. He really explains it in a way I never could
I have ADD and my brother has ADHD I have no god damn idea why but he gets absolutely pissed when I say I have adhd to someone new. I know I have add but not everyone knows what that is so I just say adhd but he gets so mad lol
In Germany the Neurologist is the doctor for ADHD. The practice here is, that you take your meds for half a year and make a therapy for learning to do the right things. After half a year you stop the meds and kust do the therapy. With that your brain gets a rewiring. Takes time but it works
my first medication was vyvanse, and i made my way up to 70mL, but that didnt work because of a combination called: stupid metabolism and brain no work. and i couldnt go further because im (wasn't and still not) over 25.   so now im on compounded 20mL dex(ampheta-something) and then 10mL in the afternoon for focus (which murders my sleep even more).
"I just want my hands on the wheel for once" God I felt that
For about a year now, I've been taking vyvannze. It used to work and made me super productive but never on the right thing and it eventually stopped working, like my body built up an immunity to it. It is a drug after all. Now with or without it, I'm distracted and practically need to have a gun pointed at me to be able to work on the right thing.
Misinformation. Vivanse is lisdexamfetamine, adderal is mixed amohetamine salts. Neither is meth.
In the experience of my wife, it is not worth some of the side effects these drugs incur. She couldn't stomach most foods and lost 30lbs in a couple months, and also couldnt sleep for more than 3 hours a night. It is usually better to adjust your life around these kinds of illnesses and find a rhythm that works for you.
All those meds... Now Adderall together! (joke)
Some opinions here: Vyvanse is also amfetamine based. Sounds like Vyvanse dosage was too high, it results in "running out of energy", ie. out of breath.  Getting the wrong things done means that the drug is working, and next you need to train to concentrate -> yes, it can and has to be learned, but it's only possible if you don't have ADD/ADHD issues.
ADHD meds just make me feel calm for the first time in my life, so I just want to sit and enjoy the calm. So I waste like 3-4 hrs just feeling pleasant and calm and thinking that I wish I could feel like this all the time, then the anxiety starts to kick in and I can't do anything because whoa why is there so much friggin anxiety now?
I have a marker so I can't take meds for it
This is the only guy who can make me watch a sponsoship
Ironically I forgot I watched this video a while ago. People keep telling me I got symptoms but NO DIAGNOSIS SO NO PROBLEM! Actually a lot of problems like I can't hold focus on anything, always tired, brain never stops, Its literally 4am and I can't sleep, I forgot to drink water all week and I finally had some realizing I was very dehydrated, and uh I lose my train of thought very easily. Always wondered how I felt so tired all the time cause outwardly I seemed very calm and shy to others in highschool. As an adult I unmasked a lot of things and now I can't put them back in the box. Literally all of my inward feelings are now out for the whole world to see. In some ways it's become less exhausting cause I'm not hiding anymore but in other ways it's just as exhausting cause its impacting every aspect of my life.
As a person working in pharmacy, please if anyone ever has strange symptoms or side effects you are not sure the cause of, you can talk to your pharmacist and they can tell you if it is a known side effect. It is why the pharmacist is there, we try to make sure you know if your drugs are causing adverse reactions that should be addressed.
TRY EXERCISE
I use 15 mg of adderal and it’s still not enough
Vyvanse (Lisdex-Amfetamine) is in most respects exactly the same as adderall, but is an abuse-resistant prodrug. It must bind with Lysine in the patients digestive system in order to become psychoactive, which makes the drug inert via any administration route which bypasses the patient's digestive tract. This also creates the extended release effect, I think; It's been a while since I did my research.
I absolutely love the cow video/. Hahahaha.  Honestly, I got up and down several times while watching this… and I paused to put this comment in.  Lol
Not going to lie. It was so hard to push past the .17 second mark because I HAD keep replaying that cow song.
Do not use meds. From someone who has. Do nothing. Your adhd is a problem yes but meds are a bigger problem and many realize it too late. Please just find another way. Do nothing. Turn off your phone. You have control.
"willingly"
I'm eating a ice cream sandwich, while watching ice cream sandwich 😊
You told your experience in a really funny way man! I came here for the title but honestly I was really into your story telling combined with the animation!
i tried three different meds, but my worst experience by far was with atomoxetine. i would be sweating bullets but shivering and having chills at the same time, it gave me the worst side effects. i also stopped taking the meds (WHICH U SHOULDNT DO BEFORE CONSULTING UR PSYCH!) but thankfully i was back to normal after a couple days. def my worst med experience to date
Yes cow: :) No cow: :(
adhder here. I couldn't get through this video yet because I need to immediately know the song that was playing with dancing cow before I can move on with my life.
So.. you tried two types.. of the many that were out there... and gave up? Hell im on my 3rd.
Ohhhh craaappppp
I experience one symptoms in almost daily basis, got to a room, distracted, then forgot my first intension to be there. Idk if its an ADHD or just general stupidity or both
If taking meds can make you do physical things like clean, but you still can't sit still and do mental tasks, that's not ADHD you're just dumb. Also your friend is equally dumb. Adderall is no more like "meth" than vyvanse is. They're literally the same thing. Yeah this video really just highlights someone who isn't super smart complaining that ADHD meds didn't make them smarter.
Adderall made me Mega Anxious but Atomoxetine is pretty cash money I think
If you think about it ice cream sandwich is always sponsored by nord vpn are you actually sponsored
I've gotten better with my adhd, but it's still in my brain. Watching, waiting, stalking... RAID SHAWDOW LENGENDS!!!!!
https://youtu.be/vLhv3NNdgRM?si=FOEWfwHNHEAzMWL- God loves you
I hated being on Adderall it always made me feel like I was being forced to be more calm and I hated it so I stopped after I turned 18 cause my mom made me since I was going to school now I just smoke weed on my days off and weekends to mellow myself out and manage things like my relatively low stress job sober only smoking a small amount after work to relax or help with stress on weekdays
I compare it with have a lot of tabs open and things I need to have in each one and also videos are playing n I wanna see that but I need to cx a card… but it’s hell at times
👆🏻👆🏻👆🏻👆🏻👆🏻👆🏻.... We have this ability to make connections — we’re just spontaneous, out of the box thinkers! And so the nature of our ADHD brains is what makes us creative; after all, it’s responsible for our imagination
Nice
I have a very strong feeling I may have inattentive ADHD, but I can’t really tell. My ADHD friend says I look like I have it and I’ve looked it up I have like 99% of the symptoms but we haven’t gotten me tested yet.
I'm disappointed that I can't use Nord VPN on my butt.
My problem with vi-Vance is that it destroys my hunger so I’m not hungry but I need food to make the meds work
As a person who struggles with ADHD and takes Vyvanse this is  relatable.
Adderall worked fantastic for me, until I got pregnant in the middle of my college schooling. Now I’m back to bouncing off the walls and failing to finish tasks 🥴💀
took me 3 days to finish this video but here we are 😭
I have ADHD, and it’s almost impossible to explain to somebody who doesn’t have it what it’s like
Vyvance is good but it really kicks your ass. Whenever I wasn’t taking it I would vomit. A lot. I take Cymbalta now which works well for me
How dare you entertain me with advertisement
Yes! Vyvanse is SO MUCH FOCUS. My ex-husband always called it my Limitless pill. And oh my gosh yes, whatever I was doing when it kicked in is what I was going to be doing for the next 8 hours; hope it's something crucial HA HA HA
i have adhd
Yes, even with medication, your personal effort still matters. Meedication isn't just gonna fix everything magically.
oh literally me
Adderall is NOT basically meth. There are some MAJOR key differences. I don’t have the brain to write them all here, but meth does NOT help with ADHD, and it WILL destroy your life. Adderall is chemically adjacent, but still very different.
Good vid, very funyu. :> But the instructions at the end were a little unclear... So I subscribed just in case.
I have ADHD and I love how you made this video so visually fun and entertaining.. Watched it couple times now😂😂😂😂
Half-way through this video I just randomly got up, put on some Will Wood and starting petting my cat; ADHD sucks.
For people with ADHD, here an interesting but effective way of taking Adderall that psychiatrists never want to tell you: take it as needed. Problem solved. :) Take Adderall on days you need to function and do things. Don't take it on days you want to sit down and think. Adderall isn't like antidepressants or antipsychotics which always cause addiction/dependency and need to be in your system for a certain amount of weeks to be fully effective (which is debatable anyways). Adderall is effective specifically on the day you take it and don't need to build it up like other meds so theres actually no danger of stopping or taking it as needed. Adhd medicine shouldnt even be taken everyday becahse it can negatively affect your brain by making it harder for dopamine to be release over a long period of time. So, contrary to psychiatrists who are just going by book and get more money the more drugs they give to their patients, take Adderall AS NEEDED.   Antidepressants and antipsychotics/mood stabilizer should never be quit cold turkey but also you dont have to talk to your doctor about it unless you literally know nothing about medication and don't know how to do things safely. The drugs that 100% cause dependency and addiction like antidepressants have to be tapered off. Psychiatrists have regularly forced people to stay on medicine against their own wishes and to their own detriment. For instance, i know a bipolar taking antidepressants for a few weeks and i told her to immediately stop. She did not listen and harmed her money and other people around her emotionally. Psychiatrists say not to do anything without consulting them but it's also a money and power play. After three weeks of taking antidepressants, she would not have developed a dependency yet and her mania would have subsided within the next couple days. But guess what the doctor told her to do? Stop cold turkey two months later.
1:07 holy $h!+ this part had me LMAO, but deep down crying because I just got diagnosed and I’m still going through all the emotions of being diagnosed at the ripe age of 30 😑 lol
Why not take the meds and then set up alarms or routines that will stop you from continuing the same /wrong task all day? That sounds like the real issue. Reprioritizing does not have to all happen internally
@Ice Cream Sandwich But you know that there are MANY other ADHD drugs that could work for your brain specifically?? :/ The meds you tried out were both stimulant meds out of the amphetamine family. You also have stimulant meds of the methylphenidate family. You also have other stimulant-like families (not really stimulants, but they also stimulate your noradrenaline and your dopamine - levels). And you have non-stimulant types of drugs, like clonidine etc...   Amphetamine-like stimulants have more effect on the noradrenaline system than your dopamine system (esp. Vysane that works véry long for about 12-14hours) In contrast, methylphenidate-like stimulants have more effect on the dopamine than on noradrenaline.  So all these ADHD meds work totally different, have different effects. And depending on each person's individual brain, each person can have benefits of other type of drug. One brain will have trouble focussing because of some unbalanced dopamine regulation in that brain, and will need more dopamine stimulation. While another brain will have difficulties focusing because of some noradrenaline disregulation, and needs more noradrenaline stimulation.  That's why you have to keep on searching what works for you personally.  And importantly: don't forget that medication can't do magic, it is important to learn skills that can help you how to work with that fascinating brain of ours. ADHD is NOT about an inability to focus, ADHD is about an inability to regulate that focus. There are ways to (better) regulate our focus!
I got Attention Deficit / Hyperactive Disorder as well and also use meds  It's pretty much just meth It's called Methylphenidate
Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu 5 gram... Did you know this song is about drugs? Its in Polish so some people might not know that. "Koks" is basiclly an informal/street word for Cocaine, i think. And fun fact, Cocaine in Polish is Kokaina.
I take vyvanse too! Going off the meds for me personally isn't bad - the first day off of them I'm more tired/groggy than usual but that's a normal "withdrawl" feeling I've been told. When I had an academic coach paid for by my uni who works with adhd and other neurodiverse peeps, I learned a lot about how to actually focus, take breaks and *do* the thing. Still learning about what my brain needs in order to *do* but I thought I'd add the importance of peepol support in addition to med support when it comes to ADHD. In short, the easiest way for me to feel accountable is when people are involved; they help me feel accountable by checking up on me or working on my weekly schedule with me. Not everyone feels supported by coaches tho so, diff supports for diff brains - also only could afford it cause it was paid for, so not always an option ~ The coach helped me work with my brain, work with for ex. demand avoidance that comes up when faced with a task :) While it isn't "intrinsic" motivation and I started out by relying on a coach, eventually I learnt skills to help me when accountability helpers aren't available.
To be clear, stims (like adderall) are just sort of in the same chemical family as meth, they aren't the same thing. Plus, you are taking a much smaller dose than the kind that would be necessary to get you high, and to top if off, they work differently for adhd brain than neurotypical brain, and are non addictive.  This far too much misinformation about stims for adhd, and unfortunately a lot of doctors are just as misinformed on the subject. To be absolutely clear, stims are considered by health authorities such as the NHA to be the primary treatment for ADHD. In other words, if your psych recommends you try non-stims first and starts talking about 'drug seeking behavior' you can rest assured _they_ are the ones going against the recommended treatment based on pseudoscience. It's like, a step removed from homeopathic rememdies, but it's still very much a red flag that you need to find a new doctor.
I have adhd and I have to use meds
A class I took on nutrition mentioned limiting carbs to near nothing, and getting an overload of omega 3's to get it in balance seemingly cured ADHD in a child, but that kind of regimen is seemingly impossible to follow.
Rn I am still on my 2nd appt withmy psychiatrist, and I am hoping for the best that these meds would help me..
i've used vivance and strattera and i think vivance worked the best at first, but after a long day i get snappy. and i get massive headaches from strattera, but i dont want to go through another loop of switching meds again :/
that's explained in a way that only someone with ADHD can understand
Maybe I take both. I don't know . 4:55
No No focus
Oh same i'm pretty sure
3:21 Infinite knowledge and also vpn And subject would shall not be named because kids may be watching. 3:21
You should wear annoyed VPN like hair. 3:10
So yes 2:42
Yup 2:31
I'm pretty sure one of the ones you named first was 1 of the ones that they take. 2:05
This is relatible 1:57
Yup 1:31
Yup 1:21
Yup 1:10
Thank you for that useful information that I already knew. But I know not everyone else knew sorry if that came out a bit rude 1:01
This is where it has deviated because it's Canada. 0:53
Yup, that's them. 0:45
I know someone like this 0:35
I think one of the weaknesses of ADHD treatment right now is that many patients are given medication without accompanying therapy. Things like CBT have been shown to vastly improve outcomes for ADHD patients when paired with appropriate medication. The brain chemicals matter, but there's also tons of stuff you can do to modify the environment to help with executive functioning. Russell Barkley's channel has some excellent videos on this kind of stuff, but you gotta play 'em at 2x speed, which I think is highly ironic. xD
It’s funny because your Elvanse experience is almost identical to how I felt on Concerta
If you want to improve your ADD/ADHD then you can’t expect a pill to do all the work for you. Working with an therapist or coach and learning coping/organizational/time management skills is a must as well.  The meds will give you the fuel your brain lacks(Dopamine) and the skills you gain from a therapist/coach/books will give you the direction so you know where to put your new found energy towards to.
this is so true i just thought that the reason that i wasnt peforming great on my meds was just cuz i was just stupid
I already love this channel
80% of those who use ADHD meds report effectiveness. So there is still a fair bit of folks that don't get help from them, but most do.
I had ADHD real bad. I self diagnosed and paid close attention to my own behavior including the foods I ate. I found that drinking milk would worsen it. Drinking coffee or drinking black tea had increased my attention span. Also staying away from high carb foods helped me out. My job performance and focus went into higher parameters.
What do you use to animate?
Its shitty because without my daily dose of meth lol I'm exhausted i finally have energy with adderal
I had the same experience with adhd meds
Your anecdote about hyperfixating on spaceflight hits so close to home it hurts.
At 1:51 I stopped to listen the dancing cow music. Annnd started right back again.
i gave up on my adhd meds now i just listen to adhd relief music when i try to focus. it helps a BIT. but idk if i can ever find what works for me T_T
Why dont you take both?
The Animal Crossing background music❤
Vyvanse is such a hit-or-miss. I tried it and I couldn't eat or sleep for the entire duration I was on it, which was only 2 days to be fair but I'm not waiting weeks for it to kick in when I felt like vomiting just looking at food. Plus I have never felt less focused than when I was on vyvanse. It took me 6 hours to read 6 pages and I had to ask my mom to act it out to process it.  Adderall works but having adhd medicated is like eating soup with a spork. At least you don't have a fork like you do unmedicated but you're not eating as effectively as the people with with spoons. And it doesn't even last all day so I have 6 hours of having ADHD under control and the rest is just chaos.
I feel excepted in this comment section.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam...
Even on meds, it's rough, but I need them to function. Without meds, I won't do ANYTHING.
MY NAME IS NOT PIZZA!
Andy, I am a mix of the hyperactive and inattentive type. I’d recommend byfenton it’s really good for my ADHD.
Got half way through the video, tried to add it to my watch later and other list I sometimes go to, only to find it was already there. ADHD? Nah.
i'm auti adhd and something i learned is that medication will never make you not neurodivergent, your brain will always be wired that way, it will just adjust certain chemicals that make it more bearable to live dependin on what you need. i do take meds every other day and they help me a lot.
I started to take meds as a kid and it was all good but, my friends noticed a difference in me and I noticed a difference  in me.  It would me, "Zombified" if that makes sense.  This lasted all the way til the end of middle school.  I decided not to take the meds no more and I have my struggles from here to there but not as bad as it used to be.  I call ADHD the double edge sword.
Yes I was diagnosed when it was called ADD (attention deficit disorder) now just called ADHD. It's really hard to focus and trying to is like (to me) painful. It's just like thinking 6 or 7 things at once
i love this!!!!!
Figure out a way that makes you hyperfocus
Happy new year!
fun fact: that song at the start is about cocaine
Vyvanse and Adderall are both amphetamine-based. Maybe a medication that's based on methylphenidate instead (such as Ritalin or Concerta) would work better for you. I hate amphetamine-based meds but I like the methylphenidate-based ones. Plus, there is a generic version of Ritalin (in Canada at least, not sure about elsewhere) and it's much, much cheaper than Vyvanse.
How do i know i have adhd without going to doctor (iam 19 y/o).Im not very clear cause somewhere im good at attention and somewhere not.I think as i grown up i started slowly lossing by passion nd attention power. Plz help any🙏
The funny thing is Vyanse's active ingredient is Lisdexamphetamine, which is just Dextroamphetamine with a lysine molecule that gets stripped away when it's in the gut. Adderall is a combination of Amphetamine and Dextroamphetamine.
omg polish meme
I stopped this vid to watch the cow vid
The segment on Vivance is so true. I used to take it, and it did work really well, but it pretty much wiped my appetite away, to the point where I would skip full meals because I didn't feel hungry (I had to practically force food down my throat) even though I needed to eat. And its funny because I kept saying this to my doctor, and the same thing happened to my friends with ADHD, and he kept saying it wasn't a side effect, although it clearly was XD. Also, I became so focused on whatever I was doing, and I just felt blank and lacking a personality, because I became hyper focused on almost EVERYTHING
I've just woken up from a ritalin induced nap, and I just wanted to say I really like your voice. Also, great video!
Please make a video about ADD
Something you should mention is that dosage is extraordinarily important. For person A, 50 mg Vyvanse might feel like a cup of coffee. For person B, that same 50 mg dose will hit them like a truck and feel like 10 coffees. (In this example I'm using coffees as an analogy, not an equivalent). Some people truly do have slower metabolisms. To compound this, certain foods will also affect the rate of absorption. Citrus will decrease absorption; antiacids will increase the rate because amphetamines break down in acidic environments.  Imo you could've titrated down unless you were already at the starter dose (10 mg).
As an ADHD, this video dragged and i tuned out like 20 times
Aaannddd.... when i realized i was reading those comments..... arrgg
Quelbree 👍(I cannot tell if it works or not at this point)
Not contacting a medical professional because you already have a planned meeting with said medical professional days/weeks/months later is... yeah that's me. Drives my wife nuts.
Man I have the exact experiences with both, but adderal was exactly what I was looking for.
Yeah , I almost died taking Vyvanse as a kid. It about gave me heart issues. It was bad. It was the only meds out at the time that worked for me so I've get been off meds life hacking my way through life.
where can i find that cow video
wait...
Many highly creative people have the symptons of what some people refer to as ADHD. Factors such as foods, alcohol, exercise, sleep and over-stimulation can definitely affects one's mental well-being. I have been studying myself for decades now. First, no medications for me. I am super-leery of medications (not saying they are all bad). I also found nicotine really affected my mind so I stopped that 35 years ago. Alcohol went too, when I found it messed up my color-perception for painting. Pot didn't work for me either. Unsweetened cocoa is a favorite in water as too much sugar is a baddie. I am no prude - I just pay attention to how something affects me mentally and physically. Too much internet and not enough time near water are baddies also. Basically, I started over. I ask Bubba (Jesus) daily for clarity about what to eat, think and do. It works. My mind is better now than 40 years ago. 😊
For me personally adhd medicine just turns me into a zombie and im lifeless, but without it im pretty good at schoolwork, focusing, kinda so i just stopped taking the medicine and im mostly normal now besides fidgeting with random things
don't worry, I didn't forget to unsubscribe
Me, a normal 10 year old on Concerta: I hate food. Me, a non-medicated 29 years old looking back: Is this why I'm fat? 😂
I took both Adderall and concerta. My medications have reduced since then.  It's a wild story. I was supposed to get a doctor's appointment for my medication, but then the Gray Fire in Washington State happened, and while it was a scary situation, my parents were shocked at how calm I was about the entire situation, all without the medication. I am no longer taking concerta, which was the pill that got reduced first, and my sertaline has been reduced and will be the medication I will no longer take soon.
Just use both pills!
With my ADHD I take methylphenidate and it works great
its nice info. ı to have ADHD but because of my parents ı cannot see a docter and in my country they dont let someone bellow 18 to see a doctor without parents(execpt emergency).Because of that ı can not get a doctors presciption .
Omg I should send this to my therapist this is exactly how I felt taking adhd meds! When I tried to explain it he said he has never heard of this reaction. Update us on what your next steps were!
If you know the lyrics to the song in the beginning of the dancing cow hes literally talking about drugs made me laugh lol
Just watched 25 seconds of this video, looked up and found the polish cow video, totally forgot about this video and came back much later.
So hot tip if people with ADHD watch this don't put a trigger in the beginning. Been listing to that damn cow all day and had to come back to actually watch this video but kept getting distracted with my new song.
Why should you never just stop taking the meds? Are you supposed to slowly stop? Can someone explain?
I wanna get checked up so bad. Was watching the video and not even 2 mins in, I spaced out. I don't really remember what I was thinking of. It's rare for me to finish a video without doing something else entirely. That's why I always leave comments while the video is playing. Nevermind the fact that I didn't understand a portion of the video, I really need to leave a comment.
Vyvanse gave me psychosis, i am not going above 30 mg of vyvanse when i go back on it once im healed
Isn’t that ADD not ADHD?
Wait .... normal people can just do shit? .... like just sit down and do tasks? Impossible
Your illustrations are so cute
Now im going to say"stincky icky bad" to everything
Man it's 4 am, I'm laughing my ass off on how much this video was on point and the way of interpretation used to describe these experiences. Good shit bro
Hey bro g looks I hope anyone that connected with this reads the article The Drugging of an American Boy. lots of people have grown up like this including myself
I clicked off this video and watched dancing polish cow because you didn’t let me at the start of this video
Inside Out
Is there a real cow video of that?
I have un diagnosed adhd, imagine how the sensory overloads go
tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu 5 gram
For anyone with ADHD that doesnt want to take a stimulant, try a medication like Strattera. I works differently than stimulants and you have to build it up in your system (couple weeks) and you cant skip days, but i feel like it lets me CHOOSE what to focus on. Way fewer side effects for me! Plus no drug testing because it made me feel bad about getting meds.
Subscribed... oh wait you told me to unsubscribe ... ok, done.  And you played yourself.
But, the cow video. I need the cow video.
I just take instant release focalin, it lasts like 3 hours and I can take it up to 3 times a day. I just take it when I need it and don’t take it when I don’t. I don’t even always take the full dose, more often than not I take 75% or 50%. With these particular meds, it’s honestly not that big of a deal. With a lot of psych meds it absolutely is a big deal to not take it exactly as prescribed. But you don’t have to take these (stimulants) every day if you don’t want to. And with instant release, you get even more flexibility.  Edit: I should add some clarifications to this. With extended release you only have flexibility with taking it or not taking it. You’re pretty much restricted to taking it in the morning so it wears off in time for bed, and you can’t split the pill because it interrupts the slow release mechanism.   With instantly release you have much more flexibility. You should never take more than your prescribed dose, but it is okay to take less. You can take it at whatever time of day, so long as your previous dose is worn off, and you will not be planning on going to bed until this dose wears off. And you can take it anywhere between 0 and your max number of times per day prescribed by your doctor.  And you should first double check with your doctor that the particular drug you’re taking is one that can be taken more flexibly.
TYLKO JEDNO W GŁOWIE MAM KOKSU PIĘĆ GRAM
I took adderall starting in october but later my family began to notice my mood began to DRASTICALLY fall (This was at JUST 5mg). I stopped taking it and boom my mood immediately better. I'm going to switch to vivance soon, once school winter break ends. There were SOO many benefits to taking it though, my grades skyrocketed. I could wield my creativity, and started to learn how to draw and wow I can draw now, at least, kind of, I don't know the first thing about art fundamentals, and the only real improvement is that I doodle now which is cool, i can just draw and my imagination just goes on the paper, its cool. Not to mention i'm doing way better in my music theory class and I don't have impostor syndrome anymore (at least for that class), wait hehe imposter, from the hit game amongus. I like games, games are fun, I beat celeste recently it was such a good game, also I started a minecraft server with my friends, its been fun I made a base underground and it was as well hidden as a spy base from movies, but then my friend found it by digging around randomly. Now I'm moving my base super far away, like 10 thousand blocks away. I wonder how long 10,000 blocks actually is, wait nvm its just 10 km because each block is a meter. Ooh that reminds me of the slide rule I inherited from my uncle who unfortunately commited suicide (I missed him he was a cool dude and I recently learned he had 600 bitcoin that were just sent to oblivion. Crypto sucks, everything sucks why does internet have to be so bad I just want to watch a meme not men kissing. Anyways you might be able to tell that I have noting to do right now and am not taking my meds.
"Who's in charge here?" >dopamine's corpse on the floor  This scene teleported behind me and went "nothin personnel kid"
What’s the name of the first song that was played !?
yeah.. this video sounds like how I am. like right now, I should be working. but instead I watched this video. This is a regular occurrence. I have a hard time staying focused on work. I can start working, and I can stay working for a while, but after a but I will get distracted, and I will just no longer be able to focus. It's bad.
So I actually know how these meds work and the nuerobiology of it all. Adderal enhances the part of your brain that is supposed to inhibit your actions. People with ADHD have the task inhibiting part of our minds underdeveloped, and adderal enhances that specific part. Allowing you to more easily control yourself and inhibit distracting thoughts. But that doesnt directly translate to focus. If I were you, id either lower my vivance dosage or find another focus med, while also taking adderall. That way you can achieve both focus and task switching/ self control.  Also, meds are just a tool to help you retrain your brain. You can legit train ADHD out of your brain with nueroplasticity. But it takes a lot of work and meds helping speeds that process up. I reccomend looking at andrew hubermans videos. Hes one of the top nueroscientists of our time and he does amaaaazing podcast videos that are so insanely helpful that each one basically shatters my worldview on the mind.
as someone with both types of ADHD and takes 70mg of vyvanse, i have never felt more understood symptom-wise in a while. i always find it super hard to take my pills (as i have quite a buildup of mental illnesses whoops) and sometimes end up going a week or two without taking my meds. can confirm that the the side effects are w a c k  moral of the story; take your meds kids 👍
the part about your brain suddenly having a conversation is so fucking accurate
Medication isn’t going to change your mental habits. If you HATE doing work, habitually, no pill is gonna make  you stop preferring  just dicking around all day
4:59 hold on I’ve been on Adderall, my entire life, and I did not know that was basically basically taking a meth
Does anyone know what song is in the background of the video?
Bruh, as someone who has been on a sushi belt of different adhd meds over the years, honestly, the best is legitimately desoxyn, which is literally just straight up methamphetamine. Like, the second I decide to get something done, so long as I actually know how to do it and am able to do it, it's getting started and I can focus on it for hours without any distractions.   Meth taken orally as a pill, and crystal meth smoked as a recreational drug, are like, two completely different drugs. Oral medications are less addictive due to them not hitting instantly like smoking/vaping, and provides a much more consistent effect throughout the day, which leads to less urges to redose, and not getting all "tweaky" for it.   Commentor note 1: If anyone has ever bought and taken an adderall pill from someone that wasn't directly from a prescription, that was basically guaranteed to be meth, as meth is more similar in effect to adderall than clandestinely produced amphetamines.  Commentor note 2: Taking any medication without doctor supervision is risky business. While oral meth is generally less addictive than smoking crystal meth, it can still be abused, and you can still go overboard with it. This goes double for pressed pills, as you can't know the exact dosage in each pill, you could very well be taking twice as much as you thought you were and end up as a sweaty mess that can't get out of bed because the second you try to stand up the dehydration kicks in. If possible always go through the proper channels to acquire your medication!
Thank you so much for this video, my partner is starting ADHD meds soon and struggles a lot doing his own research due to the lack of focus and hella executive dysfunction. Whenever I send him videos or articles he gets 30 seconds in and is completely stressed out and has to stop, after watching this video I knew that this format would work for him. So I told him, it's 7 minutes and done in a way that I think will work for you. He's now watching it and keeps laughing and sending me screenshots of the best parts. This has never happened before. I could cry.  The way you experience the effects of adderall is actually what we're hoping for, so that is very valuable information, thank you.
You managed to make the video soooooooooo….
i take pills against my adhd and everytime i say one word to much everyone shauts at me: take your pills,, even if i took them in the mornong and everyone knows from me that i only can take them in the morning
"Why wonder when we can find out!"
The fact you said "don't stop taking your meds out of nowhere" to a crowd that mostly knows nothing will happen other than adhd symptoms returning full force because most adhd meds can be used back and forth or only when needed is kinda hilarious. My mind was like "Who's gonna tell him?"
I’m hyperactive plus manic rn
Haha that "how to build a birdhouse" bit is so me. Get distracted, spend the rest of the day researching dofferent designs and styles, maybe even purchase all the tools and materials to make it then once it all arrives I'm already on to the next thing
My adhd has been crippling. I am 31 and have only recently tried medication. I haven’t found anything that works yet and I’m really struggling. I’m really hoping I find something before I spiral and ruin my life again. I don’t know if I’d be able to come back from that this time.
Polish cow make happy.  Why isn't it on spotify anymore?
Bro why does Nordvpn always sponsor you
I couldn't concentrate on the video can you make it again 😅
Even with medication my ADHD still gets a hold of me little bit (It's weird)
Even with medication my ADHD still gets a hold of me little bit (It's weird)
Yo why not try yoga, meditation, a lot more sport + healthy lifestyle with less distractions. Kinda starting to work out for me after a lotta practice
I will start my medication soon when I’m back to classes, I’m so curious how it’s going to react and I hope it helps me with my grades, going through collage with my adhd it’s really hard
Oooo meth
The cow
"Thanks for watching! Don't forget to UNSubscribe!" "Wait."
Concerta with Risperdone.   Changed. My. Life.
OK, so I don't know how to explain this, also I have not been diagnosed yet I go in in a few weeks for testing. But the effects you have from the meds I have on random days. Normally my mind is always racing and I can not focus or get anything done. Then all of a sudden I will wake up and be able to get all the physical things done, but I still can focus on things that take a lot of brain power. On other days, I can hyper-focus but, it will be on things that are not important, For example: I spent 7 hours learning about keyboards. On the bright side I did make a custom keyboard but I would have much rather got my school assignment done. :/
𝕎𝕙𝕪 𝕕𝕠 𝕚 ℙ𝕚𝕟𝕔𝕙 𝕞𝕪 𝕗𝕖𝕖𝕥?
𝕀 𝕙𝕒𝕧𝕖 𝕚𝕥 𝕥𝕠𝕠
Adderall is amazing but its started giving me ticks lmao
We're just wired different. We're not normal.
Polish cow
It’s called Attention Branching. It’s the mind’s natural tool to prevent you from spending too much precious life time on any one thing. Branch friends. Branch your attention out and don’t let them make you think it’s a detriment! (Crashes)
I used to take concerta but I can’t anymore cause it apparently makes Tourette’s or tics worse since I have Tourette’s i could not take it anymore
I had a psychiatrist tell me that Adderall was basically meth - it isn't. That isn't how chemistry works.
I love all the vids you make on ur adhd! They helped me to realize i had symptoms, and guess who has combined adhd? Me lol I started out by taking focalin, but after taking it for a while, i realized that it really messed up my appetite and anxiety. In a couple weeks, I'll be starting Vivance! Im hoping for the best, but will be on the lookout for any other negative symptoms. I remembered the name from this video and came back to see how you did on it. Im hoping that i can also gain that focus, as i should be in school when it kicks in, so hopefully ill be able to actually focus :D
This is very accurate 😭
Th good news is there’s a ton of stuff to try with ADHD. Adderall works great for me when really need to focus or get something done. Like driving to pick up art supplies. Otherwise, exercise works in a similar way, but makes me feel better. I feel calm and good, and I can *choose* what I want to do. AND, I can switch tasks. My whole life I thought I was lazy, turns out I’m not. It’s just hard to start tasks and keep doing them. Sleep is also SUPER important to my brain function, with or without meds or exercise. Without sleep, my brain doesn’t brain. Keep trying stuff, and keep in mind that you can do multiple things at once, like meds and exercise.
Only Azstarys has really helped me. [Azstarys is combined Serdexmethlyphenidate & dexmethylphenidate.] Ritalin (methylphenidate) helped but it gave me high blood pressure. Adderall (mixed amphetamine salts), Vyvanse, Strattera (a non stimulant med) were all no good. The first two i was similar to you but also trouble sleeping. Ended up allergic to the atomoxitine(straterra).  But since starting Azstarys my life has really gone in a positive direction. Ive made more progress in therapy than ever. Imagine therapy is a toolbox full of tools to help life, well the right medication was my key to the toolbox. Now I'm learning how to use the tools.   All these stimulants are similar but their different structures as compounds and the way they are absorbed by the body really changes how you respond to them. Non stimulant meds vs stimulant meds is kind of the difference between your brain making more neurotransmitters or limiting reuptake instead, bith witht the goal of increasing the milage you get out of them. That's an over simplified explanation, but it works.  I highly recommend trying different meds until you find what works for you. Focalin is another one that helps people, it is dexmethylphenidate like Azstarys but without the other component Azstarys has, the prodrug serdexmethlyphenidate. Another non stimulant is Quelbree but it is basically Straterra but more common for kids. And non stimulant medication is usually recommended for people who either dont respond to stimulant medication or cant have it due to other health issues. The data basically says if stimulants help you nonstimulants probably wont help as much, and if nonstimulants help you its likely stimulants don't.   Goodluck!
Maybe instead of looking to medication to fix everything you should just learn self discipline.
I have also been told that it's an ADHD thing to play video games while watching youtube while listening to music. I do that a lot. I'm doing that right now.
love to everyone else who feels like this
I started Vyvanse early this year and had a similar experience at the beginning of way more focused but accidentally focusing on distractions. I haven’t had any major or concerning side effects luckily and have since gotten better at wielding the new power of focus… Most of the time lol
Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu 5 gram odlecieć sam w krainę zapomnienia 😂😂😂
My both dad and my older sister have ADD and it was clear that I had it too. I struggled to do homework in Middle School. I eventually went to a therapist to get an official diagnosis and started medication. I definitely got more focused on completing my homework. It felt like I had laser vision or tunnel vision and all I could see was my assignment. It was insane and I got work done. But I felt super melo and life felt super grey and I got depressed. Taking the medication brought all my extreme feelings and numbed them. I hated life and this wasn’t the kind of life I wanted to have. I ended up trying out 3 different medications and they had similar results. I stopped taking medication all together and I have managed to get by through high school and now my bachelors degree, but with many struggles. I luckily can focus and remember extremely well when in class or at work. My biggest problem is when I’m left alone to do a boring task just as chores or writing an essay. I can never seem to start it and my brain makes me avoid it at all costs. I think my biggest issue is starting and then continuing to carry out the boring tasks. I usually felt like it was a motivation issue, and if I’m motivated enough I could do it, but people tell me it’s the ADD making me avoid it
I take concerta 35MG. And its a huge help!! I take ADHD meds since I was 5
Funny pictures make sad happy 😊
1:55 was very funny
Oh yeah, medication is... a fun experiment that you really have to keep talking to your doctor about constantly to make sure everything works, and it's not for those not eager to Do All That.  I took concerta, but when it wore off i got hella burnt out so i couldn't do ANYTHING else. got on wellbutrin, made my anxiety WAY worse. tried vyvanse, made my *depression* worse somehow. Now i'm on combination Concerta and Sertraline, and it's. fine(?), but my dreams have gotten hella weird and i'm having sleep paralysis more often. I don't care, it's the best i've gotten so far and I really really need em.
ADHD medication never worked for me either. I was just even more aggressive while being even more easily distracted… Plus they had some bad side effects, some of them still present today (a decade later), like having a weird sense of hunger made me look like a 1.8m high stick.  Oh and btw, NordVPN DOES NOT protect your privacy at all, so please don't fall for it…
Try weed
When I was kid, that's when I got diagnosed. I think I was in the 3rd grade. My mom finally decided to get me diagnosed, because I was so distracted with everything, all the time, and couldn't focus on doing school work, to the point where I was failing everything but the common core tests. (I was apparently also a genius, I just didn't like doing the school work.) Adderall was the first thing she tried, and it was down hill from there. My body was so fast at adapting to medicine, that at one point, my medication that i was on, couldn't be given, because I was on the highest dosage, medically allowed. After that, it was tests where they pay you to take the medicine for a week or so, a study of sorts, and then see what happens, and how effective it is. I stopped taking adhd meds in the 7th grade because IT ALL STOPPED WORKING. So, maybe I'll go back and try medication again, because I might need it, but, for now, we cope.
5:23 i feel so called out
I've done my fair share of research on ADHD and I have come to the conclusion that I may be one of the many people that do have ADHD. I have many people tell me that I do including those that actually have ADHD, but I kinda don't want to look into it because I just have other things I want to focus on. A lot of the symptoms that people talk about are the same things I go through daily. I could check this out but like not right now because it feels too strenuous and I just found something else out that is super cool so I'll probably do that instead. I also forget that I should probably bring this up to someone but I haven't gotten around to it. Anyways, I probably wont find out anytime soon but I felt like putting this out there even though I don't have a reason to, just wanted to say something.
I have ADD and struggled with medication for years. I literally just found out yesterday there are ADHD coaches?! I've been diagnosed for more than half of my life, I was like 12 when I was diagnosed and the only thing that has ever been introduced to me by all of my medical professionals was drugs, and you mean there are other options that can help me 😮 I'm going to research alternatives more. I also read about a study that said taking ADHD medications long tern can make your symptoms worsen over time when you're not on your meds, and mine is already really bad...
Press 1 --" In AMerica."
This isn't nessisarly a medication more than it is a supplement but I find taking two pills of choline helps me.
Unsubscribed successfully!
This guy’s voice has changed a lot in the last few years. He’s doing this cutesy voice now.
Just as a heads up, there is an extended-release variation of Adderall, which I take. I also find it problematic to say that you are essentially taking meth. I suppose compositionally, this could be true. But the effect it has on you is not the same. Talking with another friend with ADHD, I learned that there are some who expect the medicine to to fix learned skills. Like when we talk about focus, it's not just the ability to sit down for an extended period of time. There are skills that you now have to develop that you couldn't before being medicated. So for anyone taking meds for the first time and finding certain tasks still difficult, this could be the reason and you may want to learn about what the common skill deficits are that you can begin to learn with the newfound ability to focus. For example, learning to break down tasks and write out steps so that they become concrete and grounded was something that I had to develop once I started meds.
Meth is literally an adhd medication though, you listed it in the beginning (Desoxyn) 😊
2:39 she hot?
I quit taking my ADHD meds cold turkey, and for about 2 days I was experiencing withdrawals. I felt like I was high so I loved it (I was in highschool)
tbh if ssris didnt destroy my jaw i'd take them all life long. I can be annoying on ssris but average annoying, since people are annoying sober and boy does it feel good.
As A Person Who Has ADHD I Can Confirm That The Medication Helps, Before I Had It I Was Like Hey, I Should Clean The House! But Then My Brain Was Like, No, You Should Watch Your Favourite Television Show! And I Took HOURS Trying To Decide, And Never Did. Now, I Can Focus On What I Was Originally Trying To Do And Way More, They Really Help.
Your stick man’s action are exactly how I act in real life haha
Stickmen videos have started to dominate my algorithm
Just so you know GOING OFF YOUR MEDS WHEN YOU EXPERIENCE SIDE EFFECTS IS ALMOST ALWAYS BETTER THAN TAKING THEM FURTHER. Best case scenario you call your local hospital, just tell them what you're taking and your symptoms and they can tell you if you can safely stop taking it, 9/10 times it's a big "yes".  The hospital doesn't generally need your whole medical history, although it's better if they do, in any case it's better than idk getting heart problems because the medication is thinning your blood, and ending up in the hospital by ambulance.
I want that plushie in the shop. But I don’t have money. :(
My gf also tried getting on meds for her adhd and she got the same symptoms of withdrawal/discontinuation  that she gets when she takes and goes off of one of her ssri/ssnri meds. I'd love if the psych didn't make her keep taking them as they always make her sick but "it's not a reported symptom" so it's not important.  Suck too bc for the first time in her life therapy was actually working, till the meds made her so sick she was in bed all day and thought it was seritonin syndrome.
I feel like a lot of ADHD treatment lacks in like, learning who we are on, off and w diff meds. Like learning how to learn to be diff. I've started Concerta like a month ago and it's helping buuuuut I think maybe I'd like a bit above my starting dose, but its def better than not taking it.
I couldnt finish the video its too boring. Adhd strikes again
so for me, i take 1 medication until it stops working(Adderall) and then i take a break from it were i cant do anything. im trying to setup a cycle(like take Adderall for 2 weeks then take Ritalin for 2 weeks). but whenever i bring it up, my request is avoided, like someone trying to avoid a question
What are your thoughts on nonstimulants, like Clonidine?
WIELKA POLSKA GUROM
Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu 5 gram odlecieć sam w krainę zapomnienia taratatata tadadada tutututu. Phrogs are cool
this is so true
If you only go to doctors for a pill fix, your life will be hell. Doctors are great, don't get me wrong. They are not super people and they will pill you up because some hot sexy rep said they can use a drug (that makes them lots of money) can now be used for a new "symptom" Always try the least evasive methods first.  Btw these drug are super Invasive.
This is too relatable lmao
This is all very interesting and informative but seriously is there a direct link for the cow? 0:02
It's really nice to hear others having had that feeling of being so obsessed about with a medicine working that you take it out of denial of the negatives, it feels incredibly validating
Great vid, very validating! 😊 Just didn’t like the “meth” part. It’s stigmatizing. The meds already have such a bad reputation and it’s creating a lot of trouble. It’s an official, legal, heavily researched medication and its similarity with a certain drug doesn’t make it something bad. There is a lot of other meds which can be missused or are chemically similar to smthn illegal. It doesn’t have to work for some ppl but for others it can make a big change in their life.
This channel is just constant Dopamine trips with every single sudden random moment like hitting a laptop with a hammer
Honestly, I can live with the lack of focus as long as my ability to *do* is there, so I would have been fine with the Adderall.
I love this video.
Everyone just metions the focus problems with ADHD, but I’m tired of my social challenges and looking at the world completely differently😢
abcd
I had to keep rewatching the video i couldn't focus, i kept spacing out  😂😂😂
im now off adhd meds and ive never been happier i can function somewhat normally but i still do have some trouble with focus so i just have small fidget toys to help
Dude same! They said the out of breath feeling was anxiety. So they gave me medication for that and I eventually said screw this and went cold turkey. Luckily I’m fine as well. That was after like 2 years of trying things.
Meds are part of the solution people don't realize it takes some mental work as well that's why pairing therapy and psychiatrist is the best recipe for results
2:13 well explained, tbh? Executive dysfunction is one of my worst symptoms now. And the medication just let's it disappear in thin air.
Haha yeah when I took the meds It helped but I was Constantly tired and my allergies were getting bad like stuffy nose or itchy eyes and yeah I stopped taking them and now I am still getting through a messy brain haha
Cannot express how many times I have started something and by the end of the day I have done a little of 40 different tasks instead of just the one.
Your experience on meds is like mine without. I could do physical tasks all day long. I just couldn’t do mental ones, like writing, calling people, paying bills, writing code, etc. I would hyper-focus like your example with vivian or whatever that medication was. Aderall absolutely helped me focus on mental tasks. It was like night and day.
my experience with adderall has been the exact same
You probably built up a tolerance to adderall a common work around is to not take it on for one or two days of the week
Funy how you mentioned about getting dostracted on the internet and thats how i got here😅
Relatable
From my experience with ADHD, good habits are key. Having the ability to recognize when you are off task and focus back in on what you are supposed to be… I should go to bed. You get the point.
1:05 "hmmmmmm" 1:34 "oh no. i can R E L A T E"  This was quite literally me on the math exam last week... Well, not really, but... lemme explain I hadn't prepared for this exam properly (doing ✨everything ✨ on the last minute hell yeaaaah) so I couldn't do much when I was, well, there, doing my exam. I tried to do as much as I could, but my nervous thoughts like...  "Why we couldn't start this preparation two days before??" "I'm such a dumbass" "My classmate is so hardworking. I hope he will pass this test this time. And I didn't even try to make my situation better.." "I can't google it, I should do everything myself! What if the teacher notice??" "I think he hates me already" "Just concentrate" "Oh, cool, he left for a phone call. This doesn't change anything cause I'm still s u p p o s e d   t o   d o   i t   m y s e l f" "I love my life, actually. Even if we won't pass, it will not ruin everything. Yes, it will be hard first time, but we will make things work. The most important thing is to be patient for yourself. I love my life as it is, all those little things and interesting thoughts and feelings-" "-It's all very cool, man, but right now we are on the math test, can you shut up?" "He is left for more then a three minutes already. I feel so bad. Everyone is chatting and helping eachother. Why am I so stupid? Perfectionistic dumbass" "Please just read the task" "Sight, he is back. Now I don't need to worry about cheating. Still can't do any task though" "What do we remember?!" "10 minutes left. I did one task out of 8. Niceeeeeee"  ... didn't help me concentrate
my mom still trying to find a pills that would work on me. I won't gonna say they not work at all but I feel like theres some better than what I have now ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Im 15 now and I feel like my brain and me are two different creatures and I literally cant control it :c  I am hyperactive and inattentive, but sometimes my brain gives such a strong stream of thoughts that even my hyperactivity does not help and I feel as if I worked for a month without days off (in fact, I did not even do one task). Insomnia is especially annoying due to the fact that I can't control the energy boost 👍 for my insomnia, I found one way to get around it (maybe it will help someone with ADHD) - when you feel a strong stream of thoughts, do not hold it back in yourself, but try to just speak as it comes to mind, in a whisper. It helps me calm my brain and sooner or later after a whisper I fall asleep (don't forget to warn your family about this so they won't worry about you lol),   p.s. it do not has to be related thoughts, for example, mine are always different and no sentence is related to another  edit: someone in a comments said that ADHD is an experience lmao, took that shitty experience away from me please
Haha chemicals go
Try “everyday dose” , is a mushroom coffee, lions main & chaga. First dose might make you unsure but after that it’s pretty great. It’s worth a try & they have a cheap holiday starter package on sell now. Mushroom or matcha flavored. & I totally get you with the meds not fixing everything or having side effects.
Sounds like you ate up your serotonin reserves.
the polish cow serch biały węgorz english :)
#justiceforcompy
Adderall stopped adderraling during the shortage. 100% they changed up the formula.
I watched your ADHD Video and I think I might… I Might need to talk to my doctor. I haven’t suffered too much detriment but I think I accidentally weaponized mine? Assuming I have it
I read this as acid but medicated. 💀
So I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 18, however, apparently I showed a lot of signs when I was kid, but never properly, actually diagnosed and medicated until I was 18 😂😂 Anyways, and I am 22, almost 23 in a couple of weeks, since this is December I've been on Vyvanse. For I would think. We are 4 years now, and there's a huge difference in my personality and the way I act with and without my Vyvanse.😂😂😂😂😂
I need that cow video in my life!
Nah, I as supposed to be practicing piano…. And now I am here
I want that song
Hi! i currently take Quillivant, and it helps me so much with stuff i am doing and it works way better than other meds i have tried. Diffrent meds work for diffrent people, i'm just sharing my perspective.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaJusnQ88UY
DONT FORGET TO UNSUBSCRIBE
agree, vyvanse is far too much focus - but you don’t focus on the right thing !!! also makes me throw up sometimes :/ and i forget to eat
Hahaha that cut to the flattened dopamine was wildly funny
The "who's the guy in charge here?" bit SENT ME
I used to take concerta, but I didn’t felt that good, like I felt tired and that my lips dried.
I have my volume maxed out but you're still so quiet
You literally just described being on too high of a dose.
Caffeine usually does the truck for me. Gfeul works.
6:20 - this is super relatable. Same exact situation, been on and off vyvanse for a while, when it works, it works great as long as I don't hyperfocus on the wrong thing. But many days I get this out of breath chest pressure sensation for hours and it drives my hypochondria through the roof and I hyperfocus on the out of breathness. Been trying to find a solution. Propranolol kinda helps, sometimes. Good to know I'm not alone here
2:56😴😂 D.   B. A
5 miligrams...? Yo i started with 60... at 8...
When I first took my ADHD meds I had felt like a zombie, and I got really worried. There was nothing I was thinking about, my mind wasn’t clouded and I was just DOING stuff I was tasked with doing. It felt scary until I went to my psychiatrist and talked to her about it.   When she told me “Yes, that’s what happens when you don’t have those circulating useless thoughts that ADHD gives you. You’re not clouded by anything.” It felt like a fucking lightning bolt. I realized I had the ability to just do things that I wanted to do and focus on the things I wanted to. It felt so right.
Vyvanse is awesome I am so appreciative for it
I lost it when the meds kicked in the door to the eight trumpets playing at once, and poor dopamine was in the corner all fucked up. A C C U R A T E 🥲
So Vyvanse turned you from ADHD to Autistic. as an autistic adult, the problem is normally hyper focus. The problem with hyper focus is everything is x2 or x3, or x4.... ect... so like the rocket documentary, hyper focus turns the dopamine it gives me up to 11, but going to work and having to focus on the aches and pains of my body because i cant focus on anything else becomes a form of torture
Shloommy
Dude the first time i watched your videos i knew you had ADHD LMAO
i took ADHD meds too but i only got headaches from it. no pros only cons so i stopped taking them and its back to how it was before
Caregiver Here. I swear i only hear half on what is said in shift takeover. And i forget half of what i heard later on. Im a bad listener, so im bad at taking notes. Then at home im like: shit i forgot this and that.
His process to achieve a completed task, literally described my trip to this video
ADHD is the reason why im glad im a nerd
Why is it that every single person experiences these symptoms and that every single person that goes to the doctor and asks about adhd just so happens to have it?
I totally relate to this!
So relate to this. Was on ritalin and it was giving me anxiety but generally working so they put me on slow release ritalin and now it's not working enough. I just feel like I am missing the usual brain fog i have but that's it. No focus or drive. I might have to change again.
a couple of reflections on your video: 1. you will become more focussed on whatever you are doing (math, dishes, watching videos about cats) when you take stimulants because you are flooding your brain with dopamine, and that just makes anything and everything infinitely more interesting. 2. You seemed to have rubbed up against the bigger problem here: how we define productivity in our society. Achievement in our modern, capitalist state is fright with many problems, and meaninglessness is probably the biggest. Good luck on your journey!
YOU SHOULD SMOKE WEED
I probably have ADHD, of course I am not a self-diagnose, but this is actually very relatable. I somehow stay STABLE as my grades... fluctuate. heavily. I sometimes go from F's to A+'s and continues. it sucks. The reason this is so relatable is because i just cant.. ever focus on any youtube video, and then I focus so much on something (never taken meds before) that i just.. spend all of my time on it and waste the time on something i didnt even want to do.
Anyone know the name of the dancing cow song at the start?
The video on the laptop in the beginning was doing something to my brain and was putting me into a trance. What was that…
Fun fact: Adderall and vivanse are practically the same compound, the difference is the delivery system.
When I told everybody I had ADHD they told to me to suck it up and act like a good person. I was like “excuse me?” And everybody called me an idiot who couldn’t get anything done, they said I procrastinated all the time and that I was the definition of “lazy” it makes me mad considering these were random idiots from middle school who pick their nose too much to know what ADHD is.      So I’m like. “Hmm. Ok I’m gonna practice my clarinet at the last hour of the day.” I go on with my life for 4 hours binging adventure time. It’s 7:00, at this point I’m like “psshhhh I’ll do it tomorrow.” The cycle repeats for 17 days. And I’m like “wait I didn’t practice my clarinet.” And my productive side is like “your 17 days in the past right brain.”   “Ok what’s two plus two?”  Left brain: fo- Right brain: hey how many pickles can fit inside aaa ummm a a aaaaa a *pause* PICKLE JAR!  “Uhhhh” LB: if you’ll let me speak dear sir- RB: hey have you seen that new Fortnite update? Really cool huh? Speaking of which that reminded me shxnnsnxnsj uhhh shsj s have you done your homework, wait we’re at school uhhhh  LB: Uhh I- “SOMETHING. IS. COMPELLING. ME. TO. THINK. ABOUT. LITERALLY. ANYTHING. ELSE.” RB: good, now that you’re suggestible, should we beg mom for McDonald’s when we get home? “:p yesh dats good ideaa.”  The cycle repeats.   And now the skit when I’m on mah pills.  “If the input is 5 and the output is ten, and the next input is 10 and the output is 20, what is the equation?” LB: i x 2= o RB: LET ME OUT I DONT WANNA BE IN A TIMEOUT! pills: SHUT UP IMAGINATIVE ONE, YOU DONT LEAVE UNTIL MR LEFT BRAIN IS DONE! RB: NOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAA pills: NOW WHOS IN CHARGE *Brusied and crushed to the ground hopes and dreams* pills: D:
Cypis song about coming down from cocaine and having a crash is a hell of an Easter egg in a video about going off ADHD meds 😅  PS. Great & funny story telling. Greetings from Poland 🙏
Oh yea all those feelings. Amphetamines in general, that’s a fantastic description.  My natural hyper focus gets to a point of your vyvanze. So I take rx downers instead 😵
Try azstarys
Polish cow song is amazing choice considering the lyrics 😂
This is VERY full circle for me. This has been happening to me for months, I’m on Vyvanse, it’s gotten so bad I’m seeing a respiratory doctor, it’s super interesting, idk why the out of breathe stuff happens
You took both meds of mostly the same working ingredient. You should go to psychiatrist and try something else. There are also non-stymulating meds. But I guess, the most important - you should start with planning your day. Then you take a pill and try to follow the schedule
Hello, I take Venvanse daily, and its a feeling of filter that i have. Filter of what should i think about. But i have experienced other medications. ADHD medications, in my opinion, are important! 6:05 but  as you said, you had the focus, you solved the problem, the task is now to you. And I think its interesting to see others opinions about it.
I was diagnosed as an adult. For me, task A is always create a to-do list. Then that extreme focus is completing that list.
What i learned _(with no help from the doctors)_ is that orienting yourself to be on-task when the meds kick in is only part of the battle. The best thing you can do is monitor your own behaviors and take some time to learn how it feels to be focused. Then practice those behaviors when not on the medication. For example, I learned that my memory becomes DRASTICALLY better when I _verbally tell myself_ what I'm trying to remember. So I made a habit of doing that for everything I could until it became an unconscious task like tying my shoes. Then the next time I took the medication, I could use that improved short-term memory to accomplish other things! And memory-retention isn't the only benefit! I kid you not, my dyslexia started getting easier to manage! It wasn't "cured", rather I was able to recognize when it was happening so I could take the necessary steps to recover the information it obscured.  I took Vyvance for the last 3 years of high school then stopped for 10 years. Got one job for ~3 months at a grocery store before covid hit, so life really decided that I should start over. So I did. I hit up my insurance, got ahold of a doctor, and now I'm taking Vyvance again! But 10 years without it hit hard, so I'm still recovering those good habits.
Bruuuu😂 the part of the trumpet is so real 😂😂
i stopped to watch the polish cow
try atomoxetine it's a fairly new drug but i heard it's actually preetty good. i haven't take it myself but from what i've read and heard from other people with a fucked up mind like ours it seems to work really well.
I have some important advice for those with really bad ADHD such as myself who were once prescribed medication for it.  A lot of the time ADHD meds (in America) is just some sort of legalized low dose psuedo meth. In rare cases its outright literal low dose meth... Best to do your research on what you take. And then take into account your doctor's reason and use your new knowledge to best utilize it for yourself. It's best to ration out your pills for days where you absolutely need focus. Personally, I just learned to live with my bad ADHD. The real medication is discipline and control. Deprive yourself of impulsive needs and utilize the meds to train you to focus. When your off your meds remember the feeling and do everything you can to focus. Let it be work or someone talking. Through discipline I am able to control my ADHD.  Don't rely on meds forever as they can cause problems for you and change you. Just thank America for your legal meth and use it responsibly to instill discipline, get things, and to avoid procrastination.
Funnily enough one day i forgot about several peoples names that i knew and i had to ask, it was not fun.
The ass thing is simple problems pose no issue. Especially in IT. I think okay do this or change this cord bla bla bla. But it becomes much more involved and requires more thinking, my brain just goes "Okay, ya know what. This is bullshit. I'm bailing."  and I just don't feel like doing the involved thing anymore. I know the thing needs to be done. But brain just says "Gl with that, I'm out." Its only under threat of punishment that I can kind of force things to occur. Even then its not always spot on.
Me watching this video instead of working on my history final project and study for the final exam (is tomorrow)
Try one called elvanse (or lisdexamphetamine if they need the scientific name (somehow nailed lisdexamphetamine but took 7 tries to spell science)) it's got the same affects as vivanse but weaker so it's less in your face. That's what I take and it works great.
vyvanse experience too real i cant wait to switch meds 💀
I wish to hear more of that dancing cow song!
Personally I hate adhd medication, because it’s not like antidepressants where you’re taking them to feel better, you’re literally taking them to make yourself become a more acceptable member of society, because people can’t seem to accept a person whose focus is inconsistent and whose energy comes out in bursts. It’s like cutting off your face because it’s ugly or something
Justice for compy!
My psychiatrist straight up won't give me a stimulent, so instead, im taking an anti-anxiety/anti-depressant that is sometimes prescribed for adhd called bupropion (it also is an anti-smoking med). My issue is that (i think) my anxiety is due to my inability to do tasks. The upside is i have lost this persistant feeling of dread i had an stopped stress sweating at every instance of the day so thats a plus.
I took Ritalin a couple of times in the past, but each time after 2-3 years i got depressive from the medication, which went away when i stopped taking it.
hey stop i wanna watch the cow
idk how this works in the USA, but in where I am in Europe I am allowed to take my ADHD meds whenever I want to... and not whenever I don't. They don't stay in your system, you don't have to ease them out like antidepressants. So stopping them, or taking them only sometimes is an agreed on thing with my doctor and completely fine.
I have adhd
Okay but where do i find the cow Video?
Imma do a quick talk about meds and dangerous drugs. Its random,, but bear with me. The Adderall and meth thing, I'm not a pharmacist, but I take a med that is a borderline hard-core drug. And its so weird. A part of me is annoyed that we got two meds that are supposed to help you, and then someone says "hey ya know its like taking this/its ingredients are just like that." I'm just all "why yes, and we share a lot of the same 'ingredients' with bananas." And another part is like "well, at least there's a doctor who is hopefully monitoring your progress." The medication i take is OTC Midol. And I was told again and again that Midol/Acetaminophen is like crank/has the same ingredients as crank/is used for crank. And crank isn't crack. I have no idea if this is true. But if it is, I dont care because I don't have choices when it comes to menstrual pain. Even if the first day, I feel numb/tired/high as a kite, I rather that than a pain that makes me wanna die. I know ADHD and pain are vastly different, but some people need lighter meds or stronger meds, and then saying its like this dangerous med feels... harmful? Makes ya turn paranoid a bit. Yes it can be helpful, but it really depends I guess.
If I made a video on this topic so far, it would be the exact same but backwards. I was given vyvanse first and that made me out of breath and made my heart race/ bp go up. Stopped that, currently on Adderall and don't really know what to do bc I'm desperate to make it work. They help but it's more like I have physical energy not the mental motivation sometimes.
7:24  "Is ThAt A mAsK rEfErEnCe?"   I hate myself for that one don't laugh....
I also have adhd and I take concerta. It helps but no one listens when I say they don’t work for me(I have a lower dose because I’m not the “stereotypical” adhd so they alway think it works because i don’t fully show symptoms that others do).
My ex also has ADHD and one day he came over to help clean and rearrange my room because it was a thing I had wanted to do for a while. He suggested I try his Ritalin while we do this because it was a quarter of the normal dosage to act as a "take as needed" type of prescription, we'd be in my home and he would be present if anything went wrong.  Before the Ritalin kicked in, I was *so apprehensive* to do anything. Like I had to *force myself* to do the bare minimum because my body and brain was that incapable of helping with *my room.* But then when it kicked in, I suddenly took charge with everything, I was going from task to task with 0 issue, and my ex had noticed and he went "How are you feeling? Are the meds helping?" And I just stopped in the middle of what I was doing and tried to "turn my thoughts off" and it *worked.* And when I went "Okay, thoughts back on" I knew *exactly* where I had left off on the task and continued about the project.  It was so funny near the end too, because his dosage was wearing off while mine was at the peak and my surge protector (florida) crapped out when moving it to a new outlet, and I needed it for my computer. Non-medicated me would've been like "Oh dang, I *guess* I can make it work with two outlets...Just gotta unplug the lamp or something. But Medicated me went "Oh, it's like 6pm. There's a hardware store 5 minutes down the road that's open until 7, lets go get a new surge protector" and my ex did the "Do we *haaaaaave* to???" And then I started going "Oh, I also need screws to fix the bedroom door hinge, and while I'm there we could get some new tools I've been needing for a hot minute."  I haven't had a chance to see a psychiatrist about medication due to being between jobs, but that experience was incredibly vindicating.
Yeah, ADHD meds were by no means a silver bullet for me.  Adderall can help me with focus, but it usually works better for motivation.  Changing my environment helped more with my focus than Adderall.
My ADHD, getting me to watch this random video, instead of doing my tasks
you gotta cut it with ativan N00B
Shortness of breath like that can be a sign of a significant cardiac arrhythmia, which stimulants can cause. Not that this is medical advice, but anyone that has those symptoms when taking meds for ADHD should definitely talk with their doctor
I wished I had tried meds and I still want to but my parents never wanted to label me even though I was diagnosed. I’m grateful for that because I never used it as a crutch but I can’t help but imagine how much it would help because holy shit I’m a mess right now. Btw this was amazing. Especially the ad lmao
Funny thing that in population where people don't know what adhd is - nobody cares about that.  Need to admit that border between illness and normal uneducated brain work is really not obvious and in countries where farm companies rules - there is MUCH higher % of people with diagnosis and on  drugs, but in lots of different places   adhd type of thinking is cured with a lot of other ways (basically just hold yoursef in hands and concentrate for frin half an hour cmon), and actually they also work.
I have ADHD medication i'm not working Plus when I'm not taking it. I'm a little bit more productive even though I have ADHD
Try that Mud/Wtr thing, it helps my general focus a bit and is natural shit too. No drugs, just mushrooms. But not the magic kind cause those are drugs.
Wow exactly
vyvanse was also the first adhd med I took, I did it during online class and when the focus HIT IT HIT ME SO HARD. I couldn't do anything but draw the entire day I got nothing down.
I very recently started ADHD medicine, which I never thought of myself as having ADHD just autistic, but apparently theres a lot of overlap cause GOOD GOD MY BRAIN ISNT FOGGED!!!! IM NOT IN AGONY TRYING TO FOCUS WHEN ITS BORING!!!! MY BRAIN ISNT CONSTANTLY RUNNING AWAY THINKING ABOUT EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING ELSE GOOD LORD  Edit: am taking Vyvanse, and god the smack in the face of how much I could Focus was incredible, I found that my brain wasnt constantly trying to reach for every little bit of stimulation every 2 seconds. I still find myself doing that anyways but its a million times easier to stop myself from doing it.  Gee hope it works out in long run for me hfgshjghg
I feel like this is a missed opportunity to call the video adhd but complicated
interesting to me that your description of Adderall perfectly matches my ex-neighbor who had a addiction to meth. I'm not kidding. She would describe cleaning everything in the house, lots of descriptions of hand based work, including even wiping the entire ceilings with paper towels.
I know I have ADD because I made it a total of 2 minutes into the video before I got distracted. And I absolutely want to know the answers inside it.
3:04 It is midnight and i thought i should go watch something to sleep. But then I thought i should first delete some downloaded videos from my youtube. Which i did. then i saw this  video downloaded, so i thought lets watch it quickly and delete it, cause it takes like, no time at all. Now i just remembered that yesterday i noticed this pattern of wanting to do something important, then deciding to do this bunch of small things first, which end up taking the whole day.  I think i have adhd...
Holy shit your experience with Vyvanse is identical to mine. I thought for sure I was broken or questioned even still having ADHD at points but yeah it really is the monkeys paw focusing medicine huh
I'm narcoleptic and have tried pretty much all of the stimulant meds, which are also used for ADHD. It's so random how they interact with each person's biology. Like, Ritalin is supposedly milder than others, but even the lowest dose made my heart feel like it was gonna explode! I currently take a medium dosage of Vyvanse and barely notice, aside from being awake. And my friend had the exact opposite experience with those 2 meds!   Finding the right med feels like playing darts blindfolded, hoping if ya just keep throwing, eventually something will land.
Atomoxetine and Guanfacine are non stimulant ADHD meds that may work for those who have troubles with short and long acting stimulant adhd meds.
I also used Adderall for a bit, it worked really well because I always took them in the mornings before high school classes. Once college came around however, classes were spread out and once I got my first class of the day done, I started to slow down and was put out by my second class. I stopped taking Adderall and I started slipping with all my classes. Eventually I couldn’t deal with college anymore and moved back home. Now I’m stuck trying to find a job in the middle of nowhere. I’m not sure how I’ll be able to handle a job once I get one but I’m leaning towards physical work knowing I can do that easier than think work. I just need to not be a string bean…
Im the opposite. I need those meds or i literally start being unable to link thoughts together.  The only problem is i love coffee and drinking coffee just kills me while on meds.
Not me playing at 1.25x
First video i've watched of you and i love it!
my adhd made me just go to the next grade and not repeat it bc then i wouldn't want to repeat what i already did and unlike ice  cream sandwich i not only have adhd but i also have autism
nice vid, ty for sharing… i just wanted to know what was the song in the beginning with the dancing cow 😅
Wow, i watched about 5 Adhd videos, and this is a 4 time I heard about some space, spaceships and all that stuff😂😂 it's amazing, probably we're all get 'mad' about this)) I love museum of 🌌space🚀😂😂
The fact that I am watching this video instead of working on the project I'm supposed to work on right now... huh.
Love the video, I had to quit focalin xr after almost 2 years I was so exhausted from the emphetamines
I take Vyvanse for my ADD. Those symptoms Ice Cream Sandwich was having, is when you don’t take the pill frequently. ITS HORRIBLE. 🥲
Trying to achieve discipline with a pill is a great distillation of our culture.
as a person with ADHD, ive taken both vivace and adderall, vivace did nothing to help, but adderall helped a ton, and as of writing this im still on adderall and dont miss vivace for a second
no meds: inanimate object caffeine: anxiety elemental adderall: meth-powered roomba vyvanse: RNG-directed scientist combo(warning: do not): 48-hour sleepless productivity rampage followed by coma
As an avid vivance addicted adhd person my self, I’ve never actually had any side effects.  Interesting to see how different people are effected
First time I took ADHD med (Concerta before the shortage hit), I had soo much mental clarity and focus... It was strange not having strong impulses or intrusive thoughts. It felt... freeing..? I cried because I realized that's what I'm apparently "supposed" to be like to function "normally". It took 27 years for me to understand fully why I always struggled academically and generally... all because I had undiagnosed and un-managed ADHD and ASD.  Now I'm on Vyvanse. Only issue I had on medication is the lack of appetite and the resulting fatigue from not being able to eat more than a few small bites. But my psych prescribed me to use a allergy med off label to help boost my appetite again so now I'm functioning at my best with the Vyvanse.
Yeah the out of breath thing is from dehydration super comon with adhd stimulants. Its realty the bigest downside in the short term
me watching this video while working, filling out government documents, and making lists of things to do/buy "hmmm maybe i need to get tested"
Real.
How is this so relatable?
How do I find that cow video? Anyone? Pretty please <3
The only thing my adhd meds ever helped me with is getting enough sleep 🫠 I’m out here fending for myself during the daytime though haha
I’m just impressed that you’re motivated enough   to do animations even with your ADHD, i for one gotta put a lot of drive to start a single drawing. Good on you man.
I have ADHD and am currently taking medicine for it, it just helps make me not jittery but it works really well, I’ll comment what it is in my replies when I get outta school today
Intro song pleeese
ADHD without meds sucks dick, ADHD with meds is arguably worse
Anyone got sauce on the cow vid?
tldr: meds give you the tools but not the ability, you need to consistently exercise your skills if you want a real change, and therapy can help you with that  The thing with medication is that you also have to go to a therapist, not just a psychiatrist, medications do not change your way of thinking or your behavior, medications help your brain regulate its chemistry, but to function propperly you need to dvelop  the ability to regulate your thoughts and behavior, that's what therapy is for.
Me who got adhd and a bit of autism to add…  My adhd meds are so helpful for school…. My ass just one day decided to take double for exams, 32mg…. But that gave me high blood pressure, also i take not aderol, its called medikinet, super helpful….   JUST DONT OVERDOSE
I want the cow video!
IS TODAY OPPOSITES DAY THOUGH? I asked my friend and they said it wasn't, but I think that it might actually be opposites day. Also, my vyvanse ran out and there's a shortage and this is day 1 and I'm not sure when it'll be refilled. Oh god, I think it might be opposites day for a week. I'm going to lose all of my friends when they find out it's opposites day..... or is it?
i recommend getting an adhd coach if you are having these problems. ADHD is a neurodevelopmental disability. Meds help some of the symptoms but they don't stop you from having adhd. learning how your brain works and tailoring your enironment and habits to suit it is going to be so much more effective, especially alongside meds, than just taking meds and changing nothing
I need adhd meds bro I’m so over life at this point why do I have to battle my brain to do the simplest things like brush my teeth? Why does any task with a whiff of tediousness make me unable to do it? It’s so ducking embarrassing, and on top of it I have autism so I can’t even properly communicate all my issues, people just think I’m weird and lazy and they’re right cos I can’t do anything right/well unless it’s interesting
Njeh Adderall isn't meth Ist Amphetamine sulfate Very pure racemic Amphetamine as in Adderall is more comparable to meth than street speed but also not really because methamphetamine is way more serotonergic. Took meth once and almost fell asleep several times, also it felt less "tweaky" and made me feel less "wired" (strange huh) but what really scared me about it was that unlike usual or unusual Amphetamines (designer drug bs) it didn't make me feel like i was put under high voltage but instead it made me feel everything was perfect. I was like "ah now i get why people sell their Grandma for this stuff" But also I remembered i had acquired this feeling before, when i regularly exercised, ate and slept well (actually meth didn't feel as good as that) so i was like "fuck this" and threw it away Been clean for 1½ yrs now and being prescribed vyvanse.
Meditation. It won't cure adhd or anything, but it helps manage it. Like hitting the reset button once a day to help reorganize everything.
ADHD works for some people and different medications work better for different people. It’s about finding what works for you. Also the medication can’t give you skills you don’t have so it can’t just do everything
Vyvanse didnt work for me because my gut doesnt absorb stuff properly, and it didnt like Vyvanse. Concerta works like a cham though. Meds are weird.
First thing I see is Cypis... video is for me :D
Don’t know if related to ADHD or not, but… it took me 30 min to watch this video. Just saying
i wonder if careful use of multiple meds could work, not at the same time of course but using different meds for different situatuons, one week you may use one drug and after a break to clear your system take another
i love your animation so much and this is my exact experience with adhd but im pre meds, im getting ritalin and im gonna see how it goes
oooo so for me i gained the ability to do one thing. for hours. absolutely no choice as to what that is. off adhd meds can be similar though... hm. but i can do math now!!! yay!!!
Why us tho?
It’s crazy that you had the exact same line of experiences and understandings as I did
Once I was on it but then it made me depressed so I stopped it. Kinda ended up having a mental breakdown in the middle of school.
brb gotta open polish cow i need to watch that vido
I’m a person with ADD (ADHD outdated term), and I take conserta. For now I think it helps me but I’m still very… how do you say?… Emotional? My emotions are very hard to control. Under pressure, especially talking publicly, I start to turn sweaty and red in the face. Which I’m sure the ADD brought on (what I’m guessing this is) undiagnosed Social anxiety. I am still a Teen so that may just be hormones but it still dosen’t feel right Yk? Anyways, I’m glad you feel comfortable not taking them!
can you link that cow video for reasons
Don’t forget To unsubscribe? I just subbed though 😔
I have ADHD but I medicate differently🍃💨
I feel like Adderall steals my entire personality and makes me flat as a pancake. It erases all my sparkle. That stuff does not work for me. I’d rather be a sparkly mess than functionally plain.
Vyvanse supremacy
I take Ritalin and Lamotrigine. My psych time me that the second one is to balance the possible mood swings that Ritalin may cause. It works really well.
You managed to finish making this video!! Good job buddy
Viv hurt me in special ways....😢
For me Elvanse worked good (Lisdexamfetamin) in it´s lowest concentration of 30mg on aprox. 85kg / 187lbs  bodyweight
Two months ago I was diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive type and I'm still grappling with which dosage of methylphenidate to take (10mg stopped working after a month, but 20mg makes my heart rate hover around 90 - 100 for most of the day) BUT I'M COMMENTING because I wanted to thank you for introducing me "Tylko Jedno W Głowie Mam" which played at the beginning of the video, as it's stupidly catch and ironically about taking coke and being on a downer. 😆 Helps if you speak Polish, though. 🙃  The video: https://youtu.be/8pIpi1HDEhU?feature=shared
So I’m undiagnosed, would eventually love to get a proper diagnosis and after this video may even try a prescription despite my reservation of pharmaceutical company business incentive. All that being said, the primary substance I have used that’s helped me in some ways, and is by NO MEANS a recommendation for everyone, is mushrooms. Every time I’ve come out of an experience with a decent dose (DO YOUR RESEARCH) for me, I’ve had more clarity. Still have a lot of the symptoms, sometimes though it feels like I’ve got a hang on the life stuff. Idk. It kinda feels like that bleeds into symptoms manifested via emotional and mental blocks territory.
I really like Ritalin!
“The ability to be able to” I’ve never heard more relatable words 😭
I love your animation style! I'm going to try and get tested next year and see where I want to go from there, but in the meantime take my sub :D
Have you tried a non stimulant med?
My ADHD granted me the luxury of getting distracted and figuring out what that weird song is called, "Gdzie jest biały węgorz? (Zejśćie)"
I tried so many medications as a kid to help with my adhd but nothing worked until last year my sophomore year of high school. I found the med Concerta. I didn’t realize it was working until I saw an improvement in grades and work ethic. Ofc I had to put in a tiny bit extra effort than usual to see change but it’s a start and I’ve honestly seen major improvements. This is just my experience but I’d say if ur considering adhd medicine try talking about Concerta the only major side effects are nausea or loss of appetite within the first week and other than that I only get nausea now whenever I don’t eat or drink enough. You do tend to drink more wanted with Concerta cause it can make u dehydrated more than usual. Anyways I’ve finally found one that works and I’m so happy
Sounds more like schizophrenia lol. They be all just perceptions
Love the video but, does anyone have a link to that dancing cow video?
Weird time to find out I have ADHD. That explains so much
Did you try getting a therapist instead of just a psychiatrist?
at some point you need to take acountability for your decisions and not blame it on your ADHD or the medications you take to treat the symptoms.
And there u go a new sub u earned !
If you with your mouth confesses that Jesus is Lord & dead for are sins, and in your heart believe that God raised him from the died, then you will be saved. Repent from sin and follow the Lord!
Imagine having no self control and relying on big pharma 😂😂 miss me with that pathetic shit, I love my ADHD.
it's not basically taking meth, idiots gotta stop saying this
Guh
IMOE: Strategies, Mindfulness alone doesn't cover me. Medication alone doesn't cover me.  I have to do all the things. Only all the things will help me do the things the neurotypical people appreciate and that I frequently am proud of myself for doing because it was not interesting but needed
Adderall made me paranoid after awhile. Ritalin was alright but it made me tired. Vyvanse has been the best but same issues, good some days and horrible other days. I just stopped taking it and I got really depressed for awhile. Suuuuucked.
I was told that i don’t have adhd by a psychiatrist but my therapist mentioned i could be. I align with so many symptoms but wasn’t diagnosed. i just don’t know how to go about it
Vyvanse is closer to meth than Adderall
Getting off the meds is one of the best things someone with ADHD can do IMO. I think that is the only way to create good habits that work for you. I hated the up and down of meds and relying on them to function. Once I took a step away, I started to form better habits that I never thought I would have. Just an opinion.
i have adhd and when my thoughts overlap i get concerned sometimes that it might be mild schizophrenia, i can easily juggle 4 convos or opinions at the same time in my head
If you and your psych are only focused on the meds, you’re not addressing the full issue. You need to add some cognitive behavioral therapy so that you can build the useful skills needed to navigate your adhd. The video doesn’t say if this was a part of the process, and if it wasn’t then your psych f’ed up and basically failed you
why do I feel like this could be the answer to my problems?????
It’s even worse when u have trouble keeping track of how u feel. I’m never really sure if a medication is actually helping or not
Fuuuck it’s 11 am
Ill come back to this video after i finish watching the full cow video
I take  vivance and I love it
Its all fake. Your just a regular normal person with nothing wrong with them. Get out of the system
I remember sniffing am-etamine right before school control work like a lil exam and I did it WAY TOO In detail so i got B not A and it was sad lol
I remember Adderall making me feel like a zombie as a kid. Looking back, maybe they were giving me too high a dose
What if the ADHD pills are blue and slightly glowing?
4:45 I heard that was a lie/misconception made up by neurotypicals/a Netflix "documentary" to prevent the ADHD uprising.
Adderall and Vyvanse are not available in my part of the world, we have methylphenidates (Ritalin, Concerta) or (lis)dexamphetamins (Tentin, Elvanse), which both sadly didn't work for me. Methylphenidate worked fine in the beginning, but I needed higher doses as the medication wore off sooner every day, somehow my body got resistant to it, and higher doses shot my blood pressure to dangerous levels. Elvanse (I think it's the same as Vyvanse) caused severe sleep deprivation and subsequent depression, and I couldn't legally drive a car while taking it, as it would turn up positive in a drug test. So I've decided to quit medication and cope with my ADHD. Which isn't easy, but since I've got diagnosed at age 52, I've been coping for a very long time.
Lol theyre all meth
The weirdest thing I found when I was testing meds was if your body didn't like vyvanse (dex) then it would be fine with ritalin and vice versa...
When I first started Vyvanse (Elvanse in the uk) I woke up setting up a linked in profile for myself
If this is adhd i think most people have it i just dont agree with it being a mental issue i thinks its juat how we as humans think and are
Vyvanse is just the equivalent of time released adderall. Basically the active ingredient is still an amphetamine, but it is a kind of precursor. It is synthesized into the amphetamine salt dextroamphetamine inside your body. Basically it doesnt burn off in a couple of hours. Everyone is different but 5 mg is a low dose. It is also interesting that your doctor started you on the adderall first thing. I only know what you have mentioned here but it sounds like you are more inattentive type. Adderall will make people without hyperactivity or hyper, and people without adhd almost behave like they have adhd in my experience. You might find Ritalin more productive too. Worth a shot. Also, no medication is going to take you all the way. The meds are half the battle and then therapy
This video…. Spot on!!
"Is the heat death of the universe something I need to be worried about?" as a random thought is so spot on. Thank you.
What’s the song in the begging called?
Life seems easier with Adderall but it sedated me😞still trying others
"You're essentially taking meth"  So doctors prescribe METH TO KIDS? What
Can you release that cow video, asking for a friend
5:32 Ice cream became autistic like me :D
ok so im 99% sure i have ADHD. im in high school tho, so idk how to tell my parents if i can get diagnosed? im confused how it works but i SO BADLY want to act like a ‘normal person’ and i wanna try meds. does anyone have any advice?? about anything? like how should i tell my parents or if meds even work well
I clicked off the video to watch the dancing cow video😂😂😂
while it may be difficult to comprehend (and afford), many people with severe adhd (which requires medication AND therapy) also require a 3rd or 4th medication as well.  An important role therapy and journaling can help with is identifying obstacles which can (and often must) be overcome WITHOUT medication (as in, treated with "therapy" or "healthy habits").  A quick google search into gratitude journaling, fear locating exercises/activities, mood trackers, meditation as well as some research into the average humans circadian rhythm and metabolism should provide some useful tips and guidelines. However, when practicing good attention/focus, always keep in mind the "why".  As in, "why am I doing this?" and "is this really making me happy?" are important questions. Evene question the questions!  as we say in certain circles, "release that which does not serve you".
I’ve been one meds for about a year now more or less, it still feels weird to me. I still think “Wow. This is how it feels to be neurotypical?!! I actually am getting stuff down??!”.  I had the similar experience of not being understood or taken to get this checked done a long time, I’m very grateful to have some help now. It’s not a foolproof solution but it works as good as it should and I’m very happy with that👍🏽  Also it really was not a surprise to know Andy had ADHD too; because it’s obvious from his videos lol.
Where would I find a 3 hr video of just the dancing  Cow?
Vyvanse changed my life.  Just started it a few months ago. I wish I started taking it sooner (in my 30s now) I take the 70mg around 5:30AM > kicks in around 6:45AM > lasts until 8pm ish which IS PERFECT! I work overtime often so long lasting steady effect is exactly what I need and I still feel like myself.
When you're on Vyvanse, you have to make sure to eat food and drink lots of water. It will make you feel anxious with symptoms kinda like what you described. When I say drink water, I mean actually drink a healthy amount of water. Like 8 glasses a day, plus any extra needed to account for things like salty snacks, water loss from exercising or sweating. Stuff like that.
Watched this when trying to hype myself up for cleaning my room, ended up watching diys
Adhd is like schizophrenia lite
It's a horror movie
I'm sure I have adhd (I closed the video at the 3th minute. I came back to comment)
I did get lasea, dont know how its named somewhere else, but it helps me to stay more focused, its no special medication.
To me the only way to fix ADHD temporarily is sleeping pills 😂
Sadly, not in my country
my god... your voice iis asdkljfahsdkljfhaskldjfhaldsjk
I need the cow vibing video immediately
To be highly capable but never actually do anything is a curse. ADHD.... i could have been so much more
ive been avoiding my very necessary for next step of life tasks by cleaning shit around my house
I accidentally stumbled on Modafinil when the doctors thought I had narcolepsy. Turns out it was sleep apnea and it was treating my ADHD. It had a great deal of focus and the ability to just do things
Try concera it really helps me to focus and stay productive
This guys actually funny in a child like sense but still I love his enthusiasm and silliness “don’t forget to unsubscribe…. Wait?”
Yeah, this story sounds similar to me. 🤩 So I tried vivanse and aderoll a few years ago aaaand it was neat and worked for similar to how you described reasons... but I ended up getting off meds all together.. I didn't like how they made me feel in general 🫨 I exercise 3x a week, go about my day using the reminder app on my phone, and so far so good. GL to all out the fellow ADHDers out there! On the plus side we're super smart as long as we can focus 🙃
An easier solution to symptoms if adhd is to stop mass consuming media and just focus on menial tasks that are quick to complete. Di that for about 3 months and you can start to reset your dopamine loop.   The dopamine circuit is not supposed to be constantly stimulated it is a reward mechanism to make you feel accomplished after a task and it ends with a shot of epinephrin upon completion, which releases serotonin.   So if your brain has trouble right now maintaining proper balance if dopamine, it is likely you have fried your brain with overstimulation.. social media, entertainment and whatever. 2 weeks of detachment should start the process. You ought to see gradual improvement as time goes by.   The way i see ir, adhd is a coping mechanism to stress.
For me the vyvanse works most of the time. But not completely. I work in an office fille with chaos. Not that it has to be chaos. It just is.
2:45 Is that really ADHD? Or is that just procrastination... not wanting to tackle the hardest thing at hand doesn't seem like a disorder.
Bro this exactly how my brain sounds
this is validating. I have been taking different medications for the last 2 years and so far they have changed my experience for either the worse or just no better. Like I'll be less anxious but unable to think properly and feel like a zombie. Or I'll be able to focus, but on the wrong things and WAY too anxious to function. I'm currently on a non-stimulant because that's the only that doesn't make me freak out and it's luckily stopped my thought spirals :) however I am as unproductive as ever lmao
Focusing on the wrong thing while medicated is a mood if I’ve ever felt one.
Jesus christ.  Your unmedicated day is my everyday, even medicated, without the structure of an externally imposed schedule. P.s. Adderall, mixed dextro and levoamphetamine salts, isn't meth, aka methamphetamine.
I was medicated when I was a little kid and I hated it. It made me angry. I lost a lot of weight. I didn’t like being around anyone. I am no longer medicated and I’m MUCH happier. BUT I’m extremely unproductive and I procrastinate everything. To the point where I feel I’m falling behind in life. But I’m happy….?
I was diagnosed with 31, it explained everything.😄I don't take any meds, no need for that. It's nothing wrong with me, I'm just not like most people and that's more than okay. I have a very good Master of Arts and I love my work (in my homeoffice). Not we are the problem, the system is. Just find your own way of doing things.
Stopped taking my meds a few months ago because I was losing too much weight. It absolutely nuked my appetite. Also the crash in the afternoon sucked. I liked my focus and productivity but the trade offs weren't worth it to me. Tried 3 different meds and they all had the same side effects.
guys! i wasnt paying attention i was just reading the comments 😔
Vyvanse fucked me up. Made me super anxious. Focalin made me sleepy, of all things. Adderall works best for me, but I was on a super high dose for a couple years and wanted to lower it because it made me feel like a burned out candle. And now my dose is probably too low, because I get to the physical task point but can’t get to the mental tasks. And I used to get to the mental tasks.
I feel so seen GAHAGA
This is so epic
Had a lot of bad experiences until I tried concerta. I can focus and choose what to focus on. For me the problem was Adderall, vivanse included. Concerta just made me better without the meth like engine burn
I took Ritalin as a kid....worked, but made me do risky and violent things.
As someone with ADHD thinking sbout getting back on the meds after many years off them, this video just gave me less hope, thank you. 😂
7:18 Actually it's recommended to take breaks from medication on weekends and holidays. Edit: Ok, maybe not in this example where you're still testing the meds. I feel the same way about ADHD medication. Right now I have the lowest dose of medikinet, and I feel like if I take it everyday that it builds up in my body, the benefits lower and side effects get worse. I'm sorry if your doctor didn't relay this information properly. It was a journey for me as well.
Rather than drug out your gift, you drug it and you away. Maybe you should find who you are and be the best at it? Instead of drowning it.. Some us became fd up for years trying to be what we weren't. Via drugs... neurodivergance vs neurological.. study upl
Idk wether you know the lyrics of the song in the beginning or not but I can assure you - it's a perfect fit
This whole video was so validating. Like the intense hyper focus, the out of breath feeling that no dr seems to be able to understand…all of it.
Man I feel the "Super HYPER FOCUS" on the wrong thing. Sigh.
you lost me at nord vpn
guh chain 👇
5 mg adderall is light homie, you gotta go big mode
Out of all the adhd videos. This is the one that i actually forcused on haha
A whole story that could’ve been avoided with  average foolishness of western medicine
if you're getting symptoms like that stop the meds immediately or lower the dosage massively, if you can't contact your GP right away that's fine, his advice to never stop taking meds unless your GP tells you to is absolutely terrible. keep using your brain, it even says to quit using it if the side effect get too bad in the medication manual.
Adderall is NOT meth, not even close, and even meth has medicinal use, specifically FOR adhd, just like vyvanse has different uses from adderall.
The great part about this video is that it constantly switches between things keeping other ADHD people’s attention on the video 😂
This is me!!!  The meds make me hyperfocus on the wrong thing and its hard to stop!
CBT, meditation, regular exercise, and a healthy diet are way more effective than meds will ever be. Most ‘ADHD’ is treatable by cost free intervention that actually helps someone to function and feel simultaneously. We are living through the profiting from a dysfunctional and technology dependent social structure.
Oh my god! It's not just me who starts cleaning like a maniac on meds??? Ive taken both Adderall and Vyvanse. Got off meds for similar reasons to you but I'm back on as a desperate attempt to make it through my last semester od school. I also have the same issues with the meds that you did! For now, its worth it, but I'll probably go back off them. Vyvanse makes me have OCD symptoms. It's nuts
Great video man!
my polish cow
I’m on vyvanse and it took a while to find what dose worked for me. I had consistent productivity until Seasonal Affective Disorder arrived and all I want to do is sleep. I was actually taking a much smaller dose than many people. I was on 10mg for 3 months or so, and then 20mg for another 3 months. I’m currently testing 30mg dosage and seeing how I feel. Vyvanse gives me waves of that “I just exercised” feeling, I have to stop taking it every now and then to have a normal appetite 😅I find when I take too much I get that FOCUS that ends up directed at the wrong thing, when I take too small of a dose I’m only slightly more capable at being human. The sweet spot allows me to focus while taking breaks when needed
This video does have some good things to talk about though calling Adderall “basically meth” is extremely harmful since they aren’t the same thing whatsoever.
Vyvanse was a game changer.  Protein is a must when taking it though
Does ADHD have to be treated with meds? can it be treated with like, CBT or anything?   Also if it is only meds, can you sort of take them as and when you need them?
I was diagnosed with ADHD at 4 and medicated for it almost my whole life. Turns out the whole time I was actually autistic😂 So watch out for that i guess.
Does anyone else find that playing an instrument or singing or dancing or any kind of rhythmic activity that mixes the mind and the body together really helps to make all the energy in your body make sense? You know what I mean?
My distractibility is so bad, I couldn’t even get through this six min video without having to rewind it several times because I had started daydreaming and I paused it three times to get up and start doing something else. 🙃 And it’s not even because I wasn’t interested! I am super interested in the subject and I really like the way the content creator has told this story. But unless I go into a deep focus where I get so into something that I don’t feel hungry or I don’t realise I need the toilet until I’m about to pee myself and then I see the time and four hours have gone by in what felt like about one hour or something, it just isn’t possible for me to sit quietly and still and pay attention. ADHD is like drugs without drugs anyway lol. 🙃
Changing pfp?
what the, this is literally my story verbatim. I took Ritalin for a long time, switched to Concerta (longer lasting medication similar to vyvanse) and started to feel feel super out of breath, jittery, shakey, manic, generally horrible, and my social skills were shot dead after like 2 years of taking it with not much issue. Unlike you tho I didn't stop taking it and spent my entire first year of college living in a medicated fog before I decided to stop before starting my sophomore year. I feel great now but my ADHD is stronger than ever so that's great.  Edit: I quit Ritalin for many of the same reasons I weaned of Concerta (safely), it made me shakey, manic, and out of breath
Just recently got diagnosed but haven't gotten my meds yet, so while I wait I figured it'd be a good idea to go around actually looking at real accounts of how ADHD meds work for people and I'm honestly so discouraged because 90% of them are "oh I was taking them for a bit and they worked great, and then problems happened so I'm not on medication anymore." My whole entire life I've just been dealing with everything collapsing around me because of all of these symptoms, and then I'm told I can get medication so I spend literal years trying to get an official diagnosis and when I finally get one it's just like "yeah there's a big chance this medication isn't going to really help long term"???? I've worked so hard to get to this point, and the only thing that's been really getting me through it all is knowing that by the end I'd be able to get medication that will make me actually function the way I'm supposed to for once in my life, and now I'm hearing from so many people that it might not even do that or it might even make things worse. If meds don't work, what am I even supposed to do at this point?? I can't carry on like this, I'm too tired.
this video is so validating <3 i'm twenty and i was diagnosed with adhd this summer after failing/withdrawing from multiple classes in college. originally, i was put on strattera and had VERY very adverse mental side effects. eventually i was put on adderal and it's WILD how much change there's been. my room's cleaner than it's been in probably ten years, i can actually sit and write an esasy, and the strange dissociated haze i've been living in has become clearer. the stigma still makes me overthink and question if taking "m3th" is worth it in the long run, but it's going good for now :)
adhd meds are a touchy subject,,, i've taken a good chunk of these mentioned and have had similar experiences meds suck half the time(for me, not for everyone) this video was really validating. glad to see funne animator with similar experiences.
Yes! Vyvanse will make you REALLY inspired about litterally anything at the start. It was so funny that you got that too! You don't have to take the medications every single day though. To get the best out of Vyvanse, sometimes I just have to go a week without it. I've never gotten sick from it though.
i have ADHD but its like if i am interested i can easily follow a task,but if its something boring its impossible for me to concentrate  suddenly those trumpets look waaaaaaay more interesting than my new math presentation
You may not have adhd bro. All the stuff you described on the meds is  how it is to have adhd. The hyper focus from the second pills and the task focus is just regular meth focus. I go through cycles of both without the meds. In the meth meds, I can act on my mental plans. They are no longer separate processes and my memory/time recognition get a lot better.
that is such an apt description of how adderall works though it's. the effect is very understated compared to other stimulants.
Yeah, cold turkeying your meds is bad. I blacked out while driving over a rail bridge on a corner. I'm lucky it only lasted two seconds and I didn't side swipe the barrier or the bus beside me. Heck I didn't even go cold turkey, I had bad rapport with my psych, then I lost trust after being coerced into taking antidepressants after a mental breakdown he caused, so I took my meds, halved them, then took half of them and halved them again. Still wasn't a slow enough reduction in medication to prevent side effects and it still took another 30 months to return to "normal".  Spoke with an in training GP and she said it was most likely caused by a sudden blood pressure drop, which is a common thing when cutting off antidepressant meds.
This really reminds me of a lot about my experience with ADHD, but instead I decided to not take meds for the first few years (I was diagnosed as an adult, and the doctor I was working with didn't press meds after I first tried them and decided against them) In that time, I tried other ways of helping myself focus like biking and exercise, eating properly, etc. I was also just spending a lot of time reading the articles and literature that was out there to find about studying and forming habits with ADHD. Exercise, like 30 minutes of cardio exercise, would put me in that "to-do" state of mind, where I could just "do". And it would last up to 4 hours or so. It was the best time to read all the stuff at that point, because it was easy to study. Cleaning wasn't as easy after a 7k run though. Also, while heavy exercise can have benefits, it can come with its own longterm problems. I like having something I can take now that's mellow and helps me clean, but having it combined with the knowledge of how to take care of the body health stuff has been great. Tunnel vision is a bitch though, don't be afraid to explore what the options are out there.
Adderal contains Dexamphetamin and Lisamphetamin, each in two different forms. Vyvance only contains Lys-Dexamphetamin, which is Lysin (aminoacid) bound to Dexamphetamin. The Lysin gets metabolized off the dexamphetamine which takes a while, so vyvance takes a little longer to flood in. good for dosing purpose. good for longer lasting effect. But the substances are working the same. Lisamphetamin is activating another receptor stronger then Dexamphetamin, but Dexamphetamin is over all the most potent Enantiomer of all amphetamin. Methamphetamin is not effectively adderal and if we want it to bring it on that level then all Amphetamin-based medication is effectively speed. But its not. Methylphenidate for example is a Dopamine and Noradrenaline re-absorption inhibitor. While Dexamphetamin also has the ability to actively cause a release of that neurotransmitters. I like Methylphenidat better than Dexamphetamin but everybody needs to know their best working drug as their treatment.
I have to admit that this is the only youtubechannel where i am excited about the presentation of the product placement. The internet is filled with.... *INFINITE KNOWLEDGE* so good.
I very willingly watched the ad.
I’m subscribing because you said “sticky icky bad” I’m dyingggg 🤣🤣
Yea so Vyvanse _is_ adderrall.. It's just the "prodrug" version. Its' little balls inside are half metabolized by your liver for the "delayed" and "slow burn" and the other half of those balls are essentially aderall IR. I also felt way too focused/zombified on Vyvanse and at the first with Adderall too. It took many weeks to get past that side effect. But if you're having cardiac/pulminary issues then.. yea.. don't do that. xD  Wellbutrin (non-stimulant) has worked the best for me but I can't deal with the side effects. Best grades I've ever gotten and was more "in the pilot seat" than I've ever been in my life.
Can’t IMAGINE someone calling Vyvans “mellow.” That stuff hit me like a truck and made me feel horrible. “Too much focus” sounds about right really. Like, brain still going at ADHD speed, but in one single direction so it’s like a free-fall.   I know I lost at least an entire day to planning a house. Like, looking up incline angles for stairs and everything. I do not own a house or have nearly enough money to ever own one.
I do all the things that you said are symptoms, does that mean I have adhd?
Vyvanse helped me start tasks, complete tasks and focus. Having alarms set as reminders, having a checklist and routine plus my Vyvanse made all the difference for me. Only problem is I had to significantly reduce my caffeine intake because I would get significant chest pain that would radiate through my back into my shoulder up to my jaw which symbolized a heart attack so I talked to my doctor and we did  blood work, EKGs, X-rays,  we did an Echo(ultrasound)of my heart, and I wore a ZIO patch (heart monitor) for like 3-4days and all came back normal especially and so he asked me to reduce my caffeine intake to see if that helped and it did so I just have to be careful about my stimulant intake (caffeine).
stopping meds that are harming you isn't bad
If you hadn't found out, vyvanse and adderall are the same drug, just in different forms. But they both turn into dextroamphetamine in your body and that's what has an effect on your brain, neither is meth but they are similar in structure and effect. It seems like you were on too high of a dose of the vyvanse or your bodies metabolism didn't mix well with that mechanism of delivery and it starting building up in your system. There are other drugs like wellbutrin that aren't explicitly stimulants  The thing a lot of people don't understand about adhd(even profesionals) is that it's not just about treating the symptoms. The symptoms of adhd also lead to bad habits, behaviors and thought patterns. Just because you remove the reinforcement of those things with meds doesn't mean the resulting issues get immediately fixed too. And most importantly it takes work, if you don't try to behave differently you probably won't, meds or no meds, counseling or no counseling. The flip side is that kind of change often takes years and is easy to give up on because the results are hard to notice.
Wow, I've never related so much to someone's experience on ADHD meds before. I'm lucky that I can go on an off the meds without any withdrawal effects, but I wish I'd found the meds that worked for me. The intense hyperfocus or must-do-all-home-chores drive isn't exactly what I'm looking for. I'm looking for the light switch in my brain.
Why is the phone dropping animation so smooth?
I should probably face the fact that I might be one of you guys and have myself checked. If a pill could make my life finally productive, I might go for it. I so want to be normal
I've tried vyvanse and it was definitely not "more mellow" for me 😂😂😂
This and the previous video pushed me to talk with a psychiatrist and to no surprise, I had ADHD. It was the first time I genuinely felt heard and validated about my symptoms and not just labeled as a lazy fuck
My general aversion to Meth.... 😂😂
Oh man. How is your adhd at this point? Did you try other meds or?
This is honestly hilarious. Great content!
I love adderall however there are side affects AND I’m not always productive. When my xr kicks in I feel “alive” and “capable” but also if I’m not interested in something I will hyper focus on something that I want to do. Which isn’t always what I need to do. I also need to drink so much more water and remember to take it early enough where I’m not kept awake at night. I also go days without it to level out. It’s not a cure all but it’s dramatically helped my driving and remembering appointments and getting to work early. Still not perfect but definitely a lot better.
yes but when  WAS NINE i went to a milltery doctor bc that was the only thing i had close to a doctor he GAVE A NINE YEAR OLD THE HIGHEST DOSE  that he could illegally give me
LMAOOO ... wait how did you know i was subscribed? 0.0 xD
I’m sorry to watch you had difficulty with vyvanse. It has revolutionised how my brain works, i can focus clearly and if ive got to get something done i just frikin DO IT… no “considering it” or “finding other things to do instead”.  Adhd diagnosis and then medication is a big journey and self-education… has been for me. I can understand if people don’t put the development in, but things don’t change simply because one has “medication” in their system. It’s how you use it to conquer your old self
This is very similar to my experience with adderall.
Honestly sounds like my man needs a non-stim med. It is what got me past the focused on the wrong thing stage.
I take a very high dose of ritalin (54mg), i started in 2015 (i was born in the 2000 so do your math) and it really helped me a lot, i know if i were diagnosed earlier now results were much better, i just finishing university and hope i wont need to take the medication, because of the side effects i also tke antidepressives an regulary therapy, so yea it makes a lot of difference, i hve a friend that have adht too and never take medication because his family thinks that is bad or something like that, and now his life is a mess, he already have a child and he is 23 years old, hve problems with making friend because many people consider him annoying amd i tryed to help him but he doesnt want to try, so hope tou can see both sides of taking and not meds, and make your own desision of what is better for you! :)
If you need to study or some work, listen some white noise playlists, it helped me a lot, just try it
Alright, slight disclaimer for Vivance as someone who took it while they were young.  Vivance is a depressant, the best way to describe from my experience is that instead of catching you up to your brain it slows your brain activity just a tad to make it way more manageable and allow you to focus as Ice Cream states in the video, and like he states it's sometimes WAY TOO MUCH focus on what can sometimes be the wrong thing. This doesn't only include physical/external tasks but psychological ones as well and as such I recommend ensuring you or a loved one you know who is considering taking Vivance to make sure that they're in a good place mentally before taking it on a regular basis as it can cause you/them to spiral further into a depression by hyper fixating on horrible shit.  Lastly it may sometimes also causes you to feel exhausted/apathetic which Ice Cream touched on in the video, so yes it was a side-effect.
Vivance has a side effect of decreasing your appetite so you don’t eat you might have not had enough energy and that’s why you felt like that cus you weren’t eating u just didn’t realize. And I go  the whole day without eating and I won’t even realize.
For me (every ADHD person is different) building habits and using tricks as ringtones and a lot of planning was enough for many problems, but atomoxetine (which I take daily) helped me with indecisiveness and metylophenidate (which I take sometimes) helps me with concentration and makes all ma social anxiety disappear which is AWESOME. All these different meds didn't do shit and therapy helped a lot (especially with borderline), but there were still things I couldn't beat and here it is - ADHD medication <3
Man this reminds me of feeling some really bad stuf because of antidepressants so I just straight up stopped I was fine tho
I have ADHD and I forget it’s Tuesday every Tuesday at work and my boss knew I had adhd before I did lol
dancing cow almost ended the universe once
I should get tested for adhd I have a lot of the same symptoms
What works for me is ritalin + wellbutrin
Everyone keeps saying I have adhd. I take online tests (yes I know online tests aren't the most reliable), they say I have adhd. I think I adhd. Gonna ask to get a professional to tell me I have adhd. Yay
the first time i took my adhd meds i was like woahhh is this what normal people always feel like???!
This is so correct. 👍
“InFiNaTe KnOwLeDgE”
I only take my meds when I have a ton of work/homework to do
I've got ADHD and am autistic, and meds have never really worked for me. I've tried the ones you've mentioned and more; my experience was largely negative. Hopefully I can eventually find something that works cause stumbling through a college degree un-medicated has been rough.
Yeah, Adderal seems perfect for me Sitting and thinking I got down easy, focus I can do, its the physically doing things, especially mundane things like cleaning, that I C A N N O T do Been tryna get the diagnosis to get ahold of some but theyve been reeeeeal cagey about letting me have some
One thing that helped me was to sit on my desk doing something I want related to the thing I have to finish and after I sit down take the medicine. When I feel it kick in is when I switch to what I really have to do. In this way I have an easier transition. You definitely have to have techniques to channel the focus to take the most out of it.
I was diagnosed with ADHD and tourretes when I was 8, and forced to take meds. I can't take meds anymore because they make me super anxious and make me feel like I'm someone else, and I never wanted them in the first place. Part way through college, I remember deciding that I had to figure out how to live without meds, because they were making me miserable. Since then, I've only tried meds again when whatever company I worked at complained about productivity, which just made the anxiety worse when I took them. The problem is I've never seen a problem with me, and I don't think it's a weakness that I only focus on things I care about. It helps me to determine what's really important to me.
im not on adhd meds anymore because i dont feel anything
I have adhd, I take concerta and yeah, it helps me a lot with the chores and others physical tasks I have to do. Wich helps a bit because working in a clean environement (I work at home) is better than working in a mess. But I still struggle to just sit in front of my computer and do my work. Something that helped a bit was cognitive remediation with a neuropsychologist. But in France, if the concerta is "free" (it's not free per say, it's just a health insurance system with a lot of solidarity in it yai), the sessions with a psychologist aren't (because you know, it's in your head, it's not really an health issue, it's just that need more will <__<). Man having adhd is expensive. Anyway thanks for this video. I know I'm going to talk about my medication with my therapist now.
Got medicated this month, immediately had a panic attack🤦🏽‍♂️
Ice Cream Sandwich is the only one who can make me enjoy watching an entire Nord vpn add
I think my type of ADHD is special, because I can focus and stay on task fine, but I can’t control my impulses. For example, I will say something bad that I don’t mean when I’m mad
I have ADHD and I know just what to help you. Try some dexmetylphenidate. Long word. I know. But I works good especially for people like you. One bad thing though is don’t take to much, it’s sent me to the er. So try to find out how much u should take And the u should be good
Like if you’ve zoned out at some point of the video/ or completely abandoned it 😭
My 1st med was Strattera every version of it also it was tenex then adderal xr & intuniv then it was vyvanse than back to adderal i think i cant remember my history
I CANNOT do Vyvanse i Flipped out BIG time at school and i was in 5th grade(like flip out as in throwing stuff and breaking stuff kinda flip out)
No medicine has worked so far
well, it's drugs after all. and ADHD meds are all stims. so ilte like amphe or meth or coke, or kath, or ephedrine, oh 2FMA or what ever.  mayby try digital detox, living on a mountain, and fighting boredoe with zen meditation instead, or drinking yourself stupid.  ... one might just work!
not hating on OP for taking money, but fuck VNPs. it's a whaste of money, at best!
My mom said I had the zombie effect and one that made me really suicidal according to my mom I use to climb high places and just jump off knowing it was dangerous . But my mom took me off after them both effects.😅low key kinda scared to go back on 😊
the multiple thoughts from mini yous is strait facts
What’s the cow song called?
Adhd gives you super powers, but really sh*ty ones
Wait maybe I do take something else
A full pill
I'm 9  I take a 10 mg
I take Adderall And there was a shortage of Adderall and it was 1.3x or 1.5x more expensive and it was harder to get and if we did we had to go up all the way to Newport when we live in tiverton
Sometimes it's not easy
Me too I felt your experience
wait, people dont normaly forget task A and start B C D then panic because of A cry and get back to B then cry because they lost track? weird
I’m not a fan of adhd meds myself
Justice for compy ✊🏻😔
Even if i don't have ADHD I'm still taking the meds cause they make me feel good, also i can't do physical things with Adderall only thinking things
I love this.
orrrr.. high iq capacities
i take aderal
listening to these descriptions has me thinking about all my past jobs like, oh hey, if I had that outcome while working job number 12, I probably would've lasted longer.
i dont know the med im on but my issue is with doing physical tasks... so i think adderall might me better for me..
When I first started Vyvanse I would spend three hours every day on Duolingo... It also raised my blood pressure like crazyyy
2:22 God this is my entire school experience. I can’t just work, it takes a long time, there’s a lot of putting off, and by the end of it all, I’ve only got a fraction of the easiest work done! And it’s especially awful since I starting going to high school than when I was in grade school, because now I’ve got like 6 different inputs of work, so I try to make myself work, but I only end up wasting time. It’s awful and it’s why my grades are suffering so badly right now.
I’m actually off meds now, and my ADHD is just jfskgdkgsktxjfsjfxot gremlin energy 24/7 and I love it
Polish dancing cow
Omg that dopamine joke xD
In aus most health care is free😊
thank you for the animal crossing gamecube music
Doesnt exist but I also have it, its some spectrum but its like past trauma or something. You can detox but I cant play a video game or use social media without having to detox tor a week to have attention for like 1 minute
Who else wobbled your hands after seeing this 3:46
Great video watch before going to check my adhd to know if ill need any meds for it
That ADHD moment when the cow video and music is stuck in my head at random moments, and I can only find it here. 🥴
Ef this video
U reminded me to do my fish tank   Ps: it’s 8pm
I got distracted halfway in the video.😅
Desoxyn. That's meth! Neat!
DLACZEGO XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
you are right with the last part about the feeling of lethargy. That is one of the side effects of the medications.
Bro human like I
For those who don't like the idea of pharmaceuticals: look into microdosing Amanita Muscaria. (yes, the red and white mushroom). I've been microdosing it for other reasons, and to my surpise, i could _enjoy work_ all of the sudden. Lost the endless thinking over and procrastination too! Of course, do good research! Often times natural medicines are a bit more 'kind' to our bodies compared to the mass produced ones (no heavy withdrawals or long term damage when used correctly).   And remember: the reason a doctor will probably reccomend advil over chamomile when you have a headache is because it's very hard to make money off of plants (you can't patent them🫠).  (some background from me: i believe in both the modern medicine and the traditional plant medicine world and think they should go hand in hand. No crazy 'you broke a leg here drink some tea' from me😅)
I haven’t even watched all of it and I relate to this so much
I think that I'm add
Here’s how I describe my ADHD thinking experience.  Like you are downloading something and in the meantime your watching videos but then you see this ad for a cool game and you download it the you see a game you forgot to complete but you want to watch a video while doing so. At this point you’ve got so many things going on and you realize stuff is downloading so you check on it every 5 seconds until your computer can’t handle all this stuff and it shuts down.
I also have adhd. What your saying is correct. Adderal does give you the ability to stay on task, but it doesnt give you the ability to do things you dont know how to do.... focus is a skill, if you learned how to focus, adderal will allow you to stay focused
I know the pain I’m on viabans or whatever the property na, is🫡
I take 3 different medications for adhd and 2 for aDD Iif I even don’t take a single one I can’t think or do anything other then what I’m meant to do like this video!
What’s the name of the russian song
Does it also make you not want to eat
Just discovered your channel. Finding the right ADHD meds are a pain especially with insurance.  Can we talk about the dancing cow? Ngl, kinda want to see more… 👉👈
I literally just know 20 names and I ducking forget the name the moment They tell me
What’s that cow video need to watch
Inside out be like: 1:09
I went off vyvanse pretty much immediately after years of being on it. I did this in response to what it was doing to my heart rate.   Do not abruptly go off vyvanse.
I take concerta. Less side effects, more of a mild improvement. The ADHD is still there, just a lot less so.
I’m proud of my ability to choose my task while I’m on my meds by forcing it
i have inattentive ADHD, and for maybe 6 years, my only strategies were doing fun things, like 1 lego set + 4 lego sets instead of 1 + 4. i also could focus if i got a prize, like a toy or a gummy after doing my work, but those strategies were terribly inefficient, so now I take Biphentin, which is for hyperactive but it works for me. In short Biphentin gets rid of stuff in your brain you don't need, and  makes room for good stuff, like math.
Hi ,which is the second med name, please? Adderall first and:?
I HAVE 😮😢😅😂😊 ADHD TOO
my meds don't do a whole lot but it's better than not taking them, kinda like you on adderal, prob because they are a bit similar I take dexaamfetaminesulphate
ADHD meds are complicated. I also had to take meds at the appropriate times or be focused on the wrong thing and I took concerta. Just 18mg of it. The awful symptoms showed up for me too and my psychiatrist made me stop
I use cortisol but i have a bit different kind of not able to concentrate problem but it might work for you to
the trumpet part made me laugh so hard i wanted to cry bc i hate it
You’re gonna wanna look up what “willpower” is
my meds are wearing off as we speak
ADHD lol
thanks for reminding me it's not only myself in this
In France we only have methylphenidate (concerta basically but you have different ones that can last from 2 to 12 hours) and it has helped me soo much. But at first I didn’t have the right dose, so I got really focused on the wrong things lol
I want to get medicated so bad because this has genuinely fucked my life up since I was a kid, but no one gave a sht bec I was a good student in school. I feel desperate in college bec it’s never been so bad before, but pursuing a diagnosis is SO expensive and I don’t have support. I don’t know what to do
I take strattera to help me focus, everytime I take it I feel like I gain the ability of control on my heart rate
as someone get ADD(?), i'm now bveing diagnosed. *it takes like forever, and it's just proofreading and shet*  might as well keep this comment update
justice for compy
i only clicked on this because of the "guh" thumbnail am i alright?? 😭💀
I have ADHD
I have these symptoms
Meds (Ritalin) have ruined my brain for real. I feel more stupid than I was. Slow thinker, my sleep schedule got DESTROYED ASF As a kid, prior to taking Ritalin I had 160 IQ measured by the government's requirement back then.  I feel like I've lost huge chunk of my intellect. (The Ritalin was banned later).
My biggest issue with having ADHD mostly involves how other people react to it/treat me for having it. When unmedicated, I am viewed as lazy, spacey, and people always think I am mad/closed off. When medicated, I do great around people, until they *find out* I am medicated. The stigma behind ADHD medication being on the same level as a certain hard-drug (we all know the one) creates such an ignorant view in some people. My family gets inpatient when I am unmedicated; but when I am medicated, they call me a "tweaker", even though I will literally just be doing laundry finally, or cooking a full meal, or finally trying that game i bought last month. Its hard because I will go long periods without taking it just because it hurts so much to hear them say that. just  sometimes i dont have the mental capacity to hear them say that and be fine.
The meds have helped me focus a lot but the good news is that the voices and internal council remained for me
Recent told I have ADHD. Somethings ti note for others in thr comments is ADHD affects women differently to men, ie women suffer depression from ADHD so if you start taking meds it may improve things like depression rather than give you focus. You also need to be having therapy to learn how to manager your symptoms. Ny doctor explained meds are only half fhe battle, others things like managing symptoms and accepting symptoms is the other half of the battle too.
Listen to music that helps me alot as specially vivalid winter
ADHD feels like a 24/7 high
T
vyvanse is good for school its what is take for ADHD
Not quite sure if I have ADHD but it sure as hell looks like it
when i was on vivance, i completely lost my appetite and my ribcage was my most prominent feature. it' like you exhaled all of your air, but worse.
I think I might have ADHD but im not sure (getting distracted, hyperfixation or underfixation, lack of priority and not being able to do specific tasks with out any form of break/media I can get lost in while doing it) and Im think about asking my parent to book some sort of diagnosis or something. should I?
helpppp me i cant study becuse of it i studeyd the lesson 5 times and forgote it
I'm going to have that cow song stuck in my head for the rest of the night and day 😠😭🐄
yeah i cant rlly take adhd meds bc of a heart condition lmfao aahh
I love having adhd
"Download it on your butt"😅
The trick to not have adhd is to not watch tiktok or yt shorts. I used to have that symptom and the easy solution is to stop watching tik tok. Taking meds is a massive L.
4:32 is that gabe?
I took Qelbree recently and y’all. If your doctors want to put you on this med DO NOT SAY YES. It made me unbelievably sick, I couldn’t move, I was completely manic. I had to call out of work 3 days in a row. This happens to a ton of people with that medication.
Having ADHD is sometimes funny since people who dont understand that you have ADHD will get anoyed and thats what makes me mostly laugh  over all good video
:P chain
Btw, when he shows the list of meds for ADHD, one of them is Desoxyn. Desoxyn is literally meth. Methamphetamine.      They used to prescribe meth for ADHD. Kinda makes sense since Adderall is a mixture of amphetamine salts. But still weird
ADHD, we treat this shit with meth... its in small doses though your honor I swear, so its like legal then right?... Right???
me watching this video while getting distracted from work...
In the past year, I've tried Adderall (when I could get it, now it's the generic brand), Concerta, Focalin, and Vyvance. Vyvance kind of worked. Adderall did work. Concerta...not so much. Focalin. *LOL!* No. I don't know what else to try, and I'm tired to looking for the right meds, but I'm desperate to be able to focus and just DO stuff.
Stimulants (like Adderall, Vyvanse, and Ritalin) aren't the only options for medication. There are also non-stimulant medication possibilities.  For example, you can try Strattera, guanfacine, Wellbutrin, or clonidine.
Quick comment to note that those symptoms at the end very well could have been serotonin syndrome. Not diagnosing, but rather stating because serotonin syndrome is, like, go to the emergency room level bad if left alone and more people should be aware of it, especially when taking stimulants.
So I know this video is 8 months old and don't expect any reply but I  just watched this and wanted to say when I was diagnosed in March this year with inattentive type ADHD at fucking 30! I was started on Vyvanse first at 30mg which after a couple days had a significantly positive effect on motivation, focus, impulsiveness and memory (seriously a fucking goldfish had me beat here!) But knew there was still room for improvement so I get put on 50mg with... Some more improvement but still thought I could improve myself more. So I go up to 60mg, but when I got to 60 I had the same side effects you described and a few more for two weeks, so I went back down to 50mg and everything is fine. Oh wait... Nevermind, psychiatrist that diagnosed me also said he's fairly certain that I may also be autistic but would require several visits to a behavioural specialist to confirm diagnosis.   Edit: I also wanted to add, all the side effects you mentioned you experienced on Vyvanse (especially the hyperfocus) are clear signs of your dose being too high, did your psych even explain to you to before they prescribed it to look out for these side effects?! If not I suggest you find another psychologist (he/she is a fucking idiot) and give Vyvanse another try but at a lower dose. The goal is to find the highest dose you can tolerate not to reach highest dose available to that medication.
I, too, have ADHD. I began taking medication when I was about 12. I began on Vyvanse, which really helped me with focus and productivity. It was great, except for the fact that I constantly had no appetite,  intense mood swings, and just general personality changes that made me feel like I was a different person on Vyvanse. The thing with Vyvanse is it does it’s job, but the effects lessen over time. So, you can either choose to increase the dose that you take, or you can choose to not take it on the days that you don’t need to be productive. (I wouldn’t recommend this with most medications, but it’s usually okay to do with Vyvanse.) Unfortunately this means increased side effects every time I did take it, causing me to just not eat for days until I was hungry enough to lower my standards to what food I want to eat. So after a few years, I stopped taking it, which made me feel like myself again. However, my procrastination and inattentiveness came back. Since then, I have started on Journay. Journay sort of helps motivate me, but it doesn’t make me productive. It just kinda makes my inside voice tell me to do something, but it doesn’t make me want to do it. It just kind of feels like a watered-down Vyvanse, if you know what I mean.
All the medication gives me depression and sleeping problems all of them
This could not be any more correct
Regarding the dizziness. I had the same. It made me puke every morning for 3 months, feel loopy in the halls like a camera lens zooming in and out. I was told by my doctors and parents it was in my head and that i was faking because i was anxious about school. I was on 60 milligrams of adderal at that point and turns out. I was borderline overdosing. I tried to take it out of the blue for a final exam a while later and i felt as if i was falling out of the sky like i had no parachute for 8 hours. Glad you made it back off of the meds too, and safe
Odd remedy, but I found that this really helps my ADHD.  These essential oils combined: lavender, cedarwood, and frankincense.  Put a few drops of each on the back of your neck.  They aren't perfect, but they work like I wish medication would.  I can focus but still feel like I'm me.  Recommend borrowing some from a friend before outright buying some.
7:50 xD “don’t forget to unsubscribe…. Wait”
Got diagnosed a few days ago. My therapist said that people with ADHD hang out together for some reason. Like we're stand users or somethin'. My friends should be concerned.
Ritalin LA works well for me, it's not a SUPER drug, but it's a good one. Vyvanse works SUPER well for me it's almost like magic BUT: 1 - It's the most expensive of them all (I'm from Brazil, it's like... 500 bucks for me...) and 2 - I get more hyperactive hahaahh Not that it bothers me... but I also get nervous easier, so...
wait so i have adhd 💀💀
What was that cow video? I need that cow video
My experience with ADHD meds has been pretty mixed. The first one I tried cased an immediate difference that my middle school teachers noticed instantly.  But I kept getting pretty back migraines, nausea, and motion sickness.  My second one (a patch I’d put on my hip every morning) was working fine at first, but I lost my appetite completely and even ended up loosing weight. On top of that, it slowly stopped helping with my ADHD.  Taking bigger doses helped that, but the effects would fade away. Eventually, I was taking the largest offered dose with minimal impact on my ADHD. Then I tried taking caffeine tablets (I don’t like caffeinated things. I can’t stand the taste) and that just made me sleepy. Now I’m taking Aderal, and while it seems to not have any side effects, I’m having the problem of being locked into whatever it is I’m doing when the meds kick in
Add someone with ADHD, I suggest Focalin. I take Focalin and it works well for me. It gives me just the right level of focus and ability.
1:35 bruh my brain 24/7🥲
I got diagnosed with ADHD when i was 5. I was put onto mediction and i was a walking zombie. I kept throwing up and I didn't eat or have any expressions. Soon, i got put onto 15mg and that bout killed me.  I'm off it and now way better at focusing
has adhd 👇
Finally, someone else talking about this! I tried Zoloft for my anxiety, and BOY did it go bad. I was disappointed because so many people prop up meds as The Solution to mental health problems, when they very much are not in some situations. Good luck to you!!!
I have ADHD, and I use Vyvanse  :)
ADHD is better than being normal confirmed!
I too have ADHD. For example, at this exact moment, I’m holding my insulin pen primed and ready to go, but I got a notification, and opened my phone to one of these videos, and here I am, like… 8 videos later, still holding my insulin in my hand instead of it being in my body.
1:27 if you take a look in my brain  you will see this:
I have inattentive ADHD and watching this made me realize that I've never had the ability to just do things like described in the video, and that neurotypical people truly aren't like that. Being able to think of something and not stopping until the task is done is such an oddly foreign concept.  I've considered trying meds but I'm kinda scared they'll make me not think like myself anymore. I'm very creative and most of my scatter-brained thinking is very complex and philosophical, and I don't wanna lose it. But I do struggle with being productive in "normal" ways, and am constantly distracted.
UNSUBSCRIBE You Say?. . . WELL! U Da Boss.
protip: both the act of chewing + the act of eating releases mega mega mega dopamine and since we ADHDers have to kind of hack our dopamine, it's a great way to help you focus. gum is one method a lot of people use without even realizing it, but consider little snacks (especially something like pistachios that are high in protein ((bc apparently we need more of that too??)) and has a process to open it up so our hands are busy) while you're working on anything particularly difficult to focus on
Ha ADHD
You remind me so much of Noodle, and I love that you both kind of share the same sense of humor too
I started Adderall when I was 16 and it was NOT for me. It gave me such bad tunnel vision. I’m 21 now and just got back on another medication and it actually works for me. It’s Intuniv and it’s not a stimulant, but it’s expensive without GoodRx/insurance coverage so I had to stop it. On it I felt amazingly productive, my brain… felt better? And I was happier. Off it I notice a huge negative difference. Trying to get back on it now at a different pharmacy where it’s cheaper. I think it’s $20/month at Walmart with GoodRx just for future reference. If you need an ADHD med that isn’t a stimulant, I def recommend trying Intuniv/Guanfacine.
Justice for compy!
Hehe i just realized i have 14 symptoms of adhd ᕦ( ᐛ )ᕡ
had to open subway surfers couldnt watch this without subway surfers i need subway surfers
I'm actually supposed to be studying for math right now because I have a test tomorrow but this video got my attention instead of my math book that is now next to me.... HELP IM PROBABLY GONNA FAIL AGAIN.
Ive been taking meds for bout 17 years and i very quickly got tuned in with elvanse, been taking them since i was 6, been working ever since
Am I cool for telling off my ADHD to do smth and NOT get distracted? I too powerful I don't need medicine😎    Edit : it have been an hour I haven't finished my homework and I'm just finishing swimming I'm in the shower and the school bus is almost here I'm late omfg I'm typing too fast but autocorrect me oh god I'm typing too much I gtg and I haven't have lunch
ice cream sandwich gives me massive caine vibes from the amazing digital circus because he just has unlimited power in their dimension
6:43 i feel like that is the true definition of a good description
I take vyvanse i started at i think 20 mg and i was mentally exhausted by 11am *side note i take it at 6 am cuz school * but then i got bumped up to 40 mg and i can now somewhat get to at least 4pm until i can literally fall on my face asleep doing absolutely anything 😂
had to search that cow video.... I can't stop 😅
its so funny but i had a task and this video literally disracted me from it and now im going to do more adhd research
Question: I am starting to get convinced that I also have ADHD; I can’t focus like I used to when I was young and time passes by with speed that defies physics when I see YouTube. Do you think I am actually an ADHD? If so then where should I take the test, from online or family doctor? Pls respond quick because by homework schedule is being quickly demolished watching these vids 😂
You could try Concerta
I like how all of us neurodivergent souls are gathered in the comment section!  *I FEEL SO VALIDATED!*
i used to use Vyvanse and the docs kept upping my dosage to 75mg i will never suggest Vyvanse to anyone the meds caused so many mental health problems my grandmother took me from my parents to get me to hop off the meds 100%. it was the longest 4 months of high school thank god it was during the Zoom era so I could still do school but none the less Vyvanse is rough it kills appetite it ruined sleep schedules for me it made me a literal vegetable
I have the most random fucking thoughts constantly running through my head, I literally scream shut up in my mind sometimes
0:15 Me when I realized that the Polish Cow song is singing about cocaine, depression(?), and overdosing:
The hammer and nail sound effect sounds like the metal pipe
I took focalin through 10 years of school until college, when suddenly my class schedule was at all different times of the day. Ive since decided since the issue is the lack of dopamine, the solution is to focus all energy to that which we love and live for.
i have 35 milligrams of aderol a day 😅
its funny having it i got diagnosed and im weird
Are there professionals that focus on training and conditioning instead of immediately getting the drug cannon out?   Because while I have become very ADHD-like, I really doubt that a drug defficiency is my problem.
When the sponsor message feels like an ADHD symptom
I'm an Adderall man myself. I've been around the block and tried it all and low doses of Adderall work the best for me.
I’m not kidding when I say I literally went through almost the same exact experience with those medicines about a year and a half ago! Although, my journey also included panic attacks✌🏻
I also have ADHD, and I also use medication, concerta, and in fact I also have the same problem, there are times when I feel too focused but I simply do nothing and focus on things that are not important
😂
Thankfully, I'm high-functioning. But, I still have symptoms. Finding out that my postural walk was a key symptom threw me down a rabbit-hole of research, and I had 100% of said symptoms. Oh, well. This is a super power if you make it.
as a kindergartener I was taking close to 100 times the amount as he was In the video, fast forward to seventh grade, it was about another ten times that, and my parents wondered why I couldn't think.
I have assignments to do while watching this, i guess it can wait
I as a Polish person appreciates the Polish cow meme.
3:55 PAST NORD
As a fellow member of the ADHD community since the age of 7, this is accurate. I’m currently off task while typing this I should probably go do what I’m supposed to do
i have felt half way since taking herbal form of ADHD helping thing... it doesnt do the job but it makes me at least 5% more functional. I get to about task E before im like "wait... no, other task" or i just freeze mid task and go "oh shit". As a UK resident ive now bee waiting for over a year to get a medical assessment for the ADHD and my formal educational diagnosis was when i was in the middle of my masters... since then i have been homeless, sofa surfing, an intern and now working over a year and half in my current job that i somehow maintain.  At this point id rather pay but yknow a bitch broke bc he spends it on a personal trainer for other medical reasons and staying alive is pretty good. I hate the healthcare here but at least its obtainable at ...some point
I have adhd! So this is SUPER relatable!
Can comfirm this is REALLY true
IM CRYING THIS IS SO REAL AND RELATABLE
My experience with ADHD medication was horrible(I’m from the UK) I didn’t eat at all I was very pale and very very tired and weak all the time. I chose not to take it anymore and I’m ok now
I just medicate myself with music  Specifically hard rock     Drowns out the voices :)
I ta.. Polish cow xD cudowne
the best way i can describe my adhd when im on meds is like the voices in my head calm down till the meds wear off
I take 2 DRuGz, Vyvance (30 mgs.)(not really helpful wether i take it or not) and Melatonin (i take 4 tablets for 8mgs.) ( works for about an hour but i take like, 2 hours to fall aseep)
Most meds were not good for me. I feel shaky and slightly sick to the point where I can’t do anything, or I feel like there’s black goop inside me. Lol
sorry to tell u but... just eont search up the lyrics of the dancing polish cow 😢
POLISH COW LET'S GO POOOOOOOOOOOOLAAAAAAAAAAAND                                                                                                                            STOP                                 seriosly stop now                                                   NO                                                                                         you are a menace                                                                                                              Deez nuts
Adderal im certain works way different if you take it and dont have adhd. Cuz in my experience it made hyper focused on stupid irrelevant things. Also couldnt eat while on them cuz it made food seem repulsive.
This is very weird, but when I’m doing a math problem, and I get 4+1 to finish my answer, I put up my fingers, and count to 4, add 1 more, and count my total on my fingers. I do know that 4+1=5, my brain is just wack. Yes I’m diagnosed with ADHD.
OK BUT WHAT WAS THE SPACE DOCUMENTARY?
6:00 I am in the spectrum and am taking Ritalin to deal with extremely strong hyperfocus that do not allow me to focus in anything else. I also feel like the drug makes it more difficult to deal with focusing in the right thing. But it is easier than it was before. And my hyperfocus is weaker. Also I fell less overwhelmed in ambients with too much noise and people when I take it. So it helped me deal with my autism and it helped me get stuff done. Furthermore, in my dosage I can take it only when I want to get things done. So I can really, with medic authorization, stop whenever I want.
I feel your pain I have ADD and it’s really hard to focus I understand and I want to be an animator like you❤❤
OK WHY! haven't anyone mentioned the cow song in the beginning? it is stuck in my head it's been there for MONTHS! is it a real song? what is its name, is it not a real song?.. then make it a full song my brain NEEDS completion. i WANT the cow song!!
Tylko jedno w głowie maaam: koksu 5 graaam. Oodlecieć sam w kraiine zapomnieniaa! :D Im really happy and suprised to see a polish song in a Ice Cream Sandwich video
i took methylphenidate and it worked until i stopped taking it for 3 years. now i can't stand how it makes me feel.
Reading other people's stories about taking Concerta is just so,,, wild but only for the reason of "wow that's *not* what I experienced.. fascinating". Cuz like I've been taking it since the 5th grade and finally stopped when I graduated from my Master's (14 yrs gyat damn) where I've been increasing the dosage slowly (I maxed out in the last 2-3 yrs). I always share my experience with Concerta as "the bridge b/w my synapses to finally transfer vital information" but I always forget to mention the side effect which wasn't just the decreased appetite but the decreased,, feeling. Like whenever I take it it feels like you're putting a weighted blanket on my ability to express my emotions to the point where my friends can tell when I've taken my meds cuz I literally go from :DDD to o-o. Nowadays I kinda chalk up my habit of disassociating due to my meds but I haven't talked to my doctor about it since I quit (BLEASE confer w/ you're doctor about quitting instead of DIY'ing it, I was lucky nothing bad happened)
In any conversation, we’ll be talking about this show I’m watching then all of a sudden I’m talking about Russian people.
This happens to me all the time in school
So we just give meth to kids who need their ass beaten with parental guidence who had no guidence when growing up so theses people are what we get
That was not a very good doctor. If your doctor just wasn’t available while you were in pain, it would obviously lead you to stop taking your medication.
I think you got a bit more than adhd there bud.
5:30 I feel this so much. My first day on Vyvanse I ended up ignoring three consecutive classes coding a decimal to binary converter in windows batch script. No idea how I found that so enthralling. Genuinely feel so called out and seen by this video
Medication is not the answer. Medication is a super lazy excuse for teachers and other adults to not deal with the person's behavior. People with a form of autism are easy to direct. You have to isolate what needs worked on. You have to put all forms of distractions out of sight.
I have a quack of a doctor so I'm struggling to find adhd meds that work for me. He had me try concerta and I literally felt like a zombie for the month that I took it. I genuinely don't remember most of that month, and apparently my focus and stuff was signifigantly worse according to friends and family. I felt better once I stopped, and after explaining what happened, my dr prescribed me ritalin, which is literally the same drug just not slow release. He refused to prescribe anything else or refer me to a psyciatrist until I tried it and suprise suprise, same thing happened. I went back to him to ask to try something else and he apparently doesn't know any other adhd meds.... :D There is a massive shortage of GPs around here so I am unfortunately stuck with this idiot for now
adhd medication overdose makes you a LITTLE high
Probably another proof that I have adhd, I started to hear the noises in this video and the background music and thought “animal crossing?” Then I rewatched this video again and thought nothing but animal crossing.. whee..
Fun fact the cow dancing is a song called polish cow and it is incredibly depressing if you know the lyrics
Medication in theese cases isn't the perfect solution, in fact, theese are neurological dissorders, wich means they are caused by 'fails of the structure of the brain on his development', wich causes the problems associeted, like ADHD, austism....etc. And for that, they are pronlems that cant be cured and need to be treated with psycoterapy and such trough the rest of the life. So dont solve the facts, its as it is, accept it.
Heres a tip: PHONE REMINDER. Boom all your problems solved (note: drugs are required)
ADHD is hard I have it
I take 5 different adhd meds
"Don't forget to unsubscribe- ...wait." Reminds me of when I'm at work rooming a pt, going over their med list, and I'm like "Is your Walmart still Pharmacy- wait. No. That's not the right order." ADHD brains are fun sometimes (I only say with sarcasm).
i have ADHD, i think of it as a superpower and a super distraction, as for you: HOW DARE YOU MEDICATE YOU SUPER ABILITIES TO THINK FAST, BE CREATIVE, AND BE OUTRIGHT FUN!!???
It stand for Asking Death Hiking derp
The guh is very relatable 🤣
I can confirm this accurate.
I huf al sypoms u sed but weerdr
i have adhd and its like disarming a bomb while trying to build a bridge and flying a airbus a320 neo while writing 29637 newspapers
Suddenly stopping certain meds can cause withdrawal. Have a few friends who for whatever reason, dealt with this- from stopping due to a side effect to just running out, to going on vacation and forgetting them. It’s not fun. I’m glad you didn’t have any issues, from what it seemed you were having much worse physical health symptoms and tbh your medical doc should have stepped in- at the very least to contact your psychiatrist, while not their specialty primary docs should understand at the very least the symptoms, side effects, and how to get a patient off any psychiatric medication.
Be careful because adhd medications especially adderall and a lot of times is used when not necessary. It is a very powerful drug and should only be used in the most severe of cases.
Can't believe it took me this long to find this, but god damn is this the shit for me. I've been dealing with a new ADHD diagnosis for the majority of this year, and BOY does this cover a lot of big points.  I think the big thing to note is that in my circumstance, I was already seeing a therapist specifically to try to help identify and control some of my ADHD tendencies. So not only has that been a guiding principle, but it's also helped frame medication as PART of the solution, instead of THE solution. For me, I've been on Adderall (XR, for those curious) and that's been working well for me.   The whole Problem A, B, C, D, E... so on thing was one of the biggest things it helped solve, but more than that I found the whole being able to do things a MASSIVE improvement for me, even when it came to mental tasks. A lot of that wasn't because of the meds, but because the meds helped me break through enough of the other barriers in my life that it gave me the confidence to commit myself to more mentally taxing chores and things. Which, especially because I'm a programmer, is nice.   It's still a struggle, and I'm realizing I kind of need to re-learn how I learn things as growing up with undiagnosed ADHD meant I never really developed study habits or means to learn through struggle all that well, but that's what the therapy is for.  I know this video is getting old by this point, but I wanted to add my story to the list of comments because everyone can have a very different experience, and sometimes when you're looking for help, following one example can lead to frustration, especially when it doesn't work out the way you expect it to. In my case, medication with targeted therapy has been a godsend. For someone else, they might be totally useless. Or, there might be someone receiving medication, but still struggling to make use of it because they don't have that extra step of therapy to help them figure out how to.  I just hope this can help someone out there, even if it just gives them a little more perspective, or even just validates their experience a bit. Much love to all my neurodivergent fam out there <3
why does nord love to sponser you so much
Having taken meth and adderall they are basically nothing alike. Day after adderall is slower and sadder, day after meth is covered in hallucinated spiders thinking about taking more meth even though I listened to the same raggae album with tears streaming down my face for 17 hours straight and had an all around awful time.
for me i find meds help but also strangely enough the more stressfull the enviroment it im in the more im able to focus (so thats why i look for work in the most dangerous and stressfull enviroments i can find)
Biggest problem is with meds that I zone out. ps. taking a day off or even 2 days off will improve your meds working again real good.
Fun fact: Adderall, chemically, is a mixture of Amphetamine salts and Dextroampetamine, making it chemically similar to Methamphetamine (Meth). In addition, Meth technically falls under Schedule II of the Controlled Substances Act meaning it can indeed be prescribed by a doctor to treat, you guessed it, ADHD (and Narcolepsy) since it’s a Central Nervous System stimulant like Adderall
Thanks for opening a dancing cow tab in my head. It may close next week
I took adhd medication and had the most fun 17 hours of my life. I was playing deltarune for 17 hours straight. Im SUPPOSED to studdy for a private pilots licence
I have ADHD
why the hell this is so damn relatable 😭
I was put on Concerta in 5th grade because I was failing 2 of my classes. It helped a lot and is still helping to this day. But soon after, I found out through my dad who is a youth counselor, with the Concerta it could cause you to focus so much on certain things that it can cause you to have anxiety attacks. Which happened to me constantly, which along with my nana passing, caused me to stop eating and I became Hypoglycemic. Which amplified the attacks up to 11. Im on 2 anxiety meds with the ADHD meds and I am all good. I still have eating issues though.
I have ADHD and I have medication in the morning
I take 20 mg of aderal every day to help with my ADHD and there is a huge difference
Literally i was on ritalin, no go but Mr V makes me vibrate constantly
Give me more dancing cow
I've recently started taking Ritalin. When I started at 10 mg it gave me the ability to start doing things. And now I'm at 20 mg and I can actually continue doing stuff once I start them. I'm an artist and I've recently finished an art in 7 hours (3 days of work, a little bit each day) instead of 3 months of  procrastinating and unproductive staring at my work.
Hellodi i got diagnosed with adhd and autism 4 years ago i have been taking medicanet wich is kinda like yhe og ritalin but like not... Idk it helps me to focus and it workes so well that not only i but also my fellow compadres and amigos notice when i vorget to take them. Anyhow... Hope that helps 🐓💨
I used to take vyvanse, but it made me unable to sleep since i took it right before work. It made me want too work too much. Also, the sudden side effects is because you are taking metabolizable meth. It makes you dependent on the medication, which is the top risk for Vyvanse. I do not recommend these meds.
Not a doctor, but I do take Vyvanse, and some other psych meds, and your symptoms sound more like an anxiety attack, related to the anxiety around the unproductivity, versus an actual side effect of Vyvanse.  Again. NOT a doctor, but I am pretty familiar with anxiety, and ADD like symptoms, as I have combat related PTSD, and a traumatic brain injury (the latter being the reason I take Vyvanse, as my ability to focus is impaired). I'd probably consider talking to an actual doctor, about either switching meds, or adding an anti-anxiety medication to your regimen. Yes, taking a bunch of meds sucks, but the quality of life, if you need the meds, going without, feels like lost time, in the long run.
this reminded me to take my meds (i’m auto playing a game and cooking while watching this)
tylko jedno w głowie mam
I took rittelin (I butchered that) for the longest time. Now I take concerta (also likely butchered that)   It’s pretty good in my experience.
At this point, I just have to stack the many, and I mean many, YouTube sponsorship deals with Nord and I could get pretty much free.
I take Qelbree. It helps me focus while still being pretty mellow. If you wanna start meds again in the future then bring this up to you psych
ye sometime YOU IN FACT SHOULD stop with the meds
*concerta* hey, i take that
Daily exercise helps👍
I'm both those things 0:59 1:01
guh
I started thinking about something totally unrelated half way thru this video and didn’t realise and then popped back to the video lol and saying focus
It’s funny because at 2:25 I spaced out and started daydreaming and now that I’m writing this comment I realize I’m getting distracted again while the nord vpn add started up
dont forget to unsubscribe! YOU SAID IT BOSS!!!
i describe my Adderall as a kindergarten teacher corralling all my thoughts into an orderly line. its more effective than complete anarchy, but kindergarteners can only be organized for so long before they lose it. plus it takes a LOT of energy. im exhausted by the end of the day with an XR. my psych writes me an instant release Adderall script every 3 months, and I take those short terms instead of an XR on days where I might only have a couple errands to do instead of a whole work day. and on weekends where i dont have to do anything? I dont take my meds :p it's refreshing to have those days when I can just let my brain work how it does naturally. but also, being able to function is increible.
1:25 was a very good visualisation for me
Meds are wild. I would try to help lol but I’m on vivanse and I’m chilling- but I tried literally 7 different meds for like a year before I finally settled so it’s a process don’t give up
I literally just found out that I have adhd, and then this gets recommend
This video is wild to me because ive literally never felt the effects of mental health medication. No matter what I took, nothing changed.
Same but not that medicine🎉🎉🎉
Oops, I forgot how to math for a second, I very confidently said the answer to 2 + 2 = 2
In moldova we have system of state paid medication. I have epilepsy and i get need medication for free. In case of ADHD medication, existing import interdiction, because this is psychotropic.
He explains it so well, with a goofy animation. This video is amazing.👌 It helped me to understand so much. My brother also has ADHD and it gave me the feeling that i can understand him a little bit better now. Thanks. 🙂
Medicine in america: pay me in elon musk's net worth  Medicine in England: IM FREE BABY
My life in a nutshell
Got da meds and for a month it was effective, now i seem more lethargic again 😢 so i have to visit the doctor again
Paused the video halfway through to find the video of the dancing cow, read a comment on the cow video about a Frank Ocean quote, went and started researching Frank Ocean and the quote
1:09 please WHERE is the video of the cow??
I realized around the same time as you did that I had ADHD… and by I, I mean my long term therapist had been hinting at it and telling me that we would be doing stuff “for people with ADHD” because I’m a tad stubborn. Eventually, when he asked my how my week had gone, I told him about a funny story where I drank like 3 energy drinks and just passed out for like 9 hours. He grabs a folder, writes down something and says “You have ADHD.”   Fast forward a few months, and I am finally on board with medication after frustration after frustration because of ADHD. I talk to my psychiatrist and she says “So, the meds we have you on right now will conflict with all ADHD medications. We can put you on actual ADHD meds but take you off your current meds, or we can stay course.” Now, the last time I changed my meds mid semester, I had to withdraw from it because… well… you know, depression and anxiety. So now I am in this weird spot where my ADHD keeps getting worse and more in the way, meanwhile I can’t medicate it because otherwise other problems pop up. Yaaaaay
I'm a HUGE fan of saying that I don't know enough about behavioral psychiatry to give any meaningful insight aside from personal anecdotes.
I have adhd and sometimes I just walk around the house with something stupid like a tv remote then lose it and have no memory of that I even touched it
Your voice makes me feel joy in this cruel world
I have ADHD and Autism. I'm on 52mg Concerta and fluoxetine. When the drug peaks it is like the spice Melange, but over the course of the day it wears off leaving you the complete opposite, a horrible experience, as well as a constant bitter taste in your mouth
I just need to express my idea: Take a lower dose of vivance, and take it an hour before you wake up, fall asleep and then wake up when the meds kick in.
I hated my medication. I was on every medication there was until 2020. Like I tried it but I always forgot to take it or I didn't want to because I hated the feeling. I didn't feel hungry and lost like 10 to 20 kilo. I still suffer from after effects. And can't get my weight up. I always was mad at everyone around me and easily 'triggerd'. I was able to concentrate but on the other hand I had this terrible urge to do... SOMETHING. And that was the worst. I couldn't just do nothing and at least had to do ,for example sort my galery or something... So even as a kid I hated the medication but the doctors just prescribed me a different one. Later I developed a hate for pills and could't swallow them anymore... At the same time I was just left behind by everyone. Even my parents. Well I just hate ADHD. The only thing I ever wanted was to fit in but I could't. And now I am permanently damaged by the medication. And still can't get shit done. Man, I just want some FUCKIN dopamine. Stupid head
0:00
00:0
In 0:01 for those wondering this cow say:  In Poland 🇵🇱:  Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę za zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz  Ja pierdole ale mam zjazd Nie chwytam gwiazd Jak kłoda leżę Nie wierzę co się dzieje Jak kura z głodu pieje Jak wilkołak do księżyca W głowie dziury jak ulica Przed twoją chatą Rozpuszczam się jak baton Który leży na blacie Zejście jest jak nie wciągacie Bracie kurwa ryj mi krzywi W głowie burdel jak w TV Mnie nie dziwi taki stan Brak towaru w myślach ćpam Radę dam albo nie dam Wszystko kurwa z chaty sprzedam W sumie mam już przejebane Wszystko jednak jest sprzedane Ja pierdole same długi Kinol jak u tabalugi Dzień drugi bez walenia Gdzie jest wąż biała chemia Jebane zejście tak wykańcza Jakby w chuja dziabła cię szarańcza Chemia party chcę na narty Do dilera a nie w alpy O żesz kurwa chyba fiknę Jak w nochala nic nie psiknę Tak bardzo chcę dotykać gwiazd Ale nic z tego bo mam zjazd Totalne kurwa mega zejście A marzy mi się smoka wejście Masz hajsy Ci też zalegam No to chuj dziś już nie biegam Chcę mieć kopa jak pantera W krechę nie ma u dilera Już nie na pewno nie Chyba śmierć rozkłada mnie Nic nie przełknę mam dreszcze Kurwa mać ile jeszcze Będzie trwał ten stan Śnił mi się koksu van I hery gram tak dla smaku Chce się wozić w cadillacu Myślami po znajomych biegam Lecz każdemu coś zalegam Odpada opcja pożyczki Bo przycinam jak nożyczki Syf jak na Discovery Chcę wystrzelić jak z giwery Chcę hery i inne bajery W nosie pustak słychać szmery Macie numer do gargamela Może u niego w kotle jest hera Wiem głupoty pierdolę Ale nie ma nic na stole A w kieszeni jebana pustka Przydała by się w totka szóstka Albo chociaż jakaś czwórka I bym leciał jak jaskółka Jak pszczółka maja Do ucha śpiewała by mi kaja To są jaja no nie wierzę Wygięty leżę jak zdechłe zwierze Gorączka w kurwę się nasila Poharatany jak dupa fakira Jak zdzira wymiętolony Leżę kurwa rozpalony Hej Johny chciałbym posypać I na łące jak królik brykać Ale cały czas ten zjazd Usycham jak wyrwany chwast  Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę za zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz  In English 🇬🇧:  There's only one thing on my mind Five grams of coke, fly away on your own To the land of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will this state end? When I'm no longer alone Because a white eel will come There's only one thing on my mind Five grams of coke, fly away on your own Into the land of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will this state end? When I'm no longer alone Because a white eel will come Fuck it, I have a reunion I don't catch stars I'm lying down like a log I can't believe what's happening Like a hen crows from hunger Like a werewolf to the moon Holes in the head like the street In front of your cottage I'm melting like a candy bar Which is on the counter Descent is when you don't pull in Brother, my fucking face is crooked In my head it's a brothel like on TV I'm not surprised by this state of affairs Out of stock, I'm on drugs in my mind I'll give it a go or I won't I'll sell everything in the fucking house Basically, I'm already fucked However, everything is sold I have so many debts Kinol as in tabaluga Day two, no banging Where is the white chemical snake? The fucking descent is so exhausting It's like the locusts are attacking you I want a chemistry party for skiing To the dealer, not to the Alps Oh fuck, I think I'll fake it I won't spray anything like crazy I want to touch the stars so much But that doesn't matter because I have a reunion Total fucking mega comedown I dream of a dragon entering You have money, I owe you too Well, shit, I'm not running anymore today I want to kick like a panther There's no sign of it at the dealer Not anymore, definitely not I guess death is destroying me I can't swallow anything, I have chills Fuck how many more This state will continue I dreamed of a coke van And I play just for the taste I want to drive around in a Cadillac I'm running around thinking about my friends But I owe something to everyone The loan option is out of the question Because I cut like scissors Just like on Discovery I want to shoot like a gun I want hera and other goodies There is a murmur in the hollow's nose Do you have the number for Gargamel? Maybe he has hera in his pot I know, it's bullshit But there's nothing on the table And there's a fucking emptiness in my pocket A top six would be nice Or at least some four And I would fly like a swallow Like the bee May Kaja would sing in my ear These are eggs, I can't believe it I lie bent over like a dead animal The whore's fever is getting worse Beaten up like a fakir's ass He's rumpled like a slut I'm fucking hot Hey Johnny, I'd like to sprinkle some And play like a rabbit in the meadow But it's still going downhill I wither like a torn weed There's only one thing on my mind Five grams of coke, fly away on your own To the land of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will this state end? When I'm no longer alone Because a white eel will come There's only one thing on my mind Five grams of coke, fly away on your own Into the land of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will this state end? When I'm no longer alone Because a white eel will come
Hey i have adhd tooo
You should make a yt channel with ~3 million subscribers to put pressure on you to complete tasks.     *OH WAIT*
That’s why I fall asleep in school
I have ADHD, but when I try to medicate it I have weird side effects that pretty much make it mentally impossible to eat.
ADHD doesn't feel real but it is, it's surreal
my first pills made me have nightmares (i can remember many) second made me sleepwalk, last worked but i became slow and unhappy, and in summer vacation i just dint take it and worked great, i can focus if need to i can do stuff in house and meditation helps.... also im still lazy,non energetick... and balanced between happy and un happy..... yeah...
Methylfinidate feels like adderal but when you finish the tasks your hit with a train load of awareness
As a person who has been diagnosed with adhd ever since 3rd grade, stick with adderall. It works, but it can stop because your body gets used to it. You might be able to higher the dose and that should help.
ive had ADHD like my whole life and i took meds for years and i mean years on end idk wich meds i dind't feel bad or so bc of it they actually helped until i stopped taking the meds eventually like i thought my adhd was gone but ever since then its like a little voice in my head that just says let me back in sometimes it gets back in and i cant focus or anything at all but i keep it out most of the time until i dont like i wanna game but first watch 1 yt shorts and hours later i realise i was planning to do that in my game yet the day is already over so ye ADHD is a pain to have although sometimes it can help you like when u get some CRAZY adrenaline boosts from it. anyway ima stop talking bc other i might end up getting the longest comment on this video and all these comments are long and i mean long like ig everyone with ADHD can focus when it comes to writing comments about ADHD or about their experiences with it but now i rly gotta stop bc im realising i keep writing and its not stopping i cant stop pls help i honestly cant stop writing everything im thinking is coming into text holy sh*t i gotta stop im going crazy this text is too long im not feeling good alright im stopping now bye
0:44 Me after finishing the university
The answer is yes. You should worry about the heat death of the universe
You could try metholfenidate i find it works pretty well
Funny how polish cow is about coke and suicide :D      (Yes im polish)
So I have adhd and this confirmed this for me but my head empty so no thoughts overlapping and don't complete and I get distracted easily but sometimes I get hyper focuses I also have autism
I wish my brain would work
Favorite part was "Where's the guy in charge?" cuts to dopamine lying dead on the ground
Im just gonna say i have multiple diferent ADHD meds and i pick different ones depending on what im supposed to do
I'm currently taking medication for my migraines and (if you wish to know details, the backstory will be below) I've been just pushing through the side effects that are starting to wear on me because it feels like 'well its better than without the medicine and its better than what the last one did to me'. But your final comment makes me really realize that I need to have a talk with my doctor about it. You're right. There's more to taking medication than results only.  Backstory: I've always had chronic migraine (inherited through my mother's side of the family. None of the entire family on that side has escaped the migraines). I was diagnosed with it when I was 7 and was able to manage them with over-the-counter medication as needed. Things changed a little when I started my period, but the migraines were still manageable. Now, when I got married. That. Is when everything changed. I started taking birth control and suddenly whenever I got a migraine, it would last for a week. To my own mind, it wasn't super crazy since I did get them for days sometimes, but they were manageable. After a while though, I began to realize that as soon as one migraine ended, a new one would start by the next day. So finally I went to my doctor and she prescribed me a medication at a low dose that seemed like a good starting place. And for a week, it worked great! Then I was supposed to up my dose ever so slightly. Which is where I almost went blind. O.O Needless to say, I was told to immediately stop taking that medication. So now I've got a new prescription that I take as a rescue medication when I feel a bad one coming on. I'm supposed to be taking it anytime I need it, but...sometimes the side effects are worse than the actual migraine. To the point that I end up just...dealing with the migraine instead of taking my prescription.  So yeah, all in all, I think I'll take your advice and see what my next steps are with my doctor 😅
Cause I had ✨SyMpToMs✨
Ahahahahahahh  AHHAHAAAHHAA AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHh (dying cough)
just got diagnosed and medicated, feeling sad.
i want justice for compy
I’ve been on Vyvanse for years now. But I only take it when I need to, which is mainly for school. Something he didn’t talk about is the lack of appetite. I struggle to gain weight because of it.
This is really interesting! Ive known for a long time tbat i have ADHD, but only started medication last year. I started off with concerta, which did literally nothing. I tried Adderall next, which was weird. Sometimes it would work, and sometimes nothing would happen. When jt would work for me, I would just *feel* like i could do things, and then i would do them. Didnt really help with studying though which was the primary reason I started medication. Next I tried quailbri, which was a non stimulant, so it takes a couple weeks before it kicks in. It's also been a little inconsistent, but it seems like it's generally been more consistent and effective than anything else. I'm going to try to find something else soon that is better, because yeah, it really does feel like I'm not in control of how my own body works most days, and its still a real struggle to get tasks done that i need to.
I got a adhd ad when I clicked on this video
same
I haven’t been properly diagnosed but I was so unorganized, poor memory and just all around lofty and often daydreaming in my own head so much that it was affecting my work. But my psych put me on 18mg Strattera and holy crap the difference it made. I wish it worked maybe a tad bit better but the next dose up was too strong and I lost my appetite entirely for a couple weeks. I’ve also been on other medications in the past and also… just stopped taking them without talking to my psych first. I don’t plan on doing that with this one but I wonder if that’s a common thing people with ADHD do… idk if I got bored of it or if I got stuck in that loop of “oh I feel better, I must be better, guess I don’t need it” OR if it’s just because it’s supposed to be routine and I just struggle with it
i have adhd to :)
I take Dyanavel XR and that works great for me.
I got vivance yo its for cool guy syndrome btw
That sad face at the beginning is too good
I remember taking ADHD pills and they made me smool like 4:9
Junior neuroscientist here with unmedicated ADHD. I choose to be unmedicated because I feel like society needs to change. It’s somewhat futile but I don’t think we should be so focused on everyday steam-train output  and medicating children and adults. Instead I think we should diversify school, learning tasks and work to remain interesting, engaging and go off of people’s individual strengths. I really believe ADHD is considered a “disorder” only because we have such a narrow perspective of what should be normal and how we should operate as humans when in reality, why WOULDNT we have phenotypically different brains? Our genes vary naturally and humans have specialized in brain power- of course there are going to be vast differentiations as a result. It’s actually awesome and we shouldn’t have to medicate ourselves at the expense of our health just to be able to produce constant results. Adhd people are awesome and have our place in all disciplines. We just have to be able to do it OUR way.
What did you say
Your butt
My brother has adhd.
I got diagnosed with ADHD and I instantly refused da drugs because I didn't wanna take drugs just to change myself. I like how I am tbh
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!  The cowwww :(
for 10 years i was put on adhd meds and it completely ruined my health until I started not taking them in secret and i started being a better me and my parents noticed too so i told them that I hadn't been taking them. and thank God they took me off them because I'm doing a lot better.
Where is the video of the cow dancing I wanna watch it for a few hours?
Polish cow?
Bro elvanse makes me as focused as a laser beam (that i cant control) but im starting to learn how to sort of control it
When I tried 5 antz I fainted because it made my blood pressure really low
“Guh” -Ice cream sandwich 2023
ADHD treatment requires extensive cognitive behavioral therapy WHILE you have medication. A therapist should work with you on creating good habits, improving your organizational skills and executive function WHILE you take meds. The meds themselves won’t solve the problem.   Been on meds and in therapy for about 1.5 years now, made HUGE strides.
Andy 😢 I can't get through medical transcriptions. I get 2 minutes in and I can feel my brain and body shutting down.
Omg I love this!
That's really interesting, i always wondered what ADHD is like
they put me on aderall. i started at 5 mg and it didnt work or do anything so they steadily increased by 5mg it every month until i was on 25mg and it still did nothing. then they tried to put me on ridaline which almost killed one of my friends so i refused. now theyve kinda just given up in the adhd meds. :)
sandwich
placebo
Idk wth vivance did to u but i hope it doesnt happen to.. others
I wasted 3 years trying every alternative for my kid because I was really scared of meds "changing their brain" and whatnot. I had to hit the lowest of lows before I begrugingly said "fine... I guess we have to try it. Sad face." And omg we should have done it sooner! They're finally making friends, thriving in school, it's been fantastic and they're so much happier. We did have to go through a process of increasing the dose a few times until it seemed to hit a good spot, and we take weekends and summer break "off" so they can reset their tolerances to the medications. But to me it sounds like your 5 mg just wasn't a high enough dose? (obligatory not a doctor here) My kid's on 20mg.  Yes it's basically "meth" but basically your brain is going ten million miles a minute and they need your body to catch up with it. It's *balancing* you. I don't see that as a bad thing, my body needs other medications so I don't bleed to death and I'm sure as heck not going to stop taking them even if a normal person taking the same thing would be bad. We're not normal. We need medical aid to do normal body things. =P
My parents say I don’t need meds but then tell at me for forgetting something or getting anything under a 90.  I’ve tried to kms many times- this could be prevented with.. ✨meds✨
I ALSO HAVE ADHD
I have ADHD and honestly with my meds I just feel numb and depressed and then when it where’s off (like the next day) I feel normal and ig I’m back to being silly but then I need to take it again so I kinda just stopped taking it and I couldn’t even focus with the med anyway it just gave me headache and made me dizzy >:(
People with adhd absolutely need handlers to direct them
Back in primary school they noticed that I wasn't really able to focus, so I got meds (concerta, thank god I live in Europe and that shit is all covered by insurance), and it worked out great. Then by middle school I stopped taking it and finished middle school without it, also my studie in video editing (where my adhd actually came in handy for creativity). All great up until I had a depression, got out of that and got a job as a programmer at a marketing agency, which is HIGH stress. My first year they almost kicked me out because I was under performing, but I KNEW I could do it.. then i thought about taking meds again and I did, and it genuinely saved my job.
The trumpet thing happens to me, only instead of trumpets it’s multiple anime intro songs including Digimon, Evangelion, One Piece, and Gundam Wing
My adhd Medication is a nightmare for me because I forget if I took it or if I already took it
when i randomly stopped taking  vyvans bc i had the same symptoms i had a seizure
I have been on amphetamines for my ADHD for years, if the 5 mg of adderall was not working for you it could be useful to try switching from XR to IR or vice versa. Idk which one you were taking but if you are not experiencing crashes you are lucky.
I’m currently looking at going to Virginia tech, a college widely seen as above average. If it wasn’t for taking aderall since kindergarten I don’t think I could be saying that
Vyvanse is still an amphetamine and adderal is not "basically meth"
Me:let’s do school  My brain: how does a bird fly Me: I know how shut up My Brain: u sure about that
i take the max dosage of vivance and i still got the ADD part of ADHD
I was labeled with ADHD in first grade and this is awesome
Oh my fucking god the 5 dudes in the brain thing makes a lot of sense and is waaaaay to relatable
The problem with adhd medication currently, is it aims to subdue adhd actions and energies, rather than something which would be much better, to utilize the energies, direct the raging stream to turn the water wheel, so to speak
REMEMBER TO UNSUBSCRIBE. wait-
He also forgot that taking these drugs also drastically increases your chances of developing heart problems by the age of 20 if you are 5ish by the time you start
This is very accurate...  What does the pill machine look like? Can my pharmacist fill their own meds?   Where us my sandwich? Wait, did I already eat lunch?
i take the second medication named in this video and this is all very true. you need to be like focused on a task to be able to do it. but if you’re watching a show when it kicks in it’s like you can’t focus on anything else. and then the med wears off and you’ve wasted like the whole day😭
Throw back to the time I accidentally took two Adderall (took it once, forgot, took it again, realized) and then cleaned my entire house but felt like I was near death the entire time.
Personally I don't like vyvanse it really messed with my eating significantly and I always felt dissociated likt it made me feel sort of like a zombie but I did focus so that's good but I wish all of y'all luck I you take adhd meds trust me I'm still trying to find one for myself <333
I have ADHD but my meds do not help
there is a lot of good resoruces on youtube, that can some times help you retrain your brain with out drugs
TLDR; Talk to doctor about stopping your adhd meds cus you could get uber depresso if you just stop  One of the most important things about using ADHD medication is to make sure you talk to the doctor if you're going to stop taking it. If you've been medicated for a long time continuously then stopping can cause you to have severe depression. Many kids graduating high school and stopping their meds will find themselves extremely sad and depressive, and sometimes even worse than standard depression. My brother graduated high school 7 years before me and was still taking mood stabilizers when I told him I found out why I was such a mess coming out of school and he went, "oh that sounds like what I dealt with."
Every time I watch a video about adhd I’m more convinced that I’ve got it 🥲👍🏻
BRO!! I had the same out of breath always exhausted feeling that you were explaining! I thought I was alone
right sometimes adhd isnt that fun but also its fun sometimes adhd fills the void we call life...why live like everyone else and take meds to fix you when you can be you! I dont veiw adhd as a bad thing...I veiw it as a persionality that makes you diffrent from everyone else.....so my opionen...dont get rid of adhd...sometimes it can give you ideas about animations and stuff...
I take ridlin
My son was prescribed Adderall for ADHD.  He went from being distracted to being violent and destructive. He flashed his privates at his aunt and cut the couch up with a razor.  We discontinued the medication.
00:00 That isn't funnny this song is about depression drugs stuff like that
3:24 XD 3:33 nord be like: " no bad! " 3:35 aw man, i cant put it " there " that stinks. :P
My ADHD was caught VERY early, and I got extensive therapy for it, so much so that my dosage hadn't been increased since I was in kindergarten because I mainly lean on the coping mechanisms my therapists taught me since I was 6 years old.  My dosage was so low that I was able to come off them immediately recently without any side effects.   I'm an example of the luxury Gen Z has when it comes to their disorders, which is that ours are caught early and are treated early.
bro ur just autistic not adhd
Concerta girl
I like weed
My ADHD kinda makes me laser focused on what I like or enjoy so anything I don’t I completely zone out. Luckily I’m a nerd so I’m good at my classes but oh my lord I can’t learn the same way as everyone else so I have to ask my classmates for help or ask the teacher but sometimes they go like “well you should have listened” WELL I WOULD IF I COULD
btw I am watching this when i have an exam tomorrow
I can focus on things that I am interested in with incredible focus, but the moment I am required to do or learn anything I don't really want to, my brain is like "Time to focus on a billion different things and be as unproductive as possible!". I took ritalin as a child, aka, methylphenidate, but eventually I just straight up stopped taking them. I hated these meds. They did exactly what I wanted them to do, but I felt like a gun that was put a suppressor onto, or a water hose that someone was stepping on. I was everything everyone wanted me to be, but I was still not in control. Unfortunately for me, something that me and my family realized a few years ago, is that I may also be somewhere on the autism spectrum. Not straight up Asperger's, but I am most probably somewhere on the spectrum. So I don't know how that is affecting my ADHD or the meds I was taking for it. I thought about getting meds again, but before I do, I should probably get myself tested for autism spectrum disorder.
1:24 is my brain 7/24 lol
I agree I have to take meds. I also flap my arms and make a screech sound, and ofc mine was anger issues since I was 4 or smth!
I hated going on my medication because when I did I wouldn’t be hungry
my dad says he has ADHD
It's actually kinda unfortunate that I can't install a MOUNTAIN of security on my butt
Also need to take pills
I have adhd to
Usually I don't like when YouTubers use cartoons. But these were neat. Really nice animation.
As a person with ADHD I used  to take medication I say use it’s because the medication gave me really bad headaches so my mom told the nurses that she wanted to stop giving me medication and I became more crazy with out them 😘💅💅💅💅💅
Retaline is great, its a mix of both but less meth en more speed
I have adhd and autism my autism isn't so bad so I don't "need" med for it but my adhd is "bad" so I'm supposed to get Meds I don't get them because I've heard of so many story's like this and I kinda like being distractable sometimes it's pretty useful because now I know how to save a choking person because I was borde I wouldn't have learnt that if I didn't have adhd
ADHD=me in a nutshell
Weed.... Weed works... Indica specifically
Elvanse/Vlanse has some weird side effects that they do not mention
Drugs the answer to everything
It’s because you do not have adhd
My ADHD meds make me not hungry, so when they ware off… OH GOD MY STOMACH!!!!!!
the sad thing with adhd meds for me, they've been making me depressed, hateful, and anxious. I have hyperactivity ADHD, and I need a high dosage, for a middle schooler, I have a kind of big amount, but any time I get one year deeper with my mbs It eventually goes back to ADHD takeover. So I need a heightened dosage every year, I can't eat during lunch or breakfast, wish there was a better solution. It's not easy, I can't pay attention on a low dosage, and on a high dosage I am crying or overthinking, I'm developing more mental issues as I get into each year. Sometimes the medication has bad side affects and you need to watch out for random spikes in anxiety or depression.
7:39 no need for explanation
"Is the heat death of the universe something I need to worry about?" As someone with ADHD as well that is probably the most ADHD thought to think lmao
The Polish cow 💀
Eating non processed food, eating little to no sugar, cooking with raw ingrediants and some form of daily exercise helps alot for me.
I just did breakfast thanks to my medicine
Adhd has some similar symptoms to psychosis. So maybe we all just crazy.😂
tylko jedno w głowie mam
Okay yeah but when I tell my medical professional that my meds make me have the symptoms of serotonin syndrome and they say "aw nah you're just adjusting" I just find out what dose I need my own damn self.
My brain all the time 1:09
Stimulants were a miracle for the first 3 days and.. then a nightmare. I took Vyvanse and Concerta (SEPARATELY, ON DIFFERENT OCCASIONS) and it was like the fog in my mind had finally cleared. I hyperfocused on work for hours, but so hard that I had limited interactions with others because I was so impatient to work more. This made me Really Depressed (though I think the meds also did that). I also was taking Prozac at the time (SSRI antidepressant) and these things don't mix because I started to develop the beginning symptoms of "Serotonin Syndrome" which is DEVASTATING (look it up, it's really bad) so I had to stop taking them. One of them also erased my appetite so I developed ARFID for like 2 years :'). Next I tried one that isn't a stimulant, and it... did absolutely nothing. Might try one again some day but I definitely relate to some of the things in this video and I'm kinda okay with my life hacks.
bruy i literally looked for the song from the intro then proceeded to listen to 3 more polish songs and completely forgot i was watching this vid lmaoo
omg... not the polish cow.... i cant
hey as a fellow person that has adhd i was diagnosed at birth and i found that journey PM works well i think it is cause you take it night and when you wake up it already working and you can focus on stuff sooner
So just discipline and grew up ourself 🔥
I like the song where the cow is dancing at the start😊
i wanna get tested for this but idk how to
the only ads that I don't wanna skip
i like to think the lil doodle guy is a separate entity thats pulling the strings behind the scenes   (Or is it just me)
I took stratera…….. about 40mg worth, I was a zombie but hey, I got my work done when I was awake. Coffee seemed to wear it off faster though
This is the best video i've ever watched.
My experience is that I’m also extremely forgetful. So I kinda screwed my self early because I would constantly forget to take the meds for weeks on end. I’ve literally now resorted to putting my meds right next to my pc because putting them in the kitchen cabinets essentially made go out of sight, out of mind. And when I started taking the meds early on it felt great. But now I wonder and am worried that it was just a placebo, because I don’t feel anywhere near as focused as I was when I first started them.
Dancing cow video had my brain for a lil while so I had to back track the video a couple times   …. I’ve been out of adderall for a while
0:17 Well thanks a loot sandwhich now I cant watch the funny cow dance
Vyvance is one of the few medications that has little to no adverse effect from suddenly starting or stopping it. I had minor withdrawal symptoms at worst which basically amounted to my stomach felt a little funny. I could definitely tell I forgot my medication based on that feeling alone but sincerely I could not have made it through school without vyvance.
ADHD is the worst to have in school homeschool is better (I only kinda had homeschool cause covid)
I've been off meds for a while now and I've kinda gotten used to it though I still have a hard time with it and It was only because I was used to the highest dosage and it didn't work then gave me a second medication that had a lot of side effects and I didn't like how I felt after I took it I was more zombie so afterwards I stopped taking it but it's funny cus the second medication he took was what I was taking and I can agree it was super focus then it dies down and it's just a constant wave of bullshit it was not okay but yeah no adhd is not fun
1:58 rip dopamine you will be missed
1:52 absolutly kiiled my that sound of trupets will for infitiny sound in my head :D
u and i actually have the same ADHD it’s  super weird but we actually had a very similar experience with vyvance :3 for me it gave me the same thing but i became very socially awkward even with my partner and very specific emotions were amplified ESPECIALLY angel •-• so that was really fun! so i stopped taking it and now i’m back to square one and am struggling heavily as a college freshman :D
Same thing happened to me on vivance and I got used to it
Ok im from aus and we have good healthcare so drugs are cheap, so i use ritilan and its 30 mg and honestly its super hard to notice because i dont notice the difrence, but one of the side affects is appetite reduction so i dont eat a lot but yeah it really helps me get it done
Dr. Sebi speaks more truth, than Big Pharma does... It only exists, to keep ya sick...
I might have a very small case of adhd but I can still focus by doing little things to trick my brain, but my parents used to make me take medication for it that didn’t work and tasted bad, yes the medicine had a flavor and it tasted like puke.
i use concertera lol
I got problem
i have a slew of issues that meds only made way worse and got my doctor fired only after it ruined my life. now im terrified of taking any meds
me, the average adzenys user: 🗿🍷
Medicated adhd feels like autism
So ADHD is basically having 1 million thoughts just competing plus 1000 distractions
That 2+2  part was the most relatable thing ever as an adhd enfp
Ur one of the few YouTubers i don’t skip the sponsor adverts cause the amazingness that is you never stops
Guh
The thing people don’t tell you is that you will most likely have to go through many meds before you get the right ones. I’ve been through at least 20-30 different meds (for multiple disorders tho) which took multiple years before I found a combination that worked well with minimal to no serious side effects.   For me, it was worth it but I do 100% agree with not continuing meds that have negative side effects. If something is wrong, do NOT wait longer than 1 week to take action.
I swear I have adhd but no adults will believe me and it’s really hard to do anything as a sophomore in high school like idk what to do but nobody will believe me that I think I have to so I’m a loss
this is my current distraction. task A was laundry. task B was homework. task C was eating food.  i have a coffee mug full of water and i am watching ice cream sandwich videos.   why, yes, i *am* unmedicated
It’s crazy how different adhd meds are from depression meds (SSRI’s/SNRI) like when I was trying meds it would take 4-6 weeks to feel anything if at all, but it seems that adhd meds work after a couple of hours
He was 5 seconds away from monetization
What did we learn? Matpat should take meth to focus on the fnaf lore
You do meth?
I know I have strugglings with concentration, and I feel something is blocking in my mind... I don't really want to take medications but I really do NOTHING besides working hard until I am too tired to do anything else but still, not being productive at all. It cost a bit of money to be diagnosed as adhd but I think it would be really helpful because I never felt so accurate to someone with the same struggles as me
Now I need 10 hour video of that cow 🤣
Concerta gang where you at
I love my vyvance
Concerta helps with focusing on thought in particular and lasts almost a perfect school day! (in my opinion)
Concerta gang anyone?
Evey time I took meds I felt so weird like I was dizzy after taking them. After school I would get massive headaches
The thing about adhd is that i dont understand how adhd affects my own life cuz i just chalk it off as me being weird
this medication is not allowed  in my country lol
You could try a medicine that works pretty well it’s called: "Methylphenidate"
Adderall and vyvanse have similarities, I coulda sworn that both were -phetamine based. I'm curious about concerta though since it does work slightly differently and is the other option here. (We start on either vyvanse or concerta, then try non-stims if neither is working)  But a decent amount of the non-stims seem to focus on norepinephrine related receptors more than dopamine. Which can cause anxiety and stuff or work less well. But it's different for everyone
I never got diagnosed but I think I need to consider a doctors appointment.
I can relate I take A.D. H.D piles too
3
I HAVE ALOT OF ADHD ITS RELATIBLE
#JusticeForCompy
I'd try to take more milligrams. Try 25 milligrams or Adderall.
Why is this vid so goddamm quiet compared to all the other vids
vyvance and adderal are very closely related. Adderal is made of two drugs, amphetamine and dextroamphetamine, while vyvance *lys* dexamphetamine. The thing is, lysdexamphetamine gets turned into dextroamphetamine. The lys gets removed pretty much. Your still taking drugs chemically related to meth, but if you watch NileRed (you should, he’s great) you should know that chemicals used to create plastic gloves can be slightly changed and can be used to make hot sauce. So just because they’re slightly similar, doesn’t mean they do the same thing at all. (Im serious though, he has an entire 1hour long video where he goes through the process of turning a chemical used in some forms of plastic gloves into a chemical used in a lot of hot sauces. And then he does a taste test to see if it was spicy. Im not joking)  Also, I’m not a medical professional (I’m still studying, and I’m studying *para*medicine at that), but if you decide that you want to try medication again, I’d say that you should ask your doctor about trying out non-stimulant medications or non-serotonin medication such as Strattera, as the symptoms you were describing sounded a lot like serotonin syndrome.
this is the most relateble video I have watched in my life
i havent been diagnose but i might have adhd due to having basically every symptoms
I wonder if i have adhd or if im bored or a dumbass Who found adhd? Why is it named that way? What if adhd was never made If adhd never existed would we live in a scifi universe with ultra productive minds? Is there an opposite thing called like  dhda and it makes you extremely focused?
Vyvanse has been a miracle drug for me. It not only treats my ADHD, but my chronic fatigue and binge-eating disorder as well. The bad news is that my insurance won’t cover it, and it is EXPENSIVE. Like, this month the price was going to be almost $600 (my pharmacy ended up cancelling the order because they didn’t believe I would buy it I guess, idk, I have problems every single month with them). But I legitimately cannot function without it so what am I supposed to do. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I have ADHD and I was happy to finally under stand why I can't focus or other things. But my mom always says "You don't have ADHD." Wanna know why? Because she doesn't want me to use medication.
I wan to keep my ADHD
Why is your audio low
why do people treat adhd as a problem its fun having it
ADDERALL. IS. NOT. METH. Please stop scaring people of a medication they might have incredible results with. Medication does not magically fix you, you need CBT or some other kind of behavioral therapy on top of it all to actually learn ways to live with both your ADHD and the medications.
I take mydayus it’s probably not spelled like that but yeah, it works pretty well for me
got prescribed rit which made me buzzed for anything and everything, gave me comedowns as it wore off and googled the affects were like coke so i started abusing them and then just stopped after i got sick. now i am unmedicated! for now
i took adarall but it just made my adhd much worse
I take vyvance, that is so weird I never experience that, the only thing like that is bc the medicine just destroyed your appetite then I start to get those symptoms
POLISH  SONGGGG   WOOOOOOOOO
I have pretty bad adhd and now im doing pretty fine without it. With adderall i could focus and do what i was told but after years of using it the problems i noticed when on it was that i didnt want to eat and food tasted bad so then i wouldnt eat and lose weight in a bad sense. I also couldnt sleep as well because i had the desire to design rockets because of the meds and also what scared me the most is that it made me extremely apathetic and i wouldnt feel much emotions. I felt like a robot and not in the good way. Idk how i manage without meds but over the years i think i just not only learned to live with it but to also work with it. It is still there and it affects me but just not as badly.
As someone who discovered they had add too, its so hilarious catching yourself doing something completly different from what you were initially doing. I just start laughing out loud. Must look crazy if other people was near xd
Seeing this makes me question my entire life
you reminded me of Polish cow now my brain play 10 hour loop to do hw
What works for me is multi tasking do more work at once so less later
Lmao i can’t imagine being able to do work for work and not all at once and nothing at all
I didnt even relize he said unsubscribe . like it felt normal.
Adoral is pretty much meth and Vyvanse is pretty much cocaine, took Vyvanse for 8 years and it felt like every moment i was on coke
Tried meds,didn't like the feeling really and if i moved to much  i would get these slight shocks and my legs would go jelly for a sec and my head buzzes...stopped that real quick
The trumpet part is my brain when ever I am doing school work so that is why I listen to music until I mess with the music and don't get anything done.
Guh
7:38 I feel like someone is personally spying on me
i've been unmedicated adhd since like high school - it was 'easier' in school bc it was often brushed off as like... being smart, quirky, and just being deeply into school. attention can travel, hobbies can vary, etc. when you're young (this is all in my case, not for everyone obvi). however, when i was finally out of school and working - it would literally drive me to tears once we shifted to WFH. i finally was like - it's time to be on medicine!!! i'm on tests now to see what sort of medication i should be on. this video was really helpful to show to people i know, to show them how it feels and how it works for me. thank you!!!
It took me years to find the right one for me. You will get there just be patient.
Have you tried rilatin it did for me what you ask of your meds
I have ADD:( The extreme version  For example lm so forgetful I sometimes forget what left and right is or what I was thinking  I can’t go one day without the drug And I’m only 13
Me myself is currently on Adderall, when I take it I feel super drained and I cannot eat. Do any of my other ADHD brothers have the same problem?
Oh my god get out of my head 😂.
2×2 is 2²
Where do i find that cow video at the start?
Oddly enough, there is a mwdication for ADHD that is literally just Meth.
❤
I have ADHD as well, Diagnosed in the 4th grade, Also having sensory issues mainly with sounds and fabrics which is leaning to autism. But because I wasn’t medicated properly in 3rd grade I got traumatized my meds only worked for like the first two years now I only feel stress and anxiety and occasional happiness when with my dogs of with friends. It’s sucks so much😭 Btw I’m getting tested for Anxiety, Depression and autism if my mother doesn’t forget. ( I’m still a minor )
I’m watching this video right after taking my medication
Yknow i had a similar experience to your vyvanse experience while on adderall lmfao
For me I use Ritalin I dont know how to describe it but that’s the one Im on
nah i have a linovo thinkpad it will be fine
Adderall is not basically meth.
I got diagnosed like, yesterday, and would like to thank you for sharing!!!
I used to have "attention deficit disorder" (without the hyperactivity thing) a few years ago, my school caught it early and the diagnosis was never positive...years later they discovered "absence" type epilepsy and years Later I began to have attacks, years later the drugs managed to control the attacks...but even at work they keep calling me distracted, as if I fell asleep with my eyes open...many times I get distracted by anything. ..even though my job prevents me from using my cell phone, I get distracted by my own thoughts. Umm...how do I explain this to my boss?
Well that second 1 sure helped, watching a video and five minutes later knowing how to send a rocket to space by yourself
doctors: *diagnosed me with adhd* a year later: doctors: lets put this child on aderall 3rd grade me: 🔥👄🔥
What did you learn about bird houses
I know it can be expensive and hard, but doing a 2-week travel of multiple medications while consulting with your psychiatrist can be super helpful. I did that. I tried conservative, Adderall and hree others before settling on concerta.
1:07 is literally me but I’m too scared to get tested because I’m afraid that the doctor will look at me and say “nah you’re just dumb loser 😂” and then I’ll start crying
ok 1st thing you said abt overlapping and stuff  so accurate
This video is old but oh well, I have ADHD and autism so you can imagine what is wrong with the man stirring my brain juices but being unmedicated is actually very freeing
I had a bad experience with meds, I was taking concerta since I was 6 and I was so not hungry from it that my growth plates closed 2 years early. It also felt like I was a different person and my parents only liked my medicated self. I won’t lie though when I say it greatly improved my academics.
I got ADD and it sucks i almost failed grade 9 cus I couldn’t focus on my classes kept getting side tracked when tryna do work it fricken sucks
This video makes me think I have ADHD
I quit taking my ADHD meds cause I was never hungry and I couldn’t sleep.
I used to take Adderall for ADHD and stopped because of the side effects actually; the extended release would cause anxiety and depressive epicodes when it wore off, and the immediate release gave me migranes. Like, once I had a 6 day migraine and had to go to the ER migranes. Soooo I have been trying to get back on meds but find one that doesn't make my brain hurt, because that thing where you spend all day not doing the thing you need to caused me to fail like 2 classes I should have passed last semester.
I recommend Concerta!
getting distracted all the time made me realize I had ADHD, it made me think a lot and so I took pills as well, I got hyper and I got to focused on stupid things I didn't have to do it. :( but I just left me ADHD alone I now can control my ADHD now. :)
i have ADD and i’ve tried 6 different medications, none of them did anything except the last one which i only felt the negative side effects
Problems with sleep are normal with adhd meds because they are amphetamines which are very powerful stimulants.
TBH ADHD for my brother is that scene in Spongebob out of water when they eat the cotton candy
amphetamines work
I have adhd
I need the cow video tho
Yes I have it
U also get superheadaches andburnouts?
i was on vyvanse before. that shit sucked pp. ran into a problem where if i laughed to hard my lips and finger would start to curl up? shit was whack
what i wouldn't give to be able to just.. focus, but i will never get medicated 😤
I like the dancing cow video, where can I watch it
After years of sitting on it, today I finally took my first dose of Wellbutrin. It'll take a while for me to see the effects since it's not a stimulant, but I'm excited and hopeful. There are two big Tasks™️ that need to be done SOON and I'm hoping that for once in my life I'm able to sit down and DO them without feeling like I'm having my teeth pulled.  It's been a struggle my whole life. I dropped out of school because of it, and I've put off a lot of things that should've been done years ago. I'm ready to take my life back into my own hands.
i take a extended  release adderall
I have had a bad experience with medication. I think it's probably because I started on concerta at a really young age (I was about 5 or 6 and took it until I was about 14). It helped teachers at school to be able to deal with me but it didn't feel like it was good for me. Then when I was 21 I trialled dexamphetamine for a bit but it's one of the FOCUS ones and I found that wasn't making me feel very well either. I have now accepted that while medication is good for some people, it doesn't help me very much and the little tips and tricks I have picked up along the way serve me quite well.
5 millagrams of adderall, how pathetic I take 20 millagrams and it still doesn't work heheheheheheeeeeeee😂
6:55 sometimes this happens with me (I take Vyvanse) usually because it suppresses my appetite so I don’t eat until my stomach is actually in pain. I have to set alarms so I eat enough. Since I’m still in school it helps me have intense focus on what I’m being taught which is good. It does scare the other kids in my class though. I’m also autistic with could effect the way I experience adhd meds (Fun fact if you have one [either autism or adhd] your more likely to have the other it’s not definite though, they are just linked)
i got the tizm, my normal med is vyvanse but everybodys out of that from T h e S h o r t a g e so im on adderall xr for the month, and i have F e l t ... something? dunno what, but its different, i think its working slightly better than the vyvanse on various little bits n bobs but then again this is literally the first day im on it so Who Knows
Where is the link to the cow vid
I had short attention span problem and I was actually able to get rid of it by just training myself to focus on one thing
I have ADHD ;) no medication
Bro forgetting names is nothing i have reached omnipotence by forgetting somones whole fucking existance
i have adhd to
Take melatonin it can suppress your adhd Side effects include: Less energy
The first explanation of the medication u know the being able to thing was so on point it's unreal
I got adhd too! I’m still not diagnosed, but they gave me a prescription for medications for it?
I recently got diagnosed with ADHD (Which I already expected) and also it seems like I`m autistic, more specifically Asperger :) which I didn`t expect at all... Not in the least bit but it kind of explains a lot like my inability to have comebacks to jokes and many times I struggle a lot with jokes or "funny" situations and I have to fake a smile and laugh which hurts after a while. I can`t wait to have my medication, even if I have a similar reaction to you, I would prefer that 1000 times more than this inability to be able to do stuff.
I hate taking pills for my adhd.
I have ADHD and I upgraded my 5 milligram medicine to a 10 mg medicine of the same kind and whenever I take it my body tries to get it back out
I have adhd and I’m supposed to be doing homework but instead I’m watching his😂😂😂
Yea, I’ve had ADHD all my life and I was taking pills from like 1st grade to 5th grade and then I stopped cuz omg it was terrible felt like I was on speed and couldn’t control myself like the ADHD got worse. Ever since then I’ve been off meds and well it’s been better now as a 17yr it more of a 30% chance to have a ADHD episode if you know what I mean.
Hey, @Ice Cream Sandwich I have a lot of symptoms of adhd too but im not sure if I should get tested?
i have adhd and i take meds, the effect that i feel when the meds die out is like a felling of slowly getting hyper, innatentive and hungry. and the meds affect the distractions but not the messy brain, i remember during test that i would think of stuoid things and not doing any work even tho i take my meds. but when the meds are not taken, i get distracted to anything and everything
POLSKA BUDZIĆ SIE
Idk tbh, i got my degree. So im doing ok, just fucking hard sometimes ngl.
I started taking concerta in like 1st grade and I became horribly emotional and very underweight. I was then taken off of it  until I was a sophomore in highschool and couldn't take it anymore because I worked so hard just to keep up. Im talking all nighters several time a week. Never doing anything after school but hw and haveing to get tutored. Then I was told "Oh yeah you were diagnosed with adhd" and I got started on vyvance which was a life saver.
You can also try to make things fun for yourself with dopamine. Dopamine has a lack of sensors in our brains, so we get less dopamine than a regular person, and dopamine gives us motivation, both for normal people and adhd people, we can also do something called hyper focus; this is basically having all our attention on one thing and only that one thing for a month or so, it depends for the time you have hyper focus, but dopamine should help you be more productive
You dont need meds. just focus
I have ADHD & I can relate to this but I haven’t taken the pill for it tho… But yeah I can understand what it’s like 😅😭
dude im on the same page as you
I have ADHD and when I’m unmedicated they word orangutan is constantly in my thoughts.
Im personally on Guanfacine, and it does help me focus but when i started it i got dizzy really easily and i was waking up way too early, like 4:00 AM ish, so guanfacine is nice if your willing to be kind of trippy for the first few weeks
me trying to watch dis but distracted by my phone and  surroundings while constantly looking back up to the video
ADHD life hack, start 2 projects and start doing project A, when you get distracted you can work on project B and so on
Thank you for helping me discover polish cow lol
The fact that u played polish cow in the start of da vid was cool.
I had the same out of breath problem you had with vyvanse! My issue was with focalin, but it turned out that I was having heart issues from it. (Nothing life threatening or anything, it was ok). I recommend SSRIs, or selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors. They’re a type of antidepressant that can be used to treat ADHD because serotonin helps with stabilizing mood and with focus (much like dopamine!) and SSRIs prevent your brain from cleaning up serotonin as quickly, meaning you have more of it. However, they can cause drowsiness, so I’d recommend taking them in the evenings before bed. Sorry if this was too nosy lol, I also have ADHD and struggle with social boundaries. I just wanted to put stuff out here for people who are struggling with ADHD. A great channel for help is How to ADHD!
Tried vyvanse and inducef panic attacks tried Intunive caused me to fall asleep at 7:00 pm when i was sleeping at 10 or 11 before tried stratera worked just fine its apl about finding the right balance for you
Hehe vyvanse with anxiety makes that out of breath feeling turn into hyperventilation 🙃
My favorite thing about ADHD is hyperfocus. I’m interested in a wide variety of things, so hyperfocus often works in my favor and I learned to wield it pretty well. Also, hyperfocus has made me into a kick butt Mario kart machine! (And it resulted in getting left behind at a water park on a field trip … that one wasn’t great :/)
Adderall is NOT meth! They are both stimulants, as is caffeine, but they are NOT the same. The main difference is that Adderall is taken with the guidance of a professional, and you take it regularly without stopping suddenly. In fact, Adderall makes some people less likely to get addicted to meth, because meth is often a form of self-medication people try when they don’t have prescription medications! So no, Adderall is not meth. This is one of the many myths that actively harms people with ADHD. Can it be a problem if you abuse it? Yeah. So can literally any medication. That doesn’t mean it’s meth.
I’ve been diagnosed with ADHD when I was really young, but I thought it wasn’t right, turns out it’s Autism and ADHD 😅
When I first got diagnosed with adhd I started taking concerta. It boosted my attention span massively. Where before I could study for 45 min I could now study for 2 hours straight without a break. But as time moved on and my dose got higher I started getting side effects… I lost all appetite and as a result lost 7 kilograms. At this point I was underweight I could focus anymore, had constant headaches and lots of panic attacks. Fortunately we switched to stratera which works so much better for me and I have zero side effects.   Adhd meds do help, you just need to find the right ones for you.
I'm obsessed with these thumbnails.
You maked me feel curious to be normal person
I also have ADHD and I'm glad your making us more heard I have been called lazy and unambitious when I really wanna be the opposite I just can't bring myself to I am like almost everything in this vid and have went to an expert   RANT INCOMING  I get so enraged when ppl say they have ADHD and then when I ask them they say they haven't been to an expert ADHD more then others I have seen a lot of ppl fake/self diagnose themselves and it comes of as very disrespectful to ppl who actually struggle with it and some ppl see it as "quirky" or whatever to fake or have it when it's an actual struggle for a lot of ppl  Rant end (srry bout that)  anyways again thanks so much for this makes me and I'm sure a lot more ppl feel seen and heard :3
But the polish cow 🥺
Adderall makes me angy
You see, I had the complete opposite from you. My parents found out I had ADHD at a young age, so I lived my whole childhood and teenage hood under medication (Concerta and then Vyvanse) and never really slept at night or ate a lot, but I thought it was normal. As soon as I dropped the medication (at around 16 years old) I saw the world in a whole different way and never took medication again. It kind of let me know that medication is for focusing and no medication brings out the real me
Today my mom was playing music bc she was cleaning. Then, she started talking to me and said "hey, let's go shoping RIGHT NOW :D". Then, a friend called and she left to have breakfast with her, and then, when I was making my breakfast, I saw 2 unfinished eggs on the oven (I guess she was making her breakfast at the beginnig of the day). Now guess who has to clean the mess she left :')
I take concerta and in my experience it makes you less hyperactive and allows you to focus a little bit more but not so much that you’re not aware of anything else  Some side effects include (keep in mind that I am not a doctor so don’t take me seriously this is just my experience) 1. Increased heart rate 2. Loss of appetite  3. Loss of sleep
Can anyone tell me what the song at the beginning is?? I have the lil clip of it stuck in my head lol I need to upload the full song to my brain pls
Does the baby talk condition have a name?
why is the mic sound low without headphones??
For everyone thinking about which medication to get. I highly recommend Concerta. It helped me out a lot been on it for 6 years. Other medication didn’t work for me I had headaches and symptoms of depression while on other medications.
Me during this video scrolling through Pinterest for something to draw that I know I never will draw while simultaneously going back and forth on instagram while also cursing myself out for not being productive but literally doing nothing about it
ICS: talks about what ADHD is like. Me: *this is my life in a nutshell*
the brain scene with the serotonin sent me XD
Wait, if you can’t use nordVPN on your bootaiygh, whats in my bootaiygh right now?
most youtubers have ADHD like robert idk
JUSTICE FOR COMPY
My ADHD is so bad that I went back to the cow video 3mins into the video......7 times
I used Concerta for 14 years and switched over to bivance recently
1:22 AUGUST 12 2036 THE HEAT DEATH OF THE UNIVERSE AUGUST 12 2036 THE HEAT DEATH OF THE UNIVERSE AUGUST 12 2036 THE HEAT DEATH OF THE UNIVERSE-
3:55  is after nordvpn
#relatable
Dude this is so real, when I first got diagnosed it was basically just finding what worked right for me. Adderall worked great for me and I was both productive and focused but it was so hard to get where i live that i had to try a alternative. I tried Straterra or however you spell it and it had a really weird reaction. When the chemical was more in my system after taking my day's dose I went into this hyper relax airhead state and felt one of my senses be like hyper mode like one day i felt everything that was touching me in super detail and another was taste or smell. But overall it made my depression wayyyyyy worse so i had to stop that. I've been taking Methylfentidate now which has been working pretty good for the most part with most of the same benefits of addreall but also felt a bit more natural like if I were to have a moment where i relaxed adderall would like make me an airhead again but the new one just felt normal. Overall great video though and its interesting how different people react to this stuff while dealing with ADHD.
Adderal is not working for me anymore 😢
For some one who takes vivance it hits hard
hey I noticed that the sound volume of your videos is always much lower than that of other videos... maybe you could pump it up a little :) love your content, keep up the good work <3
Very relatable. I started with ritalin (which is like concerta), then Lisdexamphetamine (Elvanse) And am now trying bupronion ( anti-depressant which should also work with adhd). My migraines and anxiety worsened quite a lot and I felt like my heart was going 100mph like you said, but now I feel okay. I have been starting to block my day in 40 minutes regardless of what I am doing. I set a timer evert 40 minutes so at least I get reminded to think about what I am doing and if I want/need to continue. It is working so far.. but it's just the 3rd day of trying. It is exhausting sometimes haha
i went from adderall to vivance too
i have ADHD
Vyvanse brothers 10 mg
I was at work the other day and I had a similar scenario to the 8 trumpets at once but instead it was a fictional scenario about a customer who wouldn’t back up so that I could do the thing that they needed me to do and then bitched about how. I wasn’t doing the thing and then it was just me repeating the phrase “back up why won’t you back up please” for four hours. And I was medicated. In my experience my meds just make things manageable and if I wasn’t on my meds that repeating mental scenario would have had me on the ground frothing at the mouth. I would know because that has also happened before. The human brain is a complicated mess
1:10 Basically an It's Always Sunny episode lol
Fun fact: adderal is a weaker derivative of methamphetamine. Theyre both speed drugs
“Don’t forget to unsubscribe!” “Wait…”
honer the dansing cow
0:01 HE WILL NEVER KNOW
I'm medicated since I was a child. Like 2nd grade early. For me Lisdexamfetamindimesalt works. The name of the meds is Elvanse. But I can focus on my work and actually get shit done. But the side effects were rather severe in the beginning. Like head aches, strong loss of apatite, insomnia. But it gets better with time.
Are we not gonna talk about when he nailed the Computer it was the pipe noise 0:15
I need to know what the cow song is it’s been in my head and I need to listen to it
I’ve wanted to get diagnosed for a long time, only recently have I wondered about meds bc of stuff like forgetting I’m cooking and laying on my bed and 5-10 mins later remembering the pot on the stove. Scary
You don’t have adhd you are probably gay
I can't think of a straight line         Ⴆҽƈαυʂҽ 𝑰𝒕 𝒦𝑒𝑒𝓅𝓈 ₛₚᵢₙₙᵢₙ𝓰 𝐴𝑛𝑑 𝕎𝕚𝕘𝕘𝕝𝕚𝕟𝕘 ʟɨӄɛ 𝘼 ᥕ᥆rm      Wðw!
When I was doing Vyvanse a few years back, it didn't help, it made me lose a lot of weight in a small amount of time, then I stopped taking it after speaking with my mum, and then we told my doctor, and she asked if I wanted to try something else, and I spoke with my mum again and we agreed that I shouldn't, this year I started taking Ritalin, which also didn't work, it made me lose my appetite and I still couldn't do anything, so I'm off meds too :(
Forgetting people's names is a sign of adhd
Dude I always forget peoples names
I don’t know if I have autism or ADHD
Take guanfacine, Guanfacine is an ADHD medication that helps you focus enough to be able to do normal physical and mental tasks, AND you have an appetite using it! Meaning you eat normally AND you do everything like a normal person! Unlike SOME medications, like Concerta and such. Guanfacine makes you have low blood pressure and makes you sleepy, that is why you take it at night.
Yeah ADHD meds can be pretty tricky to find the right one for you. I was lucky enough to briefly work with a psychiatrist who had literally spent decades researching ADHD medications, trying to figure out if there is some sort of indication as to what medication might work best for a certain demographic or people with certain traits. And turns out, they have found NONE. All they have found is it is SUPER unique to each person as to what will work for them or not. You literally have to just try different kinds and at different dosages (working with a medical professional ofc!) until you find which one you feel works for you best. And yes, the process can be tedious and long. But it can also be VERY worth to find what actually helps you most!   For example, two people can react very differently to the SAME ADHD medication. Like for me, Adderall worked in the sense that I could FOCUS on a given task and get it done. But the problems with it for me were that I couldn’t really control WHAT that task was—it was just whatever was in front of me to do. It also made my anxiety works, gave me chest discomfort/feeling of palpitations, numbed my emotions, made me feel less myself. I was then switched to Concerta and Ritalin, and it has been AMAZING. I actually have control over WHERE my attention goes, my emotions feel more regulated, and if anything I feel more like myself. The things that I have so long wanted to do or things I just need to do, I have MUCH more of an ability to actually follow through with them now. It’s amazing.   Medication is not a cure, though. I still have challenges because ADHD is literally a difference in how the brain is structured and its neurotransmitter systems. But it is a VERY helpful tool for many people with ADHD, often in combination with other things like talk therapy, building habits, planners, calendars, etc. For me and many, medication makes it much more POSSIBLE to actually USE these other tools!   Best of luck to everyone out there on their own medication/treatment journeys. Don’t give up, you got this <3
Can you do more on Adhd?
tysm for thus video, ice cream sandwich. it'll really help along with the other video. hope you can make a couple more in the future
I wonder if meds bring you to a normal level of concentration or even further
I wanna see if I have ADHD I’m probably going to go to a doctor and get a diagnosis
one of my friends has ADHD and now she's my wife.
I do amazing on vyvanse but without health insurance that covers medicines, i can only afford adderall :’) the adderall feels HORRIBLE and i have the same experience with it as you did. For the vyvanse rabbit holes of research, I make sure to set an alarm for the time I need to break from something and refocus on something else.
Bro this is all so true I have ADD and my meds make me Crazy like in the good way ❤😂😂😂
adhd for me is goofy energy that never finds it's way into something productive, unless u take them meds that kinda points that energy into something Maybe productive (i spent 10 minutes trying to write this sentence)
As a person with ADHD, it took me a couple of different tries with certian medications to find one that worked with me. And it was not easy, I remember I would get very angry sideeffects on Adderall, it was horrible. I'm just glad I found that right one over time, and it works well for me now still. This video is relateable
Wait…
THANK YOU
the first time i saw my therapist she said she didnt think i had adhd, i was “too calm”..but also i was frozen in place because i was supposed to talk about my issues and i froze😭😭 now i still dont know what i have, im lazy and cant do things even though i do want to do them my body just WONT MOVE. im just like, lazy and cant help it but nobody believes me😭 idk what to do, ive taken online tests and they have all been “PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GO TO A PSYCHOLOGIST AND GET DIAGNOSED BY A PROFESSIONAL ” boooootttt i dont wanna bother my mom with therapy and psychology because she will fight with me in the car way home about how i did something wrong😭
justice for compy
I have hiperactivity i think is not the same thing than ADHD but is almost the same, and my doctor when i was younger told to my parents that i was going to need medication. I never taked and i think i not even needed it. But in my opinion living with it is FUN. Is my experience bc i learned how to deal with it :D  (I dont speak english let me know if i wrote something wrong ;-;)
what was the second med you talked about? like honestly these seem heavenly I cant think of a single time in my life where I've just, like, FOCUSED on one thing
i also have adhd and i have never related to anything other than this much
U know what that song mean????
Just as a heads up while aderal is affectively meth, Vivance is effectively cocaine and it has some really bad interactions with other medications such as lexipro... like heart attack bad. Honestly meds never worked for me but instead I learned to try and understand my condition an behavioral patters better and was abble to learn how to work with my ADHD rather than aggenst it and Ive made a lot of proggress.... still got smooth brain, but I use the smoth to my advantage now
i used to be on medication for ADHD but then i stopped taking it one time and then just never took it again
Hi 😮
The super sticky focus is precisely my experience with Vyvanse. Thankfully, I did not have many side effects that were totally debilitating (aside from complete lack of appetite for the first 1-2 months) but the sticky focus...... it's like having hands covered in syrup, everything you touch sticks... but it's focus. I think the important thing to remember is that meds don't mean you no longer have ADHD, they just alter how your focus works in a way that, in the right environment, would be more productive. Occupational Therapy, adjusting your work environment, social media timers on you phone etc. is absolutely critical with these things.  ALSO - on a side note, I have heard on numerous reports and forums that the formulation changed slightly and effected people differently.  I certainly had an impact off of this change, I went from being quite comfortable on 50mg to it practically putting me to sleep.
こんにちは
i would segest bifenton it helps me foces and it is a short time one so you can also feed like yourself
Taking meds has gotten an interesting experience for me. When I used to take meds for ADHD it would always work good in the beginning but would trickle down. And for most of them actually made me feel weak. For example not hungry when I haven’t eaten for a while, feeling nauseous, etc. eventually I took a med that I thought would do something but ended up not doing much but without the side effects. It made me realize I don’t need meds and unlike most people could still get work done, yet slower than others, but I could understand people and learn and when thrown with info I can take it in. Part of that I blame of being young and my neurons are still being made so I’m physically taking in information and keeping it in my mind. But I still see it as me being ok without trying to stop this ADHD.
I truly hope you're able to find something that works for you. Whether that be the right medication which lets you focus on what you're doing while also aiming that focus where it's needed or if you're able to find other methods of managing distractions, you deserve to live your life in a way that you don't feel like your own brain is working against you.
I was waiting for the cow to come back:(
I dont need medicals lol some times i feel weird
yeah  meds also didn't work for me.... either i was always tired or stopped eating or idk when i stopped i simply felt like i was being controlled by someone else
YOU HAVE TO POST MORE, I LOVE THE CONTENT.
Wait…… DO I HAVE ADHD?
0:01 WHATS WITH THE COW
one medication i tried was Datronix it was a patch you put it on early in the morning and it dosent like GLUE you to a thing to focus on but what i noticed was i stopped walking in a hyperactive daze....things started to make more sense and only reason i dont take it is because my skin started rejecting it
Now I want an hour long version of the dancing cow
i would recommend concerta
I take meds for my ADHD and I honestly feel that it does something but also nothing at the same time
I have autism and my brother has ADHD and we both pay like 250$ a year for our meds
Since there’s a vyvanse shortage and backorder we vyvanse users suffer 😭
Feel like I might have it but it ain't really impacted me in any way so I also think i don't, maybe it's mild?
I feel you
Not me over here always going back to 0:00
Try elvanse its a god one and dosent over focuses you but its mostly LSD so idk if its okay in American because i live in germany
that cow song is an extremally sad song of a guy losing everything
I take add or adhd medicine idk but when i take it its hard to sleep and i wake up at like 1-2 am
The parts where he is describing adhd is so relatable
I used to sell my vyvance to literal methheads who bought it all out the day I filled my script because "the high is better than the meth high"  So your friend is full of shit.
As a kid i was using Meds calld, medikinet methylphenidat, causing me to kinda focuse but always have no feeling of Hunger. I later decide on my Own to stopp using medication because i dont wanna be reling on Medication for the rest of my Life so i talk to my Doc and stopt (well i need to tell you here in germany i never needed to pay for the meds because of health Care).  So far its working really fine. yes sometimes i still got Scatterbrain but other than that i think i got my self in order.
Know it sounds crazy/silly but crochet or knitting helps, doing a repitive task that needs just right amount of attention & is easy to do. Drawing helps too it occupies the part that wants to be busy letting you be able to focus. LoL i’m up to 30 mg adderall, does help a lot but i’m also on it for chronic fatigue syndrome (thanks fibromyalgia).
That Vivance experience sounds just like Hyperfocus, an ADHD symptom so almost like nothing was gained?
I LOVE ADHD wait do i?
thanks to this man i realized i had asperger syndrome (basically autism, just less serious)
Speaking of ADHD, what's the name of that song on the laptop from the first few moments of the video? I cannot recall or find it.
I too have ADHD but everything you mentioned is the same with me (except for some reason my medicine called focalyn or something like that but it helps I guess. Everyone is different tho so you know…)
We look similar.
I just went to the hospital yesterday because of withdrawal from my medication (my pharmacy had a communication issue with my doctor) and Lemme tell you withdrawal is no bueno
In case anyone else struggles with being eventually worn out by adhd meds: talk to your doc about taking regular breaks. They leave your system quickly and for most ppl withdrawal is mostly tireness/fatigue - but this makes it possible to sleep, rest and recharge. Personally I need about 1 med free day a week, and it might be something to try before throwing the idea of meds completely out the window
You should consider taking consrta. I take it and it helst me with both physical tasks and my focus. The side effects are lost of appetite and anxiety
d r u g
Im literally doing something and saw this video and forgot wtf i was doing earlier now im sitting here wondering WTF I WAS DOING EARLIER
3:56 to skip sponsor
im on concerta ER 100mg
As an autist I 100% relate
As a member of the adhd society, I did take meds against the exact symptoms that you described. This sadly gave some bad side effects like insomnia, having an overall bad mood and completely losing the urge to eat.
Id still consume multiple pieces of media at once to keep the bad thoughts away...
my first adhd meds that I took, like uh it's hard to explain but it quite literally made me not want to eat, I lost like 5 pounds unhealthily fast. it got to the point to where I ruined my mom's birthday because of how sick i got because of the meds. i still feel sorry- bc she wanted to go to the waterpark and i was the only person who wanted to go with her- (after that i stopped the meds which didn't hurt, I'm now on a healthy weight and maintaining it so yay)
This video reminds me of my arthritis meds that make me vomit but great video:)
Why was I focusing more on the cow thingy too-
You choose the perfect meme, the song in the "Polish cow" is also about drugs🤭 but those bad drugs
literally just earlier I was doing a survey and read the question like 10 times and was like. whats it say again? before skipping over it and it made this video 100% more relatable
I took Adderall for like 5 years during elementary school and it was great when I grew up in middle school I kind of grew out of ADHD and yes it still affects me daily but i'm less hyperactive. I struggled through high school because I had no focus and would always ask my parents for meds but they never wanted to buy them and my mom was paranoid with the symptoms. I got lost in the middle of writing this. I don't know why I gave my life story.
I have adhd and it’s funni
I was taking the wrong meds for about 7 years until I just quit. They made me feel like a zombie and I kept getting used to them and upping the dose. By the time I quit I was taking 35 grams of something and was suffering from extreme anxiety and due to the high dose I ended up developing a tic disorder that I wouldn’t have had otherwise. I took a much much lower dose for a while after my doc told me that the meds could cause the tics and I eventually just quit. Only thing I regret is the fact that “feeling like a zombie” on adhd meds is a sign that you need to a) lower the dose or b) change meds and when I was a child I had to deal with that everyday. I took me one google search to find this out so I know both my doc and parents didn’t care enough to see if something was wrong. My meds helped me go from Ds to Bs and As but I could have been doing so much better mentally. Always google your and your childrens meds, understand all the symptoms and know what shouldn’t be a symptom. Listen to yourself and you body and listen to you kids. Don’t tell them “they’re not themselves” when they’re not on their meds especially if they complain about them. It’s crushing to hear that the you that makes you feel horrible is the you everyone loves.
Also if you feel out of breath just eat food
Ask your doc about ritalin
I had a 3rd grade teacher. I have ADHD and she did nothing to fix that so it was mostly her fualt when i didn't pay attention and she did nothing about it but still scold me to pay attension, She was a bad teacher
“Icescreamsandwich we need to cook”
Ive been on Vyvanse for almost a decade, personally it works wonders for me, so i hope you find a med that works for you!
1:07 same
Not sure if its because I've been doing this for years and gotten used to it but I've noticed that I tend to focus best when listening to music and working on art as it was a way to keep my mind focused...however, there is a slight drawback that got me thinking that I've been doing this for years and developed a habit: I have severe trouble focusing on tasks if my mind is not occupied by audio (music, podcast, etc.). Thankfully its not bad at retail job since I have an understanding boss that allow us to play music as long as its appropriate and low volume like my ADHD relief music; but sadly when I'm unable to play my music because of the higher ups or some other reasons, its like dealing with a toddler that is my brain...it wants something and when it cant have it, it throws a temper tantrum which mess up my focus and make me very fidgety and restless...I'm a mess LOL
Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu pięć gram
I HAVE ADHD! THIS IS LITTERLY ME!
F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-FOCUS 4:24
𝚍𝚛𝚞𝚐.
I had very similar effects with Vyvanse. I stopped it cold turkey, which made me feel like crap for about a week, but pretty soon I felt better. I have just succumbed to never being focused ever again lol
Meds work fine for me but I understand they aren’t for everyone
My doctor put me on Vyvanse when I was around 13. I had been on something else from like age 6 and it was no longer working. I stopped growing the whole time I was on Vyvanse and once I was taken off it (health insurance problems or something) at about 17 I grew all at once over the next few months😅
The first thing I said was that I was going home lol 😂
i dont even think i have adhd, but i need that
tbh i see so many people say they have adhd or they’re depressed or they have some sort of mental illness when they dont and it pisses me off that there are people who say “oh i have adhd” as an excuse to not do something when a lot of people are struggling with simple tasks like reading a book because (im sure some of you can relate) i will read the same line like 4-5 times then pause to think and start the entire page over again and seeing this video actually makes me FEEL like im not alone i started taking the meds around mayish june and it helped a lot with my focusing problems
Don't feel discouraged by 2 different medication not working it took me like 2 years and 8 medications to figure out what worked
As an mathematician i can comfirm that 2 + 2 = 2
as a cat with adhd, the inattentive type, i do explode.
dont forget to unsubscribe...  wai-
Hmm I have all of these symptoms
Big words🫣
I have adhd and odd
So basically, the pills give you super powers, that's what those sound like to me.
Meth I think
I used to take concerta but now I take ritalen
Just to let people know (as someone who took Vyvanse for most of their school life) those symptoms are very common. This is because Vyvanse is an appetite suppressor, and a stimulant. It makes you run on more material while also making you have less material.   Ex: a microwave needs more electricity than your old one and a power line went out.  I do agree with him though for getting off of the meds, but yes, unless you are actually getting physically sick from being on them, stay on the meds until you are told to go off.
The whole thoughts overlapping, specifically with reading and math is so fucking real.
ADHD, where do I even begin. I was put on countless different meds almost all of them having a bad effect or just made me feel meh (which I don't like). Oh also important thing to mention I was diagnosed as a toddler. ADHD is weird.
ADHD is a blessing yet a curse at the same time
I have adhd  and I used to take med and it took all my emotions
Sounds like your dosage was off. Dose is suuuuper important. U want th sweetspot with optimal effect but minimum sideeffects. Trail and error. In my experience concerta is best. Very smooth no sideeffects for me a 36 mg in the morning and 18 mg at noon. And. I am productive like i wanna be. Just my 2 cents
I don’t have ADHD but I do have autism  And apparently there are some similarities between autism and ADHD but I’ll just talk about that some other time
Wait! Unsubscribe!? Cut! Take 13,652!
For my ADHD medication I use  Adderall
I have ADHD and I sometimes forget people’s names
um adam 4:12
I have ADHD and no medicine for it, so I can agree with this video
Yeah. At this point in my life, I have learned how to manage my ADHD without meds... kind of. The symptom I struggle the most with is time blindness. Calendars and alarms are not doing it for me. They do help, but not really enough to exist in this society.
Ya know I think I have ADHD lol
it was vyvans for me, been taking it for as long as i can remember
Hii there. I think it is really cool and great from you to talk openly about this topic. A lot of people are really scared of meds and to talk about adhd in general. I also have ADHD and i was diagnosed when i was in first grade. i took meds from a young age already and i have expierience with different types of meds. from my personal experience: i startet with Ritalin and it worked for a while but my body started to feel weird when i was a teenager. then i changed to Elvanse and i'm still taking it until this day (I'm 22 now). Elvanse starts slowly and leaves slowly, so you don't really feel a hit. and a really good tip from my side: only take the meds on the days you need them, so on weekends or holidays you can easily skip them, so your body can do it's normal stuff again. If you have any questions otherwise, just let me know. i studied a lot about ADHD and also did a looooot of research. hope this could help you or others :)
theres a drug that does help you focuse but not super focus i forget what its called cause its a long wierd name but i've tooken it and it doesn't put you too focused depending on the amount of grams. but that drug has now been out of stock recently and im forced to take aderall which me not hungry and when i try to eat if doesnt want me to swallow and i have to drink water while eating
MMJ has really helped me. I started taking it for pain but I found it works better than Adderall.
maybe talk to your doctor about guanfacine.
This was very validating. Many of us with ADHD are searching for normalcy and I think we try and force it with meds. Thank you for your story ♥️ I had to stop Vyvanse recently and it wasn’t until this video that I started being nicer to myself for not taking them.
The cow is singing about cocaine
I’m on the max amount of vyvanse they can give me and still am barely to the state he was in without meds
So apparently it’s good to take more then one type of adhd med
you got ghosts in your blood and you should do cocaine about it
0:15 is called dancing cow meme
omg... sometimes when doing math my brain just WONT think about math (like i can think about a million things EXCEPT math) and i cant get it to start thinking about math and it gets SUPER annoying.
A lot of adhd med help a lot with executive dysfunction or focus but rarely both at the same time, it's such a tricky thing to sus out. They're usually stimulants, so trying tea or coffee might help with racing thoughts might work? cause caffeine in normal/manageable doses can made adhd folks sleepy, so drinking it when you want to focus more might be a short term thing to try? I found caffeine slowed down my mind but sped up my heart, so while my mind is sleepy my body is not.
Yeah for me, both Adderall and Vyvanse make me crash after they wear off, so I rest for a while, and then when the crash wears off and I have energy again, I end up having too much energy for too long and I can't sleep! It's been very annoying. Looking for a medication that doesn't mess with my sleep cycle
Constantly feeling out of breath when you know you aren't is one sympon of generalized anxiety. Ask me how I know 🙃
Adderall is meth like ethanol is Grey Goose. Both are ethyl alcohol, but that doesn’t mean you can just drink E-85 gasoline. It’s a bad take.
as someone with autism who basically can focus on literfallty anything and listen and not be disracted at all, it looks like your adhd is the complte opposite of my autism but still very fun and educational video!
SO TRUE from someone who is medicated with adhd
i heavily relate to this. im moving house in a month and havent even started packing, im litterly sitting here playing a game while listening to this in the background, since i cant watch anything without occupying my brain with something else, i might need to call my psychiatrist and talk to him about getting medicated for it so i can hopefully function as a normal person, i kinda want to know what its like to have a clear decisive thought
I've done my researches ans cafeine théine and L tyrosine seem to be a good combination. I'm trying it tomorrow. If anybody is interested by my comment I will come back to say how it worked on me.
I have adhd and im takin pilles so ma brain can focus in class but still i  think of my adhd like it meant to be  exsist for me to make me the dummiest person in 8th class
I have like... several health issues. Adhd. High functioning autism(likely, undiagnosed because we live around idiots). Narcolepsy that prevents me from sleeping good, or at all. And yet, with all these problems, I have like a very powerful immune system. I wind up losing complete effectiveness of any pills I take. Any of them. Life is pain. :(
Medication is so hard to get right, it's so frustrating.
I have ADHD some pills don’t work
True
idk why the almost dropping his phone bit at the end was so hilarious to me but i literally replayed it like five times
I’m taking Concerta, and I have the same problem with focusing. The meds help a lot
i take medikinet or methylfinidat and it ake 40 mg a day and it helpss so much and its free thanks to germany :)))
i have ADHD , REALLY BAD well for me good , ive had 5 yrs of ergo therapie and 7 sry of medication but boyyy does that damn ADHD shit make me smaarrrrrttttttt , but yea sitting still for 5 minutes is like satan itself
Polish cow 0:07
Vivance is still an amphetamine btw still like “meth” but it isn’t meth
I dunno why, probably my ADHD, but I got needlessly excited when you mentioned the medication I used, Concerta
mine just makes me tired and does nothing
I have ADHD to and I feel the same way
ur so funny
For me Adderall also made me feel like I had to force feed myself when eating also I had to rewind the video after drifting off at least 4 times
One of my signs that I have it is that I say words then repeat them under my breath for no reason
0:00 polish cow dance
I can't sleep
I’m on Ritalin and I’d say it works pretty good! It helps me focus and concentrate on work. But the down sides is it makes me feel not hungry when I usually would be which was a problem as I don’t eat enough  now but I took a break from it so yeah.
"drug"
Hey Andy! Something that has REALLY helped mellow me out has been Ashwagandha veggie capsules. I usually take them for my high stress job or at night when my mind wont shut up. They are all natural with no side effects but it REALLY helps! It's like a light switch on your brain and after it kicks in you can actually CHOOSE what to focus on. I use the youtheory brand. I'm no doctor but I think you should give them a go since its all natural.
The jump from math to “what am I doing with my life anyway” was too real
Yea Fr plz…. It’s takes me so long to do things that require thought
At 1:20 when everyone was talking for me one of the thoughts would be, repetitively saying 2 until the meaning was lost and then wondering why the meaning goes away then randomly switching thoughts again,
Okay so I know that basically no one is gonna see this but it's fine. So I'm 14 and I have adhd and prescribed medication for it. To help me focus I take methylphenidate in the day and at night I take clonidine. The night medicine works fine and the day medicine worked for a while, but it always made me feel weird. Like 2-3 years ago my family started to notice that I act differently when I'm on the medication and that's when I realized that the medication would give me really bad anxiety. The problem is, I needed the medicine to focus but when I'm on the medicine I start worrying about everything, but at the same time it makes me feel happier kinda? When i told my doctor/ the person who prescribes my medication, he asked if it effected my everyday life and when I said yes, he straight up told me "No it doesn't because if it is then you would have noticed it before" . So I stopped taking that medicine after 8th grade year and went all of 9th grade without it.  Surprise surprise,  I couldn't focus on my schoolwork and procrastinated everything and failed. So yeah. Sorry for this kinda vent I'm on it right now and I felt like I needed to get it off my chest lol.
00:00 bruh
Hey i was just getting into that cow video
Y e s
This is exactly what ADHD is.  It's this.  It's exactly this.  I'm not talking -- anything about the medication piece.  I don't know, never tried.  But everything else about this is exactly what ADHD is all of the time forever and ever and ever.
Atleast ADHD is something that gets you laser focused on things you are actually interested. mine is Mechanic in the automotive industry
Why did you say conserta differently? I took it for over 10 years 💀?? Please upvote this guys for an answer
I have adhd too
ADHD at least to me is like whenever you’re trying to defeat the final boss in a video game but you’re not actually defeating the boss and you just feel like you are
“ thanks for watching and unsubscribe. “ “ *wait. what?* “ *I think you gotta go on your meds again💀*
2:52 i also have adhd, take the same meds. Yet its kind of annoying. It starts fine, but it randomly goes away and im just like “y a y c o o l m u s i k m e g o s p i n“
I’m trying a new adhd med name buPROpion, it’s recent and still needing to get into my system
oh- i have all the symptoms you do-
Eh it’s pretty easy to fight ADHD urges you just have to set goals and finish them and when you catch yourself wondering just slap yourself back to work. ADHD medication turns us into completely different versions of ourselves and I absolutely hate it. The world is just boring without ADHD
So ur telling me that when I'm out of breath end it strange it's because I take Vyvanse?
I likehow you manage to make sponsorships fun to watch, while other youtubers just make them boring and I skip through them
I start on my ADHD medication tomorrow, which led me to rewatch this video. But for the moment, can someone please link me the video of the dancing, singing cow? I need it.
polish cow in the beginning💀
The worst part of ADHD is you gotta deal with half the problems yourself. Why do I gotta do it if its not my fault it happened? Feels unfair.  Obviously im not being serious about "Why do I gotta do it" and im just complaining, but the feeling is there.
as requested i unsubbed. (jk i love ur vids)
Me trying to focus: icecreamsandwich needs to post more. I wish William Afton was real. I wish Onceler was real. I wanna watch fnaf vids. Where is my water? **eyes blink: pwst pwst pwst** I wonder where Afton tn is...i wonder is a William Afton lives there...
I have ADHD and wasnt prescribed meds bc Im doing pretty well in school, so my psychiatrist was like: eeeehhh u dont meds, ur good. What she didnt take into account is that Im actually gifted but working twice as hard as other people to achieve average grades bc of my ADHD. So until now I have never had trouble with school but i do all my homework, assignments and studying on the 45min bus ride to school, but with progressing further and nearing my graduation, it doesnt work for me anymore bc I just dont have enough time. SO recently I tried Ritalin given top me by a friend and I felt so great! IT WAS THE BEST THING EVER! I felt so at peace, no running thoughts, no talking way too fast for anyone to understand, no trouble completing tasks. Needless to say I have an appointment witzh my psychiatrist to get Ritalin prescribed next week. Wish me luck!
♥️ ♥️
tried vivance as a kid and yeah i could focus, but i stopped eating and my hands felt weak. Which is why I associated adhd meds = bad
My experience with adderal was completely different... but that's because they started me at a higher dose. I got hit with a sudden influx of energy and... cleaned the whole house while organizing my desk zen garden while chatting with a therapist while jumping onto an exercise bike... all with in three hours...  It was great :D  The feeling of procrastination is still there but it gives me the energy to ignore it. It's just the anxiety meds which are causing problems now because they stop working after a month or two...
ADHD is also controllable to some extent but I'm the hyper active type so I don't know if it's different for the inattentive type
The ADHD med I took through my high school years was Methylphenidate. It was great, the only side effect was drowsiness, but not like "I want/need to sleep" drowsy, but just that if I wasn't focused on a task, I yawned. A lot. Otherwise, it worked out great at helping my focus in school! :D Thanks for another awesome vid!
Same dude, i used to take concerta , buti took a long break because i was worn out with two pills perday
Vyvanse is Lisdexamphetamine, it's just Dextro isomer Amphetamine with a lysine molecule added to it. The lysine molecule has to be cleaved off by your liver on its first pass through your metabolism. Releasing Dextroamphetamine which is one of the primary ingredients in Adderall. The dextro isomer is responsible for cognitive effects (euphoria, concentration), the levo isomer is more physical effects (racing heart, vasoconstriction/the shitty effects) Vyvanse is just basically fancier purer meth. Adderall has that levo isomer Amphetamine left in to make it less abuseable as taking too much makes you miserable. Amphetamine by weight is about 1/3rd as potent as methamphetamine. All stimulants really do is release norepinephrine which triggers release of adrenaline, which causes a temporary (during the duration of the drugs action) fight or flight response, and they release fuck tons of dopamine, which makes you think everything you're doing is great and that makes you want to continue with even the most mundane tasks. It also creates an illusory sense that whatever you're doing is absolutely great due to the dopamine high, when it typically is somewhere between garbage and what you were capable of before taking stimulants.
You should try Brillia… I just started it. It’s helping me concentrate better and seems to be quelling my an anxiety…
ability
my phsytoligst someone will porabblly figure out what is said bc i dont care wheat im saying rn but she said i was stubborn and counted with my toes >:(
dont want to get slimmer. neither in body nor in mind
I am going to get a diagnosis hopefully sometime in the next 6-8 months but I’m worried about if I’ll have to start on meds, I really don’t want to have to depend on them for my life - thought I bet it really will help me.
i love how im watching this while i should be working
polish cow.
I was diagnosed pretty early as a kid, like grade school 7th grade. I was first put on Ritalin, and it was so many pills every day, multiple times a day with different amounts each time. So I eventually moved to Concerta. It worked and I only had to use 1 pill per day, as opposed to Ritalin of 4-5 pills per day.   For my results, it was good, mostly. I really had to listen though, and I could really tell when the medication was wearing off, so I had to get stuff done before it ended. Sometimes I would take a Ritalin before late homework, but that was a mistake. There is no sleeping with these meds.   Also this is something that they won’t tell you, but most of the time behavioral symptoms of ADHD will still persist. If you were still forgetting people’s names or tasks, you’re still likely to do it again, just slightly less often.   I eventually weaned off of it in college when I found that my stress was shooting through the cracks, and the meds did not help me think through my problems. I didn’t study, I didn’t adjust, I could only stress out and become paralyzed. Once I went off my meds, it actually got better. Without my meds, I stopped stressing myself out about my grades or anxiety. It sounds weird, but it was my stress that was causing me to be paralyzed and unable to work through my problems like homework or studying. You wouldn’t believe how useful it is to not focus on your stress.   After that, I adjusted to living without my medication. It brought out a lot of my social issues, like speaking with no filter. I’ve had to build that filter manually from scratch. (Which is also why I don’t like getting high, my filter goes away and I hate that feeling). But I am a functioning adult with 2 dogs, a house, and a full job as an engineer. I haven’t been on medication for about 10 years now, and I wouldn’t go back.
Polish cow goated (yes I know the entire song)
i cant hear u wat ur problem??
Funny how Desoxyn is literally brand name Methamphetamine.
I struggled with making good habits around my ADHD meds as well. A couple things that really helped my meds to be more effective for my particular situation were: 1. taking my meds earlier in the morning. I was previously taking them around 9:00 AM, but then switched to taking them at 7:00 AM (when I woke up), and found that their efficacy drastically improved. This is probably because in general I'm a morning person, and so taking the meds in the morning helped me get the most work done. 2. worked on my habits with a therapist. I was already going to a therapist, and one of my goals was to improve time management and get better at tackling difficult tasks. This is generally not a habit that can be formed instantaneously, but rather takes practice and discipline, two qualities I had a lot of anxiety around. Working on that anxiety and building new habits around how I approach the problems of practice and discipline really helped the med to do its work.
Take Elvanse, that stuff kicks :)
Wait I just realized that he used the dancing polish cow in the video because the song is about drugs
ima be real with you?   everything you've described about focus?   my life is in shamble without my med.
0:00 oh my favorite music Eck Gobernia gobernuaaaa ckockso guies gräm trajinefratufrensla
Thank you for reminding me to get pizza
Gosh dang holy frick you are hilarious and this is an amazing way to articulate your experiences.  Subscribeduh.
i have one idea about to boost your focus is to do meditations and focus on your breath
I am a female with unusual adhd symptoms trying to get diagnosed in a small eastern european country. An impposible task. (Its harder to detect adhd in women bc the tests were all done on men and women usually dont show the hyperactiveness which is a symptom the most easiest to notice thats why women with adhd either get misdiagnosed or find out only later in life)
yes please do NOT just stop taking your meds, a good possibility it will hurt you bad
Concerta worked for me at least. Im from australia so I dont have to pay full price for it anyway. ;)
Bruh i litteraly forget the video and watched polish cow too :d
I take vyvanse and i have a love hate relationship with it, i focuse, but i hyper focus, so when im anxious i hyper focus on it, plus it makes my depression worse
i take vivance and have had mixed feelngs. mine caused my eating disorder back in middle school and i just wasnt myself anymore because i was SO FOCUSED
wait
Try ritalin 20-30
You tried it and it didn’t work. That’s okay. Not every disorder can be handled with medicine. I can understand your desire to focus and be able to complete tasks so maybe you need more concrete forms of organization and mental training towards focus that could help more. Love your vids btw!
bro played a song about drugs before talking about them
Haven't taken Concerta since mid school and been a blast being a functioning adult without the drug.
Being out of breath goes away after a couple of weeks
Ask about stratera, its natural and supposed to be for kids, it takes about a month or two but it will increase your natural focus
My best friend has ADHD
Try Hierba Mate, is a tea from Argentina, it help to focus, it worked for me.
is it just me or this video is REALLLLLY quiet compared to other videos?
awesome explanation of adhd ❤
just to add to the meth thing, actually adderall has amphetamine as its active substance. amph is much much weaker than methamphetamine. vyvanse is lisdexamphetamine which is an artificially made prodrug that has no effect at all, that is until metabolized and converted to d-amphetamine which is active. essentially vyvanse and adderall have the same active substance, the difference lies in the need to metabolize vyvanse before it is active, this makes it take longer to kick in and prolongs the effect.
how did u eat lol i had some in the time i had the weridest feeling i was really tired plus wasn't eating so HOW
I just want to watch the part with the cow dancing over and over again, lol 😂 1:04
Polish cow !   🇵🇱🐮 ❕
As a Person with ASD Stage 2 Autism, I can relate to this video as Autism is a cousin to ADHD.
"+Birdhouse Knowledge"  Literally happened to me 4 days ago.
In my experience with Adderall, it did opposite of what you said. I started out with Riddilin (might be spelling that wrong) to help me focus on my school work since my grades were subpar at the best, but it caused MAJOR side effects with how my brain processed emotions and made me depressed. We moved to another medication that for some reason doesn’t exist anymore, and it did…something. It didn’t do good or bad it just, mad me realize, “oh yeah, I’m a thing that exists in this world, but why though?” After fiddling with that, I finally moved to Adderall and it finally worked. Mind you, this process took three and a half years to finally complete. I now take a generic form of Adderall known as Amphetamine. Every time we feel like the effect of the medication wears off we just up the dosage. I also started out with 5 milligrams every morning, and now I take 15 in the morning and a booster of 10 at noon. It helps me focus on getting tasks done, including things like schoolwork, although it has to be intriguing to work it’s best. I’m glad I found the video. It’s interesting to see how other people like me handle situations like this.
Adderall made me sleepy
Vyvanse gives me just calm, sorry it didn't work for you.
The opening part is literally my friend in a nutshell. He comes to my house and watches TikTok and then doesn’t respond to me until I’m yelling. That’s it.
I use an ETNS device from a clinical trial.
i still admire that you manage to finish editing the video despite having ADHD
I'm about to start taking Vyvanse..... Good luck to me and hope it isn't too expensive because they don't have generics yet
I struggle with very similar problems with adhd.  I have been diagnosed for my whole life and have tried a lot of meds.  The one that works for me is focalin.  It's  similar to vyvanse but at least with me, I am able to direct my attention to what I want.
I really need to test myself for adhd....that whole lets do thing A and get nowhere on task E hits diffrent...
Many doctors feel all the increased required childhood vaccines are to blame. See the new video with RFK Jr on Joe Rogan.  1. Healthy baby is born 2. Mom takes him to doctor 3. Doctor gives him vaccines 4. Child develops ear infections and other issues 5. Doctor prescribes antibiotics and Tylenol 6. Child continues to develop infections and illness 7. Doctor prescribes more antibiotics and Tylenol 8. Child develops food allergies and eczema 9. Doctor gives him more vaccines 10. Child develops asthma and ADHD 11. Doctor prescribes steroids and Ritalin 12. Mom thanks doctor for helping her child
I love my Vyvanse
It a f nightmare...
I have ADHD and I just use Ritalin
I don't remember what adhd meds I was on as a kid, but I would constantly fall asleep in class while taking them.
I bought the same bike and it just today! I couldnt wait
Bro I have ADHD and use RIDELEN
I'm watching this at 2am after I lost a day to these issues with half an assignment done... Relate... So... Much
As someone who's had adhd ever since I've had adhd, I learned that the best way to get something done is simply get interested and curious about it, like trying new things just for the hell of it or changing your view on how the order of tasks should be done like longest to shortest
I have ADD which is basically just the ability to NOT focus. And I’m currently taking meds called Amoxitein or smth like that, and my side affects are throwing them up after taking them 😢(Not all the time) And man, it sucks-
Dude, I'm very high right now, and your videos look a lot more realistic than normal, I might be falling in love with you.
what is the video at the start
I use concerta ever since i was really young, only recently started using Elvanse (i think that's the name) because concerta just wasn't doing the effects i wanted anymore, Elvanse seems to be working for me though
Vyvance gave me a bunch of ticks and now people won’t stop asking if I have Tourette’s😭😭😭
I can’t focus. I do something and I forget about EVERY OTHER TASK I NEED TO DO!! Then I get distracted about what I mainly want to do. It’s so annoying
I take adderall for my adhd, but I forget it sometimes. After I started taking it, I also started having depressive episodes. Talked to my psych, and come to find out adderall is also an antidepressant, and my depressive episodes ✨coincidentally✨ coincided with the days I was forget to take my meds. So yah, set reminders and alarms to take your meds. Medisafe is an app that's great for that cause you can share it with friends and family and you can ~~bully~~ gently remind one another to take your meds. Also please do not take your adderall with coffee. That's like 6 cups of coffee at once, even if you're only having one cup. At least space them out by an hour.
Yo, you people are writing smart comments about ADHD experience and all my braincells literally died in the first 10 seconds of this video after hearing some polish.
I can literally be in the middle of saying something, and completely stop because my brain hits a damn pot hole and I forget and then go do something else and my mom is just like 'the adhd kicked in' and then I come back an hour later to tell her what i was gonna say
Drugs don’t come cheap anywhere. It’s just in other countries they hide that cost in taxes which makes the cost tend to be higher due to inefficiency.
I always had a suspicion…. /pos
Guess we got to unsubscribe 7:50
my brain right now: HAY RGNQFSHNFHMARHKAFHSMRHJAYRAJAMOGOSRY
I have adhd  and my med are from Walgreens
I wonder how common non-stimulant ADHD meds are in the US. I was diagnosed in Romania and was told that it's the usual procedure to start with non stimulants (Adderall and Vyvanse being stimulants, the active substance in my meds is called atomoxetine). This turned out to be perfect, it allows me to just DO stuff when i want to, but also to stay focused without having to constantly come back to my initial thought. As a medicine student, the lack of organization and the inability to study (ADHD paralysis) triggered intense anxiety and suicidal thoughts. I'm now going through my first exam session with meds and it has singlehandedly saved my life, and sanity. I do wonder how different it would have been with stimulant medication though
I subscribed to nordVPN now please give me my family back
Well I got Ritalin but, I didn´t felt that I am, me. I tried all kinds of diets, wich didn´t worked either, instead I just tried to take a neutral view of myself, and when ever I saw me doing something I should/could do later I tried to interfere it. It needs a lot of self-awarness, but in combination with faith, I got rid of mostly the bad symptoms. Today I can say I´m not a dreamer, I´m a visionary.
Exactly like me
You have a terrible psychiatrist. Moral of the story, Get a doctor that specializes in ADHD.
OMG right when u said "remember to unsubscribe!.....wait" an ad pops up and I start dying laughing
Guess who had to stop meds and now suffers in college classes because of unrelated heart problems
wow, i never realized it but thats exactly what those meds do to me.  100%   fortunately, i work construction so it just makes me keep a job rather than get distracted making dieuck jokes all day.
i can relate to only being able to do a physical "thing", but not focus mentally. like, yes, you're getting things done and actually finishing tasks, but sometimes it's still not what you need to be doing! and turns out to be a distraction.
You explained Adderall and I thought imitately about my Vyvanse having a similar and yet opposite effect on me. I was able to focus on abstract, though, and began an obsession with politics. Weird. My focus was great, but then all my artistic motivation began moving slowly as a snail. And I started being unable to physically do anything that could take more than an hour to do. My new ability to comprehend time became an enemy. And ya, I am struggling with the feeling of not getting a full amount of air in my lungs.
skip to 3:54 to the end of the sponsorship if you have had enough of corporate propaganda.
10/10
How about this: I have an assigned task. It is repetitive, and takes little thought. But I have to watch for anomalies, and be OPEN to interruption by others. I am only half as fast at this task as others, though I feel like I am working full bore, and co-workers and vendors often comment on hard working I am. And I often don't notice those who need my assistance. I currently take Focalin, and it's no  more effective than the Ritalin was. Do I have Attention Deficit? I feel more like I am unable to shift focus when needed, and that I have no internal clock. What the hell is going on?
fun fact the dancing polish cow at the begining is a song about doing and being on meth!
Don’t take advice from strangers but I took Ritalin as wittle child and it helped very berry much, and I’m “ok” now
you can just learn to make adhd your strength instead of your weakness
I love these videos. I really wish society wasn't so focused on "fit into a box we determined is right for you". Can you imagine the incredible things we could create is all those random thoughts and "creations" could be imagined and someone else would lead the project????  We would already have a human base on Pluto.
4:29 - 4:47 "You're effectively taking meth"  Adderall is amphetamine salts  Vyvanse is ... dextroamphetamine  Both are amphetamines, lmao. Both are basically ""diet meth"". Also thankfully - truth be told - they both aren't even comparable to meth in terms of potency and risk of addiction.   A bit of misinformation there by overgeneralizing, but it is a common misunderstanding with all of the typical confusing drug names for the sake of branding. x.x
NO POLISH COW😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😢😢😭😢😢😥😢😢😭😢😥😥😢😢😢😥😢😢😢😭😭😭😭😭😭
the cow song in the beginning of the video is a song about a polish person who wanted to kill himself
The beginning of the video made me switch to the cow dancing video so I could see the rest of it. I came back after finishing.
Aduvanz 50mg works for me :>
Having a lot of tasks and making a loop if unfinished tasks it's a symptom of ADHD? Maybe I have ADHD.
Tylko yetno glowie man cocsu Ben gram odle de tsam
Just focus  Lmao
So, for me, it makes me be able to do things that I need to get done, but add coffee into the equation and I turn into a machine basically, which means I can either be normal or be efficient.   ADHD makes no sense 😕
I to have ADHD((((((((
My little brothers have adhd and they take vyvanse.The way you described it is basically their day to day life (just not the out of breath thing).Thanks for describing it so easily for me and other people without adhd to understand!🤪
that cow video triggered my autism that i needed to find the original and now it's stuck in my head AND is now to song I occupies my idle thoughts
Where is snacks
My brain is made of exactly 287 uncoordinated goblins and a single hobgoblin
I really think I have adhd and have had severe symptoms my whole life now my whole family and people around me are pretty sure I have it but we cannot afford to take a test so I am still clueless.
Just wanna say that starting this video with the cow video ruined the rest of the video for me because I immediately started searching for the original video and song and went down a whole rabbit hole of polish cow 🥲 other than that, fantastic video 😂
My doctor doesn't recommend taking meds well mainly because of my age
man u explained everything I wanted to explain to someone very clearly and coherently, I was Diagnosed at a young age for ADHD and had a hard time trying to get my thoughts out about it in order to get some help for medication, also I didn't know their was a lot of alternative to ADHD meds, i think i will be have conversation with my doc soon and thank you.
Try respiridon
2:22 this is so relatable, but i dont have adhd lmao
I think I have adhd
Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu 5 gram
pills don’t teach skillz
4:45 i feel like you should've worded that segment a bit better since this could very easily get misinterpreted or taken out of context, even if it was meant to be light-hearted.
I have ADHD
The only thing in my mind is five grams of cockaine fly away to the edge of oblivion
Don’t have ADHD bc I have it and if u have the combination type then u probly got a 5/100 on every test like me
I take Vyvanse
😂 I can definitely relate I take vyvanse
I took ridalin for a while but then i started getting rlly shaky then concerta and I lost my diet and lost a lot of weight so… yeah it’s different for everyone I guess
SO.MUXH CREATIVITY ITS INSAAAAAAN!!!! F AMAZING 🤩 THIS WORK OF ART KEPT ME ''''FOCUSED'''' AND LAUGHING FOR THE ENTIRE DURATION OF THE VIDEO! YOU'VE GOT SOME SERIOUS TALLENT!! 😊❤
🤯🤯🤯😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. MAN THIS VID IS DOOOOOOP !! I LOVE IT!! AND SO TRUE ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
No wonder you're so relatable to me (I also got ADHD)
How i  you feel when I’m thinking the video 1:49
HOW DARE YOU SHUT DOWN POLISH COW
I’ve got a weird relationship with meds for my mental health idk it’s just been a strange (kinda annoying journey) but I vividly remember when I used to take Vivance for my ADHD, (for minor context I got diagnosed real early in my life and had been taking it since like 1st grade about, maybe earlier) I was for the most part focused on what I need to do when I needed to do it but as time went on I never really ate all that much I took it on school days not the weekend so I’d eat then but never during lunch usually it was weird, I took Adderall too for a bit and it did nothing so I’m currently unmedicated and it’s an experience I’ll say that much
I…so I’m coming back to this video, and I actually was taking Adderall, and I got switched to Vyvanse yesterday as of making this comment. I did admittedly notice some of the side effects of being able to do physical things but still struggle to study, but I ABSOLUTELY wanted the Adderall to work! I was almost sad when I got switched off it. But the reason I was switched was because of how badly it would elevate my anxiety. I could focus on school work with the right environment and my meds, but I noticed this up and down of anxiety that was…well, literally, emotional disregulation and generalized anxiety disorder on steroids. IT WAS BAD. I actually had to pair my Adderall with anxiety meds which I haven’t had to do in years!
Omg how did I not discover this guy earlier, so hilarious 😂
JUSTICE FOR COMPY AND THE POLISH COW
I was on vyvanse for the longest, and I was just mad at everyone all the time lol now I don’t medicate at all
Polish cow :D
I appreciate the informative video, but I still need to know what the name of that song is
are you from poland?
Im on Concerta and mine said it is perfectly fine to be on and off it, actually better if you don't take it daily so you don't have as much of a tolerance. It works well for me to go from one task to another, even from an unproductive one to a productive one, sometimes. But it makes me feel like i have more of a choice as opposed to what you described in your video.
4
Hi :) I want to start with saying I found this video and the regular adhd one not only very helpful but comforting in a way to know people have similar experiences yadayada but I am 22 and I got diagnosed with severe adhd when I was 5 years old (2006) and I have been taking vyvanse literally since I was 7 and I do have to say I do NOT RECOMMEND high dosages so be careful of that. When I was in hs I was up to 60mg and I literally could go the whole day without eating and then what was also really bad and sucha weird time was for I guess my child doctor you could say who was in charge of my meds had instructed that I didnt need to take my meds except for when I had school but bc of the high dosage and like obviously hs lasts for months but there is breaks and weekends but I like developed a dependency on vyvanse which is really bad especially if it makes you underweight, whenever I didnt take it I would I swear eat like an animal, my mom used to say I ate like a football player when I didnt take them. But I took 2 years of a break from it and tried other things in substitution after a year and now im back on for 30mg and its epic again😎🧍🏼‍♀️💪🏼
Having ADHD is so difficult when everyone else around you doesn’t understand how it works. For many years of my life I was labeled as lazy, unproductive, a huge procrastinator, etc. but I physically couldn’t help it. Everyone around me told me to change and stop doing said things, but I felt as if it was uncontrollable and that something was wrong with me. Fast forward a few years and I’m going through therapy and my therapist goes “you have ADHD” and I was stunned. She explained to me that every symptom listed in this video and your previous one was a symptom of ADHD, and all of them applied to me. I finally felt that I was heard, and I’m forever thankful.
bro he wanted to watch the cow:(
Jessie we need to cook
I take Vyvanse and its like being zoomed in to a specific task, and if its not a productive task i physically react (shortness of breath, restless legs, shakes), i cant sit and watch tv which sucks
I think everyone has a degree of ADHD
I was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome and ADHD as a kid. I was on meds for years (fucking sucked), but recently got a medical card and honestly weed worked way better than the meds.
I was diagnosed with autism… and now I understand that I probably have adhd as well… I can’t catch a break lol
For my adhd I was on addaral for most of my life then I stopped taking it bc I found out what it was and chose to smoke weed and I micro dose and I detox 2 a month so I keep my tolorxe low
Hey i take riddlen (sry if i missspelled it i failed English )
Polish cow
adhd isnt real, your brain is just fried from constant forms of dopamine
Funnily enough I actually once met a kid named Pizza.
I think stopping taking ADHD meds is fine, many others are terrible idea but since you are not treating a disease here its feels like its not that risky. You might waste progress sometimes with your efficency but thats it? Ofcourse as a person with ADHD concerta user that was my experience. When I felt TERRIBLE (and I did damn you concerta you are too brutal) I didn't feel worse... and I was back on track when I took them next day
i curently take Vyvanse and i have those same symptoms
Normally I skip over sponsorships cause they’re boring and I have no interest in them, but you always make them very funny
my take away from this video: did I catch 'what is the heat death of the universe?' because I don't know but now I need to know
You're saying big words and mean not understanding because I also have bad ADHD also Make sure you unsubscribe wha-
you know that this song with cow in the beginning was in polish and about drugs, cocaine to be exact
i forgot about the polish cow meme and i started to think slowly its gonna bevsome srs vid 😰😰
Playing piano helps with my adhd TENDONSIES  :)
this may be a stupid question but would brain surgery be possible to decrease or flat out neutralize symptoms? as in older generations instead when medications werent a thing, doctors would preform surgeries to remove parts of a brain that were effecting specific behaviors like being overly aggressive, and it worked surprisingly
you know im a hardliner against meds but that comes because i have been wrongfully medicated in school.  I got ADD without the H in it which is basicly the same but not the hyperactivity part. Like i have the same chaotic stuff going on in my head but even as a kid i didnt jump around, screamed randomly and had to be working with my hands all the time to keep chill (which many kids in my school did) but i was more the thinker always.  So when i got medication like the others it revolved in me being even less attentive and couldnt even focus less. It was so bad i couldnt stay awake at school because these meds made me so tired, i was front seat row and teacher litteraly saw me struggling with keeping awake on my desk. She soon stopped it because obviously it was too much. And i myself had no idea why i was so tired, i didnt think it was the meds because somehow it just didnt come to my mind.  So moral of the story; it should be always discussed with the kid about their meds, explaining them what they do and what they are for, and most importantly telling them to be aware if something is wrong. Ofc most kids dont want to take meds anyway but i feel that would change if you really like.. Include them in the decision making process, at least to some extent.  for me it was just like "hey your medication just got changed." "oh, ok cool. Actually i dont care its the same right?" "yeah they are the same just from a diffrent production" "so nothing changes."   And next day i was like "man why am i so tired? i didnt stay up late yesterday." < this kept going on for a whole week so yeah.. If meds help you, go at em, no shame in it. But i feel sometimes its a little overused for children today.
#justice for compy
1:25 from this time on, the video was just better
I'll make sure to unsubscribe don't worry
I take Vyvanse, but its in conjunction with other medication. My psych told me this: Vyvanse suppresses your diet, increases your agitation, and is a constant stimulant so it can be hard to sleep. I would have recommended melatonin to help sleep at night as it wares off and if you struggle with anxiety look into getting compatible medications. For reference I take Vyvanse, Sertraline every morning and then I have some melatonin to sleep. Works a treat.
Vyvanse is just slow release adderall. Vyvanse is amphetamine with a lysine amino acid attached to it, which breaks down in the blood via an enzyme. It’s literally, the same thing as adderall.
guh
I might have some form of mild ADHD. Music plays in my head constantly and I have no control over when it happens
watching this while waiting for my first time have adderall waiting for the five millivannilli grans to kick in
I should test for ADHD because that sounds exactly like my day 2:23
I was on Vyvanse for years and a few months ago it randomly like... stopped working? My focus was not great, and even the negative side effects just... went away. I was really close to the maximum for my age range so I switched off of it. I genuinely had days where I thought I might have forgot my meds when I didn't.   Now I'm on ritalin which is maybe helping but I think I have depression so that's killing a lot of my motivation, plus my anxiety has made school work be identified as an Emotional Danger so my brain has the Flight instinct whenever I try to do school work alone. at school rn and struggling to get things done yippeee.....
I have ADHD, try caffeine its surprisingly effective.
love how he always kidnaps the viewer for the sponsorship
I've had ADHD my whole life but "managed it/denial" until menopause. Holy hell. It was like 16 trains trying to get through one tunnel at once. I'm on Vyvanse...when I can remember to take it...
I know how you feel I take a Concerta well but now since Concerta is on a nationwide shortage I have to take a different medication that they still haven’t freaking given me so I don’t know how it’s going to affect me or not and it’s starting to drive me a little bit mad
I had a very bad time with my adhd meds. It got really bad, I have adhd Really. Bad to the point where I'm always doing something and when they put me on the medicine. It was kind of liberating for the 1st time like. I could actually focus on things but after a while the the best way I can describe. It is felling like a caged bird. All those really cool ideas and adventures that I used to go on in my own head and in my mind scape kind of just disappeared  And it ended up that a medication just focused on my depression and loneliness and it did that for all 3 medications I took. It didn't help that I was going to Really tough times with school and my parents. I had the other symptoms of the medication and giving it to what we're like lack of appetite and everything.  I think I got so bad that I was eating like 1 to 2 meals every 3 days. In at 1 point i had my breakdown. I had suicidal thoughts. And you know you do that Thing where they ask you if you're feeling like this and you lie because I didn't want to get in trouble.  And eventually I can't understand what you're supposed to see in your year of high school and God yelled at by my parents for having one So much fun
I take strettera, which has been helpful, but i have a cough that doesnt go away and if the task im doing isnt thought provoking enough, i struggle to stay awake.  Also i have to pee constantly
i have the vyvanse thing when i drink coffee LoL
i got to 22 seconds b4 i wanted to turn it off..
I started off with Ritalin, but now I take Focalin. For me, when I'm on Focalin, if I find something I wanna do, I can do it, I just need something in the background. But if it's something that I hate doing, I still can't do it. Around a month ago I was on my meds and I just looked at my incredibly cluttered desk and was like, "I don't like that." And I started cleaning up. Apparently not only did I have a bunch of old tags from clothing, I had used batteries on my desk, one of which was corroded. I don't know why I kept used batteries on my desk in the first place, but I'm glad I cleaned up because I had literal battery acid from the corroded battery leaking onto my desk. It started off trying to find my animal crossing amiibo cards, then realizing I was never going to find anything if I kept my room as messy as it is. So I started with cleaning off my desk and I'll work my way around my room. But it's summer vacation and I'm not doing anything, and even if my psychiatrist tells me to take it even when I don't have school, it's a big capsule and I'm scared that it won't go down right one day, so I don't like taking it.
2+2=6 2+2=4
🐄 moment in beniging
LOL!!!!!!!
I'm not a medical professional, I think you have to use bupropion, I'm on the autism spectrum, and ADHD is part of my autism, so the medication that helps me with concentration without causing any medical problems for me is bupropion, so yeah, again, I'm not a medical professional, but if you want to try that medication, please talk to your doctor, thank you
I’ve been cursed with not only high functioning autism, but also just recently learning that I have adhd. Idk why, but based on my understanding of the two conditions, that’s like having autism on top of autism. Or autism squared.
Justice for Compy
I have taken many prescribed ADHD meds in my life. And what I have learned is that people tend to have to switch between different meds before they find the right one. For example, I took Adderall until I was on such a high dose that I was withdrawaling each night, so I moved on to concerta. Concerta helped until I was in high school where it didn't help with focus. So now I am on Vyvanse and that works for me.
Everyone has ADHD nowadays, I believe it’s less of a disorder and more of a personality problem. We have diluted the term and now we have taken away from the people who have the REAL ADHD. Not this, “I’ve played games and watched TV now I have adhd because I can’t stop thinking about that.”  I was diagnosed with “severe” ADHD and I was put on medication because of it. Then I grew up and just stopped taking it. I can focus just fine without it. I was just a hyper child that never paid attention, Just like every other normal child. The US is over medicated.   Point of the story, just cause you don’t WANT to pay attention, doesn’t mean you CANT. REAL adhd is being unable to drive today because you are to wrapped up in that leaf you stepped on while getting in the car yesterday and the crunch noise it made, and the fact that you could FEEL crunch.  It’s debilitating, not entertaining.
Vyvanse and Adderall worked for me but insurance is REALLY picky about covering those, so I'm still unmedicated -_-
i know nobody asked this but i use vivance and it works really well for me :3  also for some viewers who have been noticing they have some symptoms of adhd: not everyone with adhd is the same, ics might have trouble doing tasks but you might not, so just because you dont have trouble with specific tasks doesnt immediately mean you dont have adhd /nm /info ^^
This video made me get an appointment to check if I have ADHD 👀 I'm on meds now
My psychiatrist initially put me on anxiety meds, depression meds, and anti psychotics. I stressed my diagnosis and issue was ADHD and he started me on Adderall and it didn't do a whole lot for me so he went to vyvanse and the whole progression felt similar to yours but I wasn't able to refill the meds because he kept bailing on my appointments so I too stopped suddenly. I'm glad nothing bad came of it.   This whole thing feels so validating. I am back to square one and I am so desperate to just fix the issue. No clue where to go from here.
I am in the same ball park but I'm in high school
Dexteraphamine
Lol polish cow at the start
Just take ritalin bro.
So accurate but for now ADHD has enabled me to keep my job which has never happened to me before most jobs just fired me within three months this job was willing to work with me knowing that I was dedicated to figuring out something to make it better… without Adderall I would 100% not be able to function in society because before I wasn’t😮
I currently take Vyvanse, it helps me so much. Before Vyvanse I took Concerta, but it gave me panic attacks. When I moved to Vyvanse I felt like I could work productively, focus, and accomplish things without procrastinating and losing all focus. Different medications work for different people, and I loved hearing about your experience.
I now think I have adhd. That was literarily my expiernce with the polish cow just being their Brian dead while people try and talk to me staring at the screen. Their should be a required test that every child needs to take to see if they have any mental issues.
when i was younger, my ADHD was so bad that the medicine wasn't helping. now it's still kinda bad, but i don't take medicine.
I got about part way into the video where you started talking about taking your pill and then remembered I was supposed to take my antibiotic thank you for the reminder because my adhd ass can’t even remember to set reminders or alarms for myself
Zoloft is a pretty good one
Comment below: facing cow or ice cream sandwich? 🐄🍨
WHY IS THE VIDEO SO QUITE
HELLO MY BABY HELLO MY HONEY HELLO IS IT ME YOU'RE LOOKING fffooooOOOOOORRRR
I tried taking adhd meds once, I kept forgetting to take them constantly…
FOCUS
Vyvanse kept me in a box that disallowed creativity and out of the box thinking/problem solving. Concerta is great, but I like to eat and feel more than a zombie.  I think it’s important for us who are unmedicated to be aware of our habits and to notice the signs that keep us locked in our unfocus and be kinder to ourselves and to remind ourselves that improving ourselves does not take an immediate affect. We have to work harder than neurotypicals to achieve the same goals, but we are better at problem solving with creative and out of the box solutions that make us stand out above the rest.  ❤ love all of you unmedicated and medicated peeps. Stay strong and love yourself today ❤️
I agree with the first half
Just wanna say this video (as silly as it sounds) spurred me to seek treatment for ADD. A few months in, and I can truthfully say that watching this video actually was the beginning of a huge turning point in the trajectory my adult life.
Polish cow is really fun ngl
I'm not taking ADHD meds, mostly because I'd rather learn to understand my mind, so I can use strategies to manipulate it myself. I feel more in control that way.  It requires a lot of research, reflection, and strategy, but the more you learn about how your mind works, the easier it becomes to work with it, rather than work against it. Think of ADHD as a very unique tool. It can actually be very useful, I find, but you need to learn its technique to properly wield it. For example, I find my ADHD causes my mind to spontaneously generate ideas. I use this to workshop stories, fictional worlds and D&D campaigns. I've trained my mind to workshop ideas whenever I'm bored. Who needs phone games, when my own mind is all the entertainment I'll ever need. So, being bored will always lead to a new cool concept In my journal to use later.  New problem: sleeping is harder because I start thinking about D&D.  After some reflection, New solution: watch YouTube videos that pull my attention away from random thoughts, but don't interest me enough to keep me awake. A delicate balance, but ive found the content that works. See, I channeled what my ADHD is good at into a more useful skill, then I was able to solve any further problems created in the process.
D e x
No condition is caused by a deficiency in pharmaceuticals.
Ugh, please stop saying adderall is meth, please
"do not be tunnelvisioned on results"   Me with aspergers: what sorry can hear you over my hyperfocusing on this one thing for 3 years straight
Subbed for that "Don't forget to unsubscribe.  ...wait - " outro.
that intro actually really fucked with my adhd 🤣 had to skip ahead because i was getting really irritated
Me having ADHD I can confirm this is true, I just sometimes do all of these random things.
To accurate
F'ing focus works as the name say's just don't expect it to do anything else. Disclaimer: This is not an adhd med but a focusing med get a doctors approval first before taking as I've noticed that I need stuff to do otherwise my adhd becomes more noticeable.
how the rea doin?
6:25
Should try concerta, just imagine it as a level below vyvenase
Ah, so the second set of meds turned you from ADHD to aspergers with a side of almost killing you.
Guh If you know you know
Why is it so related to me
Going off meds without talking to your doc is genuinely one of the worst things you can do. Agree with Andy 1000% on this. Did that in late ‘21  and it genuinely fucked up my whole life. I got so sick I lost a lot of weight, and I had a breakdown so bad I can’t put it into words.
i have concerta my self and the medication is fun cus withaut it im a stupid lazy guy but when i take it it makes me want to run 3 km while singing random shit. and sory for bad enghlis
I have adhd and I used to take methylfenenedate (I probably spelled that wrong) and it gave me anorexia so don’t take that (my step sister also takes it and she also has anorexia)
My anti depressants made me worse. 🙂
I take Vyvanse, after a whole summer of not taking them when I did i had a shaky feeling (and there was the not eating but it fine)
now i just smoke da weed works bretty gud
Cell services will still sell your number.
With my ADHD, My doctor recommend Ritalin patches, they did help with focus and stuff but my down side was that sometimes it would make me really hyper and i would talk a mile a minute. Also i left my patch on once over night and i ended up just not sleeping that day so that was something
No meds for me and lemme tell ya it’s a trip
I'm on the enthralled by other shit phase
I take 87 milligrams-12 yr old
vyavance is just meth but more
I was relating to this video up until I saw the dancing cow and had to search it…
caffeine is what I use so that I don't deal with any addiction to heavy stuff because there's an addictive trait in my family, but after a while you need more coffee and the withdrawals suck but its better than meth.
So where’d the cow go?
My brain constantly interupts it self, i am on meds, it works, and i get more done, but still not what i sould be doing, im a bit of and it nerd, so i have about 60 projects but almost none of them getting anywhere
I watched this while having a panic attack, Andy idk how to explain it but u calmed me down so quickly..
I love how you do these videos. So engaging. You're great 😊
Yep, big feels. I have tried so many meds and dosages before finding something that works. Currently, it is 40 mg of Vyvanse. So happy to know you are better. Them side effects really are intense sometimes.   Btw…. The chewable vyvanse have LESS SIDE EFFECTS than the pill version! Check out with your pharmacist if you have the chewable options! Fr, that changed my life. No joke, I used to have crazy side effects with the pill format but now… there are only one! I have to chew candy tasting vyvanse 😂
im not sure if ice cream sandwich knew this  but im polish and he just mentiond drugs :D (polish cow)
This video is spot on
I’m unsubscribing right now
Wow! I'm so glad I watched this because its so relatable! Its definitely giving me stuff to consider...at some point. Lol
1:54 oh poor dopamine
So uh.. what was that cow video? Asking for a friend.
I have a question? Have u ever just realized ur alive? Like ur like woah! My life is in MY hands? Like that’s a BIGG responsibility man. WOAH!
Is it just me or do people with adhd really love pizza
Combining a lower dose of Vyvanse with guanfacine or atomoxotine helps me with choosing what to focus on. The combo also helps with sleep and you don't have a noticeable  comedown or jitters while on it..
I have ADHD and I think I'm taking the 2nd set of pills you took
My experience was with ritalin. I took it and like you said for a time it was fine. But after some it declined quick. I noticed how i lost my ability to feel a lot of things. I couldnt differ from right and wrong, i had big mood swings and i had no thoughts ever during my medication. Yeah i got tasks done but the side effects have made me a robot with lack of empathy because my head on this meds was just empty void. I was basically a zombie on ritalin.  From my experience this stuff is dangerous
I had a similar experience, ESPECIALLY with the Vivance. What is currently working for my inattentive ADHD is Atomoxetine (Straterra). The fact that it's not a controlled substance or a stimulant also helps a lot with my sleep issues. It's a both a slow buildup and a slow burn. At first, I could feel the medicine whenever I took it, but after a few months, things leveled out. After about 6 months, I started drinking coffee again and had reached peak "normality". The medicine isn't a "I am totally fixed now" type of feeling, but more of a "it's easier to manage my symptoms, and I am able to be moderately productive." It makes it easier for me to recognize when I'm being distracted, and makes it easier to slip into focus when I need to. It also doesn't affect my personality as drastically, which was another medication concern of mine.
Dude are you stalking me 😨
I don't have ADHD but I can't do one thing or focus
As someone who was diagnosed with ADHD at a YOUNG age, I can tell you that the hardest part of getting anything done is staying on task for longer than 20 minutes. My drug is caffeine; it's been the only real thing that has helped me get through a good portion of my life. I have been on medication but it's been years. I want to get on zoloft and ritalin again to help myself but I am broke ena dI don't want to spend the money to get shit done.   The hardest part but it DOES work is to keep track of everything you've done. No matter what, keep pushing to get something done. I have noites on my PC to remind me what to do.
I mean,  you did however have the attention span to put this video together?  Money is a powerful motivator…right.
00:1 what is. This song pls tell me
but like how do you get around the issue of vyvanse costing $300 per month vs adderall's $20. And I swear if anyone mentions that stupid coupon that only knocks off 15 bucks, i am going to strangle a butterfly.
lisdexamphetamine makes me focus on the wrong thing as well 😂 glad to know im not alone
Wait are you told to not stop taking meds on your own?
First time I ever took meds for my ADHD I literally felt my mind empty of the distracted thoughts. It was crazy lol like clouds cleared away in my brain that I didn’t even realize were there.
I was diagnosed with ADHD at a very young age and I recommend medication as it's been life changing for me. I've been on Ritalin LA for 6 years now, taking Ritalin feels like being hot by a tsunami of focus
Adhd meds destroyed me. I learned to be pretty good on my own, though I do lose track of what I was doing a lot still
As an ADHD person who has never been medicated, this makes me wish it was an option.
i have autism but omg i relate to every single one of these i wish i could just freaking focus on something but nopeits focusing on everything at once while simultaneously doing NOTHING
i had the exam same story ashim without the adderal and starting on the vyvanse
5 miligrams? i drank 40 mg when i was in 6th grade. When the effection ends, i would drink 1 more BUT THE SIDE EFFECTS ARE SO BAD MAN LIKE-  and like you said some of them. it has effects like  - cant sleep (maybe not even sleeping for a day) - cant eat. only a little. you always feel full even tho ur not - cant be energetic or laugh normally - always stressed - gets scared so easily   and maybe even more. People not taking this seriously makes me so angry
Your point about being super engaged in something that isn’t productive on ADHD meds is exactly what happens to me. I take a long acting concerts (54mg) but I don’t take it daily anymore because of that. If I need to do a big task I pop a pill and start the task immediately. So I’m in the zone already when the meds kick in
I am the 3566626th viewer
too be completely honest i’ve found that teaching yourself discipline has help a lot like cold shower not that it has anything to do with adhd it just teaches you that you can do stuff you don’t want to do
wanna make a pipe bomb?
As someone with adhd, the best way I heard it explained was like... working with a word processor that doesn't save.
i take ritalin
My personal experience: I started off by taking Vyvanse, and initially it didn’t work very well. So around third grade I started taking Intuniv (bad idea), but that would just keep making me fall asleep. So back to the Vyvanse I went. Everything worked just fine for a while.  A few years later, in 8th grade, the Vyvanse started to lose effect again. So I started taking a different medicine, I think Concerta. This just made me crazy depressed. So we noped off that train real quick. and went back to Vyvanse.  Just a few months ago, we realized that the Vyvanse was causing severe bouts of mood swings. One moment I would be doing homework, cool as a cucumber, and the next, I’d have my hands around someone’s throat or punching a hole in the wall. This was the first time I myself said I should try something else. I’m now taking Azstarys, and it’s the best one I’ve taken so far.  Medication has been rocky for me, but I think it’s finally smoothing out. Glad to know I’m not the only one that’s had a rough go of it with their meds.  Edit: It wasn’t Concerta, it was Mydayis.
I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was like 5 or smth (basically really young) and have been taking concerta since then. According to my doctor I might have to them my entire life to function properly. This was a really fun video to watch (thanks for reading my rant if you read it)
this video is so cute😭
What is the name of the song at start of the video
I started on Ritalin and that only lasted a couple weeks because it caused low blood sugar which made it even harder to focus
0:00- 0:18 me trying to talk to my brother with adhd
5:50 WRONG FINGER DUDE D:
I have hyperactive adhd and by brother has distracted adhd.
All the ADHD bois here V
i can conclude with his explanation of ahhd
I used to take meds then I think I started hallucinating. It stopped when my i stoped taking it. It also made me very tired.
im deathly allergic to a few adhd medication...from like 4 of them ive taken it felt like my heart started slowing down, my skin turned pale and my lips turned blue and i was just in so much pain and discomfort...so i stopped taking medication at 13 years old 9 years ago
Ya so I am a adult with meds now and I agree DONT USE THEM TO FIX LIFE but as someone on them daily (for school and work) it can help. You just need to find what YOU need. Talk to your doc and be honest with your self and them sometimes you just don’t need them for a bit and that’s ok
didn’t know adhd pills had different type of focus
I feel like I have ADHD too, mostly because I'm currently supposed to be working on my final project but I'm watching this video on my school computer with at least fifty tabs open
What did the polish cow do?
Treating adhd with meds is not the best way, most of the time parents who are either lazy or poor will just put their kids on the meds. There is therapy for it that I went through because my mom didn’t want me to be on meds. Therapy is the best route for adhd because it is the most effective and will last forever
Aderall is less potent meth but ok
I have adhd and i had meds for it but it made everything worse
Yeah this sounds like my experience with ADHD alright
Ok this actually makes me feel a lot more comfortable about my situation. I was diagnosed for ADHD, I was fine with just the diagnosis but we also decided to try methylphenidate which is like a type of Ritalin. Worked pretty ok for the first few weeks but we didn’t see very much of a change. So my doctor increased the dosage. At first it was great! I can get stuff done, can think more straightforward about things, and can get focused better on things I should be doing. However the side effects started to pop up the 2nd month of taking it. Increased heart rate randomly for no reason (normal heart rate is usually at 63-98 for me, but it would sometimes just spike randomly to like 120+ for a while when on the medication and it’s very frustrating and uncomfortable). I started to develop (or they became more apparent idk) tics like this gasping/breathing tic along with a yawning tic. I am stimming way more than I normally do (which wouldn’t be a problem if one of my Stims wasn’t picking at my fingers until they bleed and I had some actual fidgets to use-)  I am waiting to go the doctors to discuss this because it’s becoming more of a frustration than a help. Until then I’m just suffering 🥲  On another note anyone have any good recommendations for fidgets?  I have texture issues and I’m quite possibly in the Autism spectrum too but I’ve been looking for some fidgets.  I’ve tried bike rings (?) and those have helped WONDERS with my anxiety but I lost mine—  Have also made my own fidgets that have helped but I accidentally drop them frequently or have started to rip them partly because they’re so small…and I have grown too emotionally attached so I’m scared to fidget with them again.  Any ideas 💀
i had the same out of breath symptom when i took meds but it also made me look like i was depressed to everyone else be cause all the energy i normaly have was just gone (also if meds aren't working just stop taking the bc as far as i know there is no withdraw-like symptoms)
I lov polish cow why did u breajk
I also have ADHD and have the same focusing problem but I take focaline which calms me down and let’s me focus it is basically vivance but Not as strong
I took concerta and I miss it. Helped me so much. But I was not eating enough as it dampens appetite. My parents took me off of it so here I am.
Bro so even with meds its either one end or the other omg im screwed, why is everything either too much or too little for literally everything
One of the adverse effects of the lisdexanfetamine (venvanse) is tachycardia, which means your system is working a little bit overload. It can cause dizziness and shortness of breath, so it's advised to keep an eye out on your heart rate. If you show such symptoms, you should seek a different medication and orientation. Sometimes they recommend a blood pressure medication as well, to reduce the strain on the body
Vyvanse gave me mood swings after a while
I think I perhaps, perchance, possibly have adhd…
I so weird that you mention being out of breath at 6:30 because thats the EXACT symptom I felt when my psychiatrist told me to up the medication I was taking. Like I just couldn't get enough oxygen.
I take Concerta and it works really well for me but I have to take melatonin to go to sleep
i think i have ADHD but instead of tabs its video and games all together idk if its a sympton(sorry if spelled wrong) but my family think it is
if icecreamsandwich is reading this the i can relate to the 2nd meds that u were taking or how ever u spell it i was doing something i didnt need to and the whole day i only focused one the one thing so i take somthing else now
Vyvanse ultimately releases the same compound as adderall. Vyvanse is lisdexamphetamine, which is metabolized by the liver into dextroamphetamine, and that metabolism slows down the release
Thanks for telling me about aderral let’s you do physical things but not focus I’m taking it for the whole point of focusing in school
The fact that I can't get any medication for it just because my mom refuses to believe that I could have any form of disorder is infuriating, and then she's the one complaining about my grades, like, just as he said, I get home, and I think to myself "i'm gonna go study" then I get a message from my friend, I respond, then get into a random ass rabbit hole about something I saw when I opened instagram, then would you know it, it's actually 3 pm and I gotta go to the gym, then I get home at 4:30, take a shower, when I get inside the bathroom i'm like "imma be out in 15 minutes", I get in the shower, and then for half an hour I sit there contemplating random ass stuff while thinking "mmmm...water", then I get out, go to my room "i'm gonna study now" then proceed to just walk around my room talking to myself, then I put on some music to focus, and I start vibing too hard, so I forget that I have to study, and would you know it, it's 9 pm and I have studied a grand total of jack shit, and then I finally start studying...for 10 minutes untill I get bored and I just say fk it, imma watch a youtube video, then it's 11 pm and I just give up, it's rough man. And that's not all, almost everyday in class I get bored 5 mins it, I look outside for 10 seconds thinking "damn, it's summer again" just to hear the bell ring, realising I stared out the window for the entire class, understanding absolutely nothing, hell, even when I play videogames for example, I would be playing gd, pondering as always, and then a random questin comes to mind, I pause the game, look that up real quick, just to realise I've been reading about the anatomy of dolphins for 45 minutes, can't wait to be 18 so I can get the diagnosis for the medication   Edit: spelling
Concerta is the best
Vyvanse is super powered and not mellow. It also destroyed my guts
adhd is interesting, i take focalin and it helps but is also very silly idk about how to describe it
I know have liver problems from vyvanse not bad just there
I’ve never had ADHD before, but I’ve started dealing with brain fog, fatigue and the like starting like two years ago, and I started dealing with what I imagine ADHD feels like. I’ve always had super great focus, and would always get shit I needed to get done done, so this is weird for me. It’s hard to tell if my brain is so hyperactive now that I can’t even pick out any coherent thoughts in my head, or if the fog is just making my head genuinely empty now. Again, also super out of character, as I’ve always had a super rich inner monologue till this shit.
I see we can relate
🔬👩‍🔬👨‍🔬 machine learning and AI have potential to help improve treatment and understanding of complex conditions like ADHD. Data analysis and predictive models could potentially help tailor treatments to individuals, taking into account a range of factors including lifestyle, genetics, and individual response to medication. 💻🛜 👨‍💻👩‍💻
I got the funny ADHD and do believe medication would help me out to some degree as I struggle a lot with basic tasks and forget the things I’m supposed to do. But I have to wait still I start college💀
Rip computer
Fun Fact Vivanes (If i am saying it right) Made my Brother Homicidal and when i was on it for my Anger Issues it made me Suicidal
get tested for autism to
Atomoxitene I think that’s how you spell it.. but this one works good for me. Instead of that Vivance sharp focusing on that one subject, you can focus while feeling like you’re in control of that focus…  If you get where I’m coming from. Cause Vivance worked for me but I was too focused like you would be.
2:50 I was just like: wait but I don’t have ADHD and I can’t do that… but I didn’t see a professional either
Bro i had an experience like this. Except I was too young to really know what I was taking. Or a quantifiable way to explain what I was feeling. So it just ended up as like a prepubescent puberty of emotions
I am ADHD and my friend says I just say that cus I want attention but the the funny thing is I replied with ‘Attention is the only thing I don’t have’
I am not medicating myself because I noticed ot really made my anxiety bad. I wish there was a medication that made it easier because my Adderall has the same issue as you, but with the added bonus of still having that stupid loop. I should try vivance, because I had such trouble in college.
I'm so glad my friends introduced me to your videos, they're so fun and I love how charming your style is ALSO I think it's really really funny that your friend said adderall is basically meth (which is indeed more truth than it is a joke) but.... all amphetamine ADHD meds are INCREDIBLY close to meth in effects to most people even if they have some variation, and vyvanse is another amphetamine, so vyvanse also shares many similarities to meth OH ALSO ALSO desoxyn, one of the meds you listed among all the ADHD meds, is literally 100% actual medical methamphetamine, fun facts!
This might sound really stupid, but the only way ive been able actually keep my adhd down, was nicotine, caffine, and working out on a regular basis. i really surprise some ppl who have adhd when im able to fully discribe what theyre going through and how their feeling. their surprised bc i dont seem like i have it anymore. BUUUTTT if i stop any of those 3 things, boy does it come back.
As a kid who is myopic, has asthma, and has ADHD, I understand
I tried adoral and made me break down in school 2 hours straight other meds prevent me from sleeping I’m not sure what to try next if anyone has tips please let me know
When I got on meds for my ADHD i kept falling asleep so that didn't work and i stopped which don't do for meds it is not good thankfully nothing happened to me but yeah.
Glad to hear it, your entire channel is adhd fueled and I love it
i have adhd as well and the ways you describe how you felt on the meds are exactly how i felt on them. i take vyvance now still but there were times where i would be in class and look at some art or something and i just zone out everything else. then class ends and i dunno whats going on. as well when i took them when i was young vyvance would make me really aggressive at the end of the day. i rarely take the meds these days but when i really need to study my doc said just use them then... probly not the best edvise but what ever i dont have the money to pay for a pill a day.
Before they gave me concerta. I biked trough a park, every day.  First day on concerta, I noticed that there are trees in the park. I just never noticed before because I needed the little focus I had to keep my bike on the road and not hit anyone.
I have adhd and started taking medication ahd the medication almost took my life💀
I just woke up and thought to myself “i should get up and take my meds” then a proceeded to watch 3 of your other videos before remembering to take my meds😂
Did you know most add and adhd meds are classified as amphetamines so they are basically meth
POLISH COWWWWW
I have a fear, think I have adhd but I don’t wanna be cringe by being the “self doctor” which means I found out on my own, but I seem to to the exact same things that he does
Adderall is awesome, 30mg tabs 3x daily. Totally good results.🙂
As a person who most likely has ADHD, I really feel this.
I had that out of breath thing happened to me to before too
I take Methylphenidate and it helps with both focus and physical tasks.
I have adhd
I need the cow video :'c
I take Vyvance and I’m currently watching this while playing fortnite. I didn’t take my Vyvance today
I have ADHD and uh yes
tylko jedno w głowie mam koxu 5 gram odlecieć sam w kraine zapomnienia w głowie myśli mam
I love Vynanse but I can’t take it anymore bc it made my chest hurt after like 2 months
For me the Adderall works because the biggest struggle I have is the doing of things, and that's the problem I want to solve. I already hyperfocus on things and Adderall can pull that back.
4:17 is like me 😮
the sound 17s in when he smashed the computer was metal pipe
NordVPN should protect our butts! U don't want randoes in ur butt. A butt should be protected at all costs! We all got butts, all butts r bootyful and all butts should be saved! Oh yeah, better finish this video's along with the distracting tasks I'm during meanwhile - Commenting is only one of many 🤪
0:14 >:(
Being put on Adderall first is wild
If people could read my mind, they’d only get the same part of a song (or multiple songs throughout the day) playing over and over again.
Im guessing vyvance is metylphenidate in the US and that stuff works like a charm in the beginning but it just BEATS the adhd into submission and then I tried dexamfetamine and man the adhd is put in a warm blanket with some hot coco in front of a tv while the meds take the wheel and ocassionally the adhd gets to help out its great
I have ADD not ADHD but the part with vyvanse was spot on from my experience
1:12 smort
Have you ever tried lsd?
has anyone had the effect of when on meds for adhd you cant like think, i mean like think. i was on concerta.
hehe Canada go brrrr my ADHD medicine is pretty much covered by insurance and all it costs is taxes. I used to take Biphentin and holly shit that stuff fucked me up if i forgot to take it i would have to wait till the weekend to take it because it caused a massive head ache that sometimes lasted over a week and actually prevented me from going to school. so then i switched to Concerta and it did the same thing except now i don't have the massive week long head aches that prevent me from attending class. would definitely recommend Concerta.
Fiz um teste de tdah no google e descobro que tenho, agora vou tomar 6 tarja preta por hora
Damn i may have to go to see a doctor
What I think is interesting is how ADHD and its symptoms can be so different from person to person, but with such a common thread. And meds can affect people differently too. For me, my antidepressants and my birth control which help my hormones to just be so much more regular are two of the most important meds for my brain. I have Adderall, but honestly, it works just like caffeine for me, and I don't really have that much of a dependency on it if I keep up with the same amount of caffeine everyday. I found out that I had a lot of caffeine withdrawal symptoms because when I would take a day off of my Adderall, I often didn't have the energy/focus to make coffee, and relying on coffee in the first place meant that if I brewed it a little bit different, it would have more or less caffeine than usual. And I wouldn't use the same cup, and I used heavy whipping cream cuz I'm trying to do keto stuff, and Splenda, and it kind of sat really heavy in my stomach most of the time. So I moved to energy drinks, which I only did after researching and testing to see how my body and brain would react to them, because they not only have a consistent amount of caffeine per can, but they also come with B vitamins and other supplements that help with focus and energy. In the end, I've been feeling so much better after just regulating my caffeine intake, and so many of the caffeine withdrawal symptoms have been so much less. For anyone wondering, this is the article, and these are caffeine withdrawal symptoms. https://www.caffeineinformer.com/caffeine-withdrawal-symptoms-top-ten
I really feel like I need to be tested/medicated for ADHD, but I only want it for driving. I'm scared how it would effect me throughout the day.
they're all stimulants.. vyvanse will fuckkk you uppp
I got ADHD meds recently and have been taking the same type, but I need to keep upping the dosage as my brain slowly because used to whichever one I'm taking and ignores it and does ADHD things anyway.
bro do i have adhd? cuz most of these are relateble
the 2 ADHD vids made me relate SO MUCH. Adderall in Romania is not available, you can find alternatives but none of them are prescribed. I've been diagnosed with ADHD when I was like 20 and I finally got a chance to take the tests on my own without my parents telling me over and over that I'm tripping. All the little quirks of your ADHD happened to me as well, from checking the door being locked (multiple times), talking to myself in the room and organizing my day, getting distracted and forgetting stuff. To be honest CBD actually helped with my focus but even that is really hard to find over here, it's easier to find 70% THC marijuana from a dealer than pure CBD... Coffee helps too, doesn't really keep me wake, but it does help with focusing on work. But then again from what I understood CBD and coffee might work for me and for others not, just like adderall can help some people more than others.
Try methylphenidate
Shit, I forgot to unsubscribe and ended up subscribing. Stupid ADHD brain.
Vyvanse works for me
Unsubscribed 👍
I’m on Vyvanse rn and I need to do my homework but 5:15
Wait your telling me people actually look at a task, say they should do that task and without the Extremely Frustrating urge to do literally anything else they will do it? I’m not diagnosed with adhd.
If youre wanting to stay off meds, there are natural ways to mamage it. I dont use meds either, but I've got it mostly under control. (Mostly)  For example, there have been loada of studies jndicating that diet has a massive part in adhd symptoms. When I was a kid ky kum would just call it "the numbers" and tell ke not to eat food with "all the numbers". What she meant by this was all the preservatives and artificial flavourings they add to foods and drinks, which dont have names. They just show up in the ingredients list as a string of numbers or sometimes letters. But since I was a kid, she didnt bother explaining that and just told me to look out for the numbers.   So when I became a teen and knew everything about the world, in my years of experience and wisdom, and decided to go against my mother and eat cheap, packaged food with "the numbers".  And MY GOD my adhd symptoms went THROUGH THE ROOF! I couldnt focus on anything. I would literally bounce on the spot if I was forced to focus on one single thing. I immediately began falling behind in my classes, struggling with relationships because I couldn't even focus on a conversation... And bear in mind this is all before i even knew I had adhd. I had no idea what was going on until I finally went back to the simple diet I had been raised on. Primarily fruit, veg and meat, all the sweets like biscuits and cakes were home made, we even made our own marshmallows so that it wouldnt have all the chemicals to preserve and enhance flavour. They're pretty good too!   So that's something to try. Really works for me. To this day, if I go for a while eating packaged and preserved food, I go haywire. I have ti save those for Emergency meals, or special occasions.  Hardest part of that qas admitting my mum had been right... In hindsight, as the only neurotypical person in a family FULL of adhd and asd, and add, AND and medical professional, she probably knew what she was talking about...
Thank you for making this video!!!! It means so much!!!! I got diagnosed with adhd combined type officially and autism unofficially. I tried adderall xr and shortened realse of adderall and hated it so much. 30 mgs of the xr and 25 of the shortened release. The xr was great! It helped so much!!!! But the shortened was a nightmare. Turns out i was metabolising both of them too fast. So i switched to Vyvanse and i love it so much! I have no side effects. Lose of appetite. Nope. Still got a big one. Head aches and other things. Nope. My current dosage is 70 mgs. And while i love it. I am intimated by the fact that once it wears off for the day. Nothing will get done. But seriously thank you for this it makes all of us feel seen and heard!!!!
5:31 Bro turned into the 'tism
Anyone else like the lil cow music at the very beginning and is now searching for it 😅
The polish cow song is not a happy one. . .
I don't have adhd
i feel like i have ADHD now.
genius
adhd meds are usually pretty much the same about the stuff inside tho the capsules are usually different  also from my experience they can be hella tiring tho when i was a child and got my meds noone believed me as they ever did
This video actually pushed me to talk to my psychiatrist about ADHD medication. I'm 3 months into 10mg of Adderall and it's just. This is how normal people work??? But it's exactly like you described it! I don't have to fight my brain to do something; I can just. Do it. It saved my grades this semester - I've had a streak of failing at least one class every semester of college and I was able to manage 5 classes (and 2 of the most labor-intensive in my major at the same time).
NGL 1:08 had me rolling. Thanks for that 😂😂
My dr put me on adhd meds 2 days ago
God i miss my concerta. Ive been taking it off and on since 2002. This year (2023) is the first year ive been forced into taking other medication, Vyvanse. Concerta woke me up and i was able to do what i wanted to do. Concerta helped with keeping my weight down, removed depression, felt no pain, kept me awake when i needed to be awake.
I have ADHD and was forced on meds cause of my grades but when taking them I felt different I had a whole different personality, like a new person someone I hated, this person I became thought he was better than everyone, I still have regrets on things I did, I used money to get what I wanted with people, after a while I started throwing them in the trash because I felt like I was silencing the true me and if mentally hurt me
1:52 💀
Pizza
Am also a pill baby. Took pills all throughout 6-12 grade. I cold turkey'd vyvanse while in college. I was in real bad shape mentally and I had self esteem issues, toxic relationship with my parents. After a while I picked my life together and made a better life for myself USING MY ADHD TO MY ADVANTAGE BABY!
Who needs meds when you have this video?
I'm 15, had meds when i was like 11 or 12 and it felt like I was trapped in my body, i couldn't speak, couldn't move, couldn't do anything and it was just internal suffering.  i told this to my mom because I started uh... fearing the meds and the way they affected me, to the point where I was shaking when i took them the whole day.  I'm off meds but it's way too hard to do anything, i can do it tho :D
As someone who has both the inattentive and hyperactive types, I was so focused on this video that I didn't even read the comments until the video has finished
I am 20 years old and I am tired of my memory loss issues and sometimes it's  so worse that even I shocked on myself, it is getting more worse day by day😵‍💫😵‍💫 2. I easily get bored or I do not know when my mind gets distracted, I think in 1 hours my gets distracted 20 times then suddenly I remember ohh I have to do this and then again 5 mins later, my mind in my fiction world. 3. I known I am wasting my time, still I continued to doing that then I got bored of seeing videos now, i have no intersted by still I am seeing against my mind but I cannot read or learn something for my study😀😀
I take focalin
While watching this I forgot what dopamine was, went to search it, forgot what I was searching for, then started using character ai. Went back to YouTube, saw the video, and it happens again.
Omg Im in the telly
am going through the same adverse reaction you described, can confirm it is not fun
d r u g
2:16 I relate so much
health in usa makes me be greatful to be born in brazil lol but I also have adhd, everything acc
hi hi Ive been on ADHD meds (Strattera) for almost three years now. This is very true about medication. the Strattera has always worked well for my symptoms once I got to a High enough dosage, which is great, but I have other issues and medications as well and they've been constantly changing for those past three years. Meds arent an instant fix and they dont makes things easy, at least in my case, they make things possible. getting a genesight testing is one of the best things you can do. it made things so much easier for my perscriber to figure out what works the best. I highly recomend.
Concerta and Ritalin are the same thing aka methylphenidate. I took Ritalin a tiny dosage and felt the same thing as you luckily I had a heart rate monitor but my heart rate was 147 which if it isn’t obvious isn’t really good I went to the ER and had to do the whole nine. after this I found out that stimulants don’t work with me and probably don’t work with you. I switched to Sertraline it’s also an anti depressant but it works very well. Anyways I think you should try to switch over to non stimulants because it seems like something that would work for you,p.
2:22 Oh my gosh his explanation of ADHD is PERFECT
My cousins have ADHD
I use adderall, I'm the hyperactive type. teacher was explaining a test to us, and I would just stare at the bird out the window, It was a big bird, too. really cool. Maybe it was an eagle, I remember the bird, But not the test, at all.
(FYI the dosage jumps are 18mg  27mg 36mg and 54mg and Concerta is a slow release type of med)My ADHD medicine journey started with Concerta 18mg(the lowest) then i went up to 27mg when that stopped working i went up to 36mg then that stopped working working AGAIN THEN i went up to 54mg which is the highest level available and PLOT TWIST that stopped working so now i have to take 72mg but because the 54mg is the highest available i have to take 54mg and 18mg together
I just wonder how people without ADHD understand their surroundings and how they can control what they want to focus on. It is so frustrating to read chemistry chapters 20 times and still not understand a thing! It is so weird to look at people's faces in conversations and just stay still without any clue what they had said! But when I open my pc to play any games... I-I just tend to focus too much and could even do it forever! Our brain is kind of like-- you don't like doing this? WELL DON'T DO IT! I tend to do things that are easy and things that don't require hard work... no joke this is so weird and I wish there was a permanent treatment...😢 I don't enjoy FREEZING in exams for no reason (especially at the end) and think of unrelated things. I just enjoy things that like and don't enjoy things I don't like (if it makes sense). There are times when I finish READING a book but do NOT process the MEANING of what is written inside it in my brain... It is kind of like-- I think of SOMETHING else WHILE somehow reading the book AT THE SAME TIME... (no JOKE I SWEAR)! I sometimes even try to follow the words I read with my fingers and GET the meaning out of it, BUT I can't! I try everything but still, at the end everything goes to my pc; my beloved pc, where when I put the same book with video/audio I partially understand and can follow up... it's like my brain CAN read but CANNOT prosses rhe meaning of whay im reading! anyways i hope i get better at focusing on ONE thing at a time... I hope the best for everyone, PEACE!
The muffled trumpets part got me. That shouldn't have been nearly as funny as it was.
1:10 this is so accurate
ADHD without meds is like having tourettes but instead of annoying the people around you, you just annoy yourself instead. There's a voice in your head that never stops rambling on about random thoughts. You have to train yourself to constantly redirect your thoughts in order to stay productive and not annoy the fuck out of yourself. It's a constant struggle.
I hate Vyvanse if I take it early in the morning I’m strung  out if I take it at noon I’m sleepy, and at night that I can’t go to sleep
If an ADHD person could figure out how to harness hyperfocus at will we'd probably take over the world by complete accident. Someday I'm going to figure out how to focus. I feel your pain.  Growing up I went the route of ritalin, concerta, adderal, then decided I was probably just better off trying to learn to focus without meds and despite being curious now I don't feel like going through all the trouble of trying the newer meds and variants and finding a new doctor and blah. XD
My 1:58 meds dosage is 54 mg
Bro what my symptoms from my ADHD meds where a lot weight-loss 1:24
I feel this!! I have struggled with ADHD for so long. And just recently trying medication but my heart would race and I would forget to take it. Thank goodness I didn’t have a bad reaction after. But same back to square one.😢
Honestly I see ADHD as my superpower  There's pros and cons  Cons for me were Thnx to Adderall as a kid my kidneys and liver are still on recovery  since my blood pressure was raised, and I wouldn't eat causing me to loose 30% of my weight and a 10 year old kid that's on the smaller side that's bad and I have chronic dry eye were I need eye drops because I didn't blink ever and I never could think I just do and when I didn't just do I'd sit and stare into space and I couldn't poop cuz it was giving me horrible constipation   Pros for me  I did what I was told mostly, I was quiet and honestly my mom forgot about me most of the time drugged up in the corner   Honestly ADHD is a underrated super power. You have a hard time focusing and get bored easy so you try many hobbies to regain your attention until you get bored again then move on and start a new one and maybe come back to it  Think of it like a puzzle, your bored with it and there's another shiny colorful puzzle  Move on and start the new puzzle and eventually you'll get bored with the new puzzle and go back to old one or start a new puzzle  It's hard to consitrate but I feel people take the lazy route of I can't focus so I won't do anything  I tend to have many hobbies to choose from and the big one for me is my dog cuz he can go with me almost everywhere  Funny enough he's a Dalmatian and he's got the same attention span as I do so we be Vibeing  Try many hobbies and activities for yourself and you'll find that ADHD is just a underrated skill  That it really can be a skill worked with  I write things down and I find jobs that are fast paste work best  I currently work in the hospital as a tech and it's go go go and it works great getting fir my low attention span cuz it's go go go  Work with your strengths to help with your weaknesses
I started taking Vyvanse two years ago. The best decision I’ve ever made. I relate to your video very closely, but my experience with Vyvanse is a very positive one.
makes sure to unsubscribe.... ooops i mean no . i deal with add my self so i do know the oo shiny aspect of things and the chaos that is your brain wen not medicated.
Watched 2 hours of instagram shorts before I finished this video
this is my country cow" tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu 5 gram, i idę w kraine zapomnienia!" translate this from poland to for example english
I have ADHD (ADD) and I can safely tell you I wouldn't function without my meds, which shows ADHD works differently in different people! *the more you knoooww*
Concerta!! Diagnosed adhd this year, 27mil dose, and hey it workd!
when im in the middle of a sentence and my thought drops like a fucken rock  i stop talking the ask me if ive had an aneurism
I just smoke 🍃 It doesn’t keep me more focused more a less just entertained enough to do annoying tasks like laundry or mowing the lawn
Before I know adral was meth I use to call it the super soilder pill, would wake up jog 5 miles go to school from 6am to 5pm(was is the college preparatory high school) then get home do my work then jog another 5miles
Oh man, how you described this so much better than how I've done it.  But yeah, having to complete a task by then thinking of something else, which then is so compelling to check out and then while checking that out suddenly remembering the one time you saw a bug and now i JUST HAVE TO KNOW WHAT FUCKING BUG THAT WAS! And so i learned about bugs that day... but OH MY F****GOD!! I was supposed to go to my best friends birthday today.  My task was to go to his house and get to that birthday.  While on the topic, i just remembered that his birthday was 1 month ago!  So I'll go and get him a good gift.  Bye, have a nice day :D
Started Vyvanse 40mg 2 weeks ago and I like it. Its true that it wont give you the motivation to do the right things, but I find that once I figure out what I need to do I exert wayyy less mental energy on the task and dont feel like I am hurting myself when I have to force myself to focus on a super important task. Also feel much more present in day to day life and not stuck in my head as much as I used to be
Never take more than one pill. You get anger issues
the dact that one med is just infront of me and I will take it in 5 min :3
I can agree with everything in this video… cause I have ADHD
I had tried medication in elementary school for ADHD and all it did was give me the bad side effects.  One time I was taking it and I couldn't sleep, then in the morning at school I was so tired that I ended up falling asleep in class. I was told to go to the office to do my work and I just couldn't focus on it, all I felt in that moment was hunger. So I was just sitting there, in the back of the office, asking if I could go to lunch. Eventually the people said yes and I got my food. But a strange thing happened when I sat down to eat, I wasn't hungry anymore. I sat there not eating because I just wasn't hungry anymore. Lunch ended and I still hadn't eaten anything when the custodian lady came over and was about to throw my food away. IMMEDIATELY I felt hungry again and was crying. I was told to go back into the office and eat. And that's really the most that I remember.  I would forget to take my medicine in the mornings before school because, you know, ADHD.
My attention span is so bad
ice cream sandwhich is so real 😥😥
im 90 percent sure i have adhd bc symtoms but cant afford to see and honestly im tryna learn scripting but cant bc of literally anything sooooo
unrelated to the topic of the video but I loved that funky cow you put in the beginning so I looked up the meme and consequentially the lyrics to the song and now I am a completely different person
I have to take Adderall and it makes me feel like a zombie
Aderall is not "basically meth" there is a big difference between Amphetamin and Methamphetamin. Hence the different names. Even the street names are differen: Speed and Meth. Also Vyvanse is just as much Amphetmin as Aderall, it's just slower release. Moral of the story: Don't listen to your dumb friends, talk to a doctor.
Legit right now, I’d be watching like four other videos if it wasn’t for me hammering in my head “hey! Go to sleep, you stupid idiot.  Also I too have problems with being focused on things, I want to do something, but I do something else, like I was supposed to look for a comb a few hours ago, thirty minutes later I was drawing, and then I was like “ I was supposed to be looking for a comb, I have not found a comb, what the hell” this sucks. :(
Yeah i have adhd too (im not the women on the pfp im her son and goy bored on toilet)
I have to take adderall for school
youtube.com/watch?v=pIYRtGTyKAA&t=5s  As a warning he is pretty blunt and unapologetic, but I agree with him and I ask you to consider whether you agree with him or not. This is NOT meant to offend or invalidate/de-validate anyone or their experiences, this is just what we believe.
I have the same exact adhd But i forget things i sometimes forget my school bag when at school
I am someone who has struggled with adhd as a kid and I was put on adderal and had to hop off bc addy is terrible for the side effects and the worse one I have recollection of is lack of appetite and suffered malnutrition and it was just terrible. I became disconnected from friends kinda turned into a shell but from my understanding of adhd people like myself is that we have a much much greater need for discipline than people without adhd. I have been able to push through stuff that what most adhd type of scenarios cause productivity. First mindset you adopt is that your tasks you’ll do you’ll never have to do it again for the day and then reward yourself with leisure time like video games or whatever makes your adhd go into intense focus mode. People with adhd do much better with hobbies because it’s things you like while it’s difficult to do things you don’t but you gotta try and understand that it will be for the better in the long run. It’s not a easy process but it helps you in the long run in life. Their are other works rounds you can do. Such as I don’t like getting up in the morning at all but I make it semi entertaining by listening to videos that keep my interest. Personally I try and keep the videos insightful bc I want to listen to useful information to start my day off. But adhd isn’t impossible to over come and I don’t think you need medicine at all for it, doctors just tend to throw medicine at you bc they get paid more and it’s easier than suggesting other forms of help aswell as the aforementioned drugs however I believe taking it can help you understand what it is to be calm and focused to some degree. But all in all drugs should not be your first option and should be used as an example in a way then ween yourself off and try and hone discipline and understand/create a system for your adhd so it knows what to expect. Think of it as a second Brain in a way they needs some sorts of necessities fulfilled to be satiated. I hope my info provided was helpful this is from years of self awareness and trying to understand it for myself thank you for reading.
Who new  this whole video was so relatable
With diagnosises you learn to deal with various things like focusing and how to deal with emotions. It comes with time and talking to other people who have a diagnosises
Help I think I have adhd bc everything you talked about is exactly what happens to me every day bahaha
POLISH COW!! :D
3:39 *yeurr buett*
yea i take vyvanse
Adderall is not meth or like meth.
I love listening to a polish cow singing about cocaine a lot of cocaine
I’d actually highly suggest Wellbutrin. It really helps me build routines.
Unfortunately there is no medication that changes the way you think. There’s also no medication that makes you want to do things you don’t want to do.
1:07 to 1:35 needs to be shown to everyone who wonders about ADHD.
As a person with ADHD DO NOT! Take Riddlen it will give you hallucinations, fevers, vomiting, cold sweats, diarrhoea and dizziness
if youre having trouble focusing try focalin i have adhd to
Literally me this morning in a Spanish test… “what is this verb… was it son? Is son even a word? Wait what’s the first part- is it Ella… no that sounds weird, what it if is? WHY IS SON A WORD?”
Me my meds took 5 years to get right one just gave me more energy one turned me to a literal zombie one just made me confused and gave me a little bit of short term memory loss somehow and one made me be distracted in the mind but not physically now I’m good tho
i want to take adhd meds but i'm scared man.
1:07 you andys don't get it. the obvious answer is fish
I have minor symptoms..
One thing that makes me wonder about all this is how much of it is real and how much of it is misdiagnoses.   The reason I ask this is because a lot of these symptoms could also be explained by far more simple answers or require solutions that don't need meds. However, I only ever see the meds being used. Much like how the only solution I see for "gender dysphoria" is the surgeries and other harrowing stuff.
I take Ritalin and it kinda sux. I mean it gets the job done, it just made me develop an anxiety disorder and I’m really boring to be around
I have adhd and autism and dyslexia and add and sumthin else  and i take conserta but somehow the autism and adhd do something weird and almost cancel out, i have an above average iq and since we didn’t decide to take an iq test till 6th grade i went through prek-5th grade with all these things going on and no clue what was causing it we would take dyslexia tests but i would pass same with adhd tests and i would always say “if nothing is wrong with me then whats wrong with me?” One of my parents favorite quotes but the thing that would happen is that i could answer most questions and i had all the necessary information but my brain just needed time to process it like i could never write papers in class but then i would get home and boom idea write and oh wow where did these 600 words come from math was my best subject because the questions were never open ended there was one answer only Basically im trying to say that i was literally too smart for my own adhd and autism  But it still effects me Als now that im medicated i kind of switch between being able to focus on like 5 different things at once, and being hyper focused on one thing and forget the world exists  Like i did on this comment ( this took me 2 hours to write out) Edit Also i had severe anger issues to the point where when people started bullying me (i was the nerd) i would black out and wake up either standing over the bullies or in the principals office in trouble  I was also taking judo at the time so i ended up throwing a few of the bullies to the ground a few times
bc I have ADHD, I've been taking Ritalin for 6 years now. Ritalin really helped me focus, but I just felt like my emotions were turned off. when i was younger i took Ritalin every day, and i felt like it made me really energized and I was disgusted at even the thought of eating food, so i would get into the habit of just not eating and overexerting myself. whenever the medication would wear off i would get really bad pain. one day the pain got so bad that i passed out. it made my parents rethink the process of me taking meds, so I've tried only Ritalin twice a week, its been working better than what i was doing before, but i still don't eat while its in effect
I got diagnosed with ADHD as an adult about 3.5 years ago, but didn't take it too seriously until over the past year when I realized that, when talking to coworkers, I was paying wayyy more attention to my efforts to pay attention to them than I was to what they were actually saying. Anyway, I got put on Vyvanse, and for me, it certainly curbed my impulsivity (another huuuge ADHD-related problem of mine) but didn't do as much for the focus. Also, if I understand correctly, Vyvanse is also meth, but it's the parts of meth and your body puts them together once inside, unlike Adderall which is the pre-assembled meth. I might have dreamed that.  Edit: I got a new psychiatrist who put me on the correct dosage, and hoooooly CRAP that made a difference!
Meds help you do what you need to do, but what you choose to do when you have the ability to focus is definitely up to you - medication isn’t magically going to get your work done for you 😂
Vyvanse made me twitch rapidly and i couldnt talk, i could only stutter and i sounded like i was having a seizure
I have ADHD and I also need to take meds.
I have a friend with adhd, and he is medicated, and it is almost horrifying how much the meds change him, when the meds kick in, he is an ambivert. When the meds wear off, he gets really hyperactive and, from what I’ve noticed, very talkative, which has to be difficult for him, because he plays violin, and we have concerts (where you’re not supposed to talk) and he tries his best not to, but he just can’t control it.
What would be funny is if you exploded everytime you finished talking about your sponsor's, LOL
As someone who also has ADHD i take concerta
"Do you want anhthing? Snacks? Food?" "MMMMM" "Ok 👌" 💀
WHY IS IT ALWAYS NORDVPN
Hmm.. for me as an autistic-ADHDer. My autistic brain keeps me from going completely unfocused and unproductive when the ADHD wants to be random. My autistic mind likes RIGID.. SCHEDULED… UNCHANGING.. PRODUCTIVITY!! And it WANTS it to stay like that FOREVER!! But my ADHD doesn’t want that so it usually helps me to become more spontaneous and free! But my brain constantly reminds me “you need to stop having fun and do your schedule! It is better to do the schedule because it is safe! Don’t you want to be safe?”
Ive been on meds for years and not had problems because my mom gets my meds aka pil and this relatable
i started on vyvanse and had a similar thing, it started out great where the meds would kind of fill my ~doing stuff battery~ and then i could spend that energy on whatever i needed to do that day, but i would get super antsy if i didn't do anything that /used/ that battery which was not great. then i started getting the breathlessness also! to the point where i sometimes had to stop what i was doing and just breathe for like 10 mins waiting for my heart to slow back down. it's really nice to know that i'm not the only one out there who's been through this! i'm kind of spooked by adhd meds now because of what happened with the vyvanse so i am currently unmedicated again and.. yeagh. adhd is hard.
I have ADHD.And i DO NOT TAKE THE MEDS BECAUSE MY MAMA TOLD ME NOT TO!That is Like if I WAS SICK AND MY MAMA TOLD ME NOT To BE SICK!NO NOOO NOOOOOOO! P.Sim 7y old so  yea  P.S.2YOUR THE BEST YOUTUBER EVER IN MA LIFE ITS THE BEST ANIMATION 7:07 EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR INFINITY/5.
In my experience I think it's pretty common to need to switch meds around a few times before finding the one that actually works. I was on Ritalin and then Focalin first, and both just wrecked my appetite and made me super nauseous (though on Ritalin early on I definitely had your vyvanse experience of SUPER FOCUSED ON THING when it kicked in which sometimes was unhelpful depending on task). Eventually got on adderall which has actually worked really well, the only issue is the shortage keeps randomly leaving me with a break between prescriptions. I'm also someone who needs an afternoon booster, which is apparently pretty common but weirdly not a thing a lot of psychiatrists will ever bring up unless you specifically ask them for it. XR doesn't actually last all day even though they get treated like they do, so it's pretty common to need a smaller afternoon dose to help keep up the effects.
I really want a version of Inside Out where everyone is just Andy.
1:08 as a person with ADHD I can say, this is what my mind is like
I have add (adhd without hyperactivity) I am soon to be medicated and still in school and a kid in my class didn’t believe in adhd and said it was just a label doctors give you so you pay them more. So I had to put him down
I use Adderall too. I had the same experience but I still use it and its fine.
Focalin rocks bro
guh
Idk why I come back just for the faking cow
Strattera almost killed me 😢 damaged my heart
i think all the meds youve tried are stimulants. maybe try non stimulants? i personally takes qelbree (idk if i spelled that right) and it works ok for me
Try Concerta for the focusing
As someone with severe ADHD, this is all super relatable. especially the eight trumpets.
The trumpets in the brain resonated a little too heavily
Lol I always do the task thing in Terraria. So glad I don't do it in real life
I take vyvanse
For a while I tried meds and nothing really did it for me. There would always be something wrong with it and I would ask to be taken off them. Now I just kinda have to force myself into focusing
I have really bad adhd so to focus (me a 13 year old) have to be on 20 milligrams
That's the *exact* experience I had with vyvanse!! If I could muster the initiative and self-discipline to be On Task when it kicked in, I could easily power through a week's worth of work/school/cleaning/etc in a day. But if I happened to be, say, scrolling through Reddit? Welp, that's it, that's the day. I ended up going off of it because while it *did* help on the good days, the lost productivity from the bad days made it no more helpful than just bare-knuckling through it unmedicated
Some advice from someone with adhd, learn to control your thoughts, become aware & tell them to shut up, then you become a hundred times more productive
It’s cool, your mental illness makes you funny & quirky
If you get diagnosed do you have to take meds? I have a strong feeling I have adhd due to a number of symptoms/experiences but don’t know how much is normal and how much is possibly from adhd so I wanna get diagnosed to have that confirmation (and relief) you talked ab in your first adhd vid but I don’t really wanna take meds. The symptoms I do have really suck and it’s hard being motivated to do things I wanna do even despite my longing to do them but I still don’t really wanna be on meds and get all the negatives ya know? Adhd sucks (again presuming I do have it) but I’m slowly slowly finding mental and physical work around to cope and I’d like to stick to those and avoid meds if possible but still want the diagnosis so I just wanted to make sure I can without being forced to pursue meds
3:17 The internet is filled with I N F I N F I N I T E K N O W L E D G E
d r u g
I just came back for the cow video <3
concerta has worked fine with me
hey i just saw ur channel and u seem rly funny maybe consider taking concetra aka what im using cuz i have adhd and autism (lifes great [plz end me]) and it calms me down so test it and see the results!!
I have ADHD, and I used to take Adderall, but that made me more "aggressive," I guess; well, that's how my family explained it, but I switched to Confiansa, which helps focus with no downside other than the taste.
I have been told that when I was on Adderall I was a completely different person 😅
Just say no to your mind
😂😂😂 he tied up that poor guys so he can hear his video's sponsor??! 😂 that was too funny!!!
Growing up on adhd amd tourettes meds since I was around 6 or 7 years old, I ended up stopping adhd Meds entirely once I reached 9th grade due to my body growing resistant, and higher doses making me a zombie, and also causing me to have zero appetite
Wait,so I have adhd?
I was prescribed Ritalin(Methylphenidate). It was...odd. I was super productive and hyperfocused, but a very...bad...side effect. I mentally cannot recall a single memory from the time between 2011 to 2015, the time I was medicated. It also...made it harder to remember memories for the first few years after going cold turkey. It also just nuked my personality into oblivion.   Instead, I took a far more difficult route, *finding coping mechanisms*. I've found it to be far more effective, at the cost of overthinking myself to death at every conversation. I'm still not..."cured". I still have a lot of tells, a general aura of awkwardness, near permanent RBF syndrome, a difficulty to connect with people, a hard time comprehending the idea of "Thinking what to say next without lagging mid word", and a small issue of "symptomatic breakdowns"(Instead of having a complete breakdown and returning to 5 year old, I just get really quiet until my brain knocks on my skull to check if I'm still alive). I...also have a really bad habit of over explaining... I also used to have a bad habit of interrupting people, cause I'd forget what I was going to say rather quickly. Well, time to return to...doing whatever I was doing before
Ah a fellow person with ADHD, it sucks! But if you have ADHD you should always talk to your doctor about medication for ADHD because I heard it helps a lot, I’m starting my medications tomorrow as of the day of posting this ( may 9 2023) and I hope it helps, also I am takin concerta
concerta (27mg) really helped me out it lasts maybe an hour longer than adderall did for me (i took about 15-20mg of adderall) and i can keep focus better. I still have energy during the day but i can get things done.
I like how the farther right, the more crazy your brain minions are
I take vitamins focused on helping with focus and they did help but for me it's mostly that now I can sleep. I also can't take any type of stimulant, like ADHD meds or depression meds, bc of previous avertion so for me, the vitamins are the only option
When I took meds a side effect was it was really hard for me to eat. Not physically, I just never fell it.
1:08 - 1:26 these are my exact thoughts on things
I'm a little late to the party here. But I will offer my own experience. Medication changed my life after diagnosis in my late 20's. But more beneficial was layering therapy and counselling on top of my meds. I usually like to repeat the mantra "Pills don't build skills". The medication only works so well because I have spent the time in therapy to gain the skills needed to help me navigate life with ADHD. The medication then makes it easier to utilize the skills I have learned. The big catch is.... Building the skills sucks and it's hard work. It takes a lot of practice, patience, and willingness to screw it all up but go try again anyways.
i love the ACNH sound effects
https://youtube.com/@iam6yearsoldandgocryaboutit
5:24 i was definitief not on my phone and watching this at the same time…
Ritalin is good or animoxid
I love your adds HAHAHA They are just so creative
I need drugs now
What was that cow video at the beginning?
i personally like concerta, i took adderall before and also didn't like how i felt. concerta has a similar mellow effect in my opinion.
Whats  the cow
Put the cow back on! >:|
Me getting distracted by full house throughout the whole video because of my ADHD   Ps it's to late in the day to take more medicine so I'm just lounging
whenever i take adhd meds i just get angrier
first i tried medikenet. That never worked and i just got horrible side effects. Then i tried Atomoxetin and that had NO effect what so ever, not even the slightest side effects. Now i am on Elvanse and i know how to make sure that the side effects are limited but i still have no desired effects. im on 30mg right now.
Try smoking cbd doesnt get u high  and has almost no side effects ^^
Adderal isn’t meth, Meth is a lot more toxic, euphoric, has alot more ROAs and the high feels a lot more calming
Polish cow is Polska krowa
....  So i know its hair, but what if you look at it like a cowboy hat.
Why have you done this to polish cow
I was on ADHD meds but my mom took me off either because I was doing good with(out) them I think or it was that in my mom's words not there or I seemed out of it or something which kinda annoyed me because after being taken off the ADHD meds I started doing poorly in school I'm surprised I even graduated from middle school. p.s this is my mom's account
Try dexmethylphenidate or focoline xr
I don’t think I have adhd but I’ve never been able to focus on school work and my grades are always worse than they could be cause I celle like I just can’t get anything done ever like I have missing assignments rn that I need to do but when I try to work or focus on them I can’t idk man
That thumbnail though
I had a good experience on Guanfacine (intuniv) but after several years I also developed physical symptoms, like low blood pressure and some other stuff. The problem with psychiatric meds is that they do a ton of research into the mental effects, but dont warn people about the side effects as much as they should. Unless you get a REALLY good doctor, they typically treat your mental disorder as something to slap a sticker over and be done with, and it really sucks
Have u looked into lions main and fish oil? I started lions main because itd supposef to help neurons in the brain. I started fish oil yesterday because someone with adhd on tiktok had daid that they take this combination and it helps their mind. Im doing ut for studying. It could work it could be placibo but uvr had no bad reactions. Dont know if it actually does anything but i dont loop about anymore school always comes first now
my brain computes over 1000 dreams at once when i go to bed and it's so loud
Ice cream sandwich: *meth* YouTube Auto-Generator CC: *math*
It's funny how I saw a ADHA fixing ad
When I was medicated there was a side effects was I would lose my hunger and I didn’t eat anything for hours.
I was diagnosed with ADHD and a young age I have been a lot of different meds but Concerta helpse the most
my first instinct when the video started was to sing along to polish cow
U should try meditation instead of medication
adhd meds here are really expesive i mean the cost as much as some cheap guns
BRO I WAS JUST WATCHING THE POLISH COW
Okay no but the whole thing where it’s just 5 different guys in the brains all talking at once is exactly how it feels though
It is just now that I realize we have the same artstyle... I swear I did not copy you.
ever heard of adhd paralysis?  its just when you sit there thinking about things doing nothing else   like what it sounds like if you play 8 trumpets all at once
I have severe ADHD, and was on Adderall, which kind of worked, but I would double up and run out, which led to me seeking out amphetamines like MDMA to focus. Long story short, I became a drug addict, went on a meth binge, and now I can only take Strattera which doesn’t work. ADHD is probably the only condition, besides SUD, that encourages destructive behaviors to sabotage any success or recovery of it. Things are really really rough. I can’t dig my way out of this hell.
seems a lot like me
The polish dancing cow parts in it were funny
I took my first mg of concerta today. it isn't doing anything but im working up to helpful dosage. i hope it'll work
You should try medikinet (I have ADHD and I take it)
I used to take adhd medicine but I metabolized it so fast that it was pointless and coffee doesn't work when I drink it it feels like time stops and I get a head ache then it spreads up and I get a head then it slows down again until it wears off
I'm not yet diagnosed (thanks American "Health Insurance"), but I have a ton of symptoms, and frankly the best way I can describe what it's like for me is just... you know when you're trying to do a task, but people keep walking in the room and talking to you?? it's like that, but with my own brain
1:07 why does that sound like my brain during the algebra exam
ur voice sound so tiny i had to max my volume to 100% :(
I don't really have an experience with medication i take some that keeps me awake and concentrated but the overlapping thoughts and overcomplication are still there atleast i refuse to take other medication and idk what my point with this comment is anymore now that i think about it =:
Where’s choose a mini game from Mario party 1?
Vyvanse makes A N G R Y. Like ridiculous, psychopathic, task focussed Angry. Adderall gives me less efficiency but the world likes me a whole lot more because I don’t come off as a potential hit man if you screw up a job I needed you to do.
I don’t feel hungry
I spent a couple decades in various spurts working with different doctors till I found what worked for me. I learned you not only have to find the right medicine for your specific body/brain but also the right dosage! Thankfully I eventually had a doctor who understood this and now I'm on Vyvanse and with a dosage that works for me. By the way, in case you ever see this @icecreamsandwich from the moment you first described vyvanse I mentioned to my husband that sounded like too high a dose and when you started talking about the side effects it confirmed to me so that might be something to consider discussing with your doctor if you haven't already.  But basically why I wanted to chime in is that I've spent the majority of my life feeling guilty and like I'm just not trying hard enough and that I shouldn't need or rely on meds. Well, I've broken away from the stigma (mostly) and feel better about myself and love how much I am able to do when I work with my meds and even arrange things in my life that help me to work with my adhd rather than try to fight it and be like a neuro normal person.  I was a little scared clicking on this video from the title. I'm so used to people saying I shouldn't take meds and while I think it's up to every individual wether they do or not, I've chosen to because it makes a huge difference in my life. So thank you for addressing this topic in the way you did without ridiculing either side.  And to anyone else watching, if you think the medication route is good for you, please don't give up. Find a doctor who will work with you and knows what they're doing. It has made a night and day difference in my life just having a physician who I can trust and who knows me. Tis all and best of wishes on your journey/adventures everyone!
ADHD gang where you at!!!!
I think I have adhd, that’s why it’s midnight and I’m watching this, I can’t stop!!!
i just want to contradict the bad medical advice here. if you are having trouble with fatigue after starting a stimulant medication, or are experiencing severe symptoms, please absolutely do stop your meds if you see a doctor immediately. ice cream sandwich here probably saved his own life by stopping his medication. fatigue like that is because of heart issues, and they are no joke. that's why good doctors monitor the heart when prescribing stimulants.
Let me watch the cow
Honestly I needed to see this. My anxiety meds have been destroying my appetite to where I can barely eat a single full meal in a day and I've been holding off contacting my psych. Imma email them now.
My cousin has adhd and he’s completely correct
I have adhd too. Unfortunately there are no magic meds that will make you focus on the right thing. The meds open the door, but there is still planning and work to be done on my part to make sure i am productive
You're a genius man    well done 👏
tylko jedno w głowie mam...
I remember breaking down and start crying at the school when i force myself to finish my simple arabic writing for 3 whole hours
when using medications, do you get like used to them, so going back to not taking them feels worse then before starting? or if someone with ADHD stops taking them it just gets back to the normal situation even after using them a lot?
Seeing the last vid and this one motivated me to try to convince my dad to get me tested, I have a lot of symptoms and I just want to get helped with concentration and tasks and stuff even if it ends up not being adhd but maybe something else… we had a fight about it and he doesn’t want me to get tested. So I might go to my school (they have a thingy where you can ask for advice on almost everything, pretty nice ig) and ask what I should do or if they can help me… wish me luck ig  Also I love your vids! You’re really funny ❤
I tried Adderall first for my ADHD meds, and it worked really well for me, but it gave me the shortness of breath too. I then went to the non-stimulant Strattera but the only thing it did for me was delete my hunger so I barely ate. I'm unmedicated now but starting to work with an actual psychiatrist to figure it out as it's sooooo annoying to live with
I kinda relate to ya in a way, I have autism so I live a somewhat different life than others. I lose focus easy too but not like ADHD. I hope that you can do something to help ya… by the way I’m subbed
I realized the amount of medications I've been taking was... Really bad, more like an overdose on how much I was choking on. I believe due to how much I was taking it was conflicting with other medications that it literally changed my personality and and made me even more depressed. It made me a bad person where I was quite unstable as a person. Now I'm not really on them anymore, I'm willing to learn to control my ADHD and learn to focus without medicine, so far it's been great for me, I've been barely having negative thoughts due to me distracting myself to make me happy, coping, also been trying to get along with distracted thoughts and try steering myself onto the right track which makes me multitask which helps a lot. Idk man, maybe medication wasn't just meant for me.
I take ADHD and Autism medication. And i do have both ADHD and Autism. And i take the medication so i dont end up going crazy or end up being disrespectful.
2+2 is two two.
Wow🎉
I'm from Poland and that polish song at the beginning (0:00) really did cut me off guard 😂 Great and funny video, keep it up 😊
Meds are bad. Learn to treat yourself with fitness and play to you strengths
As a Concerta user, I find it help narrow my thoughts into a more cohesive path…. But I haven’t eaten lunch in like 5 years
Sounds like the Vyvanse was too high a dose. The same thing happened to me but with Adderall, and I didn't bring it up til years later. Psychiatrist was immediately like "if you said so sooner, we would've lowered the dose"
polish cow!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
7:20  i take my meds when i feel like it.
I have severe adhd. Worst the doctors here have seen. And I can still sit down and force myself to focus. The trick is to focus on one thing unrelated to others. Get into it. And then distract yourself with the chore. Don’t be like “ok I gotta do chores now” be more like “huh, that’s dirty, imma pause this and clean it real quick”. It could even take several hrs but for me if I’m doing something to get back to laziness it seems to go way faster and get done better. I’d say try it. What I get into is reading a book or watching a YouTube video. Then my eyes will wander and I’ll see something like trash needing to be taken out of the dishes need to be done. Getting that done to return to my book makes it go faster but you still gotta actually do it know
I use equasym 50mg and It is good but sometimes pretty tiring
Concerta and ritalin are the same base medication, the difference is that concerta is long release and lasts all day but ritalin is quick release and lasts half the day
this does’nt feel real even when i know it is😭😂
I have ADHD to but hyperactive type
My whole personality shifted when i used to take adhd meds. Tbh I didn’t like it.   My friends literally said they could tell if i was on or off them.
2+2 had me crying 😂
Ritalin has been a boon for me, but I might ask about Adderall to see if it's a better fit, just to make sure I'm getting what I need, same with Vyvanse
The beginning HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I CAN'T, I C . A . N . ' T . ! . ! . ! . 😂☄⚰⚱
This happens all the time and when I told my family members they didnt believe me and I believed I didn't have ADHD for awhile
Sh*t  I have all the listed ADHD symptoms
I was Diagnosed with ADHD when i was like 10-12 and was prescribed Adderall to help me with schoolwork and chores, it worked wonders for a while after we found the perfect dose. Then my doctor upped the dosage again... and then again. She did it 4 times in total and by the time my mother realized this was not a good thing to do I was a walking zombie who constantly felt ants in my shoes (Dunno why, it just felt like something was crawling in my shoes whenever I took the medication). Luckily the dosage that made me feel that way was given to me in the summer so I didn't deal with this sensation in class. My mother ended up just cutting me off the drug and I slowly returned to the energetic and highly distractable kid I was. My grades did dip slightly though because I was no longer focused, so that was a shame. I'm 23 now and still as distractable (Maybe even more so) as I was as a kid.
What's funny is, I quit Adderall 60mg cold turkey, and I had no adverse effects. Like none
Desozyn is literally methamphetamine
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.   Yeah, that should just about cover it.
Relatable. Have you tried concerta?
My gf had the test cause of you. Thanks bye
Having an adhd brain myself I can say   This video is yes of all
As I take surdep,Ritalin and contrymal i can relate to this
poor guy just wanted to watch his polish cow :(
I love how the meds basically deleted myself robbing me of creativity and everything
Ello
I used to take Concerta, and I'm already a relatively small person, but I lost a *ton* of weight. Now, I'm on Vyvanse, and I'm doing a lot better now :)
Speaking on my own experience and absolutely not offering any advice: My own psych told me that ADHD meds are the kind of thing you can take on an as-needed basis, just take them on the days that you need to focus but skip em when you want to chill. They have a short-term effect and it’s not the same as an antidepressant where you have to build up a therapeutic level of medication in your system and maintain that level, whereby quitting them suddenly will cause severe symptoms. I AM NOT A DOCTOR THOUGH! Just a mentally ill guinea pig regurgitating what I’ve been told!  I’m glad to hear of someone else experiencing the carousel of different ADHD meds, it’s so frustrating that none of them ever give the intended effect. It’s also cool to hear about how they specifically affect you because I’m very bad at identifying how medication affects myself, but the part about going into hyperdrive with tasks but still not being able to focus thoughts feels like a very accurate description of how I was on similar meds.  I think that part of my issue is that among all of the classic ADHD signs and symptoms, I actually do NOT have the caffeine resistance that most others do. I found it interesting that you got an actual EEG as part of your diagnosis and I wonder if that would help me with my treatment plan! I’m very sensitive to caffeine and also very sensitive to ADHD meds, they keep me up at night and also sometimes make my heart beat way too fast (which I’ve told my psych and primary doctor, but they don’t seem to care about my cardiac health 🥲)
Enjoyed my meds at first but after a while I just didn’t feel like me soooo I stopped
Is autism like ADHD? Just wondering
God is so strange to know exactly what you where talking about at all times without having taken meds.  Like, you could just lock on to ADHD states for a day or two.   But hey, same, it’s still really hard to be sometimes.
I got ya guys on the polish cow  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4VOaGsUsTE
i love the fact he captures what i went through early on and its cool to see what it was like for him
I have ADHD too
.... I had the exact same experience... Atm I search for a new solution...
Pretty accurate description of Vycanse. You will become hyperfocused on whatever you are doing. Luckily I have people around me to help remind me to focus on the right things. Overall its been pretty great. The first day I took it was insane. I had trouble catching my breathe and a fast heart rate. I started off too high at 50mg though. We went down to 30 and worked back up to 50 and Im at 50 now. I assume my doctor started me off at 50 because maybe I have severe adhd? Idk.
I've gone though all of these
What animation platform do you use for your videos❔
i dont do medication. i have hyperactivity and my thoughts overlap also but i know everything even 2 days later. so I have a very full head. I learned with the time that i need knowledge input and so i got into programming and studying it now. with all this input i can really chill out while i am learning. kinda stupid but really nice tho.
i reeeeeallllyyyyy like your videos but It would be really great if you'd do a video of ADD :D
This similar experience happened to me w/ vyvanse I just do my best with impulse control to be productive with my YouTube channel and a white board with a schedule works and a task list you check off and clear every week as well
This just happened to me I came on to yt to look for clips for my edits and I saw this video now I'm in the loop
Adhd with meds that work for you is like having a bunch of hyper-intelligent squirrels running computers. A few get done things done, but most are just running around. The meds are the new supervisor with a net who is strict and determined to get these squirrels to behave. Initially, most of the squirrels are spooked and cause havoc, but a good portion gets with the program. Eventually, most of the squirrels are working on the computers, and the ones that don't get with the program sometimes distract the workers, but it's usually manageable.
I think I tried vivance as a kid and my dad saw me watching TV for an hour straight without blinking
vyvanse is literally perfect for my adhd tho😭 I feel so much more productive and my grades immediately improved but I also lost so much weight bc of the side effects
Sometimes when my coworkers are talking I just leave mentally idk where I go but I come to and I’m just like yeah no fucking what
I had very similar experiences with vyvance. My problem ended up being that my body couldn’t handle the stimulant part of the medication. My doctor suggested stretara. Probably the wrong spelling but whatever. I have since stopped taking it because I still have the adhd issue of no consistent routines, but I highly suggest asking your doctor about it because it did wonders for me when I did take it consistently.
I'm eating a Ice cream sandwich
Every time I hear someone talk about how their ADHD 'feels', I can't relate... But I do check a lot of the symptom boxes...
This is hilarious and relatable so thanks
ADHD makes you feel like a 4 year old I speak from experience
I took Concerta and Ridellan for my whole school life  Concerta really helps me focus on what I need to get done and Ridellan gives me the physical motivation to do those things  I did not take these together. Concerta was taken in the morning to help me with my classes where as Ridellan was taken in the afternoon when I had PEN had to walk home he gave me physical boost I will also add, I have severe ADHD, and a bit of autism since I was 6 years old and would be put on the highest dose. They were legally allowed to give me and some extra
So I was on meds for my acne, I started taking the meds (they did not work) then I could just feel all the dust that was around me and it started to freak me out because I had to sleep on the couch, I took a shower like four times in one day and I could feel dust bunnies in my bed like it was horrible 😥
Am I the only one who tried methylphendate, amphetamine etc. But realized that only atomoxetina works.
for me it was 5mg of ratlin than 10 after that 15
in the beginning you explained my experience with my meds perfectly. with my meds (concerta) im able to do physical tasks but i just cant sit down and focus on anything that isnt getting up and doing stuff, it almost makes me more restless than without my meds lmao
Bro i can't even focus on your video while having +10 tabs open and talking with friends and reading manga I have to look at it again haha
My experience with this, so basically, when I first took these drugs I was 9 (yes I took drugs at 9) and basically, (can we have a basically counter?) I had this thing that worked, but only worked for one hour a day, then I was back to AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA, so then I basically got something else, two a day, it worked, then It stopped working, and I had to basically get another thing (a purple cilinder that i chewed, and a white one that I swolloed whole) and it worked, but I ate less, that’s fine right? Oh and I also had trouble sleeping so I take meltonin now and basically the thing is: once I’m into something, I won’t stop until I’m done.
My medication, Buproprion has helped me a bit. It’s not for that, but it worked out for me. I also have fidget toys and a fidget ring to help me focus. Those help more than the medication. I distract myself to focus
I sometimes forget how getting free medication (provided by the governments healthcare) is a blessing... I'd be fucking dead at this point lmao 😭😭
5th time I've watched this and it's the first time I made it to the end
As a person with ADHD and Autism, I can 100% confirm that this happens and l do take those meds.
Concerta is the only one i took, and it so strange i know that i had ADHD since years but i was scare taking meds (for my defens i was 11😭). So i just forgot about it. But rencently it got... worst? Anyway, i start taking concerta (i'm 15) but only when i have school days. Why, beceaus the first time i take it i had a whole breakdown beceause i could not do 3 or 4 things a the time and how everything was so slow.
sometimes i take 2 meds just bcuz i dont feel like giving a shit about ppl im tellin ya take two 54 mg concerta bro makes you think should i jump from this window or not and thats the only thing you think about all day
0:47 drug
i think i’ve have ADHD i’m scheduling a meeting with a psychiatrist soon, but man hearing u talk about how u could actually get stuff done with adderall sounds so strange and foreign to me, i wonder what that feels like.
in have adhd
my ADHD lead me to binge watching your video instead of doing my hoemwork
Adderall sucked, and my adopted parents used it against me, every time my grades slipped they would up my dosage, I was on 50 milligrams when I was in 8th grade and I only weighed 80 pounds because it was also suppressing appetite
Meds didn’t work on me either so I just learned to cope with it and embrace that this is how I am I don’t like medication to begin with cause none of its natural. (Vaccines are different everyone needs to vaccinate. Maybe not Covid but that’s a different topic) I’d rather have the issues I have now that I’ve lived with for years then take some medication.
Bro this guy just explained what I've been feeling with Adderall (I just restarted my medication because college hard) and I can focus in classes, clean my dorm, and get a bunch of other stuff done. but my homework is still just as hard to sit down and focus on.
This video is amazing! I am currently trying to figure out how to balance my meds as well for ADHD
Meds worked for me until they stopped and then they kept upping the dosage. I also got very depressed while on them and my mood swings were bad. I’m off of them now but I wish I had tried something else
I have somehow come to a conclusion rather I would say to an acceptance that I have ADHD and I have to live with it and not against it! a few months back I was extremely sick but my blood report came out good, at that time I went to a different doctor and he said that I think too much so he gave me some meds and SURPRISE SURPRISE those meds made my mind quiet, that was the first time I experienced being a neurotypical person but but but the one thing I noticed was that I was extremely sad because my thoughts were not there, they always kept me entertained either it be positive or negative. Having no voices in my brain made me go insane. IDK what those meds were but they sure did make me appreciate my ADHD brain and I have come  to a conclusion that I AM BUILT DIFFERENT and I m happy with this, though it does get overwhelming sometimes but I have started to let it be   BTW RN I M COMMENTING THIS INSTEAD OF STUDYING FOR MY TWO MIDTERMS WHICH IS TOMORROW :) [and that folks is ADHD]
I used to take Vyvanse until I started experiencing the Crash. I did some research and found that high protein diets are very good for ppl with adhd & tested it out. So far it’s working for me. Nothing crazy like being on legal meth BUT it’s going good! If you’re looking to maybe take a break from meds or just curious, i would recommend trying out a high protein diet for two weeks and see how you feel.
Fantastic video. You really hit the nail on the head when it comes to ADHD and being medicated.
I show alot of symptoms, and my Mom  noticed but she refused to get me diagnosed because "She was a nurse" and "knew i had it" because i was her daughter.  She ordered these focus pills for ADHD (i don't know what they were), amd she gave me one. And one of my friends said that "I was snappy but focused. But i didn't seem like myself" and i flet like i was out of my body and emotionless.  And that was just from one pill. I them told my mom she could keep them, and to never give me whatever that was again.
I used to take Vyvanse and Ritalin until it got too expensive to keep taking the Vyvanse
ok so. does anyone share my love of berries and cream for dessert. be honest and true. it’s actually really good. try it.
So Vyvanse made me wanna kill myself while I was taking it… I stopped taking it
My boyfriend is the cutest version of this. Wanna distract him easily ? Just ask him some intriguing, science question.  Ex: I wonder if there are animals with 2 noses?   He will stop everything and refuse to do anything else until that question is answered 🤣
My mom assumed I’d have adhd because I was born with a HIGH lvl of cr*ck coke in my system (not joking, highest level my city ever saw, birth mom did it 15 mins before I was born). I was medicated at 14 for it when she saw I was failing all my classes. I took vyvanse, and it flipped a switch went from all Fs to straight As. 🧍🏾‍♀️until I started to quit eating because a side effect is appetite loss and I dropped 20 lbs in a month and was underweight. Nothing else worked for me. And here I am 4 years later back on vyvanse, finally eating. Lemme say I don’t take it ALL the time, only when I need to focus because my dr said if not it eventually loses effectiveness. Now currently I don’t enjoy taking it, I zone out when I’m with friends and don’t talk much and drift off. Which is strange cuz I listen and focus in class. But they say I’m too quiet and distant when I’m on em. That being said, I’ve seen what happens when ppl don’t take meds they need and I’ve seen how it’s hurt my nephews (totally diff situation their moms bipolar and dislikes her meds and they’re living with us again for the 6th time since I’ve been alive). One of them has adhd as well, but his is DEFINITELY worse. And he’s seen her not like taking meds so he was spitting them and hiding em, so by taking mine I’ve gotten him to start actually taking his, after doing a military shake down to see if he hid anywhere 💀
is adhd med a thing hoppgfully and is it in the uk
yes
when i took venvanse it was ok but i had lots anger issues  now i have conserta :) im calmer now lol
This is the only channel where I don’t skip the built in ads they’re still so entertaining lol
I have ADHD and multiple times I have had hour long conversations of someone telling me something I lose focus and say what? And repeat… FOREVER…
okay but can you let me finish the cow video 😭
caffeine can help with ADHD in some cases. That could be a Good option, Because its worked for me, but it could just flat out fail.
My Medicated ADHD is multitasking in a nutshell.
I want to see the full cow video D:
what's the video at the start
i do take meds for adhd tho
walta w ned to make meth walta walta we can make it into adhd meds walta
If you were gonna go on meds again id suggest you try Ritalin if you have not already there are some side affects but it helps with both doing stuff and focusing
medication is cool but at some point you just have to train yourself to life with it (its actually possible to fix nearly everything with hard work on yourself, meditation etc.)
Adhd=😙😗☺️😏😗😘😏😘😅😗🤭😆🫢☺️😗🤣😗☺️😚😙😚☺️😘😗🤗🤩😆😘😗☺️😚☺️😙🫢😚☺️🤗😘😗🤩😗😆😘😅☺️cos I have adhd
it's a tricky thing, the medication side of ADHD is it's own thing
I wonder how many people unsubbed purely because 7:51
0:41 the pixel near the bottom left is bothering me
I basically have adhd at this point.even though i dont (My shower thought)
U just have to find the righ 1
I like reading books but is fuckin hard to focus, my brain just start thinking a lot of  stuff and when I realized my day is over
I tried Vyvanse, i agree its way to much focus, Vyvanse is definitely not for everyone its one of those meds that can work real good for you or real bad, after taking it for a little while i started having pain in my chest my heart was beating so fast that i could feel it and i suddenly felt very tired but even if i got very tired i wouldnt be able to sleep, its not the greatest option but its a option. I dont recommend it unless alot of other meds dont work for your adhd
The thing with psychological meds is that, instead of being "oh this cures that," it's "oh this might help you or it will make everything worse, but we don't know until we try it... so bottoms up!"
Cheers I had forgotten my meds thanks for reminding me
adderall made me very angry. my mom genuinely thought i had the capability to kill someone, plus mix that with insomnia due to my adhd. i got put on qelbree which is a non stimulant that helps with focus and impulsivity and it works soooo well
2:24  Wait… that isn’t normal…?
I took vivace at one point
Is no one going to talk about the cow in the beginning?!
Idk if this matters but when my parents said when I was littel and diagnosed they were scared because the doctors said wow and said I have severe adhd and even medicated it’s still noticeable and there
me sitting on my pc to learn how to sculpture better in 'blender' and i ended up wathing cartoony vids for 30 mins already lol
I litterally laughing the first time i open the video and found poland cow dancing which is not a something normal people know
OH I AGREE 1000%
Polish Cow is haunting me
My meth pills seem to work very well. But boy do I feel like shit when I forget to take them.
I've got adhd and i use 27 mill of conserta and im switching to a more powerful one thats over a hundred euros   Update this is future me its f*ckin 2€ A PILL
I once had medicine for my adhd that made me high.
Tbh it took me 2 years to get on the right medication that helps me. After finding more undeleying issues that are tied to adhd but after the 2 years of trial and error. Im fantastic after 2 years now. It wont be prefect first med or the second normally it just comes with trial and error.
This is a pretty good example of why meds aren’t much help without contextual scaffolding.  Also you might want to try reducing the vyvanse dose and seeing if it stabilizes the fatigue issues.
ADHD is ADHD with or without a pill 💊 hope the pills work out stay strong 💪 😊
Intuniv really solves the side effects for me. It slightly lowers your blood pressure and pairs really well with Adderall. I have low blood pressure and the combo works really well for me.
I have autism and adhd, I find methylphenidate helps me focus but it can go between working and meh. So just be werry I know the pain it only gets worse 《:
is the heat death of the universe something i need to worry about
So basically, this second med that he tried is just hyperfocus.
Sure i will unsubscribe rn– Wait i'm not even subscribed in the first place 😂
HOLD ON IM TAKING METH!??
adhd meds is basically “you don’t have enough dopamine so i will shotgun you in the face with some
i took adhd meds for 2 weeks but stoped because  .kept me up all night .gave me migraines .made me feel dizzy .kept forgetting where i was .dulled my senses     taste smell and hearing
ok but who has the link to that dancing cow video
I find blasting music while doing tasks can really help me
I have adhd level 2 and I don’t take pills lol
See I wanna try medication but I keep finding it hard to actually try and get diagnosed.
when im on my adhd medication i feel empty inside
was eventually found to be wrongly diagnosed with adhd as a kid, later got...undiagnosed? ig? and uh ive taken ritalin before as well as concerta. what i found was that ritalin was...ok i guess but when the effects started to end, at the end of the day, i would have zero energy, and be completely silent, like a zombie. with concerta it was better but i had basically zero appetite while the pills were in my system. there was also a point when i was really young where i would take this like...bubblegum flavored stuff? idk, was liquid. anyway thats my experience with adhd meds before i got undiagnosed
meth…
Great video, but I always feel the need to correct people when they refer to meth when speaking about stimulant ADHD meds. Medications such as Concerta, and Ritalin (Methylphenidate) have "meth" in the name, but it is not Meth.  Methamphetamine as a street drug is different and they have entirely different molecular make ups. They are both stimulants but not the same. Adderall (dextroamphetamine) and Vyvanse (Lisdexamfetamine) are amphetamines, as is crystal meth, but they have important differences and are made of different amphetamine salts.  It's an easy mistake, but it does a disservice to those needing medication for the ADHD or for trying to decide if meds are the right path for them when it is compared to street drugs. Also, many(not all) medication for ADHD is time released, meth is not. Time release options make it difficult to abuse these medications if non ADHD people get their hands on them, and lowers the risk of negative side effects
Wait, what? The doctor gave you adderall on the first try? You might be lucky because I’ve known people who have faced huge hardship in trying to get effective medication (basically having to try every other medication). Hoping this works for you long term! ❤️
Vyvanse is great for me.... except the lack of creativity. I can't take it if I need to be creative.  The reduced hunger thing is fine, I needed it. I tend to do emotional eating and fog eating, so it's cut that down to nil. I just have to be more intentional with eating lunch.
Im using ritalin, is really good :)
On the contrary dude, you SHOULD stop taking the meds (Stimulants only) when you don't need them.  Stimulants are a dopamine load, you have twice the dopamine today, but tomorrow you'll have nothing. You have to pay the dopamine debt in order to reduce resistance. For example, don't take it in the weekends, you' are going to sleep a lot, but you'll feel like new on monday.  If you don't take a rest you'll go into bankruptcy once you stop taking it because it doesn't work anymore, the withdrawal symptoms are going to be very bad.  Stims works immediately, they doesn't have to build up in your system like antidepressants (Those are different, you should never stop taking them during treatment, the withdrawal symptoms are going to show one week or two later and you'll never know what happened).  Just use stims them when you need them to be productive and you'll be fine for a longer-term.  I couldn't get treatment for ADHD in my 3rd world country, the last s* doctor told me as a joke that if I want treatment I should buy it in the street.  And so I did , I've been using "street addy" 🎩🔷 for the whole year and it was the best year of my life, but it's like turning up the stove with gasoline instead of a lighter, I have to be extremely careful in order to not f* up my life, everything is measured, I take rests, and well, what is supposed to be dry white crystals, comes usually in funny colors with oil.  But that's what I have.  That, is truly something you should never do, one bad step and you go to jail. :D  But I take rhe risk, it saved my life, gave me a lot of friend's ñ, experiences, 2 raises in my job, I had the motivation to go to the gym and box and now I'm strong AF.  If I abuse it I can handle two jobs while going to the gym and then go to a party and then start working again, it's crazy when you use it for good.  And personally, I'll change the rest of my life for 10 years living like this, I dont have any good experience or friend or memory or achievement from my first 30 year's of life, only regrests and guilty for not finishing the school for being distracted and lazy and sad and you know. It's like a dream and now I feel alive for the first time in my life.
I have adhd and its just like this
wow that kinda sound like my brain hmm nah
I have ADHD and am also medicated
I take vivance. My problem is that if I don’t take it my sleep really sucks. I have a problem with my heart and I already get out of breath but it makes me realize how fast and hard my heart beats if I’m not on task or listening to a lecture. I can breathe better with it but my heart beat is very noticeable in my ears and chest
You know those exercises where its like "you are a stream and your thoughts are fish look at the fish but dont interact" ADHD is kinda it but you are actively hunting the fish and they are sly lil sickos
Idk how many times ive watched this vid after knowing ice cream sandwich i weirdly feel soothing whenever im watching this lol
What is the song in the intro?
In 0:02 what is the cow thing
Andy emits chaotic-good energy and im here for it
So Adderall made me sleep, and i mean sleep for over 24+ hours at a time.
idk if i have ADHD but I'm currently watching this video while looking up wings at 4am despite knowing that all of these wing places are closed :')
Your friends voice is mmm~ Just mmmmm~
After breaking the laptop I would cry and say sorry for 4 hours. My dad would probably break mine too.
The problem with ADHD isn't that we have a DEFICIT of attention: it's our inability to REGULATE our attention. Our brains learned at an early age that "if you stop thinking about the painful thing and pay attention to something else, you don't feel as bad" and this became our MO for the rest of our lives.  Habits do help, if we make them cozy enough: I basically give myself full permission to "waste" the entire first hour of my office job by getting comfortable, checking email, putting on music I like, journaling, etc, because I know that throwing myself into climbing Stress Mountain first thing in the morning will make me lose all hope of being productive for the rest of the day. (Trying to escape feelings of shame is one of the biggest triggers for my distractibility, so I've tried to make my experience as shame-free as possible. And it has actually helped. I'm also lucky enough to work for a supportive company.)  Regarding meds, Dexedrine works for me. Adderall made me feel and act like a robot. (I know they're essentially the same drug. This is just what I found.) Between good habits and effective meds, I'm... most of the way there ;) but I'm always interested in learning more.
I did a school project on ritall. its called methylphenudate and yes i do know how to say it irl. if I'm wrong, don't correct me
Literally attempting to watch this and do homework at once, but im currently only succeeding in watching this
This is the same way I feel about my anxiety meds. But I’m really bad about getting fed up with my brain playing emotional ping pong and stopping my meds.
I guss this song is also a representation of adhd
I take concerta, its methylphenidate so I take controlled meth and then it makes me focus. However I just had a bad experience as (DONT DO THIS) I stopped taking my meds for about 2 months and then took one pill when I went to work. I had not been able to sleep until 3 am that night. so from 11 am to 3 am I was so wired I had the symptoms you did. My dosage is so high now that I cant stop taking it randomly so that that never happens again
Moral of the story is stop letting doctors sell you meds you dont need. The world is being run by drug companies destroying the youth. Anyone who hasn't noticed this is probably already on the medication.
I just noticed I was picking at my shirt for like 79% of the video and lost what you said
no way me too
ADHD is a sypmtom of intelligence. Except in my case because I am both stupid and ADHD.
man one time i took adhd meds and i was pearlized  wasnt fun.
hey! I was really excited when you talked about Vyvanse, I rushed over to my dad and played the clip for him and convinced him that its not just me, and other people taking Vyvanse have the same issues, so me and my ADHD dad were both very excited and happy to finally figure that out! so thank you so much! I am now taking a member of the Vyvanse family called dexmethylphenidate. it really helped me out, it works like Vyvanse but just without so MUCH focus + less bad side effects like dry mouth, headaches, shortness of breath, and loss of appetite. now me and my dad aren't taking the same meds anymore but at least our meds are cousins lol. hope this helped! lol also, that space document thing happened to me but with fish, i now own around 5 fishes planning to get more, maybe even a spider or some sorta reptile...and i have over 50 perfectly organized and matching folders on every single animal that has ever crossed my mind filled to the brim with information and articles all about these fish and other cool animals, im now a crazy exotic animal lady lol!
Currently sick and not on meds and it took me like 15 minutes to watch this because I kept getting distracted by the sudoku I had open.
Concerta extended release has done me well for the past 15 odd or so years. I then discovered thc. which was able to help reduce the anxiety from concerta, as well as learn how to refocus. I never take them at the same time, as suggested from my therapist, but I now am able to be mindful of myself and observe the world around me, and more importantly, observe myself - how my body is reacting to medications or other outside influences on myself. Still in a bit of an inbetween, where the adhd meds can make me hyperfocused, but it takes experience to disassociate on command. I now have a semi-happy balance of focus and distraction. when there is a high priority I make sure that comes first - but sometimes I optimize for time. like I am right now - but realize that in of itself causes me stress, so I'm back and forth a bit. BUT beyond that - I think concerta is a good one long term. only major downside is slight loss of appetite, but the mental clarity is good.
MIN - MAX
the way this video described what goes on in my brain so accuratelyyyy, mwah, chefs kiss *replays 8 trumpets at the same time*
ayo im getting vyvanseee because it will make me less anxietied :D
As someone with ADHD I would like to ask for that cow dancing clip.
Try Wellbutrin and/or strattera. They both treat adhd but work on other brain chemicals besides dopamine. I take both and they are way more tolerable than Ritalin was for me.
0:47
showing my doctor this now lol
ADHD is rewinding this video to keep watching the cow dance
the thing people who take ADHD meds need to understand is, your meds do not give you energy. they give you the motivation to do things that give you energy. so if you dont have a plan of what you are going to do after you take your meds to gain the energy.
I have ADHD and 5 months ago i tried some meds, and they did made me focus but focus on my anxiety. That was a fun day :D
I love that cow sm😂 , ps I have adhd
Y’know I was just thinking, hey I’m a lot like that then remembered I DO have ADHD
also the amount of **p o l i s h c o w**
I use Qelbree because I have ADHD + Autism
Even thought, yes. It is a bad idea to go off of that medication. If you really have such bad adverse effects on you due to that medication, and you are unable to contact your doctor for whatever reason…. Only that time, when it’s soo bad you feel like death is right behind you. If you can manage without the meds for that week or so your doctor is unavailable, then only do so if absolutely positive those effects are incredibly detrimental. There are some people who went off their medication (rather than switching) who became unbearable humane beings afterwards *cough* (Dream Minecraft) I can assure you there is good medication that will help you without affecting you on such a deep personal or physical level, but do indeed help.
I don’t have ADHD, but I can’t remember peoples names, unless I interact with them more often, or they’re just in my life for a really long time. Like, I can remember Emily, Brandon, Corbin, Kevin, Liz, Courtney, and Gavin from my elementary/middle/high school days, because they’ve just been in the same class as me for a damn long time :S But I can’t remember anyone else besides Katelyn from those later high school days, but I still chat about with some old High school friends. Maybe that’s why discord is better, because that name is just…. There, or you have notes of that friends in case they change that username, or something.
Tried adderall and another adhd medication and I had all the symptoms, so I've been unmedicated since. I changed up my diet and thinking habits and it seems to work well enough for me.
i started taking methylphenidate again almost a year ago now, i was diagnosed with adhd when i was 8. as a kid that young i had no concept of a 'disorder' and was just like "ok whatever lol" when i was diagnosed. growing up, ive had a lot of trouble trying to understand myself, and i honestly forgot i had adhd for a bit. i didnt have anyone to help me cope or comprehend it. i never realized that it made such a big impact on my life, so when i was 10 i decided to do some research on it, and i realized very fast that pretty much all of the things i do have some sort of connection to my adhd. im a teen now, its gotten a lot better and im doing a lot of things now that i never thought i could do. i hope whoever reads this has an amazing day, and if you have adhd, please know that it doesn't make you any less worthy or important. no matter what you will always be worthy, and there is nothing wrong with you. thank u for listening 💯🔥
I’ve been taking Vyvance for 5 years, and I think last year, I’ve reported not getting focused fast enough, so I was prescribed a booster that gets me focused sooner. Now I sometimes forget to take the booster, but NEVER the Vyvance…I lost my train of thought
i just reacently found out that i have adhd and add
I live in the United Kingdom and I have the  ADHD  meds and it works really well
Put Adderall in me plz I have all the symptoms hhh can't wait to get diagnosed I do like 2 things a day
I have testing for ADHD in a couple weeks I pretty much KNOW I have it I want to try medication SO BAD because I feel like if it helps at all it will make things so much better. But I'm also terrified to try meds because what if they don't or barely help and I'm stuck like this :(
idk if I have it or not
I haven’t been medically confirmed of ADHD or dyslexia but my mum seems to think i have dyslexia and a bit of ADHD like most of my brothers one of them is dyslexic and another has ADHD :3
I have adhd too but I only pay attention and know stuff if it’s something I like
Gotta love that creeping suspicion that I might have ADHD based on the symptoms you named.  I can't focus on anything for the life of me.
Try weed 😂😂😂
Cow video https://youtu.be/rRPQs_kM_nw
2:38 is me all day
6:43 I had this too! I thought it was a bad reaction to coffee and concerta so I stopped drinking coffee at the same time I took my meds
I take focalin but one downside, if you don't eat something after you take it- you feel sick! Like stomach sick- and it reeeeeeally sucks. Sooooooooo that's my experience but I've only been taking this one so I have no other experience with others :3 but I haven't been taking it- and I can tell I'm off task a lot more than I should be
I really want to stress to others that ADHD medication will not work the same for everyone. The friend's heart was in the right place, but what could be mellow for one might not be so for another. Keep in mind what you want for yourself, and ask your medical professional what could get you closer to that result. And like he said, if something isn't working, or making you feel bad, please get that looked at.
What I learned since I had adhd diagnosed as a child then stopped and went back on was you still need to participate in doing productive things. As a child you don’t get it without supervision you don’t know you need to learn how to be productive, and learn an actual genuine interest in something is what will drive you.  The medication helps you stay alert on a task, but it won’t make you do it. The headaches could also be that you had too high of a dose too.
give him back HIS POLISH COW!!!!!!!
I literally love your videos. As someone with adhd, you really represented the condition well. Like it was very clear and relatable, and i learned a lot. So yeah ;-;
I’m sorry if this silly and has already been answered but what is the video with the dancing cow called because the song is catchy and I need to complete the very catchy ear worm or my brain will itch for a bit
Anyone else start hearing the 🎺
You completed this video, so
I also had to take some ADHD meds, for awhile tho. I don't know what the medication was, but whenever I took the medication I felt the same with or without taking the meds. However, when I DO rake the meds, I magically  finish my tasks when I first get them assigned (BTW, this was in 4th to 5th grade). But most of the time I didn't actually take the medication. One time when I was in a conference with my teacher and my parents (during 5th grade), she said that the medication was working I was doing what I was supposed to do:getting my work done. And then she proceeded to say to my parents that i didn't need to take my medication anymore just because I was now fine with my grades... so I didn't take the medication anymore. Now today, on my way to high-school, I haven't taken any medication for my ADHD and I don't think I will take them again. I also don't know what type ADHD I have soo...yeah! I also don't know how my parents knew I had ADHD or when they found out. Cause one day, out of the blue, my dad said I had to take this medication, AND I DIDN'T QUESTION IT. I also found out during 6th or 7th grade that I had ADHD. Ans it was my sister who told me about it. And I was SHOCKED about the news too.
I've been on Concerta for 14 years, not for adhd though but hypersomnia. It makes it so I wake up every morning instead of like, once a week.
ritalin works really well! i recommend it
I have been diagnosed with ADHD since I was like, 6 or 7, and me and my parents still can't find a strong enough medication. We've gone through, like 5 or 6 different medications and still moving higher. We tried Concerta and Adderall but we gave up on both of them in under 2 or 3 months. At this point I think I'm the embodiment of ADHD and there is nothing that will keep me controlled. This is how I feel everyday even MedIcated: 😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃😯😯😯😯😯😯😮😮😮😮😮😈😈😈😈😈😈😈
a lot of the symptoms you said about your adhd, i too, have a lot of those symptoms, Do i maybe have adhd?, if so, awesome :)
Btw autism can have those symtoms (some of them)
I got something called Atomoxetine... very passive... literally so passive that ya gotta wait like 6 weeks for full results... but that also means there's no spike and crash in attention span or focus. If you forget your meds once, it's not noticeable ... AT ALL!  and its effects.. for me.. are basically as if someone told you: "We noticed you got chaos there... we'll get that away.. okay?"  I've got 18 mg and have had experience with 25 mg... so I know what it felt like to overdose on it... not good.  Like... I don't just have 'pure' adhd... I got a combination of adhd and autism! And while atomoxetine removes ALL the adhd, it sorta amplifies the autism with increasing dosage.  At 25 mg, I could easily get launched into overstimulation.. the full package. - hyperventilation - stress to hell - trembling - sweating - eyes moving chaotically - crying my eyes out - inability to communicate - tunnel vision, stuck in my head screaming - sensitivity to touch (if anyone touched me I'd just collapse on the ground) - needing music, darkness and a lot of time to regain control over my body  unfortunately, the most intense overstimulation came during a job training ... which my instructor couldn't handle... and eventually ... I got terminated for reasons based entirely on autistic and adhd symptoms >:/
Instructions unclear, ended up subscribed
Not for nothing, but how the heck do you concentrate to animate, I have trouble doing it, sooo
I have Adhd
The beginning  song is polish cow and isn’t the most “ethical” I guess
This is terrible video. Like wayyy too much bad info that is spreaded thru this video
I've met a few people who had ADHD and began to workout and eat healthier because of it. Maybe doing intense workouts may help relax your mind and body, course it doesnt work for everyone but being healthy in general isnt a bad idea lol, and who knows it could actually help.
I had taken Concerta when I was a child with no bad side effects and then eventually outgrew the need for it, or so I thought. In 2017 I was prescribed 60mg methylphenidate PD and started to get Heart Palpitations and Headaches. I stopped using the medication and a week later I had a Stroke Event. While it was shown that there was a non-Cancerous Vascular Tumor located in the motor cortex was a major factor. I believe that the even was brought on cause of the initial reintroduction of ADHD medication. Since then as of January 9th I had brain surgery and all has been going well. Recovery is going well. Make sure you know the risks as well as the benefits.
The guy in the intro was a jerk and deserved to have his computer smashed.
I started with Vyvanse and then moved to methylphenidate, and I wish I could try Adderall, because the DO is what I have a hard time with
Most of my nine pills plus vitamins and probiotic pill are for my adhd. But, idk when or if I am ever going to be able to change to one pill.
I took biphentin it is a combo of those slow release and quick acting medications tho I had a massive dose by the end and it wass rough with the side effects. Do what works best for you though
This video genuinely made me laugh out loud. Usually I’m a silent viewer geez
Meth is good though
I love all your videos, but this one is by far my favorite… because I can relate
My friend is on Concerta and the way she describes it is, she's just Able to do things now. She never did laundry beforehand until she was swimming in dirty clothes, but when she started the Concerta, she just thought "oh, laundry needs to be done" and then she Did it.
I really appreciate the Polish Cow (the song is from Cypis), greetings from Poland :P
There's this 2 minutes ad and I'm not gonna skip it , even if it's boring? Lol , why am i so goddam great , learn from me guys , it's just ur 2 minutes but it'll help the creator so much , thank you ( writing this cuz this ad is really so long )
vyvanse made my brain silent and worked but oh my did it make me depressed and delete my whole personality
I have adhd man and I can’t focus on school or on eating bro and I whould just starve my self
The first day I was on Vyvanse, I crashed my car
A taco to me
You're not alone...... I have ADHD too
I take 10
I have adhdto
Yeah man, I get what you’re saying.  I was on ADHD medication at one point, but it caused me to never be hungry and also not get any sleep.  This stuff is definitely weird territory.
i should have been doing schoolwork for the last 3 hours. ive been watching videos on adhd and the consequences. my problem is making me know more about the problem without solving itself.
only just seeing this but I have had the luck of being diagnosed at a young age of 7. been on meds since. Adderall (3o mg )was  the most effective for me until it really started to impact my health recently ( the salts over a long period accelerated development of high blood pressure within 15 years).  had a child  in 2021 with my wife and its been great. Except the drop off for adderall is HARD. even if you are used to it and have had years to adjust and learn how you deal with it.  Enter Adzenys. Holy shit a game changer. The drop off is prolonged and steadier. It is still amphetamine but minus salts.  Vyvanse backfired horrendously for me like it did for you. Tried it again after a while of not taking it. Still backfired.
I think I do have ADHD maybe cuz I do my homework at night
As a narcoleptic who used to take adderall for additional wakefulness so I wouldn’t collapse from exhaustion in the afternoons and could actually get homework done, the low dose does NOT help. Like…more meth please doctor thank you. Now I’m on something different that actually works. I still have my stash of meth tho.
my experience w meds like literally exactly. try asking your psychiatrist about non-stimulants! worked fo me :]
Idk if you will see this but if you ever take vivans again, you could eat a snack before taking the pill and you won't get sick. But idk if it will work for you
Oh my f- ... quack. I am taking vyvanse and that exact thing is happening to me! the focus on the wrong thins and the breathing and shi, I already have a few health issues so i immediately was like "yeah nah, this is probably POTS." (yes im austalian) so like, but I'm in high school doing ATAR (what I need for Uni) so idk what to do ._.  'elp
Imagine being a grown ass man and agreeing to taking meds to "calm you down". High tier loser.
Cow go mooo
Please can someone tell me what is the name of the song at the beginning of the video? Bonus points for a link
im still waiting
Hey, 17 in Junior year with ADHD (technically what used to be ADD) and I’ve been taking Vyvanse I’d like to say since I was maybe 10??? And that whole exhaustion thing, way too real, it would specifically happen to me at the end of the day before I went to bed, though this might’ve been just due to a combination of this sleep medication I used to also take, (Which I decided to stop taking because it was terrible for me bc the sleep meds wouldn’t wear off by the time I woke up in the morning) But then later, when I was going to get my Driver’s license, my therapist suggests Adderall, and the idea is that I’d take it whenever I really needed to focus on something that day. The first few days I took Adderall, it just felt like a wayyyyyy stronger version of my normal Vyvanse, until the side-effects; anytime that tiredness from Vyvanse happened, I think I would describe it as a “bone-deep tiredness.” When that side-effect happened with the Adderall, it was combining that bone-deep tiredness with suddenly turning the bones in my legs into titanium and turning the gravity up from a 3 to a 6.5 or so; and my sleep meds did not play nice with it since mixing things *with* Adderall essentially doubles whatever you mixed it with. I can’t even speak for its effectiveness, because we stopped the pills before I could really compare them to Vyvanse, and I did tell my therapist about the terrible tiredness. Though the way I thankfully don’t have that tiredness with Vyvanse nowadays is by having terrible memory and just forgetting to take it sometimes. So side effects from long-term use don’t often have the time to begin.  Also, to expand upon that one comment about not caring for your needs because of Vyvanse, also very true! It got so bad for me at one point that in 7th to 8th grade my parents had to threaten to ground me if I went under 100 lbs because I literally just wouldn’t eat pretty much anything during the day. (For context, Vyvanse may cause loss of appetite and I unhealthily feed into that loss of appetite by ignoring my stomach growling.)
I was diagnosed at 7 at took meds till about 15  1/2. I'm now 17 and the biggest difference that I can tell is my lack of motivation to do anything. I also stutter more because my thoughts are faster than I can talk, but I don't think I'll ever go back to meds.
I take dexmathyalphenidate that might not be spelled correctly
ive been diagnosed with adhd for like 9 or 10 years and ive taken almost every common medicine out there; ive been on focalin, ritalin, and vyvanse. ritalin was my favorite out of all the meds ive taken but my doctor stopped prescribing it, im currently on vyvance and it doesnt work amazingly but its better than being unmediated. the only similarity of all of the meds ive taken is that they all destroy my appetite and i havent seen many people talk about that. i never feel hungry when im on my meds even tho my stomach will rumble and stuff, but if i eat i will get so sick to my stomach that i can function. most of the time my first meal of the day is dinner.
i like that you shared your experience in a more understandable manner. Ive been thinking i might have ADHD myself, but im not too sure. It could just be me being a lazy ass just addicted to my phone, which it probably is lol. But as i am financially (and otherwise) dependent on my parents still, i dont wanna burden them with psychiatrist fees, medication expense etc. So does anyone know any MAJOR symptoms as in if i have those then i DEFINITELY have ADHD sorta thing? Cause it would really help me thanks :)
ANOTHER ADHD FELLA THAT'S ALSO OBSESSED ABOUT THE POLISH COW
My adhd medicated or not is like there being me and between 6 and 42 (depending on the day) toddlers in my head all getting and losing control at random times but when I’m not on my meds it’s like I don’t have the energy to get back on track or take control and they take over but when I do take them it’s like nap time for them and I can finally work and focus, anyone else feel that way?
I have AdH... Ohhh look a bird!!
The whole meds debate is very interesting to me. Personally, concerta has changed my life. Before, school made me stressed, upset, and bored. I couldn't focus enough to learn, even though learning was my passion. Concerta has been my saving grace. Now, I can finally focus and I've gotten my passion for learning back. Be warned that medicine isn't a fix for everything - even with meds, it took me 2ish years before I cemented good habits in my life. What it comes down to is making the choice that is right for you and your body - it should be your choice to take them, not anyone else's.
ADHD has medications?
"Don't forget to unsubscribe-wait" click
I have ADHD and i take Concerta  For me thoigh when i first took whitford i. Felt depperesed  Btw i cant spell
Anyone know where I can find this song? Can't get it out of my head
I have trouble focusing as well! And I forget people's names Midway in a conversation as well.
*sometimes* i forget the names of friends I've known for years
I can tell when I forget to take my meds because I get a specific feeling that I can only describe as being super restless but also having no motivation to do anything at all and it’s the god damn worst. Cant go to bed because I’m tossing and turning so much and staying still is pretty much a fictional concept at this point but I cant get anything done because I have no desire to do anything and wouldn’t be able to focus long enough anyways.
i love your videos icecreamsandwich your little guy is so cute just so so cute and you are very funny your videos make me very much happy keep it up :]
https://youtu.be/rRPQs_kM_nw 0:06
I hope you’ve had a good day so far 😊
Hey I'm not an expert, but I've heard that there's a natural solution to ADHD among other "issues". Eat what you eat. It's nothing personal it's just the food nowadays, (carbs especially) aren't as healthy as they should or would normally be. All snacks, prepared food, even some fried foods have "bad oils". Cottonseed Oil, vegetable oil (soybean) aren't actually good and cause lots of inflammation. Which can lead to so many health issues. Even mental focus. If you eat more meat, like steak, bacon, eggs, some veggies, broccoli, etc you will feel much better. It can even be a vitamin deficiency. Sometimes you just need more vitamins. Because unnatural remedies will have unnatural side effects
Don’t forget to unsubscribe… Wait
what i do to manage my adhd is to literally just drink monster energy drink. it helps me stay focused on a task for some reason?? apparently caffeine does not make ppl with adhd hyper, but instead helps with concentration
Something like this happended to me TWICE. I ws taking meds for my depression, but see I'm also bipolar and i have anxiety so not a lot of meds work for ALL of that. So one time after trying out  3 other different types of meds already i started having a really bad reaction. I was so itchy and dizzy, but I just kept telling myself i have to just get used to the meds. Little did I know I was having an allergic reaction. -__- The second time I decided I wasn't going to do that to myself again so when I started having a bad reaction to another medication (this was 5 tries of meds in now) I just stopped. AND BOY WAS THAT THE WORST DECISION EVERY. I started hallucinating SO BAD and my dreams were so awful, i was having waking nightmarres. It was insanse..I thoguht I was losing my mind. NEVER EVER EVERY DO THAT. You're supposed to wean off and for that medication it actually took 3 weeks to get out of my system. awful.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam k*ksu 5 gram odlecieć sam, w krainę zapomnienia, w głowię myśli mam kiedy skończy się ten stan, gdy już nie będe sam, bo wjedzie biały węgorz.
drug
that explains why my mind is always floating in the air
2:22 … do i have ADHD? i do this literally 24/7. i live off of lists. if its not on the list, i dont do it. i tehre are times i firget to shower for days…
Anyone got a link to that cow dancing video?
i have adhd and tried meds, concerta, and idk what happened but after like a week, everytime i felt The Focus, i just, felt bad. even with other adhd meds it kept happening, so idk what happened here but i guess my body simply doesn't like being off adhd
I was diagnosed when I was very young and tbh this video actually helps me understand why things and why the way I think happens  I’m currently not medicated for my adhd but I might ask if I can go on medication when school starts up again so I can focus more but I like not being medicated tbh (This video speaks to me on a very personal level thank you c:)
I have adhd.  I feel normal now
As a person who also has ADHD I have the same experience, I was on meds cause I couldn't focus and I was a danger to myself and others... yeah, but by the time I turned 14 I had heard from a lot of people that I seem much calmer and quieter. Frankly I didn't like that cause I want to be myself and not someone my meds force me to be so I stopped. Later I decided to use my ADHD to my benefit and in that way I got a sense of control over it that made me super productive(as long as I could focus). I am still off my meds and everything is great.
this video does not at all describe my experiences with concerta but i still grew to despise concerta for different reasons
Guh 👁👅👁
As someone with 80 hds I can confirm this is correct
I used to have medication that worked fine for me, but then  the stupid goverment said: "yeah, lets make it illegal. That is a good idea." well, let me tell ya, IT WASN'T
You should really try concerta
I've been taking Vyvanse for most of my life...  I learned that I had ADHD since I was really young and it started when my Daycare teacher went up to either my mom or both of my parents and, I'm not joking when I say this, thought I was mentally disabled (which it turns out I was but I didn't know that until last year), but they took to me a doctor and I was diagnosed with ADHD...  Sometimes I do stop taking it mainly during the summer because...  1. I heard that it stunts my growth and when I didn't take it for a whole summer the doctor told me that because of it I'm going to be taller than I originally was...I don't know if that's true but whatever...  2. My Dad and myself have noticed that when I take it I'm not in a happy jumpy mood and instead look and act miserable...  Right now I only take it when I know I'll absolutely need it...
yea vyvanse was cool, except when it wasnt, completely stopped my metabolism causing me to gain 50 pounds in a week, put me in the hospital because your heart cant handle that drastic of a change with your body then also fuck up my kidneys, yay
ADHD hyperfixation is super weird. Wow, this is the best thing ever. A week later, why did I like that game, food, whatever? 6 months later. WOW, why did I ever stop this thing before?  On the bright side. Energy drinks can help you focus and even get to sleep better (try explaining that to anybody without ADHD) and they are cheaper than most meds and come in a variety of flavors.
I'm in tricky situation i'm medicated since 6 month (concerta 18 lp) and i have secondary effect like insomnia, headpain, no eat, heavy anxiety. I was a heavy consumer of cannabis and it's the best medication in my case. Reduce anxiety, ability to focuse correlty, eat, social activity. But I live in France and it's illegal to use cannabis for medicinal reason. I think to leave France to found a country more medical open-mind  like canada, Netherlands, swiss...
self discipline worked for me 🤷‍♂️
What's the name of that song with the dancing cow? Anyone? Help🥲
I agree with this (I was on vivance I think and it made me not eat like at all and also don’t forget I just felt off like I did not feel like I was me so I got off)
I've never seen any of your videos before, but I couldn't stop trying to figure out what those three things were on your head lol
ICS is now officially a crack addict
I got autism, was diagnosed by a social worker when I was like 4, I probably should look into meds in the future. My brain is the equivalent of having multiple personalities, but all of the personalities are the same person.
I love it. I’ve been medicated for about a year, and adderall has never been more expensive…the only pills I could get nowadays make me more hyperactive than a hyena who ate three pound of cocaine…
It sucks cuz I can’t take adhd meds. Makes me dissociate :(
I totally get it.  took me 3.5 years to find the right combo.  Fortunately I was in a situation that I was able to do be mentally shot for 4 years.  most people just don't have the time or environment to be able to do that.   people have work, people have school, people have a life.   in the end I am on 3 different meds + bp meds.  I still am not ok, but I am on a very tolerant level of not ok.    You be you and keep doing this!
I didn't know this guy existed Underrated
IME meds kinda do stuff for me, I take methylphenidate and I can’t really feel a change but I know something’s changed because I went from not being able to do anything in class to straight A’s
Hey, globally this is a very good, informative and useful video as someone with unmedicated ADHD but yeah the comment about meth seemed judgy as in, a lot of addicts have undiagnosed issues and the addiction often happens by attempts (conscious or not) to self medicate. I understand why as a personal choice using basically legal meth might not sit right with you and that's fine, but having a thought for all the stigma addicts face would be nice, using, often out of desperation of getting their symptoms (that they might not recognize as such) dealt with doesn't make them intrinsically bad. And we all must be mindful of how we talk about substances use and abuse because it impacts real people.
I just need to say that Adderall is not meth. They have similar names, but they are different compounds. Meth is called "meth" because it is short for methamphetamine, but adderall is just amphetamine or dextroamphetamine without the "meth" part. It's kind of like the difference between carbon dioxide, a non-toxic gas that we breathe out, and carbon monoxide which is a poisonous gas that is flammable. Adderall and meth are technically both stimulants, but adderall has very mild side effects and is given in moderate doses. The other big difference is that adderall as a prescription has gone through extensive quality control, unlike illegally made meth that can have additional harmful ingredients in it.   I have ADHD and I take an extended release form of adderall. Having the extended release has made a huge difference because it is like taking micro doses throughout the day. When I've taken a regular instant release pill, it felt like a crazy roller coaster and I hated it. The extended release feels much more tolerable and helps me feel grounded.
The most accurate representation of adhd ive seen lol
Having been prescribed concerta in high school and having taken both adderall and vyvanse to finish papers in college, I found my experience to be quite similar to yours. I know it's REALLY not that rewarding in the beginning, but I recommend that you try to establish a daily meditation practice if you want to actually increase your focus. There is a wonderful and easy to read book called The Mind Illuminated which has been an indispensible guide for me ever since I found it a few years ago. It was written by a meditative master who ALSO happens to be a neuroscientist, so it demystifies the practice and makes it more understandable from a western point of view. Check it out! My only advice though, be careful with your knees. Sitting cross-legged can and will damage your knees if you're not being careful!
Adderall is not meth.  They are chemically similar but at most are cousins.  Meth is much more addictive and dangerous.    It is also exponentially cheaper and easier to obtain than Adderall.
The cow totally sells this 🐄
Conserta is a pretty decent medication
I take Vyvanse, the issue is I also have ticks, mainly in my face and hands, for example, lets say I'm playing a game, randomly I will just look downwards, without the meds, it isn't bad, but if I take my meds, my ticks get very annoying, to the point I legitimately don't want to take them, also, I have no sweet clue if it just doesn't work that great on me, but I don't see extreme effects, but my sister who also has ADHD took the same stuff and she was incredibly focused.
Adhd is like having 24/7 shower thoughts. No matter what you're doing, it never stops.
This.
this does fill the sam o nella sized hole in my heart
They gave me Vyvanse I didn't eat for weeks and apparently from my family " acted strange"
I just started taking concerta (literally today) and while I haven't been on it long enough to talk about the long term, it worked really well for me in terms of feeling more functional as a person in general. Another weird thing is it made me a lot less stressed which I didn't expect because coffee does the opposite to me. Hopefully it will continue to go well.
Facts
Where is my brothers and sisters who uses Concerta ?
Pizza, you need more videos about pizza🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕
Sounds like you started to build a house, laid out the foundation, then threw away the plans and walked off. I think you have more work to do to solve your issue
Im always taking my 4 milligram pills in the morning
TYLKO JEDNO W GŁOWIE MAM, KOKSU 5 GRAM, ODLECIEĆ SAM, W KRAINE ZAPOMNIENIA! W GŁOWIE MYŚLI MAM, KIEDY SKOŃCZY SIĘ TEN STAN, GDY JUŻ NIE BĘDĘ SAM
so, are you gonna go back on Adderall? it sounds like it at least helped with *some* things
i use Vyvanse and at the start what u explained happened BUT after a little it started to work better the sickness part however didnt happen to me so i dont know about it being the meds
That's me
hmmm i also stopped taking meds after trying a few different things. I generally sleep too much rather than too little so anything that makes me sleepy is a no-go (I love sleep too much and will take the slightest excuse to crawl into bed). so that only leaves stimulants. the entire family of methylphenidates (concerta) is out the window cuz i had a weird itchy reaction to it. that left the amphetamines side which makes me super anxious and I feel somewhat more able to get things done but I dont think it really improved focus. and also the anxiety was Not Fun; there was heightened heart rate and everything and I couldn't nap if I wanted to. I started using it like caffeine (since caffeine doesnt rly wake me up but this shjt sure does). then eventually I just kinda gave up on it since I felt like the benefits werent worth the anxiety and I just tried to develop better "hacks" and try to trick my way around my own brain. it only works like half the time lol. adhd is a mess.
I read ADHD as asmr.  help.
I am medicated with ADHD, and I’m trying to get off of it, so when I forget the take my meds (I go down by dose slowly over time), and I took methylphenidate, a very common and effective medication for ADHD, and honestly you WILL get too reliable for it the more you take it, but when I forget to take it, I feel drunk, whatever that feels like, but it is so.much.harder.to.focus.
Hey, try retalin. I just lost a bit of my hunger. Though I don't know if everybody reacts the same.
Funny thing about ADHD meds when I was about 9…my 3rd grade teacher thought I needed something else for my adhd. (Sadly nothing else was working 🥲) (such as taking me out of staring out into space etc) so I got onto meds PLEASE NOTE I WAS 9. I forget the mes but it was AN ADULT MED! Yeah I didn’t grow for half of a year and I am not the height I am supposed to be. Yay adhd meds!
Always talk to your psychiatrist about the dosage. I take adderal, and for me I am supposed to take it once per day, but i usually split the pill in half and either take half a dose that day or another half later in the day.
That was funny how he slammed the computer shut forever
This was great! Good job and very relatable 👌🏻 …unfortunately lol
just me or does this guy kind of look like the guy from scribble naughts
i think growing up not really knowing if you do or dont have it like i did (both my parents have it etc etc) coming up with a structure in general is really helpful. i have a non-dated daily planner that i write out the day before. yeah, some days i forget to look at it at all, but i still get pretty close to everything i need to get done, getting done. ive never wanted to be medicated (edit: because of financial reasons, the fact i dont have health insurance and also because working through my struggles is important to me even if it gets bad)- so i think its really interesting to see everyone else's experiences in the comments, and obviously the video
With ADHD, Intuniv has worked best helping me focus, do my tasks, and get through my day pretty well.
I only got diagnosed last year and decided to try meds to see if they made a difference or not. I'm on Elvanse (lisdexamfetamine) and once I'd been through the titration phase and stuck with a dose for a few months, the daily side effects wore off mostly (dry mouth, lack of appetite which has been great for weight loss lol, racing heart when the meds kick in etc). I find that I can focus on getting physical tasks done from start to finish (washing up, putting laundry away, cleaning etc) but also at work I can focus on admin/paperwork/research much better without being super distracted. I do share the same problem of if I focus on the wrong thing, that's all I spend my time on, and all I can think about. But that could also be part of the potentially undiagnosed ASD which is a work in progress.  Unfortunately my prescriber/pharmacy have been rubbish at keeping me topped up with meds so sometimes I have to self regulate and drop to half a dose to avoid running out, or recently I did actually run out for 5 days which was not great. Once I started taking them again the side effects came back and I wasn't very good at functioning.
my brain dough
The brain is a whole character on its own 😅
The breathing thing!!! On vyvanse!!!! I have never heard anyone else explain this before but I literally ended up in the ER and nobody could work out why??? And as soon as I stopped taking my vyvanse it went away!! And I've never had an explanation for it or heard someone else describe it!!! Bro!!!
what the heck do I do if I am have do be of the suspected of adhdness diagnosed 17 and I got diagnosed autism diagnosed at 7 I just have the 2 of these 2.5mg 2.5mg thing called risperidone ( autistic meds ) but its 2 they orange I think its someone eltses but it works for now and i care not because aus west dont really care about highly disabled that much it sucks because diagnosed at 7 NO ITS ILLIGAL I NEED TO BE RE ASSESED URGH I hate it it makes me sad just if you have one medical things please dont stop taking your meds i am in the taking different things stage AGAIN and testing again its stupid i cant do anything only free medication the suspicious stuff in the mentel heath ward atlest im safe in there though maybe depressed because i cant do any digital art but its not forever i hope
1:07 this is exactly what its like. there had never been a better representation of adhd imo.
I want to watch the cow video. Where can I watch the cow video?
Agreeable .o.
drug
Thanks for making these videos, it allow me to look back and realize that I got the idea of me growing dragonfruit because of my ADHD. I been growing dragonfruit since August.
U actually showed me clear signs I have adhd and I was just diagnosed!!! Thanks for helping me 😊
I didn’t want meds but I didn’t know if there was a natural solution to help. I did a little research and found one! I knew I needed something after I failed my real estate exam twice, and barely finished them in the timeframe given. After I bought the herbal meds and took it in my water for a week, I finished my exam with an hour left!! And passed! I never new what it was like to be able to focus! It was amazing, and if anyone is experiencing side effects with meds, there’s natural solutions and I’m proof that they work!  The herbal meds I got is called “brain boost” from Woodland Herbal. I got mine on Etsy :)
As someone with ADD man i felt this esspecially just randomly forgetting names along with what a day is like lmao
One time I watched a random video on the OK Coralle. It was an interview with Wyatt Eurp's granddaughter. This led me to a doc holiday documentary, and this led me to studying TB for 3 days straight.
Infinite knowledge!
This also aplys to other medications that manipulate brain chemesty
I have ADHD but I never took medications because my parents said no, but since I was 8 when i heard them say it, I thought I was special and was just ✨𝓬𝓻𝓮𝓪𝓽𝓲𝓿𝓮✨ and proceeded to flex it on other kids in school
As someone who has adhd this is pretty funny 😂
I’ve been taking elvanse (same as vyvanse) since diagnosis. It worked really well for me, but it made my depression so very bad! When lockdown started I just stopped, didn’t realoje it was helping manage my appetite, I’ve gained 20kg and every time I try to take it again, within a week I develop an uncontrollable cough!
Feel you
It's not spelled medicated. It is spelled medicined
ur not the only one with severe adhd
When I'm off meds I go completely bonkers and make random noises and it's as if I get 6 years younger
Apparently people: “ adhd?? Hahaha.. now hear me out… *cow dance* “
I’m sorry but it says I’m watching this video but the video playing is George W bush’s war on terror speech
I’m on a dual plan of riddeland and concerta which seems to be working but I’ve had that weird out of breath sensation before but only for a day
OK my husband and my daughter are convinced I’m have this, I was a career waitress but now that I have a office job I’m beginning to think they are right. Where do I start? Who diagnoses this? I’m sorry if this sounds silly but I can’t get around to getting help. Instructions would be appreciated
I find the dancing cow and her song absolutely enthralling. I don’t understand the words, but I’m bobbing along.
Me have ADHD
As someone with ADHD, Autism and misophonia ( and possibly dyscalculia) I can confirm that being neurodivergent is wild ride:
I have ADHD. Concerta is amazing. I got the side effects of peeling my skin off. I achieved peeling the skin off my heel without any tools. My skin feels alien and i need yo remove it. Just like the feeling of glue on your hands. Just over your whole body.
I use concerta
i have ADHD but im not taking any meds. Also im 29, i found out i have ADHD just few months ago....no wonder i dropped out of my masters and chose a wrong career and then ended up in customer service and now its too late for me to change because im poor and im from india so my salary is literally peanuts.
I skipped over cause im pooping and ive skipped over 3 videos to watch everything i want but i usually watch youtube and play games and do hw at the same time and i usually dont do my hw and i just get distracted. Should i get adhd medicashawn?
I've been going through a state where people are pointing out my tendencies and mannerisms that tend to line up with people who have ADHD, and I'm having to reconsider my life and how I act cuz I overthink everything
ha !  ADHD  the latest "must have" condition. So depression and Autism have been made redundant now ?  I will have to make an appointment with my GP and perhaps if I pay him enough he will diagnose me with ADHD. Then I will be able to announce it to the world that I have to have special treatment and sympathy because I have this terrible condition.  Then all my troubles will be over .  Simples.
I love my medication (I use methylfenidate).  It helps me so much, I am finally able to reach my thoughts and I love how it numbs my BIG BIG emotions caused by my ADHD (no more daily breakdowns). I was diagnosed at 23 so it feels like a relief to do stuff and be a normal adult haha. Only downside is that I expierence aphasia..  I relate so much with you saying its a gamble how the medication will hit that day, being a woman it is also said that hormones play a big part in the medication working fully or not. Ah well; we ADHD folks will just have to live with it.. I feel so seen with this video and reading these comments <3
I'm only taking good amfetamine not these bad amfetamine. They are basically meth!
how are y’all even getting adhd meds; my doctors keep pushing anxiety medication and i don’t even have anxiety
Concerta (Methylphenidate ER) worked for me. I didn't even know I had ADHD but I would sit down in class and stare at my paper and I just couldn't work on it despite my desire to. Next day, I started a baby dose, and I looked down at a similar paper and I said in my brain "hey i wanna do this" and then... i did it. It was amazing. Worst part was when I crashed after my meds wore off. Upping to a extended release helped just a little. I stopped taking it a couple years ago but I think I wanna try it again because I struggle to do things I want to complete still. oTL Pretty sure it's why I dropped out of college tbh
I was diagnosed about a year ago and started taking vyvanse as well and also had a super good experience at first but after some months, I also felt this "exhaustion". Turns out Vyvanse made me focus on lots of other things but made me extremely unaware of myself and my needs - especially hunger. I would work so much, that I would forget to eat, sleep, go to the bathroom etc.. My appetite was also basically non existent sooo . I did the same thing as you and just stopped taking them :D (i wish, i could experience the silence once again that i did when i was taking the meds also i can't concentrate at all but i keep procrastinating making an appointment at my doctor's office ahahah :') )
0:00 POLSKA KROWA!!!
question do you HAVE to take meds for ADHD? is it a choice? also, how do you get diagnosed??
I couldn’t focus on this video
I had the same experience
I wanted more of that cow
Adhd
&#78190
Yeah I'm on Vyvanse right now... 50mg to be exact (that's a lot!-) and I exactly get what you're saying. When you're in a work environment or school environment it works perfectly great and you can get all the right stuff done really quickly... but then if I'm at home I get far more sucked into random distractions than I would have off meds. It's an experience for sure
this entire thing was fkkn hilarious. AMAZING. not just the animation but the timing, expressions, dialogue, EVERYTHING! full body laughing through most of this. phenomenal. thank you! very relatable too!
holy shit the first 25 seconds and im deadd. 🤣 the cow and song was funny enough but wow that escalated and so did the laugh
I like that this is someone saying "I tried it and it didnt work for me but it might work for you" I have ADD and I tried meds but quickly learned NOTHING pharma worked for me. my body burned through it too quickly or it made me feel sick or it made me feel like a passenger in my own body. I eventually found a system that worked for me, so even if your first few options dont work out find that solution that works best for you. Nobodys ADD or ADHD diagnosis is the same.
I’m 16, a sophomore in highschool and I take vyvanse to help with my ADHD as well. I can’t recall what my first medication was but I DO remember hating taking my medication because I didn’t feel like myself. While yes it helped me focus it also turned me into a zombie. I was unable to express emotion or act the way I normally did. Conversations with people while on medication was weird. I’ve been so used to being hyper and being funny but while being on medication Id feel like a cranky old man. Eventually I told my doctor about how I felt and they switched me to vyvanse which was a LIFE saver. Unlike most ADHD meds that I’ve tried in the past Vyvanse does not kill your appetite so you can, for the most part, eat normally! It also allows you to switch your focus off and on as you’d like! While focused I may occasionally still get that zombie feel but it’s only when I’m HYPER focused and I want to complete something that I’m actually interested in.  TLDR: I love vyvanse. If you don’t like the Zombie side effect of other ADHD meds I’d def talk with a doctor about Vyvanse.
Adhd is a roller coaster with and without meds, meds make it easier for me in school and I’m “normal”, but on the weekends if I take my meds I’m bouncing off the walls with anxiety. There is really no cure to adhd, some people (like me, I’m very grateful) just have access to a tool that can make it easier to manage
I have never seen a better representation of the ADHD brain - tons of people just talking over each other all the time. I feel like this all the time. Great video. Thanks!
The thing is, for me, I'm so distracted that I don't notice my symptoms. When I'm on Adderall I don't have symptoms to notice. So I've never really seen how ADHD impacts my life beyond speculation.
Sometimes people get a higher dose of Vyvanse then they need, so just take like half of the capsule, or get a lower dose
Post a new vid ppppppwwease I’m goin crazy i need more vidddddds Also great content❤😂😢🎉😮😅😊
I hate how accurate the portrayals are
I have ADHD and ADD😊
Okay so you said you gained ability to DO things and it made me excited like it's really POSSIBLE. Isn't that crazy that normal people just DO things and don't have such a big problem to start literally anything?
my best friend changed their preferred name a few times, and honestly, i kept using their old name accidentally, i felt so bad- i have trouble with using peoples new names, and people who i just met names
I take the slow burn stimulant, 8 hours effect time & 12+ hours side effects. Meds do not fix the problem, they are like a knee brace. You must do the physio therapy (learning to focus in ADHD case) yourself by going on frequent but short walks. That is how you learn to focus, eventually your short walks of focusing on important (and possibly boring) thing will get longer and longer because you are building the stamina to focus AND get the rewarding feeling of tasks being complete!
as someone who suffures from adhd i use focoline and it works great but i have no aoited
Yeah, recovering from Adderall can take months. Sometimes years. Not gonna see another video for a while I imagine. Good luck buddy.
Hey recent subscriber here. I’ve shit my pants.
So far for me adderall has been good.  For me my adhd manifests in lots of procrastination, planning issues, and controlling my focus.  I can hyperfixate generally quite easily, but its like you described on the second meds, today I am going to learn everything I can about beyond visual range modern fighter combat why because aslkgfahgah.  So I can now organize  the tasks I need doing and actually prioritize, and really fucking importantly, decide on tasks I need to do tomorrow and actually do them (to a point).  I can also unfixate which is big.  I could get focused on something and if i was struggling or it wasn't working, I would just keep at it unable to let go getting more and more frustrated.  And for me its less of lots of voices, but one voice that's very loud and fast and its a ping pong ball and bounces all around and then sometimes it suddenly stops and vibrates really loud and is a black hole that can't be moved oooooo squirrel lets chase oak trees are a keystone species and support the largest number and widest range of species.
Best video I’ve watched regarding ADHD! Love the way you animated it haha
ADHD is like being a little bit high all the time but without the dopamine
It’s my turn to have the braincell >:(
Hey, I used to take Vyvanse. (Used is the keyword)
I've never had someone describe the "feeling" of Adderall as close to my experience as this. Literally instead of not doing thing, you do thing. haha
From age 12 I was on 80mg of vyvanse. Finally got off of it 10 years later.
I guarantee you there IS someone out there named pizza.  Also RIP dopamine
i've been on Vyvanse for years and we had a half day before the last day of school. I was probably in like sixth grade and I took the full pill, knowing that I had a half day so I was just going to be super focused for the rest of the day, my ass sat down for six hours and play piano tiles on my phone. It was the only thing I wanted to do I didn't eat or drink until the medication wore off. Love that shit if you give me something to do I'll do it with my Vyvanse.
I have adhd and my meds work so as long as they work then I have to use my focus
What was the song in the intro! I need to know
Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu pięć gram
Ice Cream Sandwich :How to solve this= Also Ice Cream Sandwich: DRUG
The only thing in Ice Cream Sandwich's head is 15 milligrams of Adderall
*say no to drug kids*
Whats's the og cow vid called
Perfect timing to see this video I’m currently trying to get help with mine ..are you planning on pursuing different meditations?
Sounds like Adderall works pretty well for you, that’s what I’ve been taking every day for four years now, if I take 5 mg I can’t focus very well, so I take 10 mg instead, that seems to work well for me. Habits are very important, making sure you get a consistent routine in place is vital
Damn, that description of how vivance helps you focus, but still doesn't help you focus *on the right thing* is so damn true.  Unfortunately, there is no magic bullet.  I've found the medication very helpful... but learning/working on mental strategies to help you focus your newfound attention is just as, if not more, important than the medication!
We’re you talking to Rhett from gmm
For years I had AD&D. Then 2nd ed. came out.
Vyvanse is also an amphetamine, just saying.
Yeah, so Meth and Amphetamine are similar, but Amphetamine is just a worse version, imo. The big problem with Meth is that it DOESNT FUCKING END. Two goddamn days of peak best cleanest Adderall buzz is NOT FUN. I WANT to SLEEP.
My experience is more like, yeah, I'm gonna do Task A, but I am going to do it PERFECTLY. So perfectly, that if I can't get it done perfectly, it just won't ever be finished.
I take meditate for my ADHD. It’s also a controlled substance 😅
i used to take meds for my adhd while i was a kid cuz my adhd was off the WALLS and trust i was much calmer, but the problem was if i took too much i would FALL ASLEEP so though grade 1-3 i would fall asleep in class half the time but i think those meds helped me become the person i am now and i no longer need to take my meds 😆😆
Being Retard Sucks
What software do you animate with?
Everything you said is accurate to what I have without the Hyper.
Just going to throw this out here - both Adderall and Vyvanse are amphetamines, they're not identical but they're both loosely related to meth. There are ADHD meds that aren't amphetamines, some of them aren't even stimulants (although most are).
ADHD isn't real, you're just lazy
You should check out Modafinil. It's a non-amphetamine based drug that massively improves focus without the, well, meth part. A lot of people describe it as a light version of the drug from the movie Limitless. A hell of a lot less jittery than things like Adderall/Vyavanse too. Works really well for me when I have a lot of shit to do but my brain won't focus.
Try taking lions mane or other mushrooms for memory and focus. Alpha brain with 2g of lions mane has been working decently for me
im on concerta and yes the ability to able is what the meds do. cool stuff
D r u g s  a r e  g o o d.  F o r. Y u. 😮
3:12  Actually you know what I could go for some orange juice if it’s no trouble. Oh bot only the one they have at Tim Hortons, you know the ones they usually give to kids in those small little bottles witch somehow contain more juice then the actual boxes that minutemade makes for lunches. Man I haven’t had one of those juiceboxes in a while. I wonder if I can still make my school lunch after a few years needing too. OOOOH I can put gushers in my lunch now because I am making my own money!!! You know what on second thought it’s probably not a good idea to introduce that much sugar into my diet especially since...............    So any way that’s how I think a jet engine workes... wait why was I making this comment???
its the first time that I stay for a nord VPN sponsor. Good content does magic
wow its weird how so many people have this thing that didn't exist 100 years ago
With the "Flat-Out!" never seen in human history amount of things we have to do, want to do, and can do, it's no wonder some of us just have too much going on in our heads and our lives.  The expectations of career, family, kids, and Internet of things, coupled with too much stimulants, very little sleep, sugary diets...well, that's the catalyst as I see it.  I would love to see attention focused on repairing those issues before the meds come into the picture.  Now, I love me some meds too.  But time and time again, those stop working over time and weaning off just to get back to where one started is crazy and very uncomfortable.     Love your work here and thank you for sharing.  It's not easy to tell basically the entire planet about one's experiences and issues in life.
does anyone have the link to the video in the beginning?
i have it to and i have been on a meds for almost my entire life its a custume med because i have more then adhd so i can kinda relate
I take a medication called Dexmethylfenidate (I think spelled right) and it helps a lot with physical or neurological tasks! I suggest it, maybe.
When will there be a brain plushie?
Most vivan users quit before being able to be productive. Don't quit. Be addicted
Adhd medication gives you the motivation and focus to deal with adhd medication
I would prefer watching that dancing cow for 7min54secs
I was diagnosed at a young age and very lucky to be so- I've been on a time release form of Adderall for a long time! I'm lucky that I didn't have to try other forms, and that it has worked for me. I still joke that I can focus, but I can't choose what to focus on!
Up the Adderall 🤣
I can say to future generations “back in my day I had ADD.”
Focolin I think it is I take it
he drew his brain to be smooth😂😂nice attention to detail
I know you are probably getting a ton of suggestions and this might have been suggested already but, I'd suggest Focalin XR. For the small amount of time I was taking it I took it to help me sleep better and feel more rested at work but it also helped alot to focus there too. I want to get back on it soon because I feel it genuinely helped
I've been on adderall for over 20yrs now and have a few tips if you wana hear me out: -  accept the fact that you will now have two minds..  medicated and not (they're both you, they're both great and useful, and they both have strengths and weaknesses). -   make/construct/code/clean on-meds, design/art/brainstrom off-meds..   or to put anohter way, think about all the cool stuff you can make when off meds (creative) so that when you are later on meds you'll have a todo list.   If you leave the todo list upto your medicated brain, it'll just look around and do what's closest (that's just how it is).. -  yea it's an amphetamine, but it's nothing like (street) meth; that's just silly..  It does give you a sort of "on-speed" effect, but that's normally a sign that you're overmedicated.   -  don't take meds everyday..  try to skip at least one day a week..  otw you'll build a tolerance (if your body is anything like mine.. so yea, take that with salt)
I have been diagnosed with adhd last 2 weeks and my doctor said that i probably will start medication next month sooo i immediately remembered this video and i said i should watch it to have some info about medication......and yeah it takes me two weeks to finally sit down and watch it 🙃 but i finally did ✨✨✨✨
What‘s the funny song at the beginning, I‘m addicted to it. Edit: nvm it‘s polish cow
Wait, you just did task A? That’s it? I don’t understand 😭😩😩😩 My ADHD brain does not compute.
As someone with ADD which is the non hyperactive version of ADHD I can confirm this is true
I love how you can make me laugh out loud with your wholesome, cute, nonsensical comedy 🤣💖
Really felt that FFFFFFF-0cus
Big mood
It's a chemistry experiment. Sadly, the best way to know what works is to spend a month with the med (unless it's obviously making you feel worse) and talk about it after with your doctor.
Have you tried running
It seems to me that we get medicated not because we are unproductive but because we are an easy target of bilion-dollar industries. We go to meds faster than we ask parents for help, mainly because they're on meds too!  Source: Saving Normal, by Allen Frances. He was the Chair of the DSM-IV
Videos sounds so low.
Same , have been diagnosed since 8/10  still struggling rn  and I'm 18
ironically I'm watching this video as a distraction for the essay I'm supposed to be doing
But you gotta admit, the ADHD brain can be so fun and you can self-entertained
Yo share the sauce peep, whats the name that song in the intro?
so i also take vyvanse and ive never had the out of breath thing, but that might be cus im a college kid and all my life (and by all my life i was diagnosed when i was 3 and have been doing this for a long time) ive taken my meds on school/work days. weekends and seasonal breaks i dont take my meds, i only take them on days i need to do work. i also have a dose of 30mg, cus a lot of it is just tinkering with med dosage to find the sweet spot
The only thing that works to make my adhd brain shut tf up is getting stoned
"that sounds a lot like me-wait a second"
Amphetamine and Dexamphetamine are not even close to "doing meth", methamphetamine looks at the blood brain barrier and LAUGHS, meaning the potency is far stronger than others and a much higher abuse potential. And even then, either way you're still taking a stimulant which just gives free dopamine, which makes doing 'boring' tasks more rewarding. Also the guy who told you than vyvanse, which is lisdexAMPHETAMINE, was LESS like meth was completely wrong. As someone who is sensitive to stimulants but not diagnosed with ADHD, it's not just sufferers of your disorder that get wild productivity benefits from them, EVERYONE gets those benefits from them, it's just someone with ADHD **may** need those benefits more.
Cringe
It sure is a good thing I fried my brain for life so I could bring my grade up in Mrs. Smith's language arts class.
Was on meds (Ritalin) had no appetite was like a zombie (i was on a fairly high dose 60mg)stopped cold turkey luckily no effects even though part of my conditions for not getting expelled was be on meds all school days i just couldn’t anymore was 15 kg under average for my age/hight  now as a adult thinking of going on 15mg for my studies
I guess Ritalin is like the best of all meds you could potentially use. But there are two, they got the hardest backlashes from all and one is addictive. I personally cannot professional recommend meds but Ritalin is known for the best results and when taken at the right time of the day won’t affect your sleep.
The breathlessness could be a psychological instead of physiological. Paranoia, whether it has a feasible basis or not can cause this reaction. But if changing meds fixes it, it doesn't really matter if it's psychological or not. If different meds yield similar results, there's 2 and a half options. One, keep trying different meds and hope it gets resolved. And it totally might work. Or use therapy to find the possible cause and fix it mentally, or add another med that counters the anxiety. Combining meds to counter side effects of one another isn't uncommon.
I was diagnosed with ADHD young but recently medicated and i take Focalin and it works great for me, maybe it could for you too.
Vyvanse worked really good for me a little too much sometimes to the point where I would focus so much I would get headaches and just shut down
Just when I thought I was out, the first 16 seconds of this video brought that damn song back into my life lmao
If you have a hard time switching between contexts (thinking variably), working with multiple contexts (multitasking), or even just noticing differing contexts, then maybe you have caetextia (context blindness), as known as high-functioning autism.
Me, on lexapro: :)) You: DO NOT DO THIS. I stopped taking my meds. Me: *gasps in horror* You: I was ok Me: oh thank god
Hey why don’t you make a gaming channel people will love it
0:33 i figured out that i had adht
I’m autistic and can’t stop fantasizing about how to conquer Europe
sometimes when I'm doing a repetitive task like swimming, there will be background music in my head while im having a full thought process about something else but sometimes the music is too loud so i have to change songs
The US of the medicAted
How on earth did human being manage to make it for thousands of years surviving and reproducing just to get to a point where they all need medications to hope to be normal???
I’m currently on ADHD med # 4. I’m completely and utterly stressed out and losing hope that I’ll find the right med. it seems like nothing will help my symptoms. I’ve heard I would definitely notice when it’s the right one and working. But I don’t. I can’t tell. I’ve been holding on, hoping that I just haven’t had the right one yet. But I’m terrified that I’m the problem. That what if I already was on it but that I need to be the one making crazy changes and stuff. Idk. I’m just really crossing my fingers I find the solution soon….
When you threw in the ad, I totally forgot I was watching this video.
I’m so curious about the other factors that led to your negative symptoms on Vyvanse. It is of course important to make an effort toward regular eating, sleeping, & hydrating habits when on any of these drugs, as your usual internal cues for these things will change. (appetite and sleepiness may be supressed) So, I find that sometimes when my friends or I have negative symptoms, it’s actually because we forgot to eat, or had too much caffeine (supposed to have little or none), etcetera. The out-of-breathe thing is weird and scary, though!
I had ADHD as a kid, and was highly over medicated and then developed paranoid delusions that I was being watched all the time, and that it was being broadcast to other nations to watch as a Tv show.   I think I heard of the Truman show or something and it spiraled.
ADHD is a superpower
Hey! Who's in charge around here!?!?  Oh. Oh god.
I was diagnosed with ADD at a time when it seemed like that diagnosis was being slapped onto any and every kid that didn't act the way they were "supposed" to act, which meant something was "wrong" with them. The doc put me on Adderall when I was 8 or 9, but I absolutely *hated* it and the way it made me feel. It stripped away my entire personality and turned me into a weird, robotic version of myself. so I told my mom that, and she was like, "Alright then, we're not doing that." Foolishly, we just stopped taking it and never saw that doc again. (NOTE: DO NOT DO THAT. ALWAYS CONSULT YOUR DOCTOR BEFORE STOPPING YOUR MEDICATION.)  As I've gotten older, I do believe I was misdiagnosed. I don't present with enough symptoms to feel comfortable wearing it, so I don't, out of respect to people who truly have it and live with it. And I don't blame my mom for being concerned about me. Some kids (and adults) are just kinda weird, and that's okay. Just be yourself, y'all. And if you feel that it is something that is actively affecting your life, talk to your doctor and work on finding the right thing for you. Your feelings are valid and you are loved.  This comment ended up being a LOT longer than I meant it to be, sorry. 😅
ask your doctor if biphentin might help
There is no solution to having adhd and getting hyperfixated on rockets. I’m like 10 years in and a propulsion engineer now. All my colleagues have adhd symptoms but almost none are diagnosed.
I have the vyvanse
Since it does seem to work for your focus, maybe the dosage is the problem. Won't hurt to ask your psych if a smaller dosage will do any good
Just take both of the meds 👍
I don't think I have adhd but I do have overlapping thoughts most of the times since childhood. The thing is that I used to get less distracted and focus on the task at hand was to use a pointer like a pencil when studying but it also backfired because now i sometimes overfocus and now forget about other things 🤣🤣. If i am mentally different or not I have my friends successfully diagnose me as weird for these traits 😂 ( trust me I am very happy to be called weird I don't know why)
Watched this because of my adhd. Then I started wondering, do you also have a bad ice cream sandwich addiction?   Like..... eat a whole box of 12 in a night sort of problem?
Its✨ I N T E R E S T I N G✨, i think  i might have it- HMMMMMMMMMM idk im not  a doctor-
I am autistic and everytime I tried to jump back into my fantasy I got pulled back by random thaughts and then i hop back in and then I get pulled back out and a loop goes on and on くそ！
I keep neglecting trying to find a new primary or psychiatrist to talk about meds, but also I've been waiting for over 4 months for my assessment results to be accessible 🥲 I called this week and was a told they're still "in progress".  So now I've just stared taking supplements that are suppose to help mitigate some of the symptoms.
The noreprinephrine system is much more the thing to try affecting   Cymbalta plus buspirone is helping me with executive function.  The truth is tho, we have lived our lives tricking ourselves into making everyday life “fun” to stay awake…so there’s a ton of habits that need to work on
The fact im taking meth for adhd 😂😂😂
Funny how the song is so appropriate, he sings ,,the only thing i got in my mind is 5 grams of cocaine"
The only thing that really works is years of work on your focus and habits and everything. The brain can be trained.
You can meditate if you want to focus on thingssss.....
I've taken Adderall since I was 17 and I'm 35 now.  Seriously 95% of the people who are prescribed it, and frankly probs 75% of people who are diagnosed as ADHD to begin with-  Really shouldn't take it, and really shouldn't have received the diagnosis they did.
I desperately want to try medication for my ADHD, but I'm hypersensitive to stimulants and I don't want to be productive if it means I'm going to be emotionally unstable and have wild hormonal shifts.
Utilize your privilege of living in a first world and having these meds and mental healthcare!😭 Cause the only diagnosis I get is "cunt emotions" and apparently my spine is fucked because I don't wear makeup and play dress up. I'm so jealous of y'all
I'm a highly functional adhs adult, my problems lie in negative intrusive thoughts, anxiety and missing long-term motivation. I'm starting to think drugs are not my way to go, just hard work and therapy :/
I took my ritalin and I swear that it was making the walls bend...
I suggest you try a much smaller dose. Meet with your doctor and ask him if this would be a good idea. I think that it sounds like the meds are doing what you want but you're talking too much.
I was on Ritalin from age 7 to 18 when I turned 18 I quit cold turkey, at first it was awful but over the next year I adjusted and have been functional every since, I am definitely ADHD but I have been able to live with it buy leaning to manipulate my thoughts so I can be more productive, studying is impossible unless it's hands on though, there are some things that I can't stand about being ADHD but the pills made me feel like a zombie and the weight gain was unacceptable, I was up to 280LB at age 18 and got down to 142LB in little over a year after quitting.
As someone who has ADHD/ADD concerta works very well because it allows you to switch from task A to task B while increasing focus on the task.
I started with meds on school days.   Now I use meds on work days.  If it works, it works.   50mg Vyvanse in the morning.
I actually might have ADHD like you and I asked my friends about it and my friend Jacob said I act like I do some said I do some said I do not
also stopping ADHD won't hurt you, just might effect your tollerance or trigger withdrawal if you take large doses. Honestly I find they are much more effective if you take them sparingly so your body doesn't grow acclimated to taking the drug and it keep its effectiveness. I treat my meds like a cup of coffee, but I will go for the coffee before the Adderall
adderall is amphetamine. Ritalin is Methylphenidate. I fined Ritalin is much better for desk work and focusing. Adderall is better for physical work and moving
Live in the chaos, coward.
between living a life of chaos and meth im choosing meth everytime
theres so much more out there to try
LOL I WAS JUST WATCHING THAT COW MEME 😭
Me with adhd and anxiety 🗿
This is the most fun non serious „adhd“ i have ever seen. No wonder the mild or just misdiagnosed motivated people that are a bit hyper would have the energy/motivation to make a youtube channel in the first place  But good job it was good, and you can draw and animate and speak over it well. :) also i might not see the good eight now
Bruh I got a ad about medication💀💀💀
I dunno man, as a person with ADHD, i can hyper focus on some things, but not others even without meds. And on meds, focus is completely arbitrary too, i cant sit down and "just do" a mental task, it is genuinely painful and i get an aching feeling in my body and head when i try to force myself to do something that i want to do but cant because of ADHD. Also the medication helps a lot with not feeling like the world is against you and everyone hates you when your friend just didnt respond to the 100th meme in a row you sent him.
just take magnesium
this video is mixed way to quietly
I also quit taking my meds and it worked out. Here is my story :D  I think I started on Adderall, 2nd grade, eventually it changed to concerta, then finally, last year of highschool, a very small dose of vivance, a new drug at the time. Then I decided, after graduation, and on my own, to just stop taking meds.  This was my own decision as a functional adult, and I am very aware of my own self. I lost a lot of creativity taking medication and I don't think I would have survived art college while on any medication.  In fact, I did much better in college overall, than I had been doing since 6th grade.  The meds just weren't for me.  But! There are plenty of people who can't function without medication, and that's okay! I'm genuinely happy for those people!   But yeah. I didn't consult a doctor or my therapist about it. In fact I just stopped seeing the therapist who prescribed me the vivance. Shrug.
How uh many people un subbed
I have ADHD without hyperactivity, but with impulsivity and performance anxiety instead... I tried Concerta and it was pretty much a mix of both your experiences with Aderall and VIvance. I was completing a lot of low importance tasks with very high focus and felt like shit after a few days. I ended up taking half the dose only on weekdays for a while and it was ok, but then my insurance decided to cut my coverage because I wasn't following the recommended posology (even though my doctor had approved it). So I learned to live without meds and I'm fine now (almost).
Vitamin d deficiency
as someone who took vyvanse for years, that is pretty accurate to what it was like. i didn't have those side effects thankfully, but i did often have the issue of making sure i was doing the right task when the meds kicked in. it worked really well for school bc when they kicked in, i'd be *at* school, surrounded by learning & classwork, & everything would be poggers. but after i stopped physically going to school bc of lockdown, i was no longer in that learning environment, so i would often take my meds, & then end up writing something completely random on a Word doc for 5 hours straight. i stopped the medication when i graduated college, since school was the only thing it really helped with, & i was learning ways to stay on top of housework on my own just fine. adhd is an interesting & finicky beast, & all you can really do is try to dissect why certain tasks can consume you, while others are like Evil Bad No Fun Times for your brain. from what i know though, having separate environments alone for "work" vs "play" can be a big help! (i.e. separate rooms or different corners of the same room)
OMG... this is my acutal lived experience.
As a person with ADHD, This makes me feel very safe in the real world and online
audio BALANCING REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! up the volume shit too quiet
I'm sure this doesn't work for everyone, but this works for me: Using podcasts as background noise.  Get a nice 1-2 hour podcast that you don't need to listen to every word of (I like basketball podcasts for this) and then turn it on and start work. I find the background noise stops me from overly focusing on anything external and this allows me to go down my to do list without it feeling like I have to 100% focus on my hardest task of the day.
As a person who has ADHD and I can confirm that this relatable, I get distracted every time so I have a fidget toy in school to help me learn
I’m on the spectrum with similar but different issues. Cannabis/CBD have helped me! Not implying anything!! 😁
I’m on the spectrum with similar but different issues. Cannabis/CBD have helped me! Not implying anything!! 😁
I was prescribed Ritalin and it didn’t do SHIT. I had to take a drug test to show the doctor that I was indeed taking my meds. I got a bill for that drug test… $250. Welp, no more Ritalin for me…
I recommend concerta as I was on it when I was wrongly diagnosed with adhd as a kid
Okay but have we considered the possibility that you aren’t the problem at all. Maybe the problem is the societal expectation that people are supposed things and stuff, like every day.
I'm not a doctor, take what I say with a grain of salt. But doctors tend to generalize how often you should take certain medications. Your body isn't some computer that processes medicine exactly the same way each time you take it. With ADHD meds I've seen that there is usually insane results the first time you take it, but then diminished effects and negative effects if you strictly follow the "daily" recommendation. The doctors are not wrong btw, but the "daily" amount they recommend can also be interpreted as "you can take it this often without dying". I haven't seen any compounding effects with ADHD, all the effects are practically independent of previous doses similarly to advil(my non-doctor observations). That being said, taking it often without monitoring your body is bad. It's like squeezing a sponge before it reabsorbed enough water, you strain your body for no reason to get less and less out of it. My recommendation self-monitoring, pacing!
I have adhd (diagnosed in highschool) and took meds for a little bit. Unfortunately even the rx aderall at like 30mgs i had no affect (also no side affects, thankfully).  I learned to use tricks that work for me (not saying its excellent or will work for anyone else)  i constantly wiggle my toes (so other people dont call me out for moving too much, and to have extra stimuli while seated and working)  i also eat coffee beans (3-5) when i need to force focus(not sure how caffine affectsother people but i have yet to experience the joy of artificial energy, i just find its calming and often drink coffee just before bed with no issues gettingtosleep.  Exercise helps too.  To anyone struggling with it remember its not all bad, we often notice details others miss, and in some occupations like chef the adhd has helped me be able to task switch on a dime and return a few minutes later right where i left off. (Found out this was hard for other people, and was like whoa this bs actually helped me)
I have those symptoms and explained to my shrink. We talked and she asked a lot of questions and finally she said I have bipolar 🤷‍♂️ 10 years of those meds and my wife is still saying I do 10 things all at once…
All the medication in the world can't help ingrained negative behavioral patterns. You have to break them with or without medication and you may even realize that the problem is something else. (i.e. people with other mental health issues that can show ADHD symptoms)   I was undiagnosed, and I literally strapped myself to a chair as a kid to get my work done. When I was diagnosed much later in life, I kept on being asked how I managed for so long. The answer was : I burnt a pattern into my head that I needed to do XYZ first, and anything outside of that will just prolong XYZ. I always had a reminder in place. For a while it was the chair I used to study on - eventually it was a notebook or binder.  When I finally got diagnosed (I was originally in for something else), I was fine on the lowest of the lowest doses, because my behaviors and habits prior to medication were just that ingrained into my thought process that it became a routine.   This isn't a hokey pseudoscience "YOU DON'T NEED MEDICATION" message, you very well might - but a lot of my colleagues and friends (some self-diagnosed😒) went into the process thinking that the medication was a magic bullet and they wouldn't have to work hard at getting to normal and then continually kept on upping their dosage when it didn't work. Don't be like my friends - get help and then work at it.
I took Ritalina my hole life (since 5yearold till 16yearold) then droped. Growing up taking meds I dont find so much difficult and making tasks and I never got better taking them, I always fogot dates for school projects, I never got good grades bc studying was really boring even with the meds, my doctor kept up my pills, till I get to the max dose (at leat in my country) and, sleept the whole day and forget that I had a test and went with skirt when there was gymclass. So I gave up the meds and felt better about my life, I felt more alive and things got a little more messy, but now i just live with the feeling of crying while doing everything
If possible smoke weed
Fun fact: Vyvanse and Adderall are almost exactly the same thing. Simply put, Adderall is dexamphetamine and Vyvanse is LISdexamphetamine. The “lis” part makes Vyvanse inactive until it is metabolized by your liver. When it’s metabolized, it turns into Dexamphetamine, or effectively, Adderall. Because of the need to be broken down first, Vyvanse lasts way longer but is also perceived as way “softer” than adderall. It’s just adderall but stretched basically.  As a side note, this goes to show that a simple structural change can wildly change a chemicals properties. While Meth and Adderall are both amphetamines, saying that adderall is basically Meth is a bit of a misconception. Using that logic, so is Vyvanse.
I have ADHD, like real bad, and lemme tell ya, this man is speaking facts. Although for me it only lets me focus better, be less hyper, so on. I still need practice on "doing tasks".
Make more animations pls
"Symtoms" you mean normal human behavior? I feel like people just make stuff up to have an excuse to not do certain things. Kids just get diagnosed so they can get drugged and not disturb classes. Of you have to drug kids for being different somethings wrong with our perception of illness
ktospl?
i started taking vyvanse 2 days ago, and i just started my 3rd day on it. i’ve been feeling a lot happier and more motivated to do just about every thing i wanted to do before! but. an hour after i take it, my heart rate sky rockets, my chest hurts, and it gets hard to breathe. is this normal when you start on vyvanse?? if it’s going to hurt me long term, i’d rather switch meds. it’ll just be disappointing since i had to fight my mom tooth and nail to get her to believe my suspicions of having adhd were valid. and i’m afraid getting meds taken away or changed would cause her to back track immediately. this is the only time i’ve been able to get real help so i’m really paranoid 😭😭 plus, i just want the meds to work for me so badly so i can feel better all the time
I have taken a bunch of ADHD meds. I'm my personal opinion Dexidrine is probably my favorite.
Taking meds just sucked for me after getting diagnosed with adhd. And I started to have side affects too. Like nausea for some reason. And when I stopped, I was FINE. Then I realised I was always fine, I just worked differently. So I developed a system of function that works very well for me but makes zero sense to others. Still even if it's out of order or takes time, I do get things done so I'm happy about that.
The cow video at the start actually made me forget what the video was about lol
I had similar experiences like you, I took Methylphenidate (idk the brand name in the US) and now switched to Lisdexamphetamine (Vyvanse/Elvanse). What you describe is very accurate. Unfortunately, the medication cannot magically fix anything. It's a very powerful tool that you have to learn to use. Elvanse (Vyvanse) helps you focus, but it doesn't know what's the right thing to focus on. When you are focusing on the wrong thing, you must realise that and shift your attention willingly.   Medication makes you go in a straight line, but you still have to steer yourself.
I tried to watch and got distracted
People often just suffer from mental illnesses and long for the press of a button to make every bad thing about their illness go away. In this case meds. And I don't blame them cause I've been there. Sadly things don't really work out that way, at least in the majority of cases.  In general it takes a combination of meds and also therapy. Meds don't make any problem vanish, they just help you to achieve progress in your recovery and healing in a more supportive way.
Yeah, I have ADHD. I have at least every single symptom. But, I don't know what to do to solve that and no one around me cares.
It sounds like the adderall was actually working pretty well for you, but you have to build habits to focus. Even for neurotypical brains that can be difficult, you're not alone!
You should try meditating daily. It builds focus and discipline over time
The two you describe taking are both amphetamine based, Adderall is like a soup of a few and it looks like Vyvanse is just one kind. Ritalin is a different class of stimulant so you might have different results. Sucks that your meds aren't subsidised by like government like mine in Australia. 200 5mg tablets costs me $7.60 AUD with
I had the same experience except seoquel
I hate adderall it is the worst, I “have adhd” which means doctors heard that I’m lazy bc I don’t do homework and put me on adderall, I’m a kid so can’t do much but as soon as people will listen to me I am gonna stop the adderall because I am malnourished because of it and it sucks in general and I have pretty much associated how short I am to it because it makes you lose your appetite so much and I am 4 5 at 13 and I am so sick of adults not taking me seriously
I took methylphenidate in University when I was diagnosed. My biggest symptom wasn't even distracted thoughts (although I did have that). My biggest symptom was extreme fatigue. I would get so tired and always need a nap. Now I can function throughout the day. If I forget to take my medication, a few hours into the day I'll know because I'll feel incredibly tired. My first thought would be "why am I tired?" not "did I forget to take medication?". Then I realize that I forgot. I think it's just really tiring to force myself to focus. I recently tried to cut down on my medication but found it really hard. It's not that I was craving it. It was the tiredness that was incredibly hard to deal with. I think I'd rather just go through the rest of my life on medication. I don't want to go through life tired all of the time.
man ice cream sandwich is so cool I wish medicine was real
For me I think I got dementia ADHD I don't take medication 😅
school put me on ADHD meds, had a negative reaction too and i just stopped taking it....
Yummy drugs that keep me from dying, unfortunately the drugs that keep me from dying make me act like I have adhd. But at least I'm not dead
I like having adhd I can do a lot of physical things at once but never focus on throngs like test or reading
My son has adhd and takes a fast and short live meds
Love his brain running around like a hamster at the end. 😂
i wish youtube didnt recommend this to me, i am very dissatisfied with this website.
You should try concerta
i really wanna do a video on this, since my adhd life was like yours but in reverse. i’m 5 months free from medication and i’ve gotten SUCH a change in my life. Nothing is a regret though, i’m still me!
For me, ADHD SUCKS. But i started taking something called quivilant XR and OH MY GAAAWDDDD NOO WAAAYIEIDJFJFJDIDJD I went from smooth brain sack of organs to ALBERT EINSTEINIUM
i used ritaline from age of 6 to 14, i stoped eating, and i felt dead and empty inside, can remember how i just sat in the sandbox at school staring at the sand doing nothing till the bell rand, then sitting in class just staring at the paper till the bell rang, when i was 14, i was shorter than 150 and weighed only 29kg, im now 175 and weigh 66kg, speed sucks big balls
Teraz zauważyłam że ta muzyka z krowy jest po polsku *now i see that this sound from cow is in polish language
lovit
o___o i ran out of my vivance 4 days ago and today i feel fine ive been in the meh state for a year i thought it was all depression....thank you for sharing this. also HAHAHAH THAT END BIT WAS FUNNY
I’ve gone through like 5 different medications over the past few years, and just finally found one that works for me. It’s a grind for sure.
FFFFFFFfff-ocus. Lmao! 😂😂😂
Does anybody else have a really loud voice in their head?
I'm in a similar situation, i've had the diagnosis since childhood but didn't take meds until a few months ago.  I'm on a low dosage of Medikinet (Methylphenidate) and realised, that it can really go both ways.  If i feel like wasting my day i can absolutely do it, the meds don't make the right decisions for me. They just help me to stick with them once i've made them myself. I mean it's not like "normal" people don't struggle at all, they just do it a bit less than us in this specific way.  So even on meds you will have to make yourslef do things.  I think of them as training wheels, not a tesla on autopilot.
100% not accurate. ADHD is fake and you've been duped. Have fun taking drugs that affect your life in bad ways.
"my general aversion to..... meth"  hahahaha
The key is finding which med works for you. You have to try a bunch to succeed. 😅 Adderall was a 'last ditch effort' and it's PERFECT for me.
Try Strattera it helped me out when I was in school dont really remeber any bad symptoms but it def helps with focusing but not so much that you cant do the important stuff also its not addictive so yeah ps. I stopped taking all meds (even the ones for my hypothyroidism dont at me aight i know i could die) I was just so tired of taking pills like he said in the vid dont just stop taking them though be smarter then me
The Poland pill
Horribly accurate. Concerta working somewhat for me rn, but I need a higher dose. Simple as.
No happy end? Only two types of meds? You didn't tried to mix them? x-D
I used to take Vyvanse in school. I didn’t do well gradewise, but I got REALLY good at drawing and origami. That’s why I stopped taking Vyvanse.  Also, a few years later a coworker (who was a known Adderal addict) said that Vyvanse was terrible for you. And I feel like hearing that from a stimulant addict is a good sign that it’s not particularly great.
I really love this guys channel but now I guess I have to unsubscribe
Who does the animations in this vid? They're awesome!
I'm really surprised there was no dosage adjustment here. A higher dose of adderrall likely would have helped you with cognitive (not physical) tasks. And of course maybe the vyvanse was too high, idk. It might also have been messing with your sleep, which, yeah will make you feel dead until you either get off it, or change dose so you can catch up sleep. I have found with adderall that a little flag will be raised in my brain "remember that thing you need to do?" at the proper dose. So I am given many more chances to stop the poorly chosen/poorly begun hyperfocus sessions if I choose too
Did your dad Help Hamburger?
1:07 so true lol
Your audio levels are incredibly low. I'm having to almost triple my speaker volume just to hear what you're saying.
I am getting Bupropion because of my lack of drive. It also makes me more focused and I read that it is sometimes used to treat ADHD. I got a lot of things done since I got the prescription 4 months ago ... which weren't imaginable for me in the state I was in before. The effects of Bupropion feel much more subtle and less obtrusive than what I experienced with Methylphenidat (Ritalin/Adderal/Medikinet etc.). I don't think that psychotropics are a definitive answer to most of mental health issues but they can often be a useful aid as long as they are applied carefully.
I am gifted, and adhd. So my experience at school is quite weird where you didn't focused on the lessons, hear from your friends for a few minutes then understand immediately. I would just constantly cope, forcing myself to focus on the lesson, and it works because my hyperfocused kicks in randomly. Now the next thing i wanna say isn't adhd or anything, but I don't think i have ocd, I just constantly feels like I'm doing something wrong or forgot to do something, I would just check on it and "Oh, wait why am I here again?" or "Oh, i actually done it. Wait did I forgot to do something before that" and adhd just kicks me around like a ball.
with medication good at school no friends or social life off medication bad at school but with friends and social life. medication made me a zombie and i can barley remember the 3 years while i was on it
I miss adderall only adhd medication I didnt feel sick on. Did have general meth addict behavior on it though I had to stay busy, Vyvance caused panic attacks, Ritalin and concerta caused huge ass mood swings, and Strattera didnt do anything. Now I just dont take anything and accept im like the dog in Up.
D E X I E S
As someone who never had these symptoms, I really appreciate your ability to describe them in common relatable terms and similes. I feel like I understand ADHD a little better now.
Comment section is incredibly resourceful here so I'm just gonna add my summary - see a psych and discuss your experience while taking meds. It makes it infinitely more efficient vs trying to figure it all out yourself. And please, do not stop taking your meds cold turkey 😂 Disaster!
BUT WHERE IS THAT COW VIDEO LINK ? :D
My ADHD experience, I've always felt like I've had some limit on my brain and mind while feeling like I'm conscious about some things and actions that I do yet can't stop myself from doing them. I was also the kid in middle school that'd lay on the floor and just "swim" around the classroom doing chair fortresses and stuff while never being able to sit still and yet when my mom had a suspicion on that I had ADHD in 4th grade my school said no they didn't feel like I did and therefore the case was closed otherwise I would've gotten to do a test. Surprise surprise 5 years later and I get diagnosed with ADD/ADHD, Autism and OCD. And at this point I'm at my last school year with really low and terrible grades cause I haven't been able to focus or get any work done both at home and in school. It really makes me think how different my life would've been for the better if the school didn't deny me having ADHD 5 YEARS AGO. I now take one 18mg of Concerta pill everyday and it lasts for around 12 hours, it helps me focus a LOT LOT more in school, but also makes me continue having that focus after school which leads me to becoming really tired cause I focus on a lot of unnecessary things and accidentally write entire essays to my friends about simple things that can be said in a single sentence and another leading cause to my new tiredness is that it has a loss of appetite side-effect.. that lasts for 12 hours and makes it really hard for me to eat anything. The psychiatrist said I'd get to change medication to something else that'd only last me around 8 hours but forgot the name and I have no idea when I'll get that prescribed but, I'm in my most important month of the school year now, 9th grade (Sweden) and I have a bunch of national exams lined up nearly every 2 schooldays for a month, good luck to me and hope whoever had the time to read this has a good day too! <3
Vyvanse is basically just meth too, but acting more slowly.
Vyvanse made my heart race so bad 😭
I have ADD, and this is realistic,  It's attention deficit disorder. And it's a problem. I got put on meds at 6 and my grades improved rapidly, (Because school was where it was worst...) This is relatable! thanks for making this for the fans!
I have had Concerta for several years, then I felt like it wasn't good anymore, now I've had Elvanse but that's also a bit weirdish, recently I haven't taken it. As it's quicker burning med I can choose whether to take it.
Hi. I was scrolling through the comments looking for the audio right before ice cream bricks the laptop permanently 🤣 If anyone could please help with this? That would be great. It tickles my autistic brain.
I got adhd and is on my 4th med i stoped taking the other 3 without telling anyone cause they were shit
Also remember different forms and doses of one medication can vastly change how that medication affects you as well. Also try them for months before switching. Just a reminder
Actually for some medications it is totally fine to stop taking them, but definitely do research first if your unsure! I started taking Vyvanse yesterday, and the doctor said I can skip days if I want and just take it on days when I want more focus. (I've heard it's the same for some other ADHD meds too)
omg ive had almost the same experinece as you! I'm about to try straterra and ill lyk how that goes!
So accurate
Oh boy just what I needed: another layer of protection against people who want to steal my data that will do nothing to stop Google, the person who's actually using my information. Yay. /s
Does anyone else get like extremely mad when people have 0% of ADHD yet say "oh sorry it my ADHD" and they don't even have it they just say it because people think it's cool to say it's something they deal with because it's a trend now?! Like whyyyyyyyy it makes me so mad!!! I have 3 other friends that actually have it and my meds are stronger than all of theirs so I guess I just get more upset than them cuz I struggle A LOT with it And people just want to act like it's some fun thing to say but it's literally not a fun thing to have!!! And I was put on a medication where it doesn't make me angry like all the others I have been put on but literally I also have anger issues and then the meds on top so it's just like a blast of anger
Check if you have high blood pressure.
This is just so hilarious! ❣
Adderal definitely isn’t for everyone. A lot of people get malnourished because the meth makes them feel like they don’t have to eat.  Don’t blame the disorder. I have this disorder and have been able to cope and still maintain productivity. You just need to be upfront with yourself, identify the obstacles, and make interventions for yourself to overcome these. A strong support system is also a huge bonus (sadly some will not have the support needed).
as a kid i tried so many different ADHD meds before finding one that worked without adverse symptoms. over the years I've had to switch between different meds due to various circumstances. sadly the one that worked best for me I can no longer take. I took that same medication for so long that my body over time developed immunity to it, and I had to keep taking higher and higher doses until I'd reached the highest possible dose I could take. but yea the process of finding a good med is WILD and hard lmfaooo.
I take Strattera and Vivance...😎👍
What if you use cocain?
I took Vyvanse in high school and it was the WORST I had all the same adverse reactions. I felt tired, less emotional, I didn’t eat or drink anything. I remember telling a friend “I feel like I’m a stranger who is method acting for the role of me, and not doing a good job.” Thankfully I’ve moved to a much lower dose of Aderal and it has been going a lot better for me.
I used to take ritalin and its the most brain numbing meds id ever taken. I’m more productive off of weed than i ever was on ritalin
I LOVE METH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
perfectionism
This edible ain’t sh-5:18
Wow, look, hard drugs, fun times.
I never thought a video could summarize what's going on in my brain so well.
Concerta for the win!
Your problem isn't ADHD. Your problem is a total lack of discipline. Too many people pin this on ADHD because americans get diagnosed with this and that for a yes or a no, as this means more money for big pharma and more money for psychiatrists. A LOT of people have symptops of ADHD, and maybe 1% of these people have "unfixable" traits. The rest are people who simply do not know how to be efficient. Start small, build up. You don't need to be the next Bill Gates, only to do enough for you to be happy about your progress. You mentioned 0 attempt to self-improve in the video - which is an ESSENTIAL part of medicating - only stuffing yourself full of meds hoping for all your problems to go away. That simply does not work.
I was diagnosed with ADHD several times when I was a kid, and my mother had me change schools to keep me from taking meds (that stuff will mess up a growing body) until I was finally forced to take it in middle school, and then I ended up over taking it in high school. And while it did work sometimes I could feel it had severe negative effects on my body. This might be contentious but for me I realized my supposed ADHD was more likely a coping mechanism of shutting everything out around me that I acquired from childhood trauma. My parents got divorced early and my dad had extreme anger issues and was probably bipolar. Even though I'm back in school now and still have some trouble focusing I can do it if I focus on creating good habits, for me the meds are not necessary.
The (very american) concept of multi-tasking can create adhd to some people too. People don't realize how multi-tasking affects your brain.
that second med u took is just how my adhd sometimes works, sounds like a terrible med for u at least xd
Well, that’s why I take two different kinds of ADHD medicine! Also, you should probably get tested for ASD! There’s a fairly high prevalence of ADHD among individuals with ASD, and ADHD can often camouflage for ASD
I've been taking vivance for years and I have a bit of a problem with my breathing too, except instead of feeling like I'm out of breath I constantly feel like I need to sigh/yawn. When I go to do it though, I can never actually get the relief/feeling of a yawn/sigh. It's really annoying.
This video is perfect for explaining to my mom what my dumbass is doing when I take Vyvanse xD Thanks Ice cream sandwich!
Was diagnosed only a year ago or so I'm 26 and meds have changed my life. I'm on concerta and had to increase 3 times may even need another increase but cant live without it now lol. My buddie is who made me aware of ADHD hence why I got checked and he said to avoid adderall he said it didnt work for him. would recommend concerta it's slow release and seems to be pretty balanced threw out the day. Wish you luck and anyone else who's going threw this, you're not alone :)
I have ADHD :) like when I get an answer I forget in instantly then I am going to write it down I want no meds and I have never had meds in my life other then bandages and bandades :) I am sad and happy because I can forget easily when I want to forget :)
Bring back the cow! I don´t want to hear about your f***ing illness! I wanted to hear the song!!!! Give COW!
Just my advice to anyone with ADHD and low iron, take iron supplements and eat more high iron foods. I had low iron concentration in my blood for most of my life, having enough iron helps me a lot with concentration and maintaining my train of thought. Also try taking Vitamin C around the same time as it helps with iron absorption.  Edit: don’t give iron supplements to young kids without doctor recommendation first.
I have just recently started taking Strattera because I was having issues in school. Six weeks into the medicine (which is the amount of time it takes for it to reach maximum effectiveness) and I've been feeling great with generally no bad side effects! I am able to stay focused on school subjects longer than before. It has also helped me focus longer in some of the competitive video games that I play.
I have such an irrational fear of being medicated even though I definitely should be medicated. This isn’t about ADHD Im relatively productive and my train of thought is an absolute disaster to anyone that isn’t me, but it isn’t inconveniencing me in any way. The issue is that I have like DEBILITATING anxiety and depression but I’m so scared that when I start taking meds I might be somehow in danger of myself or it might throw my whole life out of order due to the whole process of finding the right medications so I’m just stuck in this perpetual state of “well this is hell but the alternative is both potentially better and so much worse so maybe I just shouldn’t mess with it”
Having ADHD fucking blows. I was diagnosed very early when I was a kid. And it sucked having to go through those early medicine days. Some of them had cocaine if I remember correctly. And I just remembered my mood being like day and night. I was running around thinking I was sonic one day,But when I took those medication I just sat down and didn't talk to anyone, I didn't move unless I had to pee or go back to class. And my mom noticed how drastically it changed me. And felt that I shouldn't be on them. I still don't know how I would feel if I went back to them
I mean you're able to make funny videos to completion with millions of views - maybe this is just how you were intended to be. If a bear poops in the woods I don't complain why do bears poop in the woods...thats just nature man. Go with it.
Been on so many meds for ADHD in my life ive lost count.. sonik the crisis from the meds not working right.....I am not ADHD btw so... Yaaaa
so, if I took that second pill with my adhd + depression, would I just concentrate on doing absolutely nothing?
One thing that you seem to have avoided but was a big issue for me with Ritalin is tics. The kinds of tics I got from Ritalin forced me to take full breaths each time to the point of being slightly painful and definitely uncomfortable. Vyvanse works great for me though. The thing about focusing you mention with Vyvanse is the same for me where I get the ability to focus, but there's no guarantee that it doesn't mean watching documentaries for 7 hours. In my case though I can still remind myself that I'm not doing what I'm supposed to and while I'm not as productive as a normal person its an upgrade over not having any focus or control over my thoughts.
I also have adhd but my parents were very against medication while I was growing up. So I’ve been unmedicated my entire life and while I would like to try it apart of me is like is there a point? Im an adult now I idk how much it would do
These characters are so cute!
✨0:47 fav part✨
You missed the crippling depression stage after you've been medicated for at least 5 years.
I would just like to point out that vyvanse(lisdexamphetamine) is converted into adderal(dexamphetamine) in your body once you take it and this process takes time and thus vyvanse will be much longer lasting the actual drug acting in your body is still identical
These are so entertaining and spot on
If you adjust your sugar intake to a very low to non account it will help too I have been in "homes" shared with 12 adhd kids And they did a try out.. Only fresh food and conplete no sugar...  It worked. i think adhd is a intolleracne of sugar.
My girl has always been severely ADHD.....and I'm SEVERELY BiPolar..... we've had a few therapists tell us we don't belong together due to the mixture of our mental disorders. And yep, she's a handful 😂 But I'd die for her, my little ADD KITTY ☠️😍 PS, medication helps SO MUCH 😅
vyvanse is also an amphetamine not just adderall
I also remember taking adderall for my ADHD. The first time it hit me, i clraned my room. I also went off it and no longer wanted to take it because it felt like taking an addictive substance. I felt if I kept taking it I would be addicted to it.
Keep in mind that even people who don’t have ADHD struggle with distractions. I might be a little obsessed with productivity and you’d be surprised how much of the “productivity meta” so to speak is centered around minimizing potential distractions. To the point of physically separating yourself from them like having a dedicated office or even separate phones and computers just for work. Even the people I look up to who seem to have a superhuman ability to produce work readily admit that something as small as a text can lead to a distraction that can derail an entire day for them. That’s not to say that those kinds of measures would be a solution for people with ADHD because they don’t stop you from distracting yourself, but my point is rather that you should have realistic expectations about what to get out of medication and not think that it’ll give you a superhuman ability to focus.
Very accurate, i however like having ADHD, it makes things a bit more “interesting” 😂 I have swapped to concerta in highschool after vivance and aderall and it works for me
While this video is great, it's extremely quiet. Please adjust your audio levels by about +10db so we don't have to :D  Also, never forget that psych "medications" are tools to oppress regular emotions, sensations and people to make us all compliant worker drones.
Guh so inspiring
It sounds like you had the reverse of my experience: I was diagnosed as an adult and I tried a bunch of medication, but none of them even affected me. I was taking huge doses of stimulants and didn't notice a single change. On some level I got quite jealous of people who were able to take the medication and just feel better... recovery feels like something that will always be outside my reach.
I used to take ADHD meds. in school but can't remember what I took, but I feel like there's no sweet spot in terms of "normal"  What I can remember from taking meds. is that they would make me focus on whatever topic is being taught but essentially turn me into an emotionless zombie. Which really upset me because I found myself being very quiet and not laughing at things that I know I would think are funny. I also couldn't contribute anything funny in my friend group. This got so irritating to the point where I would take ADHD meds. and then bring a bottle to sweet tea loaded with sugar to give me a bit more energy. But, I feel like it was essentially canceling the intended effect of the medicine, to focus.
Cbt works way better with adhd then meds 💊 as it more about making changes to your habit of doing everything else other than work its not fucking with your brain chemistry 😵...our brains work differently so we need to find those different ways to make our brain work
Oh my god the vyvanse shit is so true, I am literrally a hiccup and an email away from getting into the electronics industry as a self taught (after flopping my umpteenth attempt at qualifying for uni because i slacked off on blueprinting stuff I decided to just fiddle with in the breaks, those breaks never ended did  they?)) but i also havent showered yet and I am watching youtube with an undying focus because i have fucked up and miscommunicated to my brain that youtube is the important task today. Vyvanse is like a reality altering wizard that just cuts out everything else including feelings like hunger and love, it requires self discipline, otherwise it doesnt "work" except it does, you are just focusing too hard on procrastinating  thanks for being relatable this was so hard to find anyone's experience on
it's kinda like my modafinil experience
you can try pharmacogenetic test to know which one is best for you
You diagnosed yourself? Nice
:)
Try the "slap treatment". Have someone slap the living #### out of you when you get distracted. Never worked for me 🙂
For the "don't stop taking your meds", us that really the advice? My psych told me if I gave really bad side effects to just stop.
I'm genuinely curious about this because I don't know,  why would it be bad to stop taking meds?
oh my god the doing and focusing tasks are different THATS WHY OH MY GOD
FUN STORY: So back in the day when I first got Diagnosed with ADHD, I  was playing a video game called, F.E.A.R.  The game is full of hallucinations, particularly shadows, or things happening that shouldn't be happening. Well the Doctor put me on Adderall XR. a side effect I had was 100% Insomnia. Well I was awake for so long I began to hallucinate, and playing a video game where the character is hallucinating... I was unable to tell the difference between hallucinations in game and real life.  Then I saw this creature, insect thing (house scorpion, as they were called. It's not an actual Scorpion though.) something I Had never seen before... fall off the wall into a pile of rubbish, but because it interracted with the rubbish I knew itw as REAL!  "HOLY HELL!"   later I saw a shadow that usually runs away when I look at it, this one didn't... a blob on the wall. It shot at me, and I fell out of my chair. Almost hitting my head on a piece of metal, I concluded, "I need to see my doctor..."   :P  It was nuts!
So you had Symptoms, were you actually Diagnosed?
This is a bit misinformed. Vyvanse is effectively the same as Adderall, but it's processed in your liver. The same medication is coming out the other end, the same medication is doing dopamine things in ya brain. Adderall is also not 'M'. That's a dangerous misunderstanding of the medication and this notion is used to perpetuate the stigma surrounding people who rely on meds to just do life things.
WHO EVEN MADE MATH
Bro was giving himself heart attacks lol
How do you know nordvpn dont work on your butt?
For those watching. The advice about "do not stop taking the meds" applies to meds that you are supposed to take daily, old school standard "not-meth" Adderal is recommended not to be taken every day.
I  was lucky enough for my particular ADHD brain to do really really well in a school setting. I'm an inattentive type rather than hyperactive, so I would just go to class and sit down and absorb information like a passive sponge in a near-catatonic state. I'd fight God before I took any notes, but I was lucky enough to be good at absorbing info podcast style and then regurgitating it on a test later, without having to really process it.  ...sadly my compensatory superpower didn't end up being helpful in the workplace where passive listening and then repeating back is worth next to nothing.
Yeah, like a lot of people, I was diagnosed later in life because my symptoms manifested more as the space cadet-y way as a kid.  Now I'm on medication, but apparently I have a gene that likes to metabolize a lot of these types of meds really quickly.  After so long of feeling like I was not trying hard enough, i would like that gene to try a little less, thank you very much
Metal pipe
For the most part unmedicated has been my best experience, redilin was trippy as fuck I kept doing weird things and focusing on everything and nothing at the same time so it didn't do squat, except made me want to draw highly textured images of walls when I was 7. Concerta made me feel tired and lack of apitite to the point of starvation setting in, the tiredness was probably from the aptitite issues, and it can also cause heart attacks, and the first time I had a chest pain I found out one of my friends had a heart attack as a kid from the meds so I stopped taking it and then I realized that doctors are paid to push these pills even if they know they don't work and my doctor had pens from the drug manufacture for all the drugs he was prescribing me and he basically was doing this and fucking over people who didn't even have the condition, I very much so did but the meds were not working.
those physical side effects are actually why i stopped taking my adhd medication too. it got to the point where my joints and bones literally felt dry lol. getting a dog and training him to a routine actually really helped me with my adhd symptoms. i remember to eat, go outside, and take breaks instead of getting stuck in my hyperfocus loops. not every single day is productive but it's definitely become much more managable! he's also picked up on my adhd quirks and will herd me back to my desk when i wander because he hates it when he's napping and i suddenly disappear and make a ruckus in the other side of my apartment lol
I have many symptoms of ADHD but I don’t know if I do so I can’t say I do or don’t so I say I “might”
I have limited experience with Ritalin, but my technique, which so far seems effective, is to take it not long before I start the task I have to focus on. That way, by the time it kicks in, I am already doing the thing and I just do lots and lots of the thing. It (for me) solves the problem of getting really focused but on the wrong task  Sober mind picks and begins task Ritalin mind does follow through!  Win!
YES also me irl at the end " WhoaAhaoa i almost droped my phone *phone falls to flor*"
My experience with Ritalin is that it gets rid of all the background noise and lets me have a single train of thought. Helps with focus because I only have the one thought process at a time. Works pretty well for me.
I took adderall for my adhd from 3rd grade all the way till 10th grade. My dose would go up every other year. But I noticed it made me feel like a zombie like I was just floating through my day like i was just in limbo. It made super tired through the day as well. It also made me have 0 appetite and gave me really bad texture problems where I couldn’t eat food I would normally enjoy. It’s been some years since Iv been off of medication for my adhd so my memory is a bit hazy
There are a lot more options to try fortunately and unfortunately. If you feel stimulants are too strong, there are off label pills like strattera or nuvigil. That being said, drugs is not the complete package if you don't have the skills or awareness on how to use them. They'll give you the ability to do things but its up to the person to use them correctly. Therapy is pretty good for this.
Concerta Gang
As a diagnosed adult, I thankfully had the opposite results; hopefully whomever can find what works for them.
lol vyvanse is also a amphetamine. it’s very similar to adderal.
Song ?
dont worry i forgot to unsubcribe
I had to go watch the cow video for a miniute before contiuing this video....
Oh and not to mention side effects I lost 4Kg (8.8 pounds) in like a month with out trying and yes u can look at it and be like “oh wow that’s great weight loss” but for me it was dangerous I lost that weight because I physically couldn’t tell I was hungry and so I was eating very little during the day and I would just keep working until the meds ran off and then I would eat dinner. I’m type one diabetic not only is my medication for that dependence on my weight but me not eating could easily end with me in hospital.  ADHD meds can be great you just need to think about what you need and how they effect you as a person
medications are literal crack and will drain the life out of you. use sparingly.
1:07 Paused there, to search for the fucking polish cow and to write this fucking comment, twenty, fucking, minutes later. Let's continue.
1:32 *why wonder? WHEN WE CAN FIND OUT!* lol This is the only guy i actually fully watch he’s Ads because he makes it fun and adds it comedy.
I had ADHD really bad as a kid.  My dad didn’t believe in things like ADHD and thought I was just acting out and needed to be straightened out while my mom did believe in medical conditions like ADHD and took me to the doctor who referred me to a specialist to get diagnosed. ( amusing enough I ended up going to 2 doctors with one diagnosing me with bad ADHD and other saying I had ADHD AND ADD, but to this day I’m not sure if they meant I had both or if they were using the term interchangeably)  They put me a medicine call Stretara (not sure if spelling it right and to lazy to look up the correct spelling) and when the child dose didn’t work on my hyperactivity they put me on adult dosage  (I was about 8).   My grades by that point were average aside from reading comprehension, but the meds turned me to a complete zombie.  No energy at all.  It got so bad my dad even got freaked out by it, and my parents agreed to pull me off cold turkey.  I was barely on the meds  a few months but I can still remember it very well.    Fast forward 20 years and I graduated top of my high school class and very high up in my college for a 4 year degree in business administrations and managerial finance all without meds.   My ADHD didn’t go away, but as I got older I learned how to direct it towards tasks rather than control it.  To this day my wife still says I should get medicated because I still have all the signs of ADHD, but to tell the truth at this point it’s an integral part of who I am and I’m afraid I’d lose all my creativity if I took meds to suppress that side of me.    It does still drive me crazy from time to time  (especially when I try to do something but end up doing something else, and never being able to complete a project) but I just chalk it up to being who I am.
it sounds like your vyvanse dose was initially way too high. it's one of those medications that can work well even if you lower it by 10mg-20mg for your next try, and imo it becomes more effective if you take it at roughly the same time every day give or take half an hour. vyvanse can be a little exhausting for your body, especially if it exacerbates insomnia. which is super hard if you have ADHD, but phone alarms definitely help.
Man, I had the exact same path as u lol
Adderall is speed... not meth. But... it is interesting how differing people experience different medications differently.
Concerta slow release has helped me a lot, but obviously it's different for everyone. I'm sure there's something that'll work for you without symptoms.
The conclusion i got from this video is that adhd meds are like coding for the mind. What do you think
HOLY F the overlapping of talking is tooooooooooo relatable lmaooo
Ok unsubscribing 😂😂
Oh my gosh oh my gosh ooooooh my goooooosh everything you just described is soooo crazy accurate and exactly what I have been and was going through with my ADHD! I swear its videos like THIS is the reason why I started looking into what ADHD was, because as someone who is now in their 30's....I've only recently discovered I had this problem and BRUH! The struggles throughout the years were ROUGH! Heh heh yep yep, as recently as mid  last year is when I started taking meds, and yep just like you I was trying out different meds and coming across MANY that just wasn't working for me. Literally how you experienced going through your trials. But me, even though most of the meds I was trying just wasn't cut out for me, I wasn't going to give up! I definitely spoke to my doctor each and every time I had issues with the different meds...Up until recently...My doctor prescribed me to a different med, and I have to say....I think this one IIIIS the one for me! its not to powerful of an effect on me, but its just enough for me to truly feel how its changing my day to day life. And finally I am able to focus GREATLY on getting my most treasured and longtime project started WOOT!  I know how you feel giving up on something you feel isn't working for you. Trust me I did the same exact things!! I also stopped taking a few that I definitively felt wasn't for me. But there are many out there, and I am not encouraging you to keep trying them, but I doooo truly think you should keep experimenting with more. AH! Thank you so much for making this video! it made me laugh, and made me nod my head, and it made me understand more ^^ TY!
Every one of his videos has that one moment where I SMASH that like button and this time it was the trumpets
Yes! The ability to "just do it" is a fucking superpower. First time I tried my meds I thought "How were neurotypical people not yet able to go into space and figure all the sh*t out, when their brains just allows them to do things?" Like, I was honestly disappointed in my fellow humans 😂  Oh, yeah, I'm good with my meds, but also take a low dose. I also just take them when I feel like I need them. At least with the ones I'm talking, there's no level being build up anyway (as compared to most anti depressants) and just not taking them doesn't have any adverse effects.
My favorite is caffeine
Adderall has the same effect as meth but it’s just dosed well. If you take it as prescribed I think it’s great.
Yeah okay that's cool whatever, what's the name of the cow video???     (Ps this was actually very helpful and informative)
After being told by an older person that it was like taking legal meth, I quit taking it all together. I was on a very high dosage of Vivance that would make me lose my appetite and have some of the craziest thoughts I’ve ever had. it was like my body was in hyper speed but sitting still all at once. It gave me a lot of anxiety to the point I had to get medication for that as well.
cracked me up when the medication walked in and asked who’s in charge here and the dopamine is just laying still in a corner
Ritalin works perfectly for me.
my adhd is two types, either im completely and utterly crazy, super hyper and no filter, cant focus well at all and its nutty, or im very sleepy and nap alot, thats the annoying one when im too sleepy but i need to get things done
If you can make such a video , I doubt you have adhd ;)
I am not trying to dissuade anyone from treating their ADHD with stimulants, I take vyvanse and it works great for me. However, as a pharmacy student I have to point out that all stimulants on the market in the USA are basically meth. Meth is short for methamphetamine, Vyvanse is the brand name for lisdexamfetamine. (dex)Amphetamine is the active ingredient that produces the effect in both drugs. The lisdex- part of the name has to do with isomers and prodrug formulations, and can be really complicated to explain without pictures.  As with most medications (drugs) it's important to use them for the right reason. The drug itself is not inherently evil it is a tool, it can be used to help or to hurt. Adderall is a combination of different forms of amphetamine.  Drugs do not cure ADHD, but they can help you put other measures in place to help manage the symptoms. I know that my friend who has ADHD wakes up an hour early to take their meds, then just lays in bed/falls back asleep until they kick in. That way they aren't already distracted when they kick in. For me, Vyvanse mostly doesn't produce hyperfocus, it just lets me control what I focus on. Sometimes it does make my hyperfocus but it also makes it easier for me to switch out of hyperfocus mode. Mostly it helps/lets me do really boring things, such as read a scientific article and analyze statistics (which I hate), or cook a recipe (which used to be too overwhelming if I wasn't hyperfoucsed on it at the right time).
The thing you said about being out of breath is the same thing that happens when you’re coming down from MDMA lol
I got started on Ritalin after being diagnosed with Adhd as an adult. It really did help me focus and calm me down enough to DO work like i needed to. It was really a strange emotional experience though. Reeeeally fucked with me psychologically, depressive episodes, disassociation, sensory overload once it wore off, etc.   I remember cooking chopping some mushrooms or something, no music, no background video, no distractions and it felt so calm and peaceful. It was amazing! I could just do the thing i needed to do. But other days i felt like i couldn't eat, couldn't sleep, i felt uncomfortable in my own skin and like i wasnt even in my own body to begin with.   Stopped taking it after I graduated from Uni cause I didnt need to focus on writing papers and studying anymore. Not worth the mental strain. Thankfully my job now is very adhd friendly
Anyone who can make a good youtube video doesn't have ADHD, change my mind.
I don’t think ADHD is a real thing. Stop patting yourself on the back thinking you have some illness blocking you from focusing. All people feel this way it isn’t something weird or abnormal. Please do not take meds that mess with your brain just go do the work.
1:57 had me busting up, because god damn my dopamine system is probably very much like that. Deflated on the cluttered chaotic foundation that is my mindscape.
I've been taking 30mg for around 3 years and I've been thinking of lowering the dosage to 10mg, I feel like I have to try living without it for a while to check if I really need it and to have a better understanding of what it does to me
I love my Vyvanse man
Just unsubscribed ✅
How can I unsubscribe when I'm not subscribed? I just subscribed and now to unsubscribe.... oh wait what was I doing?
ADHD is neither fun or intresting, medication will not help it will only make you feel empty, so instead of falling into the pit of believing that nothing will help, change your lifestyle and mindset, i assure you it will work but it doesnt completely go away
This video captures ADHD so perfectly 😂 glad it randomly showed up in my feed.
i took meds for it as a child and wow i was crying all the time for no reason and just seemed realy depressed knowing thers share similar stories is comforting
It may help if you get CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy)! They can give you strategies while you’re on the meds. It’s hard to just deal with adhd alone and I know for me, my life really only started to improve when I combined meds and therapy.
I`ll share my story too. I was diagnosed late and it was such a random, messy process but finally I was able to start meds cause I was really struggling at uni, but in just about 2 months I`ve realized I had zero motivation to do anything like my biggest dreams in life started to seem pointless, I`ve kept myself busy with hanging out with my friends as much as I could but the thought of going back to my dorm used to make me feel so miserable every single day. Yk some days you wake up feeling really bad and nothing seems to give you joy, nothing interests you and all you can do is to wait till it ends, i was feeling like that all the time. Then I finally realized the reason was meds and I also cut them of without consulting cause now I have noone to reach thanks to the country i live in, they just can`t run it:(
You p#ssy, you have a super power once you learn to harness it. Enjoy your drugs.
This video reminded me to take my adhd medication
Rookie numbers, im on 250 mg of amphetamines (mydayis) and can still sleep comfortably
You should do a math video so my teacher can play you in my class 😀😀😀😀
W0W
Anecdote after anecdote after anecdote. Folks, your ADHD is as individual as you are, what works for me might not work for you. Always discuss your options and your medications with a professional such as your doctor or your psychiatrist. They know you a hell of a lot better than random people on the internet. Never look for medical or psychiatric advice in comment sections.
Yet all these ADHd’ers still scroll on TikTok and wonder why they can’t focus.
why was there a ad of ADHD coincidence i think not.
Can I point out that adderall is NOT meth, nor is it "basically meth" that is a harmful stereotype and isn't based in reality
The thing that helps me the most with my unmedicated adhd (those hands can make ur hands shaky at 55 and i ´m trying to be an illustrator) is like a pyramid of things. Like base level is routin and physical stuff (using a lot of post it , using shelves instead of drawer to have visible access, ect…find wich for u)that helps with day to day anxiety and routine is pavlovan training urself (wich can work)this level can help you implement mental system to function (because daily stuff is taken care off) and those system can help with stability and long term anxiety and focus
I know I’m not the only one: https://youtu.be/rRPQs_kM_nw
"Don't Forget to unsubscribe."  *Emplemon enters the chat*  "That's my line." lol.
concerta is like  work?  nah, 4 1/2 hour walk
Song lol I need it
I know so many people on   meds for their "ADHD". They're so jacked up and they never shut up it's impossible to be able to even begin to stand them and being their presence. I can tell in like 2 seconds if someone's hopped up on adderal. It's basically speed and everyone takes it, yay! Massive eye roll...
Vyvanse was AWFUL for me. It made me tired and irritable.  I've been on 36mg ER Concerta since I was 13 (now 23) and it works well for me.  Some people I know have had to adjust their meds a lot of times. I consider myself pretty lucky to have had as much success as I have.
tips: Take a break from entertainment and time-killing activities. Use computer only for work and then turn if off and walk away. Try meditating and purposefully slowing down. Try sitting on the floor on a soft surface like a blanket or some grass. Lay off the sugar. Sleep 8 hours. Regular exercise. Circadian rhythm. Try fasting, optionally start with intermittent fasting. I mean don't drink or eat anything besides water. No smoothies, no soups, no tea or coffee. These may not work for you, but they definitely can for many people. Don't do meth. If those don't work, look into natural herbs. If you have enough income, do lab testing for brain chemical imbalances and nutritional deficiencies. Good luck!
before everyone thinks they have ADHD, most of you are just dumb...
Thank you so much I really needed this
I took adderal once and I felt like a whole different person. I sat down and wrote 28 pages of notes for a 12-page study and then wrote a five-page paper all in like 3 hrs. That was before I was even diagnose, I just desperately needed something to help me so my friend gave me one. Now I just started a new med, a blood pressure med that has the side effect of helping with attention deficit which is weird but okay.
Life must be amazing with a natural high occurring naturally...
I went through all the meds you rattled off and some you didnt as a kid made growing up hell. Imo they feel blehh.
your video qualitt has really skyrocketed since meth 😁😁
I’ve been medicated since second  grade, I take concerta (it’s extended release name brand Ritalin) and I honestly do not know what the fuck I would have done without it. I’m a compsci major and I would be dropping out of college without it.  I think realistically the best way for medication to work with ADHD is to learn how to use the medication, I just sort of learned naturally, I’m used to doing work on this medication and living my life on it.  Your mind also sort of learns how to deal with the effects while feeling normal.  Idk, it’s different for everyone.  Honestly the worst thing about it is I can’t nap, and I have a hard time eating in the morning.
I am watching this video instead of studying for my physics test tomorrow
My dad once accidentally  took my ADHD meds, he said it felt like being on crack mixed with meth
The volume on this video was really low. But it's ok, this video gave us insight.
🎶Tylko jedno w głowie maaam, koksu 5 graaam 🎵🎵
Im on strattera 60mg and its kinda cool. I recommend people trying it out. The only problem is the side effects could be too much for some people.
you described the feeling of being on Vyvanse so well
My bf told me recently about his adhd symtomps, the more he talked about it, the more i feel like he’s been describing me. I don’t want to self diagnosed, but i thinkboth of us have the same thing
dude what is this video. at first i was like hell yeah he doing good, he makes youtubes. but by the end i was laughing so hard like yeah.... this guys gots the 80HD. thanks for sharing your experience. you make good content even if its pointless. <3
try concerta
I’m at this point where I basically know I have adhd for a fact but I struggle with my addictions anxiety depression already and I don’t know if I also want to get treated for that idk I hate this
used them for like 2-3 years while ar highschool. they worked but it was so fucking frustrating and making me feel like a slave robot that is born to study so i stopped taking them. i am at university now and i feel like i dont need them anymore. i took a career path i liked so i dont need to make myself use drugs to work on it now.
Why are the thumbnails getting INVERTED?
The one with the 2+2. =... Is totally me in math-
I... i think i might have ADHD?....
Interesting
Been on Strattera for a year now. Best decision I've ever made.
Drugs is the cowards way out.
try different strains of marijuana for focus it’s helped me face my adhd headfirst and take control of my brain
Everyone in the comment section talking abt their experience with ADHD. But I'm wondering abt what's the sauce for the dancing cow?
I love when people who are addicted to legal meth try to convince you (and themselves) they need it medically 😂😂
I like the thumbnail :>
Omega 3, vitamin D, Zinc, and Magnesium. Just trust me please
for me when I don't take Vyvanse I feel like I'm wading around in waist deep mud
My teachers asked my dad if he wanted to have me diagnosed  He was short on cash so he put me in the gym instead. It worked and i don't have any mental problems (aside from PTSD but that's what happens in rural ME) according to the doc but it lead me on a curious path..... He was making 80k/year in the early 00s in rural sweden and was somehow short on cash. No idea how.
Stop abusing your medications!
now im pretty sure i have adhd
that way to focus on things is how an Autistic Brain works. I should know.
dont take medication for this shit i beg you
"effectively taking meth" is so absurd. Drinking water isn't "effectively drinking hydrogen peroxide"
After watching both videos, I finally feel like I'm not alone.  But also, how do I explain this to my employer without losing my job?
What you experienced is called hyperfocusing. Great for work… when you hyperfocus on the right thing. Vyvanse helps to keep me awake and treat my binge eating disorder, but I do struggle with doing the correct activity.
You have to take breaks from the meds. 1 day a week off them… minimum
You should have taken Focusin for focus. Also take Adderall too.
I also have it figured out sometime before  I wish I also succeed in Life I know I won't succed in studies
This video is brought to you by: Drugs Drugs, are you taking enough?
Unsubscribed.
heyyyyy I also have adhd! They way you described it in this video was SPOT ON. I am on meds, but I'm on Concerta and the beauty of concerta is that I don't have to take it everyday bc its not one of those meds that builds up in your body, you take it as needed. I also want to be able to focus like that, but for me the meds help me get back on track. It still takes a while and I don't have that hyper focus going on, but they allow me to redirect. Ritalin is also just baby concerta, it just lasts for a shorter amount of time. HOWEVER i am an artist, and I have noticed that when I don't take my meds I'm able to focus on art more, but I think thats because my monkey brain works better with art than writing papers
This is infact true and a person with ADHD (me) approves
And a meme from Poland at the beginning of the video :) BTW you make good videos
Guh
My exact experience with ADHD med. Out meds now and feeling great
Vyvanse IS Adderall, just a slightly different delivery method to make it 'extended-release'; and both are only related to meth. They aren't 'basically meth'.
I... need to be honest. I've been dancing between Concerta and some other adhd medication during I think like... Elementary or Middle School. I've been off of it since College and while I think there's more of a freedom without it... but then I just *forgor.* It's not on purpose, I swear. I just forgor while forcing myself to follow my self-imposed routines to work around my ADHD. But all these routines have made me so exhausted that I just... go prone during my days off. Space out, focus on something in the background. Makes uh... driving a *little* difficult for me.
Vyvanse will make you feel exhausted if you take it and are not looking forward to something, like school or work  Take it from me, I take Vyvanse
I was diagnosed with ADHD-I when I was 7 (and it was just ADD). My parents didn't medicate me until high school for reasons, most of them money related. When I got the meds, It was like someone switched on my auto pilot, it was like I had turned into a robot, programmed to follow every command given. Which lasted for about 8 hours. And once the meds wore off, my robot brain would short-circuit, my eyes turned red and I was ready to destroy all of humanity if any human so much as breathed near me as my body crumpled into bed or onto the couch. I HATED it. In my senior year I told my parents not to refill the prescription, why I needed this to happen and they agreed. And I have been a mostly functional adult human for 11 years.
I swear the cow song will haunt my ADHD brain into all eternety
1. Never! Mix! Meds! 2. Oh my god, what if I mixed these meds?
I'm from Germany and I have ADHD (ADHS in german) and I'm taking MPH (Medikinet retard 30mg) and I had a really tough time with them, I didn't wanted to eat and didn't had the hunger feeling, got depression and didn't follow any of my hobbies anymore and didn't wanted to go out, even to school, which are side effects of this medication, my grades got really bad in school that I nearly lost my graduation But then I put them down myself, I told myself that I could do it and after some time I learned how to handle my ADHD and my grades got better I'm not really happy with my graduation because it could be better but I'm happy I'm happy that I don't need that medication and I'm happy that I learned how to handle my ADHD ADHD is scary and so are the medications, if you feel like it's going down because of MPH medication, try to put them down while summer break and work on yourself, if it won't help and you don't see any progress in your behavior then try different medications of MPH that are made for you But if you can do it and learn how to handle your ADHD then you will maybe happy and I will be proud of you It's a really big and hard step, but once you get it then you can do everything
Based
Here in Finland many adults who get diagnosis for ADHD will not get the medication for it. The doctors try to find all the excuses not to start ADHD medication.  For example if you have high blood pressure then no. Which is strange because in many other coutries you can have much worse heart problems and still get ADHD medication as an adult.
either i have adhd or adhd people are very relatable because i have experienced everything andy said
That out of breath feeling is likely from the long term adrenergic effects of amphetamines. Your friend says vyvanse is different, but they are both amphetamines. One dexamphetamine, and one amphetamine salt. This effect at first raises heart rate and blood pressure which you won’t notice until an acute kidney injury occurs because of the long term adrenergic effect of this med. If anyone else experiences this problem, it’s likely your kidneys are not working properly which is just about as bad as your heart not working properly. So I would agree to not take it if this occurs. Not medical advice, just personal.
My experience was similar, I'm taking vyvanse. I got diagnosed last year and started medications. I've realised that you get the symptoms described in the video when you take the tablets everyday. I've got a strict no more than 3 days in a row rule and now they work as desired. You need to give your body a chance to return to baseline and to get quality sleep. Also I found that writing a todo list for 'crackhead me' as I call it, works really well.
As someone who’s not on meds and can get things done try caffeine. If you have a similar version I do, stimulants can help fill holes in your preverbal wiring. It may not work for everyone, but it helps so so I suggest it to others.
Yeah talk to your psych about Vyvanse because Aderall is meth when both adderal and Vyvanse are amphetamines Vyvanse is an amphetamine attached to amino acids your liver has to break it down so you cant snort it lol
When you mentioned all the things you did In the last video that were ADHD symptoms, I had to stop and count: I had 68 open tabs on chrome and I spent 30 minutes debating this with myself until I remembered I was trying to find the show Wild C.A.T.S. on tubi...
Adderall isn't meth. It's speed. Like, literally, clinical grade speed. Not meth. Saying it's essentially meth is like saying it's essentially ecstasy - not very accurate at all.
1:34 lmfao me
Yasss yassss yasssss
There is no such thing as adhd, it’s just a way for people to medicate you
There are more than 2 types of meds. I’m on atomoxetine, it’s great.  Concerta and lisdex emphetmines fucked me up
This video is absolute garbage. Put an ad just in the very middle of your "scientific" explanation about ADHD to have the best attention to distract us once again
what you need is to be put in some war, or constant flight or flight situation for a couple of years, the constant fear of losing your actual head ought to do it
Im 17 years diagnosed and iv only used medikinet and i started off with 10 mil i had bad and sudden black outs where id just drop wake up and have no memory as well as became heavily malnourished because i put me off eating soo much that went for 1-2 years then i got moved to 5 mil which has been fine the last 14 ish years
Hey Ice Cream sandwich, Love your videos! ❤ Started following you before I got my ADHD diagnosis because I found them so funny and soothingly relatable:3  I'm on elvanse rn which has the same active ingredient as Vyvanse I think. I start to feel similar side-effects and wonder if I'm on the wrong dosage. What dosage did you take while experiencing those things? 🧡🐠
0:11 polishya
One of my friends showed me this channel last year and now i cant stop watching the vids. They to funny
I got ADHD but I ain't ever taking medication. That's how they trap u in their money scam
My symptoms are very severe when I'm off my meds. For me, I take something called methylphenidate and it works wonders!   If I'm not on my meds, I can't focus on anything but I also get incredibly hyperactive, imagine like a never ending severe sugar rush. Takes around 10 most minutes to kick in for me and while my symptoms are not gone, it mitigates it enough that I can function like a normal human being in society. When I go into work if I forget my meds, its automatically a very unproductive and distraxting day filled with people giving me weird looks for chuckling like an idiot over the smallest things and not being able to sit still as a fully grown adult in a professional environment.
I love how they point at "Dopamine" as the guy in charge.
Try using focusmate. Helps force u into the mindset because sense of urgency
You should try ritalin my brother takes it
More dancing cow pls
I learned to do all things parallel. Was hard but you can train it and now i love it. I can listen to some one and have 8 different thoughts. I love i can consume many media at the same time and focusing on each at the same time. I love adhd and stop taking my pills early without telling my parents. Tool them for 1 or 2 years
My fucking computer
Vyvanse is an amphetamine too. Adderall, Vyvanse, and meth all are. Adderall is 75% dextroamphetamine + 25% levoamphetamine. Vyvanse is lisdexamfetamine, which is a prodrug of dextroamphetamine (i.e. it's broken down by your body into dextroamphetamine which is the real active drug). As for meth, well if it's pure pharma grade stuff or Walter White stuff it should be 100% dextromethamphetamine (not to be confused with dextroamphetamine). But street meth might have some levomethamphetamine mixed in as well as who knows what other crap (cutting agents used by dealers, leftover crap from the manufacturing process, etc.).  Don't worry about prescribed amphetamines for ADHD though. At small doses like the kind used for ADHD, it's fine. Recreational meth users take MUCH higher doses, they may smoke, snort, or inject it, and also street meth is impure, which is where the real problems come from. People taking it for ADHD don't do any of that (or shouldn't at least).
healthy drugs
The opening cow joke made me look up a 20 minute version, switch to another song 30 seconds later, build a playlist of all the best songs from the early 3D sonic catalog. It's been a week and I'm back to finish the video.
Yeah vyvanse made me completely lose my appetite, but I take concerta now and that works great
why the audio volume so low
They're both essentially meth.  What I heard is that ADHD is not actually related to dopamine stuff or something, and that the medication is kind of not really fixing the problem, just a band aid that also comes with abdication and brain changes for the worse.  They have to figure something out... It might just be you know. A different kind of person, there's nothing inherently wrong, just a person who's not productive.
Yeah I've been struggling with adhd and depression for a while, I was on Adderall, then Vyvanse, then stopped for a long time because I didn't like how I felt, in hindsight I was on way too high of a dose, now I'm on Ritalin and I still can't seem to get the hang of anything, its been a long time and I'm not sure what to do at this point, I'm gonna stay with the Ritalin for now as its better than not having it but oof, this shit is tough
Medication that are not stimulants: guanfacine (Anti: ADHD, Anxiety, lowers blood pressure) SSRIs (Antidepressants such as Lexapro)  Vyvanse makes meth in your body btw. It's just processed differently.
I have been diagnosed for god knows how long but much longer then I can remember. And for my entire life I have been taking methylphenidate. Which reduces my appetite by a lot which probably didn’t help but focusing was easy.
Dislikes are from those who just prefer an ice cream cone instead
Being on medication makes me think better but being off medication makes me feel better. I can’t seem to have the best of both 😢
Look at 3 factors: 1. Environmental design; is it simple or distracting?  2. Trauma, especially in childhood- which means developmental damage.  3. Gut microbiome and diet.   Dr. Gabor Mate recently has talked about ADHD being caused by trauma, or more broadly, a hostile or depressing world that we constantly escape from, because it's too easy to escape into intense fantasy and dazzling spectacles.   I used to think ADHD was diagnosing the school system and pathologizing kids' natural needs or responses to a nonsense system. (See: Free to Learn by Dr. Peter Gray).  I stopped paying attention to it for a while. Now in the last 2 years, with how common it is plus the madness of the 2020s, it looks stupidly obvious. So much of the modern world drags people in so many different directions. I now think ADHD is diagnosing the environment, but placing fault on individual human beings for being damaged by it.
This is off topic but WHY is the brain so cute
Another thing, there's two subclasses of ADHD Stimulants. Amphetamines(Adderall) and Methylphenidate(Ritalin). Both work differently and people can react to those two very differently. I've heard online that some people are more social and not as focused on Addy vs more focused on Ritalin and less social-able. There are also people who feel like zombies on Ritalin. Basically, you can have different reactions on each drug so trying out various ones is usually better imo to get a feel on what it does.  Also, one thing I learned about these Stims is that since they suppress your appetite and drain more liquids your adverse reaction could be due to that, and you're dehydrated and/or not eating enough, which burns up your bodies resources. I'd recommend drinking at least 2L of water when on it. Also, high amounts of protein since these contain amino acids which are precursors to Dopamine which makes the medication work better.
When you said "never do this" I thought you were going to try and combine medications... never do that
Sucks that the story doesn't end with a nice conclusion, but I guess that's life.
i have adhd to!
"Trying to unsubcribe" --> "Subscibes"
Best way to solve adhd is dopamine detox
5:39 what Autism feels like...
Try Concerta. It's a crab shoot with meds.
wait what was the video about, i was busy googling about the dancing cow thing.
This video is very quiet
I got adhd but I'm not gonna bother getting medication for it :)
I quit Adderall because it suppressed my appetite to the point that I wound wake up in the middle of the night crying because of the pain. It has the same side effects as meth because it basically is meth.
So...a "fun" convoluting fact can be that many ADHD-associated symptoms can also be found in CPTSD and/or undiagnosed adult autism. There is a lot that goes into understand your own brain PLUS understand the wacky way things get convoluted by being tossed around and redefined based on what country, economic situation, or even particular healthcare providers you're working with.  Personally I had to go the route of having my heatlh absolutely collapse in my midtwenties, thinking I had some mystery illness turning me into a purple chronic pain tinnitus bed-ridden zombie. Steroids and adderall, as well as some less by-the-book approaches, turned things around from the very close to grave situation I was in - and it's been annoying to deal with the plateaus in figuring stuff out because, by contrast, the first spark of hope was SO bright and game-changing. And the complexity of really figuring out what the heck happened to get me here and how to go anywhere meaningful going forward is still...woof, it's steep and tangled.  But it's still so very amazing and has given me the kind of optimism that I used to bitterly mock as my young body and mind was turning into a raisin despite all my best efforts and "self-control" and "healthy living" because - yeah. I just figured life was a bunch of lying fake people because, turns out, the same advice doesn't work for everyone - and in fact can have very opposite effects on health, sooner or later - sometimes severely debilitating effects.
I left this video to watch the Polish Cow...
ADHD Assuming Disorders Hurts Development.  I can confidently say that the damage to my self worth after being diagnosed with ADHD had far more negative impacts on my life than the ADHD itself.  Yes ADHD is real, no ADHD is not an accurate or fair characterization. In fact it was likely characterized that way for the exact purposes of destroying a child's self-worth and giving the pharmaceutical companies another avenue to create lifelong customers. (Wouldn't be the first or last time they did that)  Ironically ADHD oftentimes is a trauma response or coping mechanism to "check out" when reality is too stressful or hard. When we medicate, we are not addressing the underlying causes of stress or self-worth issues that can play into it.  Another important point is that many people don't realize these symptoms can start manifesting as a result of childhood circumcision.  Data actually shows a significant correlation between boys who have been circumcised and diagnosed with ADHD.  By all means, if you found a system that works for you that's great. But as long as people are still calling it ADHD, they're addressing symptoms and not what this phenomenon actually is.  If you have ADHD, I challenge you to find something that you really love, and see if it's really as much of a struggle to focus on it. Or if it is just hard for you to do tasks that you don't care about. Even if you do feel like it is something that gets in the way of you living your best life, Don't let it affect yourself worth, and don't let people tell you that only one kind of intelligence matters.
Why are the sound so low?
Literally one of the few vid where I wanted to watch an ad because it was funny indeed
bruh, because of you, that dammed polish cow has been stuck in my head for a WEEK
Meds work great untio they don't 😂 was diagnosed at 25 and it changed my life. To all those who struggle, you've got this! Seek help and talk about what's killing you to your friends. It'll save your life
I do have a suggestion, i am not saying this will fix the problem. i am saying it worked very well for me. You seem to have it worse then i do however. I had no drawbacks or withdraws, Kava Kava, it's a plant it does a thing. it was banned in canada for a while not sure why but it works really well. Gave me focus when i needed it and calm when i looked away from the task. only downside i had well taking it was i became hyper aware of when it's effects ended.
Just a general PSA: Adderall inst basically meth. Its amphetamine (both the right and left handed isomers). Meth is meth-amphetamine, which has an additional methy group which changes a lot of properties. Vyvanse is lis-dex-amphetamine. lis means lysine which is an amino acid, that basically is how it gets its extended release since the body first has to chop that off. dex means it is the right handed isomer of amphetamine, which also is in adderall, and is more potent in most of the effects you want from an ADHD med. There are many more meds for ADHD, not all amphetamines or even stimulants.  You can legitimately get meth (if none of the more common meds work for you, and its bad) for your ADHD; its schedule 2 which means unlike weed its federally legal to be used for medicine.
Dopamine is dead 🫵🏾💀
When i dont take my meds, i become a disposable Walmart bag.
Was diagnosed with ADHD at 8 years old. Took Concerta from 8 to 12 years old. At 12 years old, I was more conscious and really started to feel the effect medication had on me. It would control my brain and I knew exactly what it was doing. It would push me to concentrate on, let's say homework,  and I get be annoyed at anybody who would try to distract me. I was not hungry during the day but when I got home from school I would have a burst of energy and eat everything. I felt like emotionless zombie.  I stopped taking the meds and said screw it I will do this on my own. I finished highschool and some higher education without meds. Still not taking meds to this day, trying my best to manage. Honestly, at this point, I feel like if I do not feel like doing something, it may be more of a motivational question rather than executive dysfunction.  I'm still a student and as much as I want to avoid taking meds, I still wonder if it would help me. I've been thinking of writing this assignment with a head start and I literally cannot get myself to do it. I wrote one page at the beginning of the week and didn't do anything the rest of the week. I had so much time to do it but instead I am here writing a huge paragraph on youtube :D
yeah the more adhd content i see the more i realise how much i relate, but i really didn't want to because everyone nowadays thinks they have it. the explanation of the loop and rationale behind the (poor) decision making, forgetfulness, and "ability to do" is spot on though, i just wish i could get tested for free lmao. i'll keep barely getting by til its impossible without meds i guess, thanks for info on which one i might wanna try.
hi
I hate having adhd
Adderall made me super focused and helped me skip 4th grade because I was in private school and don't know much more about that, considering I was young. But it made me super depressed.
I took meds from 1st grade to 10th grade. I like myself off them but I can’t focus obviously
Slow progress day by day..I split my tasks into a bunch of small ones that my ADHD can swap around between but ultimately I’m still getting the main task done by breaking it into many small ones. Over time and by giving yourself patience, you’ll learn how to live and manage with ADHD. Some people even master the pattern of thinking and become very successful entrepreneurs
"WHERE'S THE GUY IN CHARGE HERE?!" >points to flat pancake< _"ohmygod"_  Yep, this checks out.
Hi
When I was taking meds for ADHD I was a good student but I found out 3 years of my life were gone . And by these I mean I don't remember three years. Oh my life and thats stupid. True I was a good student and a person with lots of concentration I forgot three years of my life. So yahh that beyond defeats the purpose. And the only reason why I know I was a good student was because i was told by my parents how I acted in those three years. Also read the teacher's comments on me
Pretty bad ADD here and that start with the trumpets is such a good explanation. I usually describe it as a thought tornado. Your brain just doesn’t wanna cooperate.  It’s also such an annoying combination with anxiety and depression. Because then I’ll feel bad about not focusing. Think about that and feel even worse and get into negative spirals.  With medication it’s manageable but still very annoying at times. And like you said, I use ritalin and sometimes it also only makes me wanna do physical stuff. I can concentrate on it much better then I can normally. Thinking of it maybe I should ask some time to try some stuff. For me it works but maybe there is something that would solve that.  Also good things about it though, the occasional hyper focus doesn’t happen often but when it does I’m completing a weeks work in a few hours :p
i dont have ADHD but i have ADD, but the meds that i use works :D i use methylphenidate
Remember kids, *D R U G S*
Dude had an anxiety attack. Which is pretty common because you can focus better, and it's harder to not focus on your body and mind state.
Even tho my ADHD makes me unproductive af, the crackhead energy is also the only thing that gets me out of bed in the morning. I told my doc I’ll pass on meds lol
How old were you, its normal for young people to be scattered brained until 25. Especially in the modern chaos.
For me it’s at a point where I feel kinda hopeless as if I’ll never be able to focus and function like a normal person.
I have something similiar. When i have to listen to person and think about what is he saying, my brain just stop working after ~20 sec. Sometimes new different though overlaps, or sometimes i have just....."window". Well, i've got those symptoms after taking second dose of covid antidote.
training your discipline is also an aspect, which is something you can practice more while medicating
5:47 you gained focus but not discipline, there isn’t a pill for that
I can relate so much to this video he summed up adhd so well
"never do this it's very stupid" how about you advocate for doing research before stopping ...
did you know that the main ingredient of adderal is amphetamine, which on the black market is called speed? its not methamphetamine
Instructions unclear: subscribing now
Vyvanse is amazing if you can get your schedule in order and your body doesn't disagree with it. I learned web development, taught myself how to 3d model AND 3d print and am well on my way to launching my own business all within the space of a year. It's like learning to shoot a gun, 80% of it is figuring out how to aim your focus. The rest is safety, when to not take it, eating even when your not hungry.
Concerta is Ritalin They will say methylphenidate hydrochloride Thats Ritalin
ADHD if fun
Brilliant video, perfectly explaining ADHD. You, my good sir, have gained a unsubscribe !
You didn't try concerta?
Tip: try focalin it makes me feel like me and helps me focus on work even if it’s minor like putting my single sock on my chair in the hamper to 1 hour tasks  Edit: I'm not too sure that it's called focalin I'll ask my doctor
Yep. Vyvanse does some weird stuff too ya. I take it. And I have had all those symptoms. Especially that out-of-breath feeling. It aint fun, but after about 3+ years of taking it, I got used to it. Still not fun though. But I think with Vyvanse its not too bad to take breaks from it. Im on spring break right now, so Ive been off it for about a week. I typically take it on weekdays. And it feels so much better taking a break from it. No more constant pounding in the chest. No more shakiness. Its just.... yes. Im not complaining about taking it though. This pill has been great use to me. It helps me focus and get work done faster than ever. But thats just me of course. Its gonna be a little different for others. Now I just realized Im talking to no one, but Im still gonna comment this anyway, because I cant be stopped and like why not share my experiences and thoughts with Vyvanse. I took adderal for a while. Didnt do much for me. Yeah.
You have to pay for medicine? I got diagnosed with ADD and got Methylphenidad and Ritalin for free.
If i were i would keep tring to get the thing for me evey medician works extremly diffarent on even just a brother i got my medicine its atent 40 mg
Polish cow thats the name of the cow song
😂😅 umm yeah… I haven’t even heard of that last med you took but yeah… I have quit my meds frequently (and yes I know that’s not good but brain is a bad place sometimes). Anyway! I have been taking medication for my ADHD since like 2004-5(? Idk exactly when I started) and while I have gone on and off my meds over the years, there have been times where my reasoning was nearly identical to yours. I think there were only two or three times where that decision was actually really good for me to make (two of which were in the middle of college!). One time started mainly because I was too overwhelmed to make sure I was still doing everything I was supposed to (aka taking meds) and I knew that I had a new doctor coming in only a few weeks, so I stopped all meds. That was actually pretty good for me because my mind and body had adapted so well to the type of meds I had been taking (which was nearly 10 years at that point) that I couldn’t take more to help increase their effectiveness because I would overdose (yeah that was a scary thing to find out). But because I had been off of medication for so long when my new medication came in, it took me far less time to feel it’s effects and to know that these were good. The second time in college was when I was trying a new dose of the same medication but within a month of taking it consistently, I was developing migraines around 1 pm that wouldn’t stop until the next morning even with migraine specific painkillers. I dropped that dose like it was hot coals and was able to get the previous dose back. I have been at that dose for nearly 5 years now and while it is effective it doesn’t last as long as I need anymore… then again I work starting at 7am and when I double shift at my jobs I don’t end until 8 or 9 pm…
ADHD meds are crazy bro, the first trial of meds i tried made me constantly out of breath so bad i couldn’t walk or stand. it got so bad that i started getting hot flashes during class and went to the nurse. turns out my blood pressure was so high the nurse didn’t know how i was still alive 💀 went straight to the hospital and got off those meds immediately lol. tried new meds that did nothing so i stopped taking meds (not the best decision ik) now i’m waiting for a psych eval to tell me what i need
I got a question, If you like pizza ,why your name ice cream sandwich?
"medicated" Methamphetamine addiction. It's extremely irresponsible to tell people that stopping stimulant intake is somehow dangerous when they are experiencing side effects from that stimulant intake. You also are pretty stupid to be honest, did you not read the label of the drugs you were taking? If you start experiencing bad symptoms, you stop taking it immediately. Imagine defaulting to covid instead of the very obvious "I am taking a drug that is known to cause shortness of breath." Based on this whole video I wonder if your issue isn't ADHD but just having a severely low IQ.
As somebody with ADHD who took Concerta (Which is also a variation on meth, yay), BE CAREFUL. I woke up two days in a row with the same symptoms you describe, and found out my resting heartbeat was clocking in at 180 BPM. It got so bad that I couldn't even go to school, and had to stop taking the medication as a recommendation from my father (Who is a doctor). ADD medication helps your focus, but at the end of the day, most of them (if not all) are stimulants, which will make your heartbeat go faster, something you want to avoid if you have ADHD because your heartbeat is already naturally faster, I think.
I’ve been on concerta since I was around 6 and in my experience, it’s like glue that holds my brain tgt when I’m doing something I don’t particularly enjoy and increase my processing speed
🙃🙃🙃
Not gonna write an entire essay like everyone else did but basically I have ADHD and all I've done is tune it so it kicks in at the right moments
I have adhd
okay all i can think of is the cow video now; I didn't listen to anything he said.
Make sure to unsubscribe!  Wait-
Am i the only one with ADHD who's most likely to be lack of energy to do tasks but sometimes so energetic so i just think i need to drink more energy drink coz they said that caffeine is important to us with ADHD
I took the meth one once. I stopped taking it because it made my anxiety worse. Rule 1 dont take meth if you have anxiety. It makes you feel lightheaded and unstable and your heart just does whatever the fuck it wants. Idk how other types of adhd med effect anxiety :p
1:05 is a good representation of ADHD brain. You are always at odds with yourself, Conscious you wants to be productive but subconscious you wants quick rewards, and if those two are not on the same page you end up losing the whole day to what ever feels good in the moment but then super guilty about the Time you just Murdered...
Upload more please
I've never been on meds, and I'm scared to try them. I'm an adult now, but still scared to have a bad time.
ADHD is like being on weed but without the drugs, your mind is always a jumbled mess but personally as a person with ADHD and a short term memory problem going on its just a ride i have to deal with  tho thank god i have a great way of spacing my activity's apart and organizing my thoughts on paper because that helps ALOT
Been on the medicine journey for two years now and figuring out a sweet spot - slow-release addy in the morning + wellbutrin at night (it makes me sleepy) (🤬at this amphetamine shortage during my last semester of grad school tho fr 😭)   Anyway, one of the WEIRDEST experiences of Intense Focus I had was the day I learned the true effect of caffeine on the ADHD brain (years before I knew I had it). Was 19 in college, had gotten little sleep > drank a Monster as I got up > friend gave me a caffeine pill at breakfast > sat in my math lecture hall and could only focus on the disconnect between my Very On brain and exhausted body.           - (My thoughts had direction! My body wanted to die!) > so ofc I ordered a doubleshot frap after to make it back to my dorm on > I walked in my room and went right tf to sleep - for several hours lol  TL;DR - Turns out stimulants get me so far until they bring me back around to tired (esp if I take instant-release and add that crash)
Whenever my ADHD becomes a problem  I just slap myself during home life or pinch myself whenever I'm in public in order to tell myself that I have stuff to do  Does it work? Kinda
Yo, I just vacuumed my entire house. So I know I took my adderall but I don’t remember taking it. I only take it on days when I have important school work to do. And today is one of those days. But I woke up late so normally I wouldn’t take it since it keeps you awake. But I vacuumed so I must have since I only vacuum when I am supposed to do something else and I took my meds.  I remember thinking about taking it. But not if I did.  So did I or did I not? Oh well.
well i mean... he did say to...
I'm taking Vyvanse and it works wonders for me!! That's my experience at least :)
Adhd meds simultaneously saved and ruined me. The malnutrition and growth stunting made for ruthless bullying until senior high. The hallucinations on Adderall have stuck with me for over a decade and I still have crippling arachnaphobia.   I was a very difficult child for the authorities around me, basically from the start. I ended up starting with I believe 10mg Adderall XR at the age of 4, so yeah no wonder I didn't grow at all.  They would usually help for a while, along with the side effects but family complained that my parents were making me a zombie and from pictures around this time I certainly wouldn't call my demeanor lively. The tolerance part sucks, I was always rollercoastering between starting a med and that massive initial hit and it fading as I grew a tolerance and them having to take a med holiday and deal with the fallout of my bad behavior until starting the ride over again with either resuming the previous med, upping the dose, or changing brands or whatever.  I was always expected to handle my meds myself once I was old enough for my parents to assume I could do it without (probably) choking to death and I'd often forget and miss my morning doses until they'd give me my booster dose at school. My family would often equate being medicated with being good, and bad with needing meds or assuming I forget them. Later in gradeschool I started to severely struggle with home lift and interacting with other authority at school. I became very depressed and often felt broken or useless, especially when I felt my medication fading with tolerance. I unfortunately began abusing my meds around 6th grade onward, taking more meds before school until I felt my tolerance building and I would pull all nighters to suppress my energy level during my unmedicated days.  The out of breath thing is crazy, I had the same issue around the time I started Vyvanse. I was diagnosed with overreactive airways and given an inhaler that seemed to help.   I've taken other meds for adhd, can't remember the names off the top of my head rn but I've been off adhd meds for a few years now at 21. I honestly don't get a lot done sometimes, but im way less anxious, more emotional and present, the insect phobia isn't as debilitating, and I just feel happy and more energetic as a baseline.
What is happening? Those are literally the meds I went through when I was first diagnosed, same order too. Still hasn’t found one that works for me and I’ve been trying to find one for the majority of my life.
Adhd is genuinely such a terrible experience. Having absolutely no agency with my thoughts and constantly feeling dissatisfied with everything is genuine suffering. Before I got diagnosed, I would wonder if I would ever make it through adulthood, and my answer was no.  But thankfully I got meds now, and my mental health has improved so much. I have agency over my brain. Its like having a broken bow, without the string you can’t shoot. Taking the meds provided me a string, so I could actually aim to shoot at the “focus” bullseye. My life is so much better…. I have control over myself, I finally feel like……. Me :D
The popularity of this tells me everything I need to know of others in public
I take medication for ADHD to
ok but where can I find that cow video?
Yeah, this is why medication alone is never the answer. I had mandatory 6 months of weekly therapy and guidance when I started meds. Meds are a tool, but a tool is f'ing useless if you don't properly learn to use that tool. It can very easily only make it worse. That's just my 2cents on it. Note, I'm not in America. And ADHD meds are completely covered by my bog standard cheapest health insurance. Even the accompanying therapy was. Only paid like 500 euro for the whole ordeal beginning to end.
No
Man idk what you are talking about. Im just jammin the polish cow song in my head
Having recently gotten meds (properly) (i was taking my partners beforehand)  I… don’t feel like a functioning human without meds. I lose things, I forget things, sometimes really important things, I struggle taking my other meds on time, I struggle paying attention to people which really hurt my relationship. The 3 weeks I was off the meds before my appointment to get my OWN meds was absolutely hell, and damn near ended my relationship. As insulted as my unmedicated friend was by my comment… I’m not a person without my Vyvanse, I need it for the most basic of things. Something as small, and miniscule, as remembering where and when I put something down. No more getting home and losing my phone cos I put it somewhere. That’s the most mundane thing… but it was the most obvious the first time I took vyvanse. Idk if I’ll ever be able to manage again without it, the difference is so stark.
#justiceforcompy
Me taps right side of my phone screen to pass Nord vpn add 4 times… your welcome ❤
I guess for medication, you first need a diagnostic, which is nigh impossible to get in Germany, especially if you're mid 30
ADHD was invented in the early 90s to sell pills
i wish i could read the comments but it jus becomes a blur after the first sentence. i bet you guys have alot of interesting perspectives. too bad i cant find out.
I'm having luck with strattera($$), zoloft, therapy, exercise, sleep hygiene.
bros we've all got problems, we've all got adhd and depression just shut UP
ADHD is very interesting to live with. I had meds that felt like they were taking the happy away, and I never wanna deal with them. I’ve slowly been developing ways to work with myself. It’s been a journey
currently doing the adderall cleans while ignoring my late homework! hi everyone. who’s excited for generic vyvanse
I have a great experience with adderall. But I guess you need adhd? Idk I think it’s all nonsense. Just give me the pill that makes me feel good.
I like the video, however, telling people that Aderrall and Meth are “effectively the same” is absolutely wrong. They are chemically different and affect the body very differently since a) you’ll be using it under the supervision of a provider, and b) as already mentioned they are chemically different. I’m sorry but you should remove that statement as it is very misleading and can add a stigma to the drug and to people who might need it.
As someone without adhd, gimmie day addy fam I’ll buy your whole script
"Yeah adderall is great but its essentially meth"  Look man i'll do whatever it takes to be global elite
The world is a group of farmers that make hunters try to think like them. They drug the hunters and tell them to sit still and stop thinking like a hunter.   Adhd and normal thinking are compatible in our modern world, but we are all trained to do a singular tedious task like a farmer.. but in reality we need to fidget, learn, do and more. We are a hunter limited and confined to a city life that prevents us from exploration and easy changes.
Vivanse gang
How many other people here have been told by family that they probably have ADHD or ADD? I have always found that my brain is working faster than the people around me, I have attributed this to ADHD or some form of it but maybe I'm wrong? Anyone else have a similar experience?
I did adderall for a while. But eventually your body starts metabolizing it quicker and quicker. This is dangerous because you’ll start wanting more. Glad I dropped it when I did.
Vyvanse is just a prodrug (turns into another drug in your body) of dextroamphetamine (one of the things that make adderall (the other half is just its mirror image))  PS do ya have a link to that dancing cow?
Conestantly thinking about the polish dancing cow is peak ADHD experience
Adderall is not meth = meth is not adderall
PLEASE, what is that song with the cow??
I've lost count how many times I've watched this.
idk i just chug coffee in the morning. think about speeding adhd up so much that it resets. im not a doctor or anything, coffee just works for me.
“And don’t forget to unsubscribe…. WAIT-“ And that’s how he lost his YouTube career. Welp.
Well, this is awkward... Casually stumbling upon an ADHD video when I /should/ be working... Yeah, that doesn't feel good.  I was diagnosed at the totally medicable age of 5 and slapped me with an adult dosage of an experimental ADHD med that I can't remember the name of (I wonder why... coincidentally, I don't remember anything from when I was on it). They used Seroquel to knock me out at night... My father forcefully took me off the meds when I started to live with him at 8 (cold turkey as a child *was not fun*), and I've been off meds for 18 years.  However, I will say that I have still not gotten any control over my ADHD. Sometimes, I can sucker-punch it into submission with an extra dose of caffeine, but my heart can only handle so much of that...
The Vyvanse description is spot on
Helly yessy
sau leise alder
Hello! I've discovered my ADHD in the beginning of 2022. Like, my psychiatrist had already told me I had it, however none of the med I took worked with me (I took Ritalin, which put me in a zombie like state and Velija, which just... didn't change anything). So, when we suggested me to try another med, I was onboard with it. Turns out it was Venvanse. AND OH GOD VENVANSE MADE MY LIFE WORK The first two weeks were awful, I had constant headaches and diarrhea. But then... I could just... do things? Like, I'm still lazy and a procrastinator, however, now I can do things I know I need to do, and I can deliver my things on time!!! Having ADHD is a experience, trying out meds is another experience. Anyway, I hope you find the med that works for you soon! (If you want it, of course)
For me personally the key is cycling on and off them and only using them as needed. I don't always need to be productive, my rule is I never take them Friday-Sunday, and I try to take a full week off whenever I can. I've been of 5mg for 5 years now and have never even considered needing to up the dose. Also, no coffee on med days, or I can get that weird breathless feeling.
Your experience with Vyvanse sounds like my daily experience with Autism AND ADHD. I'll wake up and spend the first part of the morning bouncing around multiple tasks and distractions, and then suddenly the Autism hits and I have spent the entire day researching obscure bird facts and the long-term economic impacts of Thatcherism - which were BOTH distractions. Some days I'm hyperproductive because I'm able to maintain focus on all of the right things, while others I achieve absolutely nothing and work actually repels me.
Ok This cracked me 1:24 but all of this is too relatable for my own taste... also  I'm here instead of doing the easy task I have pending since monday
IDK if anyone has said it but Adderall is not just basically meth. It is comprised of salts of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine. These two drugs are very different than methamphetamine. I could not agree more about the difference between Adderall and Vyvanse. I think it's best to think about both drugs as a gust of wind that gives you great focus but you must direct it for it to be beneficial. I initially found that really difficult.
what is the song at the start of the vidoeo?
try cannabis maybe?
Pls post more ur the best ur so underrated pls ur awesome and soooooo funny
i love my ADHD i can’t explain it but i feel like it makes me who i am
The struggle is real! I wnat meds but also dont? I tought the hyperfocus on things that dont matter trough meds was the way people were supposed to feel. But it made me really anxious after a while and i stopped taking them too.  However i did build up a lot of day to day structure and im doing way better now without meds.  But when it comes to work or householding...yeah its a battlefield😂😂 And lastly, my little niece of 9 came over to me and was all ibterested in adhd and their symptoms. She wanted to do a test together, because apperently adhd is now a cool gimmic to have on social media.. and i was just sitting there like, 😮 fun? No no its is not it is exhausting!
Struggled with ADHD my whole life. The meds help focus, they don't provide discipline. The non-stimulant ADHD medications are very new, not very well proven and simply don't work on a lot of people. You should really try and find a stimulant that works for you. I take Dexedrine, it's a little less intense and jittery feeling with the focus and issues you described with adderall. You really shouldn't give up so easily, trust me when I say it will begin to slowly eat at you living like this without help.
I like my adderall perscription because I have always been a tactile guy but I find I need to take frequent breaks from it. I usually go 3 weeks on 1 week off so my dopamine receptors don't get fried and I can still get a fair balance of productivity/ life enjoyment.  That being said I am ADD, so literally nothing brings me joy anymore, so a small dose of amphetamines to improve quality of life is... acceptable
FR33D0M 1N P1llS
side effects were always a problem with me, i only really took one kind but it led to me having no appetite and hyper fixating all the time, the side effects would last hours longer than when the meds were supposed to stop working so eventually i stopped taking them, i'm glad i did because i feel a good bit more normal, although now i can really identify the adhd symptoms
Hehe he gib the giggles
Thank you for the videos, I think this one in particular helped me accept that the meds are scary to me but there are lots to try. I have been really struggling since I was maybe 15 and I used to think it was some trauma but I've been working on processing that and I'm still hitting being overwelmed all the time and struggling to do what other people my age are doing even more than I expected (I was seriously ill when I was 19 and I knew that set me back), and nothing I do seemed to help.   I lost most routines and stability in my life at 12 suddenly and I never noticed anything before besides stimming but after I noticed everything was hard unless it was something to do with my little sister, who I view as under my protection even though she is now more successful than me. Nearly impossible for me to properly care for myself and I was confused all the time, between signals from my body I didn't understand and difficulty paying attention.  I just kind of felt like I was actually just a failure. My brother has always had extremely bad ADHD and I have never related to how his brain works. For instance, he struggles to read and I love to read and have been known to clear 2 books a week. I didn't even consider I might have it for a long time.  My bf thought I may have autism, which he has, but really I relate more to his ADHD. And am an introvert compared to his extrovert. I have really thought about it and I really should be tested for inattentive type ADHD. I really thrive in a routine and as soon as I don't have one I feel like flapping my hands and screeching, and as an adult it has felt nearly impossible to have one because I could not stand an absolutely fixed working schedule. I also tend to hyperfocus or neglect tasks.
I'm currently taking Concerta. There's a massive shortage going on so getting refills is a bitch lol
After finishing this video I remembered my appointment in 9 and a half hours with an ADHD professional that I'd pretty much forgotten about lmao
I have been on adhd meds for most of my 23 years on earth. I find Dexmethylphenidate/Focalin works well for me. It lets me focus on what I want to.
sounds like your friend is talking out of his ass
the best way to deal with it from my experience is to just adapt to it. maybe it helped me in school but personally none of those pills worked great for anything else that wasn't in a controlled environment. tried i think 5 different kinds and they all are a sort of help one part but hinders other parts of my brain in ways that just make it harder to be a human being.
I was late diagnosed with ADHD, but in Brazil I have the privilege of having my meds for free or really cheap, I did, however took Vyvanse for a period of time, it was expensive and ended up not being so good for me, back to Ritalin
I tried meds, basically experienced personality death levels of depression out of them, and then learned to thrive without, as in *the hard way.* Essentially I ended up   e x p a n d i n g   m y   m i n d   to accomodate my issues. Not sure how I did it. I still have trouble with loud unrelated noises drawing my attention away from the things I'm doing, but I've gone so big-brained with how I've harnessed my problems that I can be doing entirely different things across several devices, and keep track of every single one of them. I can be sitting at my desktop, with three different things fullscreening all three monitors, my phone in front of the keyboard, my tablet off to the side, and while I'm not actively working on it all at once, I'm keeping tabs on it all, whether it's related to something else on another screen or not. In turn, as a result of becoming able to work with my issues in such a ridiculous way, I have ended up gaining the ability to bypass the issues completely and focus on singular things. If I had to make a guess, it would be that I'm just able to process everything around me now. It would certainly fit in with the number of conversations I've accidentally snooped while doing the things I do. Medication isn't always the answer, depending on the person mental training may be an option. Though, as I understand it, there are some people who have so many focus issues they can't even hope to start trying to train to process everything they recieve or think.
Had a similar experience, too; was diagnosed at 25 years old back in October, and the first meds I took was Vyvanse 20mg... Little did I know, my physician did warn me of the side effects of stimulants for ADHD, but oh boy...   Every time I took them, even with food and water and sleep, basically I was having mini internal panic attacks, and they were also making me super nauseous and dizzy. So now, I'm kinda trying to do more research on my own with what type of medication I can take that won't have a similar effect. (I also haven't taken the Vyvanse in like a month)
Good video, but I just wanted to let you know that the audio was very low.
Listen if it's adhd meds it's always okay to stop them
Everyone talking about the ADHD but no one is talking about the unsubscribe 😂
I have ADHD I think... We I needed I ironic in fun is unit design a little different and more often in general with some people on that level than most games that can do anything for a long game with their friends in a game where people have been around a light game for some. Edit for example when you're going through. If your team was playing on you as the last few hours they had an amazing idea on how it would have
They told me to unsubscribe which made me want to subscribe, I am now subscribed
Adhd is tough, I’ve struggled with it my whole life and have been diagnosed for 7 years now, about a year and a half ago I stopped taking medication and just focused on bettering my habits and doing some self discipline, it worked very well up until now where I can’t get past my dopamine addictions and lose focus of my goals but that’s also disciple. Adhd is just a dopamine dysfunction that needs heavy discipline and willpower to get rid of. Just like most problems in life
Weed is a good alternative. When im high i get things done
This is my exact kind of humour. I also have inattentive type adhd so maybe its just that idk. I've gone back and watched some of your other stuff and love it.
I take Concerta, seems to work fine for me, but I don't really feel it "kick in" I just feel normal, which I guess that's how it should ideally work
I do too have ADHD
What I believe meds are best for is for allowing you to function (or survive depending on the severity) while you learn new skills and tools to help yourself cope, they can temporarily help keep you functional while you work on yourself (this goes for depression and anxiety medications too). For ADHD (and this info is all from my hyper-focus research into it after being diagnosed) these skills include learning how to plan and other executive functioning skills, finding tools to take some of the executive functioning load off (IE: lists and schedules), taking care of your physical body (sleep, exercise, diet), mindfulness, therapy (CBT and DBT are especially good), and spending time outdoors. I'm still working on the first two things on that list, I was doing therapy for a bit, but it was too much at the time... I plan to go back to it once work lets up a bit. Ideally once you've got your life mostly "under control" and you've learned some coping skills, you can start to wean yourself off the meds. Of course, there's no rule saying you can't learn these skills without meds, but it may be easier if you first lift some of the load off with meds (if you're able to take them and they work for you). Personally, getting an adult diagnosis and getting medicated (took a couple tries to find the right one) was eye-opening, it really helped my self-esteem because I realized that I wasn't just lazy or stupid, but that being said, I do plan to continue to work at it. Interesting point on the adderall and action-based activities, I hadn't noticed that, but now that you point it out... yes, I feel that too. I wonder if that's part of why I spend my one office work day every week puttering around instead of answering emails (here I just thought I hated answering emails.. which I also do, but it's like LITERALLY ANYTHING is better than answering emails, I will FIND things to do).
Solution, stop watching tiktoks all day.
def reccoment concerta, i take it as a person with ADHD. it helps me focus in person and get things donw, i tage 54mg :)
It's nice not having a job or any responsibilities
Fuck this we all have Adhd. Drugs are nice
You know, I didn't know that I had ADHD until I saw that last video where you gave a little description of it and now I can explain to myself why the last 34 years of my life have been so neat.
I just saw this video thinking it would be stupid and about meds and doctor stuff but no my first video that I enjoyed a whole bunch 🙂👍
Kids should be allowed to be kids, we can't expect them to sit in one spot for 7 hours a day staring at a whiteboard and papers and not want to goof off. ADHD meds turned me into a zombie when I was a kid. In 3rd grade, they put me on Adderall to begin with and it started making me fall asleep in class, so they put me on Ritalin to keep me awake. I spent every day completely zoned out with few thoughts in my head and unable to focus at all. I was made fun of by other kids because I was actually drooling while staring off into space, barely conscious of my surroundings. Days were all blurred together, I was antisocial and all I wanted to do was hide in my room when I got home and then I couldn't even sleep at night. By the time I was in high school, my parents allowed me to choose to no longer take the medication, but I think the damage was done, not only socially, but also cognitively. I barely remember my childhood, only school breaks when I wasn't taking pills.  I will tell you this, ADHD never really goes away, but as you get older life experience and necessity will help you manage and block your ADHD tendencies. If you choose to take ADHD meds or have your child take ADHD meds and you see a complete change in personality like sleeping problems, monotone speech and antisocial behavior, throw the pills in the garbage because becoming a depressed zombie with no thoughts or emotions is not worth it.
ok i'll unsubscribe since you asked so nicely
you are all crackheads. remember this comment when you're going through withdrawls👍
Last time I took meds for ADHD Inattentive, it fucked me up bad and I had constant migraines.  Never again am I trusting a doctor with my medication for anything relating to brain disorders, let alone supplementing for it.  They tried to overcharge my family and push me for higher dosage even though it was clearly not effective.
Even on meds my memory sucks ass. I take like 40mg too
Smoke a lil and do sum might not get it done fastest but the quality and no breaks only to smoke is very nice
I wonder if Ice Cream Sandwich picked the Polish Cow song because of its ironic lyrics or just because it's a neat song, lol
Great video but could we just acknowledge the *b e a u t i f u l* time stamps
I feel like medication rarely works in adults because they can't afford to go through multiple weeks of being unproductive while the effects are observed. It took me going through like 4 different options before landing on Concerta which I still use as an adult.
just a heads up that adderall and vyvanse are very similar.  consider something riitalin based (like concerta or daytrana)
It's... a journey.
Where can I find the cow video? Yes I know I've got the 80HD
i am 13 YEAR OLD AND I THINK I ALL HAVE  ADHD I LIVE IN PAKISTAN
I took the german eqiuvalent to adderal, and holy macceroni does it turn from "hey you can do stuff" to "wanna do stuff veeeeeery fast and feel basicly dead at the end of the day until the meds don't work anymore forever?" way to fast. sadly had similarish effects with other variants, so no meds it is
HELPP this is so funny
THE TRUMPET ON I DO ALL THE TIME LMAOO
"How foolish of me."
Yeah, as an adhd professional (aka me having it) the meds will change, no matter what, I am on too many meds to even list them off, but I had went to this place that I cannot disclose of, and they gave me the stuff that was good, (after the horrible juice) and I have been on them, taking them, and I have not been “distracted that much”. And one more thing, i have heard that there is a shot that they can give you that will sort of act like medicine, and it will last for a month, and take it again after each month.
How to tell your audience has ADHD:  The most replayed part of the video is the cow in the beginning
Can I get a link to the cow music video? Damn it gotta watch the video again because I was too fixated on those sick beats
Damn this expresses my experience perfectly
If you close my laptop while I am using it not only do I not give  a lazy pity fuck about whatever you are about to say but I am now actively debating the risk/satisfaction ratio of using physical violence against you. That aside, have you ever considered that maybe the reason the drugs that make you able to DO things and the drugs that make you able to FOCUS on things on things didnt work is, possibly, because you dont actually WANT to be doing the thing you are telling yourself you need to be doing?
Why does happen to me to
Chemically vivance is more like coke then meth but maaaan does it feel like meth
Dang man that Russian cow is dancing in my head
you might not know but those a stimulant medications you might need to talk to your doctor about a non stimulant i have adhd to and have been on medication since i was like 8 and recently noticed the same symptoms on a stimulant so i’ve switched to a non stimulant.
I don't know but all I know is I really like the video with the cow at the beginning
Medications are used to treat ADHD because one of the root causes of ADHD is a dysfunction of dopamine production and uptake in the brain, which this video briefly animates. Medication effectively solves this. Medication does not solve ingrained behaviors, which take time and energy to correct. Anecdotal experiences like this shouldn't be used to determine whether medication for ADHD is right for you or not. A lot of the issues in this video could be solved with:   -Therapy -Habit training and goals tracking -Finding the correct medication  Having shortness of breath while on a stimulant medication warrants a visit to a doctor to assess the health of your heart. Videos like this are somewhat irresponsible to release, because the life expectancy of a person with untreated ADHD is up to 20 years lower than a neurotypical person, because untreated ADHD often leads to other avenues of getting that dopamine spike, or other darker things like suicide.
andy i think u just made me realize i have adhd
Being on ADHD meds is the worst in my opinion, I'm currently not taking mine at all because of just how gross it made me feel after taking them. I didn't gain any of the good when it came to them either, it was always the bad which lead to my dosage being heightened a shit ton. I was taking Strattera, I don't recommend it at all, it suppresses your appetite and causes thoughts of suicide to be more frequent with those who think such (like me.) I really wish there was just something that wasn't a medication that would actually help, like a drink or a food or something.
Me clicking on this video when I was looking for music to listen to while drawing, but then forgetting to look for music and draw and watching this instead
aderall is so wild because when I started using it, yes i could focus but it would be crazy hyper focus and i literally wouldn't eat until my hunger felt like my stomach was eating itself because I just didn't care??? and now it just doesn't work???
In my experience, medication is only really effective when understood as support for putting into action what i learned in therapy. I dont think it on its own can solve all the issues but can make your life and your progress a lot more doable and less frustrating. Also, good point, always keep in touch with your doctors! as people will react very diffrently to the same kind of medication. I myself have been in therspy for over 13 years and taking meds for almost as long. With regular "is it still doing what it is supposed to?" Sppointments and phases without meds (for example on vacation). The latter really help to differenciate personal progress from the meds effect which feels real good!
First of all if you're medicating, that's okay. I was taking medication 12 years of my life and personally I prefer not being medicated, the first year it's hard to focus but now I'm doing fine for concentrating on tasks. What helps me the most is organization, assigning tasks and taking small breaks.
So Vyvance is extended release (ER) so it will last about 8 hours as opposed to regular release Adderall’s 4 hours. Adderall also comes in an ER capsule and that might help if your insurance doesn’t want to pay for Vyvance
His animation style is great. Knows how to convey stuff. Great. Fun watching his content.
as someone who is commenting on this video, I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHAT THAT COW SONG IS!!
I'm on Vyvanse and you couldn't be more right, it gives you focus but it's not regulated in any way.  Vyvanse is like a broken tap yk? like you turn it on a title but it sprays you in the face.
I would try the meth again but this time a little more. You might pick up the focus you were after. As an Adderall user, this used to be my problem as well.
Pharma has a way of blanketing problems, not treating them. Usually fixing one thing but changing another.
In school, Vyvanse worked wonders for me and I never would of gotten through without it, i did. have some really weird side effects though which I won’t get into but my issue was they would wear off before I had to do homework, and then I was hosed. If I took more, I’d stay up all night composing a symphony on an app I happened to find one night. I’m off meds now, but that’s because I’m doing things that I feel motivated to do for work. That being said, i would consider starting again, because I still can not focus on important tasks.
There is *NO* medication for ADHD. The best you can do is to find a job that suits you and ways to silence the distractions.
My son is now on Methylfendinate HCL and he says feels so much better since, and his personality didn't change a bit. he is also doing fine when the meds wear off. we got lucky that the first one we tried worked great :)
For me, I need medication because I'm so extremely dopamine deprived I gain addictions like teenagers chase trends.  I can smoke OUNCES of weed in a week. Multiple.  I can smoke 50 gram pouches of tobacco along with that weed.  Terrific combination for your health.  The nicotine eliminates the zombie effects of mass amounts of weed.  Let's you go forever. Don't do it.  I blow 2-400$ a month ..  Before that, it was alcohol... I drank so. Much.  I wish I could find a prescription somewhere for something.  But Canada is shit. Can't find a doctor in over two straight years.
dark mode ice cream sandwich would rather be nice init
Have you ever considered makeing a minecraft video but parcily animated???
I was diagnosed in the 4th grade. They started me on adderall and so it worked. I did better in school, I acted the way my teachers wanted me to act. But because I kept taking it as normal. Over the years my body got used to the dosages I was on. By the time I was in Middle School I was on the highest dosage of adderall that someone my height and weight could be on, so I got off of them. For the first time in years I was unmedicated. It was weirdddddddddd.  And because adderall is a appetite suppressant I was severely underweight. I was probably about 4’9" and 75 or 80 pounds. Wore a double 0 in jeans. I was TINY. And once I got off I suddenly had this comparably HUGE appetite over 5 years I gained so much weight, I’m not like 4’11" and 180ish pounds. And I HATE it. I have developed binge eating disorder back then and it’s something I only realized recently and am currently working on. Part of me wants to get back on them again so I’m more productive and all that. But Idk man. I’m scared if my brain just wants them for weight loss. I don’t wanna abuse drugs lmao
Adderall is NOT "effectively meth," amphetamine and methamphetamine are different molecules
I only recently started taking ADHD meds and I'm not sure if I love the results. I only take it as needed because my symptoms are mild since I've spent most of my life trying to brute force my way into better patterns. However the days after I take it I usually feel very unfocused, like a bad rebound. (plus forgetting to drink while on it makes my dehydration worse and acts as a mini hangover. yea!) I'm trying an experiment this week where i take it every day, and I've been hella productive for the first few days, but now that I don't have anything to do I'm just spinning my wheels. And the bad vibes go away when I take it in the morning after I wake up because it restimulates my brain. Doesn't seem like a viable long term solution, but worth exploring.
I think whats going on is the context in which you are experiencing "lack of productivity." Like, id imagine as an animator and youtuber, you are on crunches to make content, meet deadlines and "be productive" but in the ways your career WANTS you to be. I certainly don't recommend taking drugs if they make you feel like that but also keep in mind that some countries (N. America) rely on drugs for a quick fix. Ive been contemplating my own medication and while it helped me improve my grades, the other part of that work was coming from my insistence that it was helping at all. As in i was placebo'ing myself with real medication. All in all 80HD and ADD is a case by case thing just like other neurological conditions.
There is an extended release or “slow burn” version of adderal for what it’s worth. Just there’s also a huge shortage for it.  Also for those saying adderal is basically meth, if you look at the chemical name for basically all stimulants, they share part of their name with methamphetamine  typically. This has to do with how naming works in biochemistry but is not the same as them being basically meth (even vivance has amphetamine in its chemical name).  While the names are similar because aspects of their chemical make up are similar, they aren’t the same drug obviously, hence how each can affect one differently (and also why they don’t have the same affects as meth for those who benefit from them). Those parts of the chemicals are most likely what binds to the parts of the brain that affect dopamine like most stimulants although how any psych med actually works is pretty unknown since researchers can’t exactly cut peoples heads open to check so it’s often their best informed idea as opposed to a certainty of what’s happening.
I AM WATCHING THIS WITH A MATH WORKSHEET INFRONT OF ME..... not good
I have ADHD and this is SO true
"Don't be tunnle visioned on results" man I feel that. I have bipolar type 2 with borderline as well as adhd and I was on a hunt for the "perfect" medication that would work for me. Long story short and several hospitalizations later: it doesn't exist. It's hard when you have multiple conditions because as soon as you find one that works and try another to solve your other issues, they can combine and do some really weird stuff
try methylphenidate
Right but what's that cow video and where can I find it
I want to thank you for being the catalyst on starting my own journey with ADHD meds.  I was diagnosed with ADD originally when I was around 8 years old. However, this was around the peak of kids getting diagnosed because ADD/ADHD was the "hot new diagnosis" for kids (particularly young males) and many doctors walked back a few diagnosis' because there was talk of an endemic of over diagnosis of that condition. I was one of those kids who was "misdiagnosed", but 19 years later, guess who has ADHD (rediagnosed from a doctor)?  Now, I'm 27 and after working with a therapist for over 2 years (who also has ADHD and has been treating those with it for going on 20 years), I decided to ask about medication as this video kind of inspired me to take a look at something that might help me. The line "I just want to have my hands the wheel for once" really stuck out to me as oftentimes, I really do feel that way. I am simply a victim of whatever my brain decides to do any given minute. Sometimes its a really productive task, other times its something random that I saw  I will say, I showed my therapist the video (He is an SME on ADHD medication), and he suggested that your dose of Vyvanse may have been too high. That level of focus and the inability to switch off a task coupled with your symptoms of shortness of breath and general yucky-ness, It definitely screams of an above effective dose. I am not a medical professional, but taking another look at different meds at lower doses may be the ticket you need.  Best of luck!
As someone who takes meds for ADHD I feel a lot of people have the wrong expectations about meds. 😅 people think that ADHD is the only thing holding them back and taking meds will give them straight A's. Taking meds is only half the battle and I still takes a lot of work to manage it
I’ve been diagnosed with autism and adhd and with or without med it’s an experience
Adhd meds are the worst, they either work for a short period, turn you into an absolute emotionless zombie, make you sick or turn you dull / zoned out
Concerta (the Cadillac of Ritalin) has been the best thing for me. It isn't magic, and I can still get stuck in the wrong thing. For me, it has been a process of learning how to get my actions prioritized.  Throw an "adhd coach" in the mix and see if that helps. They are people who specialize in helping people with ADHD succeed. I don't know if they existed when I was starting my meds at age 23, but I wish I had gone to one.
This video starts with a polish song about taking drugz
In my 30s, undiagnosed, but 90% sure I have ADHD. This kind of thing scares the utter bejeezus out of me. 😑  I've heard people say that medication can help, but it's only gives you like 20% of the solution. Other stuff I've heard about ranges from meditation and mindfulness, to cognitive therapy, to routines and habits, and they say you've got to incorporate all of it into your life to make it work. I don't know because I haven't had any meds yet, but it kinda makes sense to me.  Somewhere I read, that someone equated ADHD tools and tactics to leveling up skills in a video game.  Sure, you might initially level up your sword-fighting skill a bunch and it might carry you through a lot of the game, but it's not going to work against every monster. Sometimes you need a ranged weapon, or a magic weapon, or maybe you need to level up your crafting skill and work on some side quests first.  Having ADHD meds is like just one of the skills you'll need to level up. If you don't work on the other stuff too, you might end up hitting a wall and not being able to get any further.
I take a cocktail of antidepressants that work for me. It's a non-stimulant thing so I don't have to worry about it being a controlled substance.
id like some snacks please...
Lol I'm sitting at home when I would usually be at school rn bc I have to go the the doctor for meds😂
I started ti take ADHD meds, Adderall and  stuff, why i stopped taking it, it's because i started to be sort of a zombie
Medication helped me a lot in school but I stopped taking them because of the loss of appetite and when I take them im very depressiv. Now I only take them when I Really need to learn or I have a test.
I used to take ritalin and conserta, both of which failed me but hey... with conserta I actually did stuff to a point where my family got concerned.... I mean, as a kid, I was highly productive... I used to have lego sets at home... and one christmas I was given a lego technic set for a jeep.... we got home from the christmas party at my grandparents and I just opened the box, I had built the jeep without instructions in less than 1 hour with spare parts left... Like, that's insanity, I can still do that without the meds, I just don't have that attention anymore as for me, once done, never need to be done again :)
I don’t know anyone with adhd including me, that liked taking the meds
I have to take 37 milligrams
The actual problem is that work hours, productivity objectives and society in general are thoughtout to be compatible with an average brain An adhd brain in a vaccum is not better or worse than an average brain : the society is just less adapted to it So yes drugs can help to drag your brain towards the average but i'd advice you to journal for a few days to understand better how your brain works, and then organise your environment, work balance, etc in order to adapt them to your specific brain It may not be easy but that's the most healthy way to achieve your objectives, cause drugs can be good but can also be damaging sometimes  Basically the world works with 4 hours sessions for every job but if you think 5 min sessions work better for you, go for it Or may be you can only focus on tangible stuff so you need to write or draw anything you want to work on, or may be you need to be talking out loud about the subject.. anything can help Basically : figure out what's best for you and roll with it (and good luck to you)
Like many things, ADHD and ADD are a spectrum. I have ADD myself and I take medication. I don't feel the effects at all, but I do notice the results. For me, it is like a lever is being pulled which half of my brain is to prioritize. Without meds, I have many creative thoughts but my focus on logical tasks is low. On meds, I become hard working and very focused on logical tasks, but I can't think creatively. Each case of ADD and ADHD is unique. For some like me, only meds work. For others, therapy and paying attention to your thoughts works. And then of course there are also plenty of people who need the right mixture of both the right medication and the right therapy. I suggest that if you have either or suspect it, explore the whole bandwidth of options while medically supervised and find out what works for you.
I have found that using what little focus you have, un-medicated, to write a to-do list before taking a stimulant is extremely helpful.
Same  but I hate meds
Yeah... just yeah. Relatable. I am also back to square one when it comes to ADHD meds. I've learned that, despite all the different brand names, there are effectively just two options for the active ingredient, and I have bad reactions to both. I took Concerta for a long time, but once I reached a certain dosage level I was getting nauseous and rapid heart rate, *constantly*. The meds still worked- I could focus! I could focus all day! But I couldn't eat and I was CRAZY anxious the whole time. I talked to my psych about it and they said that ruled out a whole class of meds, and my other option was one of the Adderall/Ritalin family. Yeah... didn't work either. It didn't help me focus, it just made me sleepy all the time. So I'm kinda screwed when it comes to meds, and ABT is only so effective because I just keep ignoring myself. Oops.
What a WILD experience with meds  My experience with meds is great, nearly a year thus far. But I live in the Netherlands and healthcare here does not as explicitly try to kill you inside as in the US
Everyone is wired different ways, my meds are a godsend but I understand for some people that may not be the case
Tylko jeden w głowie mam, koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam, w krainę zapomnienia.
I have the simtoms but idk if i have ADHD😅
Crap ... I whant medication but after that i change my mind
whats the song
What are those finger looking things on your characters had that are in all your videos?
I hate the phrase “Adderall is basically meth”. It’s like saying that water is “basically peroxide” just because it has an extra Hydrogen atom and it just adds unnecessary stigma for those of us who take it regularly.  D-Amphetamine and Methamphetamine may be in the same class but that extra methyl group makes meth waaaaay more psychoactive and addictive.
You are often supposed to stop taking your meds if there are adverse effects l. If you're take ng a medication where that could be dangerous, your doctor will tell you as much when they prescribe them.
I took Adderall from 2nd to 7th grade and somehow never managed to notice how numb it makes you feel. I would legit have days where I could get work done, but I would forget to breathe. I would notice I'm holding my breathe, and not even gasp for air. I picked at my skin to the point I bled, and had awful headaches when the meds wore off. It isn't worth working yourself to death, and it's incredibly addictive.
This made me get interested in going with a professional to diagnose me
Oh no! My gate way drug.
And I did task A. 😅 💯
1:05 is me everyday
I liked your video for the most part. Especially how the drugs subjecively impacted your executive fuction. I can relate to those experiences!  Since you have a huge amount of subscribers so this is going to be buried, but I hope another one of your viewers reads this...  1) It sounds like your friend is not into pharmacology, since Vyvanse is a prodrug to the d-amphetamine, which is half of Adderall (the other half being L-amphetamine which is very similar as well).  There's a good chance you were not on equivalent dosages of the two, which is why they felt so different to you.  2) Shortness of breath and anemic symptoms can be caused by higher doses of stimulants, especially when other bodily stressors are happening like lack of sleep, hydration, etc etc etc. Your body probably needed more oxygen since your heart rate and metabolism were being accelerated, and your blood oxygen may have been at risk of falling behind depending on what activity you were doing, thus your body kicked itself into a sort of aerobic mode of respiration, which probably felt pretty unnatural since you were not engaging in exercise. It's a gross feeling to be sure, but probably not overly dangerous, and more of a sensory thing.  This also seems indicative of a panic attack, and certainly stimulants can lower the threshold of acute anxiety! Still good to be cautious with re-medicating, since having anxiety all day is not going to help productivity either.  3) I think that you made the right call to stop taking your meds, so I find it a little bizarre for you to tell everyone to "NEVER, EVER DO THIS, EVER". Many doctors will suggest regularly taking a day or two off from ADHD meds, actually. Feeling like you can't breath when you do something is a great reason to cease doing it, and in the absence of an actual practicioner, we all need to make the best choices we can for our health. Best to take your own advice and don't provide it to others when it comes to treatment, though.
We ADHD people will be silly for no reason
I had tried this two myself along with strattera and Ritalin of which none were truly effective.then there was a point when I was taking both strattera and vyvance which was the most effective for me but a couple months in I started having panic attacks as well a dilutions and paranoia which ultimately led to me stopping though I have heard of a new medication that isn’t a stimulant but with my last experiences with adhd meds I’m really hesitant to try
for me adderal was great, I never needed to focus and with adderal I spaced out while doing whatever task I was doing and stayed productive,  that being said its chemical composition is similar to that of speed.... The drug I mean
Have you thought about medical marijuana? I have adhd, wished i smoked in high school. The biggest thing is finding the right dispenser and explaining what you want....something to keep you productive but mellow you out. Thats totally possible, cannabis is really great mate it just has a massive stigma. And if smoking is the problem, you dont need to smoke....cbd oil can be added to thee. And theres other options aswell, personally i think smoking is best because it gives you the most control. Once you know your comfort level, just stick to that. So like, just need half to get to productivity. Just smoke half.  And if you ever get problems like...your head being to busy to sleep. Get something stronger for that. And something productive for during the day. And heres the giggles, you allready took 2 different WAY more severe drugs. Atleast cannabis is actually natural. And most drugs get either filled real bad to last you all day or you gotta take multiple a day anyway. It has a whole list of side effects, here my side effect for you. Gotta get more food, ate my drawers dry. Cannabis is a much safer, more natural option. As most mothers used to say, eat your greens son. They are good for you.
I can’t stop thinking about the cow
1:08 1:51  No context. Just.. *this.*
Did you do a car crash?
7:37
I have adhd
Lol I was prescribed vyvanse one time and I was in the library where I was supposed to do work, and then I look to my left and saw a giant world map, to which I saw Antarctica, and then I though “hm I don’t know much about Antarctica” so then I spent the next hour on my laptop doing a deep dive into everything related to Antarctica
Vavanse made me have a tic. Very good for focus but can cause some damage
Did you skip taking Methylphenidate, or did it not work out for you?
I'm on 50mg of XR, I'm completely dependent on it to live. I'm useless without it.
i tried all medications and only 1 works for me, vyvanse. Its changed my life.
Same bro
Vyvanse made me sleepy sleepy hehe (I don't take it anymore)
Should I be angry that my just turned 4 year old niece is being told she has ADHD as she wont sit still at kindergarten. I'm angry at her mom and the school as I dont want her to lose out on her childhood like most of my ADHD adult friends have said that happened to them
This video destracted me
i thought i had adhd but it was just depression,,
THANK GOD. I appreciate you for expressing this. Your thought process is exactly how mine went during Vyvanse, so it's hilarious watching this video. now I am taking concerta and I'm at that SAME point where I need to switch my FOCUSED opportunities to useful tasks. Also I love the face your animation makes when you say "Focus"
i got bored early on and started thinking about the spinny cow and then you were like so that's medicaion and like damn
I've taken both Vyvanse (50mg) and Concerta (54mg), they're a lot more forgiving when it comes to missing days. Just be careful with some "alternative" options your doctor may give you, specifically any children's doses. When my pharmacy ran out of Concerta last year, they put me on a modified children's dose that was supposed to work better for my size and age, that SUCKED. It was two pills, twice a day. I struggle with just taking it ONCE a day. Last semester was easily one of my worst in a long time
I think you should talk to a doctor and get personalized meds instead of doing it yourself
I remember when my older brother went on Ritalin and his ADHD symptoms were almost gone. However, my mom noticed that he "wasn't being himself" anymore. He stopped doing his hobbies and  the mannerisms we knew him for were disappearing. He was also getting somewhat depressed. It basically deleted his personality, so we decided that maybe medication isn't a good idea for him.
So Adderrall is like meth and Vyvanse isn't? Shows you know nothing about drugs. Please stop spreading misinformation.
1:57 made me laugh
Growing up with this, recommend looking into Daytrana. I've been through Vyvanse, concerta, adderall, and ritalin. Daytrana gave the easiest to deal with side effects + being a patch meant I could put it on and take it off when I needed to get things done
Not me getting distracted during the video and realize at some point I did not pay attention what so ever
2:49 that’s how my days go
I should get in contact with my doctor I have the same problems (ಥ﹏ಥ)
I'd honestly recommend Ritalin it doesn't have drugs in it and takes immediate effect and it actually helped me get my grades up cuz I started to focus more in classes I used to always get A- and A minimum would be B but not my whole report card is straight A+s I take 30mg and there is no risk of getting addicted just make sure u ask for how long does each pill last cuz I heard some last for 4-6 hours and others last 12 and more so yeah maybe discuss it with your doctor <3
Wait hold up not all adhd meds give people seizures I took one of the meds gave seizures!?
I want dancing cow back :(
I know I probably have ADHD, but I choose not to do anything about it lol. I can’t go for more than 10 seconds without stimulus. Loading screens on games? I check my phone. Playing a game solo? I put on music or YouTube to go with it. Bathroom break? Gotta be on TikTok. But overall I’m happy as a person.
Best adhd medicine is meditation
The best thing i tried that actually helped me with everything is Speed, but i avoid chemical drugs so i don't use it
I'm still using those. btw 4:16 same.
This video is absolutely amazing
My only problem with adderall for my adhd is just not being able to get any 🫠
im 40, I know i have ADD but i have never got diagnosed. School was hard and on top of the depression had dropped out in in the last year of high school. I just learned more about me and how i work and then started medicating with THC which helped more before than it does now, probably a tolerance thing. What really got me thinking about my ADD was my son who was diagnosed a couple years ago in grade 2, it help me realize that my dad is also ADD and it has made me understand the things he does and the things he has done in the past which made me angry towards him.
Vyvanse hits like a truck for the first week or so but once your bosy gets used to it everything mellows out. Just at a higher level of focus at least for me.
💗  Hey kid, you need to start your day with an executive function task - like you said in the beginning.  list out all your tasks, don't just keep them in your head.  externally remind yourself what is most important.  if you're distracted, identify why.  is it because you have too many distractions and can't keep your eye on the ball?  there are many physical fixes for that.  Are you overwhelmed in a task because you have too many options or maybe not enough resources?  Break this task into smaller parts to make it easier to accomplish.  Routines are also helpful for me.  But that's Mayne the third thing I'd look at if the first two don't help.
i dont have adhd but can u please send me that  precious adderol or another amphetamine? itd be great
Not the polish dancing cow. Now it's stuck iin my head ty
No one talkin about how quiet the video is?
When you talked about how you got the focus and it worked so well you only focused on that thing for the whole day, I was like “ah yes, autism” (I say this as someone with ASD who has had similar experiences to this. The conditions are different, but the results are similar, and I thought it was funny)
Oh man this was me… I took adderal and a couple other meds, I was experiencing a lot of physical side effects. I had a talk with my therapist and she recommended I take a Gene-Sight test which is a swab to test how your body reacts to different meds. It turns out my body broke down all of the stimulants style meds at 1/3 the rate of normal people so essentially I was taking 3x a normal dose. I now take gaunfacine, which is a non-stimulant medication that helps in smaller ways.
Damn I just realised that I really need to get tested
I've been on Ritalin with a slower effect for over 2 years and they've worked REALLY great until now
Been taking meds forrrr..... like 20 years now (or something) it works well. I'm more focussed but not productive. I think it has to with something else but I take this in considering. (I'm 28 now) Thanks!
I have AD(h)D; I have never taken medication, and I'm doing way better than my friends with ADHD that are taking medication. Truth is, the side effects of ADHD medication are quite a lot more harmful than the consequences of having ADHD itself, in my eyes.
vyvanse is also an amphetamine (lisdexamfetamine).
I got used to starting the tasks I'm supposed to do after taking my meds and it gives the same feeling as doing something fun even if I'm reading the most boring API docs, which is still weird after a lifetime of being unable to focus
i take methylphenidate and it works fine for me
Oh the like, side effects are so relatable tho. Mine gave me heart palpitations and i was in pain all day and also always out of breath <3 sadly in my country there's like, 3 kinds of adhd meds availble which either didn't work or were absurdly pricey so I gotta go unmedicated for now :(
Be careful with adhd Medicines. I've seen allot of friends struggle getting of it. Try cbd/thc types of drugs. Low dose helps with concentration and is much better then all those amphetamine you are putting in ur body.
I died of laughter at the 8 trumptets thing so relatable
Your experience with vivance was my experience with addrall. Minus the bad symptoms. I would just focus on the wrong task all day and not get anything done. I tried it for a week before I stopped taking it. Since it was a small dose, I had no adverse reactions to stopping cold turkey.
I take Focalin (extended release) but I definitely do still have problems with task management. For me, I always take my meds because otherwise I'm basically guaranteed to have a completely unstructured day. I think the problem is partially that I only started meds as an adult. While other people have been learning how to manage tasks with the regular dopamine levels for their whole lives, I'm basically a baby at it. There is no miracle cure. For this or anything. But it does get better the more you work with it.   Any therapist can help you organize your tasks/schedule and a really *good* therapist can teach you some effective life skills. I know some people feel like they souldn't go to therapy for "simple" everyday problems but most people really should. Best of luck to you and to all! <3
It is what it is.. I just decided to work harder and try my best and thats it.
Adderall is not "meth." It doesn't work for everyone but saying it's "meth" is wrong, chemically and colloquially.
Me doing task E watching this video
when i was 7 or so i had a neighbour kid with adhd he screached everytime he wantet something (most of the time ice cream) and was like stage 6000 adhd and he was so wierd and cringe to me that i never wanted to become something like this now im 15 and showing symthoms and i fear having adhd
Smoke weed! Don’t take meds!
I've had one ADHD medication so far, called Clonodine, and not only did it not work after a week, but it severely increased my motion sickness issues.
Try caffeine
The best I can describe this feeling is that being unmedicated is like I'm 'up in the clouds' and just floating around aimlessly, so meds are great at making me more 'grounded'. But then I can get too grounded and dig myself a hole that I can't get out of.
Watching stuff like this makes me realize I'm not very mature because there's people out here who have things that need to get done everyday and they actually want to prioritize those things. Meanwhile here I am... my mom always complains I have the wrong priorities, but I think I just prioritize the here and now... because you can touch the here and now. Like the clock is made up of twelve parts, which are each divided into four youtube videos, which can also be divided into 3 music tracks, which is basically no time at all, so each time I listen to a song or watch a YouTube video, basically no time has passed. So whatever priority I need to do, I can do after this really easily, because there's all the time in the world, and that's why I don't really understand why people get upset or get motivated about not having gotten things done. If there's anything you got to lose, it's daylight, and that's why light bulbs were invented. And yeah, I've done plenty of things last minute, but last minute is still valid, I still get to work on time sort of. If I don't get something done and it isn't ever done, maybe it never needed to be done aka it would've been a waste of time if I had done it which I never did, so there you go
I set alarms and reminders as I find I do better on tasks with deadlines so I set them myself and move them up if the given task already has one. Tasks that seem unimportant and that don't have deadlines, especially if the task is hated tend not to get done. Dishes and window cleaning! Never medicated and just push through mentally.
I was diagnosed late and immediately started on Adderall. This was the start of my time in college, so I was struggling, A LOT. However, I'm a musician and generally a creative person, so my ADHD hyperfocus sessions were insanely deep and I loved it. I explained this to my psychiatrist and he was super chill and understanding. My prescription says I'm supposed to take a low dose twice a day, but my psych basically said I can take it as needed so long as I don't feel any adverse effects. Basically, when I'm in class all day, I take 3 or 4 doses but weekends where I have freedom to do creative things, I may not even take my meds. It took me so long to get diagnosed but having a team of people who understand my brain better than I do while still understanding my personal wants has been so helpful. The biggest thing that has helped me is to understand how and when my brain tends to hyperfocus on complex tasks vs. want to be a vegetable. It can take a while but as you start to understand your brain better, you can start to work around the strengths and weaknesses that ADHD causes, maybe then medication might be necessary to try again.
Medication was the best choice of my life, elevanse works wonders, concerta sucks ass
No matter what medication I've taken, I always have a side affect of not being able to socialize with people.
Excuse me  I was watching that cow 🤬🤬😡
I would like to experiment with meds, but I'm so ridiculously sensitive to their side effects (the ones I've tried so far at least) that the effective dose and freak-out-anxiety-inducing-effects-dose are about 0.0004 pills. I was on 5mg Adderall (as a 225 lb grown ass man) and had to break them in quarters. Not fun.  But then my friends tried the stuff (tooootally through legit channels and in no way had anything to do with my leftover bottle of the stuff at all) and found out it was life changing in a good way, and is currently doing the best they have in their entire adult life with a regular prescription. It's wild how people can be so different.
The worst thing about ADD (and by extention ADHD), is that we treat it as a disorder, when really you're just an explorer. People who got ADHD are the people throughout history that made perilous journies across the ocean in tiny ass boats like Eric the Red. The issue is that in modernity we treat anything that doesn't want to sit in a chair and push widgets for 8 hours, then go home and veg out on tik tok as someone who is broken, when the truth is that everyone else are the broken ones. I seriously think the mental health industry is suppressing greatness in the same way that religion suppressed greatness in the middle ages up through modernity. I'm not saying that people don't legitimately have mental illnesses, but a lot of it has become tools to oppress the traits that others were previously jealous of earlier in history. If you have ADD, or ADHD, I think you'll find if you just stop trying to pursue what others tell you to and start listening to the voice in your head about what you find interesting, thing start to magically fall into place. Suddenly, the "chaos" in your head becomes an ordered dialogue that actually makes sense to what's going on in front of you, and you can follow your own logical reasoning in your head. You just got to trust that you mind is working for the same thing you're wanting to work to. I would be so much further along in my life if I just would have accepted that its society that has the problem, and not me, and just went to focus on how to improve myself, rather than figuring out why I'm so "broken" and "distractable."
You’re putting my experience into words and animations! Vyvanse is like canned focus, and it honestly packs a ridiculous punch. I only take it on some days because yeah, the side effects suck and the results are basically gambling. Hope you can figure out a solution that works for you!
Hey there! I'm on vivance, and I experienced the same "whatever it is that inspires me at that moment will be my hyperfocus for the day", and for me, the best way to avoid that is to plan my tasks before the vivance hit. When the medication hits and I'm working on a to do list, or a plan for a paper, I will for sure nail it. I think with vivance it's especially important to plan what you'll be focusing on while it hits, because that usually dictates how the day will go. Hope this can help someone :)
Having ADHD as a child (now 33 year old adult)  I was on Ritalin and Methylphenidate from elementary school until the start of middle school.   I was extremely productive while on the medication(good grades) but it felt as if I was stuck on auto pilot in a 3rd person spectator mode and everything up until a few years after I was abruptly taking off medication because my parents couldn't afford it feels like a blur that's hard to remember and moving forward my grades started slipping relatively quickly.  I have some what learned to deal with my ADHD over the years and now most of my issue if hyper focusing on stuff which is great and bad at the same time when it happens, like if it kicks in while I'm working I accomplish all my task extremely quickly and I'm an amazing worker but I will focus so deeply on the task at hand that I will not end up doing task B or C and I will forget to eat because I'm to busy with what I am doing and my brain wont let me stop until my task A is finished and by that time i have forgotten what i needed to do for task B and C.   Or kind of like right now I can get hyper focused on things not work related while at work like watching this video and providing my experience and I can't get away until finish typing but at the same time I keep thinking of other things to say so could be here a while.  While I'm thinking on that note I should stop here.
Why is everyone undereducated on drugs? Seriously Vyvanse are amphetamine just like Adderall. 👍
I took concerta in highschool. Got pretty good grades, but dropped 20 pounds and hated everyone and everything around me, and slept 12 hours a day. School, light snack, homework, sleep. That was my life for 3 months. And then I stopped taking it cause I hated the feeling I had, but my mom made me keep taking it cause she liked that I was getting good grades. So, I eventually just stopped taking it altogether by spitting it in the trash in the morning, or "forgetting" to take it before school. Never again.
There’s one huge misconception about adhd meds that I’d love to bring to the table: it’s only half the solution.  It’s effectively the “engine” for your day. But it doesn’t magically solve your executive dysfunction. You have to work on that part. For me, I was trying to work on my organizational skills long before finding my medication. Vyvanse just gave me the energy and focus boost to actually accomplish these things routinely.  It’s like building your own car. You have to put all the parts together yourself. And it’s the engine that finally gets the thing to move lol
My Issues with the medication was the side effects. The appetite suppression was awful. I lost 10 lbs just because I didn't eat anything. It was awful.
Tldr: 450hp semi truck>adhd meds  For me "ADHD" is people being mad at me for being so stubborn that I'll only do things I want to do. I then get a job as a trucker because that's something I want to do. And to the surprise of only my psychiatrist who just wants me to take more meds so he gets more money, I'm really happy :)
Type of meds and dosage are extremely important for ADHD.  1. The first type did not help and left me foggy.  2. Second one  helped some but the side-affects were no bueno. 3  The third I had a doctor suggesting 20 mg but I found I had a moderate benefit with 5 mg and no side affects. Better benefit at 10 mg, but moderate side affects. So 5 it is.      Your doctor may very well be prescribing you a HIGHER does than you need. Keep that in mind. One of the meds I found out the doctor was prescribing me the HIGHEST dose he legally could. Thus the side-affects were AWFUL.  I asked that doctor if we could start it at the lowest dose. He said he is the professional and took offense after I explained how awful it made me feel.      I moved onto a better doctor who did not try to force me to have the highest dose.
i have adhd
Oh my gosh, you just put into words what I haven't been able to explain with Adderall.  I can do things but I have zero thoughts inside my head, nothing useful is happening ever and I still can't WORK.  Thank you for your video, now I can vocalize the issue to my support team.  Good luck on your journey to finding a process that works for you!
I’ve been through a ton of meds through my life until I found one that worked. Keep trying, there’s a ton of different ones out there.
I feel the EXACT same on vyvanse, and I've been taking it for many, many years.
I was diagnosed with adhd late in life as well and they put me on a medication that was a nonstimulant and is a antidepressant by nature. It’s called strattera (atomoxatine) and it’s been a game changer in focus, and just life in general. It seemed like it boosted my dopamine levels just enough to not feel crazy
Concerta has been good for me, it's an extended release med. The key with ADHD and especially medicated ADHD is get enough sleep, fix your bad habits and come up with a daily and weekly schedule you can stick to. There is a reason some people take meds and spend 8 hours on tiktok and others spend 8 hours getting important tasks done: bad habits and lack of structure in their life from years of undiagnosed ADHD don't go away with a pill.
meanwhile i'm here, having stopped my treatment because i didn't notice the effect of any of them
Me, and English woman who taught herself Polish: EXCITED BRAIN BEES ACTIVATED
I took meds a couple of times but in reality It is better just to tame the beast. As we lack dopamine you need an activity that conditions you to doing stuff.
...So your the trumpets in my head?....>:(
So I have both adhd and aphantasia (is basically that i can't imagine pictures or sounds) so basically instead of thinking a lot of tings a the same time I am doing a lot of things at the same time(imagine a hyperactive ferret on crack). Thanks to meds i'm a little more relaxed but I needed to try a lot of meds until i found the one that worked for me thanks to that my inner ferret is now just a ferret on crack
not me just caucually spacing out mid convo listening to some dumb stuff going on in my head and rn im supposed to be getting ready to go out of town but instead watching tv as much as I need the meds i wont get them i rely on family for that
I was on meds in school for my ADHD back in 2007ish but they weren't doing anything so my dad just took me off them and I learned to cope with my ADHD on my own. 🤷🏼‍♂️
I have ADHD and when I was little i used to take some pills for it (i dont remeber if they worked ngl ) but they made me not wanna eat and having difficulties to sleep so i had to take more pills to sleep so one day my family stoped giving me the pills and I honeslty feel better
I want to see the animal video. Already forgot what animal it was or what excatly was in the rest of the video.
The most accurate graph of existance on Vyvanse 6:08
I loved vyvanse, then they kept raising the price until it was so expensive I couldn’t afford it anymore
Aderal works with me best
TYLKO JEDNO W GŁOWIE MAAAM  KOKSU PIĘĆ GRAM ODLECIEĆ SAM W KRAINĘ ZAPOOOMNIEEEENIAAA
I feel so seen by this video lol
I was forced fed stattera by my parents from the age of ~8-12 (now 17) it would “work” like I could focus on one task but give me more than that I would have a melt down anyway I would constantly complain of feeling sick and absolutely no appetite till they wore off and they lasted all day which wasn’t good for a growing kid only eating one meal a day and after a few weeks I lost the ability to sleep interlay so what happens my parents don’t blame the medication for the issue they put me on another one called catapress but that made my blood pressure low so I had to take another medication. Than only After this absolute legend of GP talked to me 1on1 with no parents in the room he discovered shocker the medication I originally complained was causing issues so the last 4 years I’ve been unmediated my productivity shot down but I’m still doing well in school and much happier
Ritalin was what worked for me. It’s the only one that I tried that had the right impact without the weird side effects. And I’ve had weird side effects.
Just a heads up, most ADHD medicine doesn’t have adverse effects if you just quit cold turkey
I don’t think you have ADHD, I think you’re just normal and think you have a problem.
Hey so. My girlfriend had the same exact problems with other meds as you did, then she got Adzenys. PLEASE try to get prescription for that, it helped her so much! It geniunely changed her life.  I hope you get to see this and give it a try
I have ADHD and what works for me is a holistic approach. Incorporating some strategies to cope with the symptoms and supplement it with medication. For example, I tend to put daily necessities more accessible than distractions (like work apps are front and center in my devices vs leisure/social media apps). I find ways to optimize tedious or routine things as opposed to powering through them. And I only use meds strategically. Like, if I'm doing a presentation, or doing a big project, that's when I take it. But if my work/tasks for the day is manageable and requires minimal bandwidth, or if it's a day off, I don't. That way I don't lean on it too much, or have it used on less critical things.
I am rewatching this. What weird kind of doctors you have there? One of first questions I get asked when something weird is happening is "are you taking any meds?". This is both to rule out possibility that whatever is happening is and adverse effect of drugs, and to avoid bad interactions between drugs if I need something to cure whatever got me.
you guys should look at this songs lyrics. they are very very dark
Adhd meds aren't meth dexamfetamine isn't methamphetamine, they sound somewhat similar bit that isn't how chemistry naming works. This makes as much sense as Chlorophyll (green thing in plants people drink as health tonic) being "pretty much" the same as chloroform. I've heard this argument a lot but ask your prescribing psychiatrist for what they think and they can tell you
i was just diagnosed with adhd combined type. it's been a relief to know what my problem is to be honest. knowing i'm just wired differently well it helps so so much.
Literally, shot for shot, my experience with both those meds, specifically this month too. Wow. I just havent stopped vivance yet, and crippled my chest some work related way
ADHD? hmmm......     not me zoning in and out while watching this.
3:19 what you just did is more interesting than the video instead and i like it
i take methlinfenidate and it is really helpful.
this sounds like me😭
Ok, but what about that video with the cow?
I used to take Ritalin and Aradix.  Those two depressed me beyond what i could take and i stopped taking them.
One of the nice things about being an adult is that you have some power to shape your life around your brain instead of shaping your brain to suit your life.  We're a family full of adhd brains, and while my wife chooses meds, and I feel like for our son there's really no other choice (school is absolutely incompatible with adhd), I've shaped my job to work with my adhd. The main thing was to find a fairly chaotic employer, so I get constant change, and after a decade of that, I was granted minions to pawn the boring stuff off to. And I absolutely cannot overstate how life changing and awesome having minions is.
My doctor wanted to charge $450 for an ADHD assessment, total bs
hey you should try Concerta I use that in the mornings and it gets me through school and helps me get stuff done. not to boast but I have a in almost all my classes  it what I use and the type of add you described sounds a lot like me I also take Ritalin in the afternoons for homework tasks that usually require thinking it also helps with focusing on certain tasks such as group projects or just focusing on certain tasks. I hope this helps and my medication really works on me. I don't know about others, but I recommend Concerta and Ritalin. Thanks for your time, and I look forward to seeing more videos. Don't get distracted 🙂
OH MY GOSH I HAVE THE SAME THING WITH ADARAL  I also get out of breath a little with adderall
I’m glad other people have that tiny voice going ‘should we be worried about the heat death of the universe?!’
im sure the comments are a dumpster fire and this may have already been said but... vyvanse is the same active ingredient as adderall.  adderall is a patented mixture of levo- and dextro- amphetamine. your generic brand may be some similar mixture, but it is probably pure dextro-amphetamine.  (without getting too into it, levo and dextro rotary chemicals contain the same atoms with the same connections, but in different "handedness" very much like your left and right hand. the difference in the effect of levo and dextro amphetamine is documented, but small. thats besides the point because most people on generic "adderall" are taking pure dex anyway)  vyvanse is lysdexamphetamine which means lysine- dextro- amphetamine. theyve taken a dextroamphetamine molecule and bonded it to lysine (an amino acid). your body breaks down this bond, and your brain recieves dextroamphetamine. this means the release of dextroamphetamine is controlled by the rate at which your body's enzymes can break that bond, rather than the rate at which a time-release shell dissolves in your digestive tract (as is the case for XR adderall), but they are the same once they reach your brain.  I think vyvanse is great, I think there are a lot of differences between vyvanse and XR adderall, and I think a lot of people on XR adderall would do much better on vyvanse, but theyre the same active ingredient. it's just not true that any form of normal amphetamine "is practically" methamphetamine. just because its "one carbon (and three hydrogen) away from meth" doesnt mean its the same thing.  the difference between 5-hydroxytryptamine and 5,7-dihydroxytryptamine is  just one oxygen (and one hydrogen), yet one is serotonin and the other is a neurotoxin  (btw if i could highlight a major difference between meth and adderall, it would be the difference in neurotoxicity)
I took Vyvanse last year for a week or so, it basically made me depressed and stop eating so I don't recommend 👎
ofc i get this recommended during a shortage and i can't get my adderall :,)
I have a routine or a checklist for basically everything. And everything has to be planned and timed out, or it wont get done. I have to set alarms for starting tasks, or I'll just be distracted all day, for days. And I need alarms going off throughout that task to remind me to get back on-task. Music helps too, cuz as songs begin and end it helps me keep track of time in a "ball-park" manner (like "Oh shit, ive heard to 3 songs since I started this side-quest.. So ive probably spent 10 or 15 minutes off in la-la land"). Everything I own has a specific place where it is stored, and when i take stuff with me, everything has a specific pocket or place in my clothes or bag. No medication here, but these are tactics ive learned to use over my entire life to keep me relatively productive, and most of them work most of the time. And when they dont work, the whole "shit i have ti get this done NOW" thing takes over and I get it done anyway... But panic mode isnt my default motivation for completing anything since ive implemented these tactics.
You need to eat more
I can imagine some Emily "self diagnosing" herself with this
Please link to the cow video
Idk if this works for the medication your taking and I know it varies from person to person but if you are having major symptoms you should probably try to drink some orange juice. That or make sure you are eating enough and staying hydrated because most of the time if the symptoms are very bad it's probably one of two things: you are hungry or dehydrated. I've been on medication for ADHD for about I think 10 years now and guh felt on gambling part
ADHD is overall an issue that is unfun to solve, everyone has their way to do it but mine has been to know myself better and to choose what I know I like in academia and work (programming),  I went from shitty grades to quite high avg grades just from doing that, I kinda had to, this because the meds I was taking to 'fit in' and get decent grades in classes I hated, was giving me panic attacks and paranoia that was incessant, anyway that's the random experience I've had dealing with my adhd
I've been on a variety of different ADHD meds pretty much my entire life and I feel like I don't even know how my brain is supposed to function anymore. I currently take Vyvanse, and can definitely relate too being able to focus but always on the wrong stuff.  I recently went down on my dosage but haven't really noticed any difference. Still, getting the same results by taking less drugs is probably a good thing regardless.
I start Vyvanse tomorrow and am super nervous about side effects
DRUG HOLIDAYS PEOPLE YOU GOTTA KEEP YOUR TOLERANCE IN CHECK
I have been medicated for over 7 years and my god it is worth the sleepless nights and unnecessarily high prices
Adderall isn't meth wtf
Sometimes my thoughts just fail successfully
The worst symptom I experience is people think im an asshole for not listening to them especially my partner. I get why people get mad at me and I have a horrid short term memory so people think it's a lack of compassion or something but really my brain is dumb. Anyways iv never had medication help those specific parts without feeling super high so idk 🤷‍♂️
begins screaming at the ad. Each of these gets so much more creative each time.
I have both Autism and ADHD so im basically just bouncing between  regular ADHD and vivance ADHD
Might I suggest this lofi mix I found? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf6pmwLRQqU It helps me focus!!!
WAIT so I'm not the only one obsessed with the cow video hahahah
I've been on so many different meds between ADHD and antidepressants that I kinda don't even notice how they effect me and I just kinda take what they give me
meds should be a last resort, people are just lazy and dont make the life style changes needed
Try stratera i think that was my best result
Wait but what if you take both?
My 10 year old son has ADHD and takes meds every school day but he used to hate them, now he feels fine with them.
You do you!! :D
sleepy
I got ADD (less powerful version of adhd) and i also got meds, but safe ones, half of the amount of meds can be medically "safe" DRUGS, so watch out with what you get for your meds
This parallels my experience with ADHD and medication experimentation almost exactly. To the point that I’d almost send it to new doctors as part of their onboarding.
Concerta is what I use y he say it like that lol
Quillivant is really good, for someone I know diagnosed officially with ADHD - has been on it at school for 7 years and it helps a ton. He takes breaks on school breaks. Side effect is delayed appetite. Hard to find, expensive. But totally worth it.
Owh Great & Interesting video
Recommendation for anyone looking for how to manage ADHD without meds: Journal I refer to as my "parking lot". I jot down things I think I need to do before finishing what I'm doing, and then I re-visit it later, and try my best to prioritize. I use highlighters and stickers so my brain will focus a little better, but you can also do it with just a pen. It's taken me a while to figure out what works, and at one point it was hard for me not to get lost in the lines of the pen and paper, but I think I've managed to get it to a point where at the very least, I get the most important things done. Best of luck!
I have not been prescribed any for my ADHD but then again I was diagnosed at 16 and then my family doctor retired.. and still haven't found a new one.. I should fix that.
From my own experience, ADHD synergies with Autism in an incredibly strange way. Since most symptoms of both are some times opposites of each other, your brain will be in a constant state of either Nirvana or unquantifiable struggle. It is either all or nothing. You either understand and finish a project in one sitting or not at all. But, in the rare moments where all the benefits of the two line up, you become an unstoppable cognitive machine. You can think about as many topics with as much focus you want. Ever been able to process and plan for every single lesson for all your subjects at once, while maintaining full coherence on all of it, while at the same time planning the objective for your next gaming session? Yeah, it’s kinda like that. TLDR: the ADHD-ASD combo is either complete chaos or transcendent levels of cognitive control
You probably won't see this, but if you do, I can't recommend ADHD life coaching enough. I started it about a year ago, and it has helped me immensely.
Fucking hell. So it's not only me.
Just something ya gotta live with, personally musics helps alot.
Adderall isn't meth and it's almost identical to Vyvanse. Adderall is 60% Levoamphetamine 40% Dextroamphetamine and Vyvanse is just the opposite ratios of each.
Hey guess what Adderall and all those other mind numbing tablets will kill you, focus over a proper functioning body from a temporary fix can't help you gain self control
I suffer from this
i have  Vyvanse but its stops my eating plus losing weight and I cant force  that much sooo ya
Very interesting topic and cool explanation. The cow earned you a like and sub from me :D
I have had adhd since a young child, I took concerta which make me ill. They lowered the dose and I puked it back up. I don't have a problem with pills, for somereason concerta always made me ill. Nowadays I'll probably be distracted by most stuff easily, but I can do what needs to be done. For my random energy bursts I sometimes get, I use it to lift weights if Im home.
I had a very similar experience with those medications. I don't "do the task" part like at all, so Adderall ended up working well for me... even if it's essentially meth. Try Concerta. That is more likely to help with the focus but it doesn't give you that intense "tunnel vision" like Vyvanse does.
When he said the trumpet thing, I lost it. I do that all the time. I think I gotta talk to someone lol
Nice.
I started on Adderall in 2019 and I had an identical experience to you (complete with telling my wife I'd "unlocked the ability to can"). I'd even say I've observed the same thing RE: what adderall is good for and what it's not good for. But I'm inclined to keep trying to make it work, because while I like the sound of just being able to focus on complex projects, really I NEED the ability to keep my physical environment in order as I'm a stay at home dad first and foremost. Plus, I did observe that Adderall solved the problem of me not hearing people talking directly to me if I had my phone out or something.
4:19 same here dude. I had to deal with that since I was 5 you just gotta develop a method for that. It's hard to explain. They said I should get vivace.. but na.
I'm kinda happy I'm not on meds for ADHD tbh
ADHD As a Kid: watch TV show that you really like as a kid make it part of your personality never stopped watching it
6:50 (my opinion as a mentally ill person) this sounds like the medication causes you to have increased anxiety.   Medication for your brain is weird and complex. For me, adderall seemed to fix me almost entirely. But what it really did was give me the energy and dopamine I needed to complete tasks, but it made my anxiety much worse while also causing some form of denial. I guess my dopamine deficiency became a constant level of too much dopamine, so I always felt like everything was totally fine and that I had everything under control, when in reality everything was falling apart and I was basically in forced denial by my brain.  After that, I tried a bunch of other stuff. I have taken anti-psychotics, antidepressants, adhd medication, etc. and none of it fixed me. It would make one issue go away and intensely increase or cause another issue.   I'm also trans. It sucks. But here's the weird thing, when I'm actually on the hormones my brain tell me I need, I am much better off than I was on any amount or combination of psych meds. And I'm not saying that transitioning is the magic key, it was for me *specifically*. The only thing that will help you overcome all this junk is long-term therapy (I started therapy for the first time when I was 24 and it has helped me immensely in all aspects of my life) and trying out all kinds of different things that could help your mental state.  This is also not a suggestion, but for some people recreational drugs give them the balance they need to function. For me, changing my eating and sleeping habits while also being on HRT is the only thing that works. The only way to get better is to experiment as much as you can (safely) until you find all the little things that make it so you can overcome your issues. HRT gave me the overall brain chemistry change my body needed to start to realize what other things I needed to change. HRT and therapy caused me to be able to recognize that I needed to change my eating habits, so I started obsessing over it until I found ways to convince myself to eat healthier. After I started eating healthier, it compounded with the other things helping me and I was able to start noticing other small issues that have been adding up to make me able to actually function every day.  It's taken my whole life to figure this out, and it will probably take a long time for you too, but the only way to get better is to keep trying things. Every person's brain chemistry is different, you just gotta find what helps you make it through the day in the way you feel happy with.
Hehe the thumbnail
jokes on you, I was never subscribed to begin with......wait
Bro has almost 3M subs on YouTube and still proceeds to call himself unproductive
why is this so quiet?
This is all too relatable. Same with depression meds. Only if you just ditch those you get SERIOUS withdraws. I will forever have sympathy for those with addiction because I now understand withdraws.
I feel like overlapping and unfinished thoughts are normal for most people, also only really being able to focus on physical tasks woulda been fine most of history.
I have ADHD to
I have had ADHD for years now and never felt so liberated
Dam adderall is shit for thinking straight. I wish I had my Vyvanse prescription still, focus is good.
Do you have a video of just the cow dancing?
I'm struggling right now to find something.  Like, if i find a new job or new project I'm interested fot a bit then it just stops and i stare at the pile of things to do and Can Not.  I really have to find something.
Help the internet is taking my soul send help
Ritalin worked for me, tho i dont eat much in school since it greatly effects my apetite
I physically cannot go off my meds! I get weeeeiiiird....apparently the way I feel OFF my meds, I'd something people WANT to feel, so they take stuff and endanger themselves....I HAVE NO CLUE WHY PEOPLE WOULD WANNA BE CONFUSED ON PURPOSE?!?!
Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu 5 gram, odlecieć sam, w kraine zapomnienia.
So i was diagnosed last year at 31. i was already in the middle of becoming a bird certified trauma surgeon, but everything was so so so hard. After years of being on antidepressants for depression and anxiety, finally we caught the adhd (apparently this was a suspicion when i was in elementary already, but my parents never pursued because i was doing ok anyway). So i got started on ritalin, and the first 10 mg were a revelation. After a month my gf, my boss, my friends all said that i wasn’t really any different, but better at being myself, essentially. So then ingot switched to concerta because plain ritalin has this short kick when i tale it i didnt like, and my skin got bad from it. And i have been on that wver since.   So, i didn’t notice it anymore really, i was just doing ok. Exhausting stuff became just regular exhausting, attention span got just normal, emotional regulation just went into cruising mode. Inthought „huh, maybe it was all placebo?“ But, sometimes i forget taking it in the morning. Usually i handle it by just taking 2-3 normal ritalin ones, but sometimes i would forget to bring those too. Like yesterday.  Oh my fuckin god, the difference.   For me, meds dont make me better at doing what i do. They make me feel like a normal human being when doing them. Not a walking concert hall for amateur musicians, trying desperately to grasp a coherent thought over all the noise.  I take my concerta, i‘m more like everybody else. Refreshingly boring
I have ADD and im like the middle child pf dissorders no one remembers me
i need to see a doctor then ,
Adhd with meds only ever make me focus on the side thoughts and invest way more time into them, without meds I be gaming with 3 devices at a time over here running apex while playing bloons and raid shadow legends
tylko jedno w głowie maaaam
im my experience, when i got an structured day, i can run without meds, but if i got an unstructured week, i fall apart quickly. meds are something i take from time to time, when it is neccesary to get my shit together, but not as the norm.
Nice
polish cow my beloved
I would like to point out that the meds didnt work for icecream mostlikely due to him using his wandering mind to come up with stuff to make/stories to tell.  However the meds did exactly what them mean to do. Basically make your mind shut up a lot more and let you do whatever you need to focus on.  So for him it would probably be usefull if he took the meds if he needs to do tasks for which you mind shouldnt be wandering (household chores, editing?) But otherwise they wont help much.
To all my fellow adhd kings wait wtf was I talking about???
As someone who is not taking meds for their ADHD I must say over the years I went from absolutely incapable to do anything without getting distracted every 5 minutes to being able to focus for maybe an hour or two then having a distraction break from it all and then focusing again. It took me 5 years to get to this point but I am able to cramp everything into these few hours of focus everyday and I’m so thankful for it. Main reason why I’m not medicated? It gave me severe panic attacks which I suffered from before too so it went from a few a month to one per day at least over the span of 3 months.
Try Concerta that’s what I take for my ADHD it allows me to focus but later in the day not still be focused on the same thing
I was on medication from 3rd grade to roughly 8th grade + the occasional time I really needed to focus on high school for like an exam or a project, because I eventually went to a lot of summits in high school. So, I was on it from the age of 8 to about 13. I took a few different medications mixed with different dosages. But my experience was all the same. It helped me A LOT especially when I was younger with my grades, focus, etc. but I never ate and I never actually felt like a human being. Even with lower dosages. So eventually i started hiding my pills/throwing them away and my mom discovered that so I told her, we got a lower dosage and repeat. So when I got yelled at again because granted it was a lot of money I was wasting, I asked my mom if I could stop taking them my freshman year of high school and see how my grades were. We’re they lower? Usually only by a grade point but I was finally happier and I ate food and joined clubs and had hobbies. Now I’ve been off of it for the last 10 years and I’m in med school. Sure sometimes I struggle to focus or my stories somehow always get mixed together but I always think back to younger me who would be so proud to see where we got and how much we’ve accomplished without being on ADHD meds
I’m happy I have adhd
Some alternatives are: matcha, ginko biloba & ginseng (together), vitamin D, B12, omega 3 and exercise (most important).
Nice video
I've kinda just accepted my ADHD and I've SOMEWHAT figured out how to use my bad habits to kinda force myself into doing whatever task I really need to do, though it does take me forever to complete, I've completed it at least! Been a long time since I was on meds, cause they did the exact opposite of what they were meant to do - they ended up giving me the big Depresso Expresso, and I hate coffee. I also ended up going cold turkey on my meds, and I recovered quite nicely.
My AirPod died perfectly at 2:59 it just looks like lil homie is waiting on me to hit play again
man try to make your concentration better then i have adhd and i made it better with videogames just follow the one task then you go and do the another one or use a list or something dont think what you could do instead think of what  you got to do or at least that works for me
My meds stop by fourth period so i sit in english class and do nothing then go home and do nothing then just lay in bed and stare at the ceiling🤦
I’ve been taking ADHD meds every morning since I was 4. I am now 22. Waiting until graduation to slowly come off of them but…  Honestly, I’m scared to see the real me.
As someone who has been on ADHD meds for most of my life, I’m really glad people are sharing their individual experiences to give a better image of how personalized an experience with medication can be. I’ve had a very similar experience to someone else who commented saying it caused really bad appetite suppression, but they were so essential for me in school that I learned to work around it. But just because it happened to work for me does NOT mean it will for everyone!
I didn't knew I had ADHD until now. I used concerta and lost a lot of weight because of it at the time
Me but i tried everything before Adderall bc I didn’t want to be a stereotype but Adderall was actually the only one that worked 😀
yeah i was medicated for ADHD for 7 years of my childhood and it turned out it was a misdiagnosis all along and i actually have dyslexia and the doctors were just friggin stupid and money hungry enough to not reevaluate 7-14 year old me enough to see the actual problem.
I tried like 3 different things (don't remember what they all were, concerta was one of them but the other 2 I don't know) and, idk, it was weird cause they just sorta... did nothing? like, the only effects I got at all were evening migraines from one of them, and that was just from it coming off, not from the medication itself. the doctors and such that were involved were very confused cause apparently at least one of them should have done *something*. and then I was like, alright, this is silly, I quit, and so now I'm also sorta at square one.
it’s been 6 years since my ADHD diagnosis, and medication has always been a struggle for me. I’m constantly switching meds, doses, and types of the same meds. I’ve become so reliant on the medicine that I don’t think I can ever just… not take it. ADHD is hell, and I wouldn’t wish it upon my worst enemy
The trumpets were when I felt called out.
When I was middle school I tried adhd meds and I can’t remember what it was but it’s sound like the one about focus but one day just thought “what is this doing for me” and I just felt nothing no emotions no care for anything I was doing every day just felt like I was just living every day to fulfill what everyone expects from me
My best friend and I call our Ritalin “baby meth”😂 Funny as it is I am wildly aware I could get hooked on small doses of the meth. Not sure what to do about that though because I wasn’t functional before anyways 😅 And no one really acknowledges that aspect of it! What if the drug DOES work? What if your symptoms without the drug are just… as bad as before not even necessarily worse after a day or two of minor withdrawal that feels kind of like a cold? And now you can tell how much you’re struggling even more obviously bc now you know what it feels like to not struggle more than the average person? What then??? When it comes to ADHD meds a lot more nuance and sympathy is needed when people talk about risk of addiction bc some of us were already effectively as bad at life as being in withdrawal WITHOUT the drugs in the first place. Not everyone, but for me, yeah. So I’m kind of coming to this place where like… Even if I am reliant on the meds, so what? That’s the point. To be able to rely on them for the deficit that was already there.
I have ADHD. And I figured out drinking Matcha tea (hot or cold) helps me focus better. It might be the caffeine that's in the tea. Idk. I hope this helps anyone who tries it :)
Why do your ADHD videos seem very relatable?
I was misdiagnosed with ADHD. It was actually a form of autism.
Man i have no way to describe how much i fuxking love this content. Ice cream sandwich is the single best thing in the internet. It always pays off the wait to the next masterpiece of humor and entertainment. Plus, one day (not today) i will subscribe to every sponsor in this channel, i don't care if i need it or not
Wow I just realized I suffer from ADHD …. Internets great
Polish cow <3 I love to see specialy this meme in this video :D
I take Vyvanse for my ADHD Medicine, and I can focus better, but its not too much focus. I also lose my appetite when I take it.  Yeah, so Medicine varies person-to-person.
Hello fellow adhd person just info for the sake of it, I'm on 27mg of concerta (pronounced kun-ser-tu) for the most part of a year and I would describe it as It makes it feel like adhd lite it's just less adhd but it's still there for example I had a decent problem with impulse control specifically speach, i still had a natural filter yes but no words or sentences were being approved before being said and the meds made it all less including the impulsiveness and I now have a decent filter to my speach but when adhd gets smaller and becomes adhd lite but something needs to take its place for me it is autism but for you is your knowledge not mine and side affects for me it started with 3 minor side affects that would change and replace each other then 2 then 1 slowly over months now I only side affects I get is feeling hungrier slightly earlier and if I don't eat for to long I get realy tired and mentally slow it's like my body thinks I have less energy than I actually have so it diverted some from my brain it sounds way worse than it is literally half a snack bar wakes me back up. Lastly relapse whenever I miss a day or stay awake for to long after meds run out it says in normally just before mid day, the next day and all that really happens is I become un productive, lack of motivation, self Loathing, self hatred and the main thing is every system and felling of depression but a understanding that its artificial and not real and just the meds and the felling is correct. I hope this was useful to someone at all thanks for reading thus far, thank you.
Nothing like a prescription for *_a tiny bit_* of meth
My favorite part about this video is at the end when he almost drops his phone
...just be carefull with adicti    on down the line you tend to feel like you can't do anything without your meds
ADHD is barely a disability
the beginning is so relatable
ADHD meds only “work” when I want to focus on what everyone needs me to focus on  When those two are perfectly aligned (or I’m allowed to do my own shit), I have the momentum of a freight train and can work at what seems like an inhuman speed
POLISH COW
Now I understand why i love ice cream sandwich’s videos bcuz he makes the videos where my brain tingles right which normal doesnt happen
Huh
I had taken Adderall for a while when I was younger but the side effect I had was I was loosing weight due to not having an appetite and I wasn't sleeping well, so I just stopped taking it and ive been fine since. I have learned to just embrace my ADHD and Autism and work with them instead of trying to find ways to fix/nullify them. I have always thought of having ADHD and Autism is like your own super power and to embrace it.
I think the issue is medication is always framed as a “solution” to adhd. It’s not. They are a TOOL. Also, it can take FOREVER to find the correct molecule IN THE CORRECT GODDAMN DELIVERY to process for you as an individual. It’s entirely genetic. Luckily some gene research might be able to take your genes, sequence, and find out what the correct meds are for you in 20 years. But that’s in 20 years.  Also, VERY important point: MOST adhd meds are like meth but IF YOU HAVE ADHD YOU ARE FINE. you brain binds to these chemicals TOTALLY differently (not for bad meth tho it bad) than for a neurotypical person. That’s why people who abuse adderall have horrid side effects. You may have noticed you drink caffeine and you can fall asleep after unlike ALL of your friends. There is some anecdotal examples of what I mean. So the whole “meth scary thing” is bs and don’t listen to it. If you truly have adhd your body is going ti metabolize that stuff way differently than someone without adhd.  Lastly, you need to treat these medications as a tool. Figure out what meds work for what specific tasks. This is why I like adderall more. That easy one step? That’s how you START your day. That vivanse issue you had? That’s just raw dawg adhd hyper focus plus some focus juice. When you think something is interesting enough, with ZERO medication you can absorb that knowledge for hours on end and it feels like 15 minutes. Or anything you are enjoying for that matter. I think these are important things to know when taking adhd meds. It will NOT nullify your symptoms. It WILL, however, enable you to direct them in a way that is productive. The vivanse “symptom” you experienced is what leads people with adhd to actually be the top performers in their fields.  Personally, I take my addy to start focusing on shit I don’t want to do, then if it wears off I take another, but if I’m focused on a task already I just ride it out unless I need to take one soon to fall asleep on time. I treat adderall as a tool to start my focus day and not as one to drive it. I have to drive it. That’s for my studies tho (coincidentally is rocket propulsion and orbital dynamics). For boring shit I just pop the pill and do it bc that will NEVER be done willingly or else it takes up the ENTIRE day.  Me and all my adhd friends agree that laundry is the bane of our existence
The brain scene is literally my life lmao.
Have you tried Biofeedback therapy?
I’ve had my experience with Adderall, Vyvanse, Concerta, and right now, I’m on Jornay. For me, I can *feel* the difference but each one still more or less the same.(all of them around 30-50 mg btw
ADHD meds are good.   Fuck you if you disagree, you further stigmatized thier use so YOU can feel special for 'disagreeing with the experts'.  What about the consequences for people that need those meds?  Oh fuck them I guess cuz you wanna be QUIRKY 🤪
Your experience with Adderall is my current experience with Vyvanse. Yeah I have some energy and can get the house cleaned, but forget trying to sit down and work on taxes, language, classes, or even things i actually find interesting and want to learn about!! I get my first psychiatrist visit next week to try and find the right meds.
dopmaine in the corner made me snort, yes exactly
I take a low dose of adderrall and then sip an energy drink throughout the day. Adderrall helps me focus but I find that it doesn't get rid of the intense fatigue I feel throughout the day
Plot twist: the trumpets were playing the polish cow song
When i took my med i would not talk and go to rhe Hospital and we tried every med :p
Aderall works for me
Boy do I love ur vids lmao! Also glad you included "tylko jedno w głowie mam" ( the cow meme song)!
Oh man this is perfect because I forgot to call my psych yesterday thanks for the reminder
I still take low dose addy. I just have to set everything up beforehand so when the focus kicks in, it wont be on something else.  I completely understand the "physical" aspect as well. My car, motorcycle, firearms, PC, house... fkin spotless.
I have basically every symptom of ADHD- it gets so freaking bad at night I just like get all fidgeting and feel like I need to become a spider so I can climb walls
You mean to tell me ADHD is all I need to do get meth?
I would like to say to everyone having hyperactivity is hard, I say random stuff and I spin in circles and then it hits me, I get classified as childish and not serious, then they want to get me a therapist and consul me, I try my hardest to be serious but it sometimes just stunts me with new umbrage’s to deal with and anxiety, my whole life is wasted on video games and I am dying by mental health, all of my knowledge ever is useless and I have the urge to suicide. Everyone, please. If you see someone with ADHD, please do not snitch or scream at him, try not to be annoyed and be friendly as it can ruin his life, or try at least to understand him as he probably has serval issues in his life and the joy is the thing that makes his anxiety go away.
1:07 is literally my 🧠 every second of school
funny how I watch this video during my disctraction time from my task
I've had nothing but a bad time with various medications for ADHD, Anxiety, and Depression, so I'm about to start trialing some prescription cannabis. Maybe you could try that as well?
I've just liked the video instantly on start when i head "dancing cow" because im polish
I've always found that therapy and coaching are the main things that help me manage my ADHD, and the meds are more like the thing that gives me the edge in doing the things I decided with my coach or thinking about things the way I decided with my therapist. I've also read quite a few books about self-management with ADHD, and taken some very detailed, step by step productivity courses to help me learn general self-management skills.   My favorite book about self-management is "Your Life Can Be Better", by Dr. Douglas Puryear, who is a psychiatrist who also has ADHD. It's the first one I recommend to pretty much everyone who asks me about getting help for their ADHD. I also really like "Getting Things Done", but that is a book that is more for people who enjoy things like meditation, karate, or archery, and who don't necessarily have ADHD.  Hope this helps!
I was on addies for a long time but i stopped taking them because they just amp me up and make me grind my teeth and wanna smoke like 5 packs of cigarettes in an hour. They also totally destroy any creative thoughts i would normally have and then i get all stupid after being on them for a while. They never really helped me feel any better or made me more productive which leads me to believe ive been mis-diagnosed for most if my life.
What my medication does for me right now is that I can basically focus on anything that I’m currently doing…TOO WELL. Just like you described it. That’s why I usually don’t take it on weekends (or because I wake up too late) because I kinda like being able to just get a new idea or something immediately when I’m off meds. It’s weird and hard to explain. It’s still hard to do productive things and get started with them with these meds but at least they’re better than my previous which made me completely loose appetite even if I was hungry which lead to me not eating lunch or barely eating lunch when they lasted. At least they wore off before dinner though.
I thought you were dead until you posted this
Each different ADHD med have semi different effect on every person.  And those meds are not maid to be used everyday forever. You should use them when you need them. I am currently studying in Uni, so I take them everyday.  I have tried around 4 different medications, and indeed each one felt different from the other. Personally, had side effects to Retalin that forced me to switch to something else. Currently there are 2 different pills I am using: One is active for 6h and the other for 10h. Personally I also found them very helpful in social gathering as well (like a family holiday dinner with 10+ people). I used to think all the time "I just want this meeting to end" over and over and over again in those kind of situation, but with the pills I can actually enjoy them instead.  The meds are a great tool to have in your disposal, I would advise you to keep trying different types
I dropped medication and therapy was the best option. However, during the time I used amphetamines I was able to put together my whole career. I believe that drugs are a a wave you can ride to reach a more productive state of being and then that wave fades away so you better have some training that therapy is going to give you.
I was on Adderall once upon a time. I was put on it because I was getting sleepy in class and it did perk me up at first, but my body got used to it after a few years and it started making me more sleepy instead. Adderall is one of the only two out of about three dozen medications I have taken that has ever had any semblance of a positive effect on me. Don't get me wrong, I acknowledge that medication helps a lot of people, but it doesn't seem to be the thing for me...Lately I've been wondering why I was even put on some of the meds I was put on...I was on Lamictal for a long time...That one is intended to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder, neither of which I have ever had...  Anyway, I don't know if this will help with your ADHD, but have you ever considered meditation? Even if you have difficulty remaining focused on it, it may be worth a shot.
I found concerta works for me. Vyvance made me unable to eat and adderal is illegal in Aus.
But what about the BIRDHOUSE KNOWLEDGE
hey so the regular dose of vyvanse feels to me ...non dissimilar from 20 mg of adderall. i would try : higher dose of adderall, BUT  make certain its the 4 hr isomer.  Then whatever it is you are trying to do...do that. Dont "wait for it to kick in" , it will suck...for exactly 20 minutes then the meds will kick in. and you will DO THE THING. for exactly four hours. as hard as you can.
Bruh, I had thesame issues coupled with imposter syndrome. I also am bipolar and clinically depressed and I have anxiety,  but when I turned 21 I stopped taking my 14 pills a day and got started on Marijuana,  now I feel amazing
Comment 2: a whole bunch of people here are talking like their dosages were way too strong or were skipping doses (A THING YOU SHOULD NEVER DO)   Not a doctor obviously but I have been on ADHD kids since 8 so I have had both the ups and downs of mishandling meds at various stages of my life.
it is frustrating that we're kinda fighting against an industry that preys on us and our distractability via internet and media and modern culture
Congratulations! You learned that yes, ADHD drugs are like 1 or 2 chemical bonds away from being straight up meth!
I have ADD and Adderall has been a life-saving medication for me, I can finally hold down a good job and just, exist in peace
god i love that dancing cow video
Sponsor Sectionsare kind of annoying So maybe You should make The sponsor section A chapter of the video So that if Somebody Has seen this game before or doesn't like Sponsor sections can skip The sponsor.
You’re supposed to take break days when using vyvanse. Don’t use it on weekends. Also sounds like dose is too high! I have been using it since i was 12 and I’m 23 now
just wanted to chime in for future reference saying "symptoms" for neurodivergency such as adhd/autism can be ableist since symptoms can be referred to sickness and neurodivergency like such is not a sickness :D/nm
I also have inattentive ADHD. I was diagnosed when I was around 12 years old and I'm 29 right now. I've been off meds since I was 14. These past few months, I've been debating whether or not to go back on medication again, especially because of the job I do, which is audio engineering. So I would either be very focused on doing my work or have no motivation to start on my work. There are certain tasks that I do that would either take me minutes to do, but just not motivated to start working on it, and there are other audio tasks that I do that would take me a couple of hours to finish in one sitting, also depending if I can sit down and focus or not. Once I'm in that workflow, I just keep going until that one task is done. But sometimes, if there are more songs that I need to work on, sometimes I just do one song and call it a day LOL.
The funny thing is this is basically a kid’s channel and he doesn’t know that polish cow is about cocaine
I had the same experience. Even with these horrible symptoms from Vyvanse, I kept taking it anyway hoping it wasn't the medicine causing it. And then, the meds just stopped working. Idk what happened but I stopped having that super focus from the meds and even after taking a break from them and then trying them again, the medicine just wouldn't work anymore and I was still sporadically jumping around from thing to thing and not focusing. So, Vyvanse totally shot. I couldn't take it anymore. I have since hopped around from medicine to medicine, but they all mostly work like Adderall and I haven't getting that focus I needed. Me and my psych have no idea what killed Vyvanse in me, it's probably related to those horrible symptoms because apparently that's a rarer occurrence and only happens in certain ppl. But again, we don't know. (also he was rlly disappointed in me for just ignoring the symptoms and not bringing it up with him and stopping medication. Sorry doc :/ )
I also have ADHD but with several other things so life is a constant adreniline rush
Relatable  it is for me
I have ADHD and I’m on retalin since 2019
The lesson here is that adhd meds are not a "solution", they are a "tool." Yeah, it can take some time to find a medication and combination that works best for you, just like trying to find the right tool that fits your work style. So work with your doctor. Also, the tool won't magically do the task for you. You have to learn how to use it. You don't just point a hammer at a pile of wood and nails and say, "Build me a cabinet!" You gotta actually do the work!
Omg i need meds
Bro his brain thought process is somthing I can relate to so much 😭
I got diagnosed with ADHD, and then there was a shortage 🙃
Ive been on concerta for a while and its really helped me
OH GOD... most of the stuff you say is stuff that happens to me. I'M GOING TO A DOCTOR.
I was diagnosed in year 2
Vyvanse is hardly any further from "meth" than adderall. Both are amphetamines and stimulants. I hate how comfortable people are to villainize a drug that many people depend on to function better.
I have Autism, not ADHD, but I very much relate to your distinction between tasks that involve simply 'doing' and ones that require actually 'focusing.' Intrusive or otherwise distracting thoughts are unfortunately common for me, and while it's easy to be productive in, say, moving things or bouncing around on the Internet, my pace is much less consistent when it comes to reading for assignments, putting together my written thoughts (ties into the typical Autistic communication issue), or creative writing (which is a field I've been seeking to break into right now). With the former, I can set the disruptive thoughts aside or ponder on them *during the task*, but with the latter it would be a juggle between two parts of my mind!!
don't forget to unsubscribe!                       *WAIT-*
Got prescribed atomoxetine last year. When people talk about dissociation, they mean it. It can only be described as, nothing. No matter where you are, nothing moves you to try to understand, well...nothing. To understand feels meaningless. like being still in a dreary painting, with little things to stimulate, or spark any real emotion. I was productive as hell the first day, tho. had less intrusive thoughts too. 🦎/10
I take a type of ADHD med that I need to take a night and honestly it works so much better for me because as I wake up it's working and I can get things done
Dude i have adhd so how im I supposed  to watch the full video loool seriously im interested but im forcing myself to watch it like im forcing myself to do anything else
I recommend Concerta as I have ADHD and I’m taking Concerta. It is the second medication that I’ve tried for my ADHD, the first being Adderal (but according to my family it made me really violent so I quickly stopped taking it) and I’ve been taking Concerta for about 10-12 years now and it’s been working for me, I’m able to focus just enough to complete what I need to do without getting sidetracked, the downside to it is that you may build up immunity to it really quick as I am on the highest dose that they make (72mg but they give two 36mg pills to take). One thing that I’ve been doing is taking only 36mg on the days that I don’t have work and it seems to work, all ADHD medications are different, so try to find one that suits your needs.
How to sell  phone number
The doctor should have asked you if you were taking medication
I took ADHD meds in elementary school but we eventually found out it was suppressing my emotions. And they took me off it in 7th grade. It gave me anxiety. I use to just think I was shy. But no. Thanks ADHD meds.. Now I can't focus AND I can't talk to people : D yay
Glad I don't have ADHD
Some people have to try multiple meds, there are dozens, like you said.  I had to try 11 different treatments for depression, combined with therapy, before I found one that finally put depression into remission.  Now I'm getting ADHD treated and the combo has been life changing.
I used to take concerta. Was good, side effects then went bad eventually. Now ritalin is used rarely.  Tried a few other meds, but... most didn't cooperate with my body.  Hearing your story, ritalin might be the best, if you can get it. Its tighter controlled (street value), but it's short acting and kicks in fast.
Your experience is so close to mine, and it's so frustrating way too often
Yesterday I was on meds I learned several butterfly knife tricks, and did half an A-level past paper.  Today I did not take meds I did fuck all  I’m on concherta btw  Anyway, drugs work  I also find that I feel actually sick if I don’t do anything whilst on meds, I don’t know how to explain it. But I just feel outside of myself and it’s not nice. So longs story short, take drugs do stuff, the end.
adaptations can be made without meds
Grapes
Can we get the cow video full length?
I also took adderall and it did the truick for me all around BUT it made me very irritable and mean so I ultimately stopped taking it. Hope you find something that works for you!
As a person with ADHD the cow song intro caused me to stop watching the video go find the cow video and watch that before finishing this video 😄
Pls I found this channel recently and dying the CONTENT IS SO GUD IVE BEEN SAVED
This reminded me I have to clean my room
This works for my ADHD, (not everybody) but when I need to focus and be productive...Caffeine. Not a whole lot, just about 100-150 mg a day. The kind of caffeine you drink is important. When I'm at work, I'm on a crunch to get a lot done in a limit of time. So I drink a Monster energy and V8 energy. The caffeine helps me focus and the speed helps me get a lot done. When I'm at home, sitting at my computer. I just drink good old coffee. Helps me focus on my computer work without the hyper zoomies.   Again...Caffeine is not for everyone. Some people easily get caffeine withdrawal symptoms like headaches or nightmares... But it's a cheap alternative that can really help some people.
Wow, the "My thoughts don't complete or annoyingly overlap with one another" is pretty similar to me. I have ASD but was never diagnosed with ADD/ADHD.
Any time I took my meds, it fucked with my appetite, and made my mind foggy and headaches, and the most prominent side effect was feeling like I was in 3rd person or not in control of myself, my mood was shit and I felt like a complete different person, so much so my brother himself said yelled at me being very confused on why I have too much energy being annoying (not taking meds) or being emotionless (taking meds)
I have found the poor mans solution to ADHD,  Be too tired to run multiple tabs in ur brain,  also gaslight yourself into believing things are due 1 day before they are
You gotta get on methylphenidate dawg (concerta) it’s the perfect mix between vivance and adderall
I take guanfacine
I’ve been through like 12 medications in the last year all of them either made me not eat or always angry except for atomoxitine hydrochloride and it makes me really tired it’s the most mild of symptoms with all of the medications so I’ve just been taking it for a while
I take aderall xr 50 mg
i hope you’re doing well now! I have ADHD as well! (was diagnosed in elementary school)  for me it’s the focus thing as well, but i’m also very hyperactive  but i hope being unmedicated works for you or that you find a medication that helps you!
5:55 is the most accurate experience of adhd medication I can relate to. It's refreshing to see a bit of truth being discussed about ADHD instead of people trying to claim they have ADHD as some kind of badge or scapegoat.
ADHD makes me act like I'm not mentally ok, like making noises that sound like I'm possessed, like hitting the griddy while wheezing along with laughing historically.
Getting medicated it's your choice, just be aware that Adderall and Vyvanse are NOT the only possible ADHD medicines. Just to give an example, most ADHD people react very well to methylphenidate-based medicines like Ritalin, and there are even non-stimulant medicines based on bupropion like Wellbutrin (even though its effectiveness is controversial as ADHD medication: note that Wellbutrin is an anti-depressant).  Of course I'm no doctor and I can't give you specific health advice, but have you talked to your psychiatrist about other possible way of treatment?
As someone with ADHD who is taking adderall at 15mg, the accuracy when I say I gained the ability to DO but not necessarily focus is real. The times when I DO focus, it is usually on the wrong thing where I end up spending 9 hours on a debate subreddit or a video game doing the exact NOT thing I want to do
As someone who recently started taking Adderall, I feel that entire first part of the video
Hey ice cream You should do one on dreams and nightmares
1:07 this is exactly how I am!
I have ADHD and I’m not medicated. I’ve find that doing mindfulness meditations has really helped me over the years, as well as drinking matcha instead of coffee when I need to “focus.” Everyone is different, but I think meditation is a great place to start and being mindful of your actions. Another trick I like doing is putting a timer for 20 mins (with an applause sounds at the end😅) for focus and productivity and only dedicating that time for one task. Or setting bells to go off at random times, and I know when I hear the bell I have to be mindful of what I’m doing. If I’m on task, great, if not, then I need to change the task. Hope some of these tips help with anyone struggling. It’s a lot of trial and error 🥰
I have adhd and I have to take the meds and it was a little tablet with little beads in it and I used to eat it with cottage cheese and it was nasty but one time I took it as the liquid form and it tasted like 💩💩👿😈🤡👿😈🤡💩👿🤠👿👻🤗 and it hurt my tongue
Psych said I most likely don’t have all the symptoms to qualify for diagnosis which means meds are not an option for me and now I’m sad because there is nothing I can do to get rid of the brain fog and I can’t get anything done ;-;
Adderall should never be given to children.
what is the name of that song you put over the cow, and yes, I have ADHD, I have been told I'm the worst case of ADHD ppl have seen, and all of this is extremely accurate
POLISH COW!! 🤩🖤🥁🎺🔊
Try priming your brain by watching content related to your tasks before you start doing it. Your mind will catch interest in what your watching or reading, and then the hard part, when inspiration hit on how you're doing these things, just switch to the work and go. Then you can easily reach hyper-focus on that thing. If you ever lose interest in it, take a break and start priming your brain again by thinking about the problem or consuming more things related to it. Works for me, but I also have lower adhd symptoms. The barrier to just watching something about what you have to get done is like the easiest task, so you brain will mostly accept it compared to starting the hard work right away.
bro if i'm the only our ur new videoi.e. this one seems kinda un funny than others
Love the video and your honest telling of the story, but please don't spread the "Aderall is basically meth" misinformation around. That shit is not cool...
I just want to let the cat out of the bag. I am 31 and I found cannabis when I was 16. I’m not going to sugar coat it, going by experience alone cannabis is nothing shorter than a cure. As long as you continue to consume it. Not CBD or any one cannabinoid by itself you need the whole plant and all chemicals in that plant need to be activated. Without THC your hyperactive thoughts will not focus into one normal train of thought. The state of high to me is the state of normal. When I took amphetamines as a kid it had the opposite effect from why people abuse the stuff it made me sleepy and sick to my stomach. It was a generic of some kind I don’t remember what I was prescribed but they did not work. I would recommend concentrates over smoking cannabis as smoking is much worse than the vaporizing process of concentrates. I hope this information changes your life for the better.
The cow wus facts
government propaganda. trying to coerce us into taking mystery pills with cute animations. I will not be deceived. I will consume what they have illegalized. Crystal methamphetamines.
Used to take meds for ADHD, worked for a little while, but apparently it made me more irritable and mentally unstable than usual (anxiety and depression problems see). So at this point all I do is either get so bored of everything else except with the work or get so tired that my brain does not have the mental capacity to think conplex things and just do work. Maybe not the best way of doing things, but it works.
Came on this app to look for a tutorial. Now I’m watching a video about adhd. This surprises me. (It does not.)
As a person with ADHD I can say that I have so much empathy for man
very nice video
Nice
I myself take vyvanse and honestly, you perfectly explained how it works and feels. At least, it feels exactly like that to me. I haven't had any problems with it thankfully, other than an incredible lack of appetite while being on it, but I hope you figure out what's best for you!
I loved Vyvanse. It was all encompassing for me. And then my insurance decided they wouldn't cover it anymore and I had to start adderall. The issue is, I tend to forget to take my meds which has been a very bad thing with Adderall 🙃 it's like a good day for weeks on end and then I just stop taking my meds for 3 days for absolutely not reason and getting out of bed is about as far as I can make it. Insurance companies kind of suck yall.
i hate having adhd, it is so hard trying to focus on assessments. E.g. my geography exam was on Wednesday  and i ended up failing cos i couldnt focus on my own work
I stopped watching this to watch the cow video again
Ive been on a fair few and whats generally worked for the most part is concerta. You take it in the morning and generally works thru out the day. Its mellow like you dont notice it working but it deffo does. Ofcourse you should see what dosage works for best for you personally. Havent had any side effect with it myself especially compared to others cough adderal cough
Bro its minute one and a half and Im stopping for the 5th time bc I'm loughing so hard
Have you tried mushroom supplements ?
Yeah I take Vyvanse (idk how to spell it) and when I forget to take it… it honestly feels like I’m more on drugs then when I’m taking it… 😅
Volume is super low, got it cranked to max, and it's still quieter than most videos at half that volume
I’m so jealous to think some people out there DONT have these issues, I won’t believe it 😭 !
Also u need to make more videos, more faster, but same good quality humor.
The perfect silence that hits when you take the med is.... nice.
"Oh I almost dropped my phone"  *phone falls off table* Me cracking up and everyone else in room like 😐
This is my everyday but without meds
so i have adhd i started with stretara *think thats how you spell it* but i have swapped over to atomonaxine *thatshow you spell i right?*
"The ability to... be able to" I felt that, 100%, when I first started Adderall. But then Adderall made me angry after I graduated college so I'm on Concerta now
As someone who’s been diagnosed since childhood and has been on and off medication my whole life: meds only help, they don’t do EVERYTHING and you do need to develop coping mechanisms in conjunction with meds. How you describe adderol is how meds are SUPPOSED to work, you just gotta get work with your psychologist to make rules, processes, etc that work for you to focus that task function.
0:00 the dancing cow appears
I'm gonna be so real you mentioned vacuuming and stuff and it made me think "Hm, I've been thinking of vacuuming. I should vacuum"  ten minutes later my entire room is reorganized, I did a skincare routine, and this video is STILL not finished being manic while also having adhd is an absolute nightmare :/
Had a friend who gave me a Vivan once to try recreationally. Fucking played Terraria for like 4-6 hrs straight. New game, and just myself, but man I built a boss arena for every boss I wanted to fight. My only breaks were mining, building npc housing, and making a hellevator.
Im relating too much😅
:3
Andy makes me feel extra silly🤣 I'm like okay so its not just me😅
It takes time and effort. its not enough to just find the right drug often working with professionals to know an understand the day to day of your experience with adhd can help alot. but ya gotta do both.
Wellbutrin helped me and i also couldnt concentrate. The effect is mild and you dont really feel it kick in. it just helps throught the entire day
No bcz i watch videos exactly like that cow one 💀💀
Dont take medicals,be yourself
Weed helps me pay attention sometimes,  sometimes the opposite. Also helps me do tasks
1:35 I've know a girl since 2nd grade and I only learned her name a month ago
maybe the fricken phone and constant new youtube videos being shoved in kids faces CAUSES ADHD but nAAHHHH YALL seriouusly dont care about mental health
I'm beginning the process of getting an adhd diagnosis and trying to get medicated. This video was actually pretty helpful. Thanks for the insight.
When I was little, I was put on ADHD medication and it started out fine. The doctor started upping the dosage's until i became a zombie and would start twitching as well as not responding to people until called for me multiple times. Every time that Dr would say it was my ADHD and increase the dosage no matter what we told him. We ended up not going to him anymore. After we stopped going I continued having twitch's and things of the sort, After a while of not going it started getting a bit better but still pretty bad. To this day I still have small twitch's but nothing too bad.
👍
Did you ever talk to your doc about increasing the dosage of Adderall? I also started low, but I didn't start to have significant improvement until I was gradually increased to 20 mg. If Adderall partially worked for you, then you might want to consider upping it because in my experience, 5 mg is barely anything. Good luck!!
As someone who just started Vyvanse this was very interesting! I haven't had many side effects, but I have noticed what you said about getting "locked into" what I'm doing. I usually deal with that by starting the activity I need to focus on before my meds kick in. The other nice thing about Vyvanse is that you CAN go cold turkey or skip days without any concerning risk. Thanks for sharing your experience!
3:18 reminds me of Cyanide episode "Phantom Pregnancy" ... watch the baby.
I can definitely relate to the focus issue, even while on meds. Without the meds, my "mental spotlight" has a beam splitter, meaning it shines on a bunch of different things, but dimly. On my meds, I can shine the ENTIRE spotlight on something, but sometimes that focus is misdirected, so I need to make an effort to shine it on whatever I need to focus on.
You are my family friendly ninye
I'm sure you've got this advice or read it online already. but just incase if you haven't I hope this helps. Try getting something to fidget in your hand or when you recognize your off task ring a bell. You'll train yourself to either fidget with an item to keep you focused or you will constantly hear a bell go off in your head to focus you back up. I've been diagnosed  ADHD for over 20 years. It can be hard to train and it will not work perfectly, but it has helped especially when I am at work. Also sometimes a quick break can help, but I'd stay away from tv. Maybe just go outside and take a breathe
I have anti depressants that I take and if I forget to take it for s couple of days or just stop taking it I get a very strange dizziness that's hard do describe
As an ADHD with a person... I don't have anything to say I just wanted to invert those two words
i use biphentin and i find that it works then again i am watching this video sooo.....
This was very relatable XD Though, for anyone looking to get meds for ADHD, I would HIGHLY recommend trying to get a test or two for what medications work best for you. I'll need to go look up the name of it again, but I took it (just had to do a cheek swab or two) and it has been useful for tons of things besides just getting the right ADHD meds.
I tried guanfacine and escitalopram which was alright... but i slept 20 hours a day
you know i live in poland end that is a polish cow
Nice
Ok everyone has either horror stories or blissful tales of perfection but for me it's like??? These are doing nothing tf  My ocd meds have worked like a charm and got me to square three or three and a half in the long run in a year but I feel like with adhd meds I moved to square 1 and a half maybe a quarter not even square 2
this  🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦🥦 helps adhd well does for me
Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam w kraine zapomnienia
When I take my meds I don’t eat at all
What was the song at the start I kinda like it
With a person of ADHD focolin also works very well
I don't have adhd, but both of my boys do. The weird side effects with each medication could also be due to the dosage. Idk what all the medical history is with him but it takes a lot of trial and error with dosages/variants to get the best results.
I alrady use concerta, because when i use venvance i have depression syntoms
I was diagnosed with ADHD at 6 and all the op said is so true
i love you dude i havent watched ur channel in so long but ur funny af
You should look for better meds then Youll find meds that ll be the best for You!
Same for autism
Vyvanse is not meth
ADHD gang,  comment if you have adhd
It just made me realize I self medicated my ADHD
I had terazadone, they discontinued it and it was the best adhd treatment I've ever had.
Best is when you don’t take your meds and you just do one day and you slowly feel the guilt building up from all the things you were supposed to be
I take Focalin and it’s like… fkin’… alright   It’s better for me than when I wasn’t taking anything. Is it “working well enough?” I dunno, no…? But not taking meds at all sucks now that I know what it’s like to be on Ritalin and then eventually Focalin. Adderall 100% did not affect me. I didn’t even feel it.
Nice
good
try concerta
My meds changed my life for the better
Meds are good but what’s even better is learning to adapt and adjust at a very young age I learned how to effectively watch an entire YouTube video without a video game when I was 12
this guy stole your video https://youtu.be/kD6rWFQkpm8
I want to see about getting tested for ADHD because a lot of this applies to my everyday life too. But its weird, like I am normally not focused and forget lots of things and the whole doing tasks that are unrelated, but when I need to sit down and do something, I'm typically good at getting it done. HOWEVER that's when it comes to "thinking" related things like homework or writing. Physical tasks I get SUPER distracted by random little things around the house, or like I pick up my guitar 7 different times and play 4 chords and put it down again.
I tried vyvanse, and other meds, only med that doesn't have bad side effects (like never sleeping, jaw clenching and unclenching, etc) or that just doesn't do anything at all, is Concerta. I can't take the off-brand. My insurance forced me to for a while and I broke down crying to my primary when I was 17 and a senior in high school. See, I'd been on brand name concerta my entire life. When I was about 15, I talked to my doctor and we agreed I could discontinue it to properly learn to drive as it was preventing me from being able to as I'd only focus on one aspect of driving. (I can now drive with it in my system just fine.)   Well, when I went to get back on it? My insurance said "no" and put me on vyvanse only for those negative symptoms I had. And in my records, it says I can't take Adderall (likely something happened while I did when I was young, too young to remember). My doctor when I said the off-brand concerta (all my insurance was willing to cover) wasn't working, even with a second, smaller dose half-way through the day and I was failing my senior year and potentially wouldn't be able to graduate, said we could try a different med. But it would take weeks to build up in my system and start working.  I broke down and said I don't have weeks. I need Concerta, it's all that I know works on me and if I don't get help, I'm going to fail and be unable to graduate. I was literally crying.  She calmed me down and said she'd get me my med.  My insurance has never denied me since. Only issue is it has to be written "dispense as written" or pharmacies give me the off-brand version and I can't get the proper version without my psych writing to fill to order. I even tell them "I can't take this, I need the brand name, this doesn't work on me" and they just tell me to talk to my psych.   I hate that my insurance was allowed to put me through all that simply because they didn't want to cover my medication that in the past they'd covered pretty much my entire life. (I don't know when I started meds but I got diagnosed at 2 according to my mom, and I was taking meds when I was 5 or 6 and been on them since. I can't function without them.)  Apparently off-brand concerta just doesn't work at all on some people with ADHD and I was unlucky enough to be one of them. And my body doesn't take to the other instant ones well. I've never tried the other version of meds, but I also can't put my life on pause for months just to try to see it works and if not, try again with other meds, and have none of them potentially work when I have one I can take, only have the side effect of my leg(s) bouncing when I'm sitting, and work within a half hour to an hour after taking them.
I don’t know what an hd is but my doctor said i have 80 of them
i take focalin. i used to take concerta but that gave me tummy aches. i've never tried adderall but i've heard it's similar to focalin. but i find focalin also helps me focus on things such as school work. it's a thing, i call it my baby meth as a joke.
Why do you have an entire TOS in your description?
Why is the audio so low, my phone's on full blast and this shit low af or am I tripping? 😭
This is all really great info and very interesting, but can I get a link to the dancing cow?
I was on concerta but didn't like the chest pain it would give me.. so I stopped taking it, and I don't feel like going through the hastle of finding a new medication. But lately I've been fine? So I'm not too worried about that.
I wish anyone with ADHD the very very best! I do not think vids like this help their case, nor anyone that relates to it (practically everyone). Please stop
i was in the video for like 30 seconds then started watching youtube shorts on my phone
The song in the cow dancing video is about cocaine.
I’ve never took meds, but I do use a device called brain tap, it was $600.. but completely worth it. It helps me so much, maybeeee not so much with my adhd, but it helps a lot with anxiety! And maybe adhd too!
It's okay to stop taking adhd medicine. Especially if your getting these symptoms.
I'm glad to hear you're not on the meds right now. I had taken dextro for about 1.5 years after my diagnosis and I feel like I almost lost all of that time socially and spiritually. I got a lot of stuff done, but it made me so damn anxious (even with lower dosages) that I approached life in such an unproductive way. I stressed about stuff I didn't even find important normally and it made me worry so much about making friends that I was literally reading books about how to. The biggest benefit of all this was it made me aggressively read ADHD books and reputable self help books which now have armed me with the knowledge to curb some of the ADHD behavior that occurs off my meds. It's a tough journey and everyone has different experiences, but I just suggest you at least be aware of any changes in your personality. I'm so much more passionate and bubbly without drugs and the drop in productivity is a sacrifice I'm willing to make.
I was put on adderall and it made me very violent-
i started with biphentine but the helpfulness of it quickly faded so im currently on concerta
I like how you used the closing of the laptop to censor
I have ADHD and I take Focalin it helps my know what to do and understand to do things physically and like know
I do not have ADHD, but I have some other mental health problems that required medication.  It took me a couple years to find a combination of meds that helped and didn't make things worse or give me really bad side effects.  I ended up taking a DNA test thing and turns out all the meds they had been putting me on were in the same class, and my brain really really didn't like that class of meds.  After the DNA test it only took a couple more tries of changing around meds for things to get better.  All this to say, of you have access to the resources to do it, I highly recommend the DNA tests to see what sort of meds will work well for you.  It would have saved me years of trial, error and suffering.  I hope everyone on the medication journey is doing well and finds the meds that help them <3
Did you say something? I was thinking about the heat death of the universe
i was diagnosed with ADHD about a year ago now. for me, my biggest issue was lack of energy/motivation, and they gave me focalin which boosted my mood a ton, which helped me be more productive and generally happy. i didnt notice any bad side effects except for mild loss of appetite, but i did notice that it made background noise MUUUCH quieter, even super loud hallways/rooms, which was pretty good for my focus too. i’ll probably need to raise the dosage soon though since my misophonia and energy has been getting worse lately. hope this helps anyone who’s considering it! of course, i also have other tools, such as a big to-do list i use literally every day and screen time reminders on my phone to circumvent my time blindness. so medication definitely isnt a cure-all, but it really helped me!
One way to describe this sort of ADHD experience is, to be distracted from boredom, but without the boredom. When you want to focus on anything else, but without the desire to switch focus.
OK but what's the slowed down rumba/salsa track, like with the cow. Ear worm now
i like to say that being medicated is like having high thoughts while sober😭
“The only thing in my head is five pounds of cocane flying away, to the edge of the oblivion”
i have my own sotry with adhd that i would not mind telling to anyone who wants to know
this is the most accurate depiction of adhd i've seen
I don't like taking my meds :/
When i was in elementary school my mom got me medicated for adhd and while it helped with my focus and ability to do well in school (to the point i was top of my class) the effects made me feel like a zombie while on them and when they wore off at the end of the day they made me so angry at everything i often became violent to people and things around me for no reason… eventually i hated the meds so much i told my mom if she wanted me to take them she’d have to force them down my throat and so i stopped and learned to focus without them best decision of my life
Does anyone in the US know how to get screened for adhd? I've talked to multiple gen practitioners and I was like "I think I have adhd, I'd like to be tested" and they literally would just say "Okay," and nothing would happen???? I know that they technically can't diagnose me but like, I would at least like a referral or something???
I have ADHD, nice vid.
I got diagnosed with adhd when I was 6 and started out on concerta but it didn't work so they put my on vyvanse and I've been on and off of it for 15 years now and lemme tell you the hyperfocus I get is soooo strong! I finished crocheting half of a baby blanket in like 3 days, then I ran out of meds and my dr was out of town so I stopped working on the blanket and didn't continue. That was 4 months ago...
I took Ritalin and its a good medication. At least not for me- It would make me extremely nauseous and make me loose my appetite. Although it helped me focus and help me remember what I had to do for the day, it also made me forget to do basic human hygiene things because I was too busy doing school work or cleaning the house.
I really need adhd medicine but you can't get it in my country, my doctor gave me kid you not, vitamins They tasted great tho
okay focalin was at the top of the list, i was getting scared that i was like the only ADHD person to ever get prescribed it because every time i talked about it everyone made it seem like i was fucking crazy.
I had the very same exact problem with modafinil that you have with vyvanse, it focuses but if you don't have the self discipleine in the first place that is really hard to get with adhd you are fked 🙃
When he said 5mg of adderall; I was blown away When I was 9, I was prescribed and I’m not exaggerating when I say this, 30mg.   I only learned that as an adult; that was usually given to college aged people. My doctors needless to say, were extremely angry at whoever doctor allowed that to happen 😭
I’ve taken medikinet for over 10 years and then realized it started to work less and less and we always increased the dosis but at one point it just didn’t work anymore so i started a new med, concerta, like 2 months ago and it helps but i also get like all the side effects…
Interesting fact as someone with ADHD and a mom in the medical field… ADHD doesn’t exist anymore, not in the “it’s not real” sense more of people have decided that it isn’t really that different from ADD and thus have simply axed the H and made ADD encompass ADHD instead Edit: just did some research looks like the medical field can’t make up their minds and keep switch if they call ADD/ADHD one or the other
AWESOME
im adhd. i looked up some meds that could help but they are not ment to fix the problem. in fact, you take them and they are good for the temporary. whats the point?  i was in special education as a child. is special education a scam? is it a scam on the doctors end? they develop this medicine thats supposed to change the perception of a childs mind? are special educated lab rats?
I once took ADHD meds in 6th grade or so, and the meds made me not want to eat anything at all, ever. I lost like 40 lbs in like 3 months and was borderline anorexic. I figured out what was causing me to not eat and stopped immediately and never went back to the doctor again.
Consider trying wellbutrin! A lot of adhd meds are powerful stimulants and regarded by some as childhood medicine as adhd gets easier to manage as you get older. I'm 24 and I recently stopped my stimulant adhd med and I'm honestly fine! Stimulants can produce an emotionally numb feeling when taken over long periods of time, and it's really nice being able to "feel" things much deeper now <3
Ritaline is the only product available in my country, i did not even know so many medications existed!
Being recently diagnosed as an adult is HARD all these years when I thought I was just dumb :( But wow taking my medications was just LIFE CHANGING I really hope you find the right one for you!
That Vyvanse experience is way too relatable. 😂 Currently on this. Are you really supposed to pop that pill every day nonstop? I couldn't! I mean it has so many effects on your body... Someone wanna talk about this?
What adhd
For some reason the original video of the dancing cow was on my suggested feed. https://youtu.be/wlJriMfeCBc
ADHD can be super productive or super unproductive or nothing
Hes the only YouTuber worth watching his sponsorship
This is just my experience with me.., er.., adderall; your mileage may vary.  I'm 37. I've been on adderall for 24 years. It is my experience that the ability to focus isn't something you magically gain from the right medication, but a skill you develop. For starters, learn to be bored. You are of a generation who is more connected than any other before. Try disconnecting for increasingly longer periods of time. No electronics for an hour, 2 hours, 4, 8. Take a weekend off and go camping with no electronics.  It's like any addiction. Except instead of pain killers (for example) you're addicted to dopamine. And just like painkillers, once you detox, it takes a lot less to dopamine to get the same high. If you're brain isn't constantly seeking out those hits of dopamine, it's much easier to focus.
I also have ADHD, but whenever i take the meds, the symptoms of it get worse.
Wait...this sounds like i have adhd.... where can i check for adhd?
(18 and younger should see their school staff. The earlier you get evaluated, the better)  I am 22 and, weed is what works for me with creativity and focus, but also makes me anxious in a non-verbal way. I use it while beading, painting, drawing, writing, and sometimes reading. My brain still tumbles, but I stay doing that one thing.   HOWEVER! I only take about 5mg for an entire day.
As somebody with both ADHD and autism, i feel da same. but the meds i used was basically depression in a bottle.
Not to sound like pretentious or whatever, but have you tried chiropractic care? I was having trouble focusing in school and motivation in general and my parents signed me up for it and Ive had amazing results. You might not have the same reaction to it, or any at all, but it doesn't hurt to try
I took Ritalin. For me it was way different, it's like I could see for the 1st time in my life LIKE I JUST PUT GLASSES ON AND COULD FINALLY SEE. What I mean by that is, when I took Ritalin, I could NOT focus on every sound I heard, I could NOT listen to every conversation within a radius of 5 meters. That's the thing, not listening to someone wasn't a possibility for me, before the meds I had panic attacks every day for multiple years.
Pour your normal pills down the sink.
I have adhd and also tried medication, i didnt like the effects after a while and now i am not on any meds. What i do take everyday that improves my focus a lot is fish oil! Its amazing and i feel i am able to focus much better and think more consistently that without it, give it a try! If you see this comment lol
ADHD meds have been terrible to me the meds felt like nothing literally nothing but then side effects kick and I feel like shit
Your mom
My experience with adderall / adhd meds can be summarized as suddenly gaining hours of intense focus, but losing pretty much everything else that makes passing time bearable, from idle musings to my desire to talk with family members. It was like being turned into a very attentive brick wall. I constantly felt like someone else was at the wheel of my brain, and I was just sitting in the corner of my mind waiting for it to be my turn again. Glad to be off that stuff.
Nice video
I couldn't move on with my life and I'm sure others won't be able to either so your welcome. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hhMUT2U2L4
that bit at the beginning with 2+2 is extremely accurate
A while ago, I was given vyvanse a few times. Once at a low dose for a little which made me not notice a difference since it was during summer but the second time I tried them, my doctor gave me a “high” dose she called it but I don’t remember what. She wanted to see the results quickly but it prolly wasn’t a good idea  At first it worked, I was cleaning my room n stuff like that but I was also just dead focused on YouTube and philosophy which I was never interested in before that point. I basically got no actual work done but it made me deadly focused on things I liked. I also noticed how it calmed my anger when it came to video games which I had a big issue with.  Thennnn it started to crash from how high the dose was. I felt that exhausted type feeling like he said in the video but to a heavy extent but since the medication kept me awake, I was just like a zombie. This fatigue also caused my anger issues to get at an all time high, making me lash out at very small things like my door not closing like I want it to or my drumstick getting caught in my hoodie, or my earbuds tangling, etc but basically at a speed, xqc level. I eventually just stopped taking them which made it again even worse but then eventually I felt fine again. I guess vyvanse wasn’t for me ☠️
im taking vyvance right now and it sometimes does this fun thing where i become completely fixated on just *working* and if im not my brain feels like its going to explode a little bit because im not being productive enough. i think it only happens when i know i should be doing something and im just avoiding it but its not very fun so i just dont take it on weekends or school holidays. it also means i dont forget to eat food then because i can actually tell when i get hungry
Should try  Guanfacine  it's a non stimulant type off Adderall supposed to help with attention and getting side tracked you probably won't see this but I have ADHD and I've been taking it and it helps . Thanks for the video loved
I kind of know how you feel, I was diagnosed with ADHD yesterday and started taking concerta,, it really helps me focus the way I want it to. except it doesn't, right now it's just me thinking that it is doing something, which I still don't know how that does anything as I'm too focused on puppies. Puppies are cute c:
2.fun
Did you know that some ADHD meds can make med lactate (produce milk).
I have adhd lol relatable
i like it better with dexmethylphenidate. it 'cured' a lot of my ADHD. I was throwing tables, screaming, yelling at the teacher, hurting people, etc., etc. all that kinda stopped when i started taking it
I hate adhd. I'm just trying to sleep and do my work and I just got shinedown on loop in my head.
Guh
I found the best way to handle My adhd to the point were I get my work done is to live an entirely different life all in my head while my body goes into autopilot
Vyvanse be that way. Oh lord Vyvanse be that way. The breathlessness too.
End of Ad in video 3:53
1:01 1:01 me me
This video was great i really like the part when i was playing with My Friends
The thing about my doctor was when I was asking about starting to take meds and he just told me to "start a routine and to take more notes" so I will "stay focus and won't forget" but that was the exact problem, because with adhd even doing those things won't help me. I think what is frustrating is that some doctors just won't understand what you're going through no matter what. Also when I did take meds I never had any appetite.
what other meds have you tried, if any? as you know, there are others out there. people go through many different meds and a lot of people also to different combinations of meds as well. medication is effectively the best way to treat adhd but it takes a while
I have ADHD and I’m thinking about taking my meds
One time i started to take risperidone for my ASD, and the side eeffects were very drastic, every time i taked, i got VERY, VERY sleep, after a year i stop taking.
i know what it feels like
im a kid
I have adhd
I took my first ever ADHD medication!! And it wasn't really helping. And then I had to go off of them because they were probably stimulating my heart too much so that it was beating too fast and pounding all the time!!!! Now I'm back to nothing and it's not working !!! And my heart is still insane!   My counselor says that it's not about meds "curing" us it's about meds giving us support alongside the coping tools and mechanisms we've learnt or have been taught !
i always laugh through your videos but... 2:21 this whole part made me wheeze
Accurate
I’m so happy that you made this, this really gave me a lot of closure. The way you explain your ADHD symptoms really reasons with the symptoms that I personally have. You gave me such an easy way to explain them and I’m am so grateful. Thank you.
Oooh the story of ever adhd person. Maybe try rubiffen rittard? It works throughout the day
I got diagnosed with ADHD (inattentive) and I'm trying out stimulants.  Life skills are in shambles and the difference between "is the medication working or is it me now conciously trying to better my life skills" is hard to figure out. Impostor syndrome all the time. Right now my dose is probably quite low. Just trying to survive, I guess.
Concerta works the best for me tbh. It's like a good balance of focus and executive function.
Do more drug!  (Also saaaame. Did you like the racing heart beat all the time that has frequently caused me to collapse in public. Fun)
Fun fact polish cow song is a song about drug addiction and cocaine
My brain: you asleep? Me: yes. -_- My brain: how dose coding work? Me: -_-  Also Me: o_o
Had the same expiriences and then i toom Methylphenidate/concerta and that was it
6:04-6:09 cute
As someone with ADHD this is so relatable lol
I love Dancing cow
One time I was rolling on the floor
I FAILED 3RD GRADE CAUSE OF MY ADHD (I didn't have medications)
me when;
What about task b, c, and  d? 😂
❤
I... I have years of experience with this. ADHD and Adderall and guanfaciene(idk how to spell it) .. I can't.. I just... I HAVE SO MUCH EXPERIENCE HOLY FUCK U STOPPED TAKING THE MEDS!? Uuuh 🥺 whenever I do that my body FAILS me.
I have had a long road with medication, and I found that welbutrin works very well for me. It doubles as an antidepressant and it regulates your dopamine. Its not like, super focu, but it puts me on a normal level
I’m on 50 mg of Vyvanse right now and let me tell you nothing is bigger in this room than my phone screen
ADHD meds were good for me at first, as long as I was on them. But the moment they wore off I would be this emotional wreck. And eventually it would cause me to change my personality. Thankfully I’m off them now.
Idk if I have ADHD, but I have at least problems concentrating.  One thing that has made my days better and easier are lists and "Special Stuff"   I have lists for everything, things to do, friends to message, emails to send, what exercises to do, etc... That helps me with discipline and memory.  By "Special stuff" I mean that everything has a special function and purpose and can't be changed or modified, for example, my Laptop is for School Work exclusively, I can't download anything that is not school related; my phone is just for Me stuff, nothing school related goes in there, save for really important stuff or if I don't have my laptop.  I do this with almost everything, and it has worked for at least 10 years!
To anybody is struggling with medications, have you asked about Strattera? It's not a stimulant, and it's worked wonders with me. There is far less static in my brain. I can get more done, I'm able to focus better and even emotionally I feel less likely to get upset over things. It's like a lightbulb turned on. "Oh, this isn't worth raging over...take a deep breath and move onto the next thing." If the dose is too high, you can go back down to a low dose easily. Prayer for all you wonderful people, God bless and I sincerely hope you find the therapy/medication/life changes you need!
My goodness, this is one of the most relatable things I have ever listened to
3:13 is that Mario Party 6 I hear???
As someone with ADHD myself, lookout for harmless stimulants when you take meds. Caffeine and Taurine can mess with the meds impact. I took ritalin for about a year before i stopled because it totally killed my social capabilities. Because i also drank coffee i started to get arythmia, out of body experiences and paralytic moments where i could notlmove my body. It was weird. Without the coffe it works just fine without any side effects.
anyone have to start and rewind this vid multiple times?? no? haha....
All the tables in the world are not enough for the 20 things I do at the same time.
2.69M subs >:)
Audio is so low
As a fellow animator with ADHD, meds are only 60% of the solution. Everything else has to be your input. Think of it like this: The meds help you focus. YOU have to choose what to focus on.  It’s also important not to hyper-focus (like you did with literal rocket science, which is somehow impressive), because that’s a recipe for disaster. You start neglecting the world around you and forget to do things like take out the trash, or do the dishes, or… eat. Food. Before the day ends. It always sucks to pull yourself out of a stream of focus, but it’s important to be able to.  (Side story: I personally take Concerta, and that’s been working pretty well for me for years. I’ve only ever tried one other medication, but that one started having the opposite effect we wanted. I was basically the same as if I didn’t take medication at all, but with a free DLC of *heightened anxiety!…* which got to a point where I started having anxiety about having anxiety.  … I was on that prescription for like, two days.)
finding the right meds and dosages takes a long time man, just gotta push through it
tylko jedno w gowie mam
I've been on adhd meds since I was 3. I'm 23 now and a few months ago my insurance messed up and I couldn't get my vyvanse for about a month. The first week was HELL. I was super tired, didn't shower cuz I didn't have the energy to, I couldn't even focus on playing video games. The second week was...better slightly. But when i finally got my meds again i felt like i was gonna die from my heart exploding it was beating so fast...although i may have some undiagnosed anxiety disorder or something idk yet. This is 50 mg of vyvanse btw. Don't stop taking your meds yall.
I have ADHD and take medikinet for it
Please do no take drugs and drown out your masterful brain in a haze.
i've got diagnosed with ADHD at 5 yo. I've took Ritalin from 5 yo to 16 and its the worst thing ever.  it made me ultra depressed and tired all the time. My therapist said it was his first time seeing a depressed 6 yo with no major trauma. just chronically depressed. My psychiatrist was really an asshole and didn't really care about the side effects, so he really just gave me stronger and stronger doses. I remember when i was 12 and taking the highest dosage available on the market.  Since technically there wasnt any stronger dosages available, my psychiatrist just told me to take 2 pills. ( one stronger then the other)  at 16 I couldnt handle it anymore and i switched therapists ( since the last was compliant to the psychiatrist)  Told the new therapist my situation and we first began working on taking less pills and then figuring out my ADHD from within.  I started undertanding how my brain works and how to strategize my focus.  Im now 21 yo and stop taking any medication at 18.  Honestly , im the most productive and happy in my life.  Not saying that people should quit their meds, its just how i handled the situation
I find myself not being able to do tasks a lot, thinking far away from what I should be thinking about. I never could study or do homework even tho I knew I should’ve. As a adult now I don’t have much drive to do the easiest of things cause my mind races. I’m scared to talk to my doctor about it cause I don’t what to really be on medicine and I don’t know how to really talk about it to him
I was on vivance for years, and yeah, its a totally fine med if youre in a very structured environment, but its horrible if you are in a freeform environment. But the side effects are so wild, and suffering the side effects while going through puberty made it all much much worse
Ice cream sandwhich sponsers arae the only ones i watch
pls another video the last video its 2 months ago
Im taking concerta and the side effects for me are: no real feeling of hunger. Which leads to me snacking and eating long into the night and with a bad sleep. Another one is I am not as impulsive, like when I forget it on a day I want to go to mc‘d and eat a burger at 6 am.
I just stopped taking meds too. I've been feeling frustrated and upset that medication didn't work for me, so thank you for normalizing it. This was validating for me to hear. Also the drawing of dopamine deflated on the ground was hilarious lmao
>:(
I hab a similar story with ritalin. Idk if this has to do with other traits, but I had success defaulting to mental bargain: let youtself be distracted with whatever, but that thing: really do it! Use the initial intrinsic Motivation to drop into hyper-focus, and do not Care about the sane things (also includes things like eating, so speak to a doctor if this is viable for you) until that focus is dropped.
Hii
The polish cow was my ringtone for a while lol
I don't like taking adhd meds it takes away my hunger😮‍💨
The intro song is called the POLISH COW. If you search it up the lyrics has other meaning and it suits his story/animation very well.
But it's a vibe all the time
Your brain have a problem and you can't fix it yourself?  It appears to be a major lack of experience in said ability 🧐
your friend sounds like he smokes weed
Really? Compy?
There is no such thing as ADHD. It's just poor parenting.
Most adhd meds are just micro doses of meth.
I have ADHD but I've learned to push my self every day to be productive and do YouTube videos, I enjoy doing stop motion, and believe me it's hard doing stop motion with ADHD 😂,I always get distracted when making my videos, but in the end I learned that it will always be a part of me so I just embrace it 😁
Damnit revanced skipped your sponsorship. I can't even rewind to watch it I have to disable it straight up.
Bipolar type I here and whilst it’s not ADHD, it can have some behavioural overlap. Especially when I’m manic   I’ve heard the expression ‘Med-Go-Round’ when talking about trying different meds and boy is it accurate!! I often feel like I’m on a ride I can’t stop.   Though for me, the positives outweigh the negatives, but even now I’ve found my ‘holy grail’ combo of meds, I still have times I don’t feel great, either due to the bipolar “peeking through” the medication, or the actual medication making me feel nauseous.
You were probably dehydrated
I've tried addies, ritalin and concerta. Had it work for a time till It just didn't. I don't want to ask for higher doses, scared I'll seem like a drug seeker.
I used to do meds, equazym and sometimes ritalin, they both worked pretty good. I was diagnosed when I was 12
I took meds for abilities. It's called abilify or some shit.
As someone who has had ADD (now ADHD) since I was 8 and in my 30s now, medication was the worst experience. I never felt like me while taking it, felt more like a drone. Recently been doing a lot of research and come to find out parts of the world like India use natural herbal treatments for ADHD, not the stuff we use here. I encourage to do look into these yourself. I've noticed a huge difference just taking the right supplements and exercise. ADHD people typically have very low zinc, iron, and vitamin D. Also Omega-3 fatty acids is huge. Other than that, I take supplements which include Ginko Biloba, Bacopa, and Gotu Kola. These are all natural herbs. So with a doctor's help keep zinc and iron in check, plenty of regular exercise and sunlight to help with Vitamin D and Dopamine, fish oil for the fatty acids, and the above mentioned supplements have been working wonders for me. Ive noticed almost an immediate improvement in my life. Again do your own research and consult your doctor to be safe. This is just been my experience.
2:25 for the past few years, I called these my "A-B-Q days", going from Plan A to do in my spare time, to Plan B, all the way down to Plan Q of least importance.  I'm not diagnosed but still looking into it, if I could focus long enough to find a doctor.
can anyone tell me thenameof the song that was played right at the beginning I want hear the song
Have these same problems with any of the medications I've been put on. I never seem to get the results that benefit me. Nice to see people who also have these issues.
Can we have an icecreamsandwich dark mode?
You reminded me to go get my adhd meds updated (I forgor what getting it done was called) but I have vyvanse but I think it just does nothing……… I think I should get my dosage redoneeee or meds changed
We spent most of our lives developing methods to coop with ADHD, when you take meds it only creates a new state of mind that you have absolutely no experience with.
Holy heck I got the same issue and I take Concerta. MAN I NEED TO FOCUS but I just start cleaning. When I don't take them I just waste the day and panic that I haven't gotten anything done but when I do take them I just get on a roll of doing menial labor. I had to lower my dose because I kept getting that racing heart pain and no I'm worried that it just doesn't work anymore. I've been on them for 8 months but don't know how to ask to get on something else.
Y'all please don't listen to this if you have ADHD, this info is very misleading please talk to your Doctor, the meth thing is ridiculously exaggerated. Adderall is a stimulant like meth sure, but so is coffee.
I'm not even going to lie... I wasn't paying attention to this video until I heard the ad read. I think I was looking at Twitter or something I don't even know.
same we medicated in this house
In case anyone wants to listen to the "dancing cow song" - here it is: Cypis - Gdzie jest biały węgorz? (Zejście) It's pretty dark tough ... but a banger :D
I take vyvanse and I can now… focus on the wrong thing exactly like you said. Being a welder means there is only one thing to do so that’s good
Your videos are so good
I just really want to watch that cow video on repeat now…
As someone who also has ADHD and has been on Adderall for about a year now... I hate how this video sounded so much like my own experience. The meds don't make me feel anything in particular, it's not a rush of energy or anything. But it quiets my brain down so that way I can pick something to do, commit to it, and then get it done. That thing about trying to do thing A but then getting caught up with things B-Z is sooooooo relatable.  ALSO ADDERALL IS NOT METH! That's a common misconception that needs to go away. It causes a lot of confusion and harm which just adds to the stigma around mental healthcare!
All of this sounds right. 👍  I would caution, though, that if you’re not going through school or completing a project, you may not need meds.   I am lucky enough to have a job that doesn’t require much more than being there. For now, meds would just make me more irritable around others. Sometimes I don’t like myself on them. If I go back to complete my college courses, I’ll have to, but for now I’m bobbing along in the current, friendly and free.
bro, maybe you should look into taking anxiety meds instead.  I've been on different adhd meds off and on for about 4 years but none of them were fixing my main problem which was having this constant stream of thoughts running through my head so much so that I would get these awful headaches. None of the thoughts were generally bad which is why I just assumed it was just some left over adhd and I had to up my dosage. No though I was just stressed out my whole life and I didn't even know it. So yeah if you take every adhd med youre allowed to take but none of them stop the horrors maybe you just have a different brand of adhd.
I have adhd and I really wish I wasn't born with it I am trying to figure out how to focus more but it harder to listen because I got something else on my mind I feel like i can't be don't anything in life and I just accept that hopefully none of the kids like me don't have adhd
Im pretty sure I don't have ADHD but.. ima take those meds just in case .w.
an adhd thing i would do A LOT is be talking about something, stop for a few seconds, and then start talking about something seemingly unrelated as if that was the conversation. Like "No yeah toast is good, though I prefer untoasted... But I dont really know how I'm going to implement the new stepper motor driver." and would confuse people. I've learnt to notice that, and inform people about the 15,000 jumps i made in my head to that topic
Here is the Polish dancing cow, for all those curious. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyDyOweu-PA
Suiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is pogchamp
I personally have been taking adderall and it works great. BUT i only take it when i need to. Like if im doing a big focus thing for the whole day i take my long release and when im just doing homework i take the short release but when i dont need it and can get the task done without the meds i try to do it without the meds. That way i get that extra boost of dopamine when i need it but im not reliant on it or taking it every day. Its been really helpful for me personally and whenever i go on my meds i can feel the effects more in focus. Plus for the whole thinking issue it sometimes helps to have the overlapping thoughts since i get through the work quicker. Overall ADHD is a unique experience and learning how to deal with it in the best way possible is a lifelong journey that’s different for everyone.
Yes Ifhe same way for me relatable
ADHD is interesting, with or without meds. Its an experience.
I've taken Vyvanse since 2nd grade and I just graduated 2022, after I graduated I stopp taking medication (after getting the okay from my doctor) and I'm able to do task like I could with the medication, the only issue is sometimes I can lose focus easily, and I have some days where I'm not very productive so, sometimes you just out grow needing the medication. Sometimes you just have to find your own methods, ADHD is a like a jack of all trades there's so many different variations out there
good
I'm hoping that with psilocybin looking like it will get legalized, or at least taken out of the category it is currently in, there will be more studies on it. From what I have heard of research done so far, it has been very helpful for people with addiction. I feel like the impulsiveness of my adhd is one of the worst parts, and its too easy to get addicted or at least spend way too much time on games, shows, YouTube, entertainment things in general. With psilocybin making new connections and blocking others in the brain, I have a feeling that this could be another form of treatment for adhd, and may be something that some people won't have to take long term. From the little bit I have looked into it though most current studies seem to be focused on depression, anxiety, addiction, and ptsd. I feel like the pandemic and the lockdown specifically eroded my executive functions severely, my adhd feels so much worse now. My medication helps but medication alone isn't really the solution for adhd, you need good habits and solutions to whatever specific issues adhd causes you. That is one of the reasons I hope psilocybin is helpful, since it can help with talk therapy. Because for me my adhd is so bad, like in the video I can only reliably get physical tasks done, mental ones have been very hard to get done consistently. I have a good amount of experience and knowledge with software development, enough that on paper I should be able to get a decent job. I just haven't been able to get myself to actually make things, both to have portfolio pieces and to practice the skill. This has gone on so long that I worry if I can get myself together long enough to get a job in the field or if I am doomed to settle for some other more hands on jobs like carpentry. Also nothing against carpentry, I just don't want all I have put into my skillset to have been a waste. If psilocybin therapy opens up to me I see it as either helping with my adhd or helping me come to terms with my condition.   also Idk if you'll actually see this, probably not, but based on the video it sounds like you only went to a psychiatrist. The place I go that specializes in adhd does both psychiatry and therapy. I feel like the therapy is a very important part of the adhd treatment. Especially being able to get help from professionals that also have adhd, if that is something that is in your area.
You have ADHD because you removing the hair poofs in that Halloween video
same ive been on like concerta strattera and ritalin, concerta made me feel pukey, strattera gave me high bp like mine is really high now and made me fat and chest pains and morning pukeyness and made me more mad and ritalin gave me the focus that i needed but it made me anxious and suicidal after it wears off  it sucks🥲
We are all our own lab rats till we find the right mix lol good luck figuring it out someday 👍
doing tests when you have adhd is hell on earth
the "who's in charge here??" *cuts to completely deflated dopamine* had me cackling 😭🤣
u can use c4nn4bi5
I had to stop taking my adhd meds cause it made my hallucinations worse, it never really did that before but now I can't take them without hearing voices. Sucks cus they definitely would help sometimes.
I also used Vyvanse for my ADHD
Icecream bagel!
I’ve been taking biphentin for about 8 years (50 mg for at least the past 3) and I dont take my meds on the weekends or over the summer anymore because biphentin cuts down on your appetite, and I dont know if its just because ive been taking the pills for so long but if I were to just stop taking my pills there would be like no effect (Though to be fair i hardly notice the effects of my meds when I do take them, besides the cut appetite)
mfw self diagnosing with adhd and self prescribing daily doses 30 grams of pure krokodil
I used to take sooo much concerta as a kid just to function. Now that ive been off of it for a few years I can't even drink coffee without crazy anxiety 🙃
for me bc i have ADHD i also have medication that helps me focus really good!
OH NO- I relate WAY too much during the multiple me’s part- I CAHNT (; x ; it’s very frustrating to deal with, even though there have been times when I appreciated that I was able to question different perspectives before making a decisions- it’s just not always great, and then after getting overwhelmed, I end up not choosing ANY option anyway, and it’s just very unproductive (= x =;…  Love ur transparency here and the format u bring, it makes it easy for my smooth brain to follow.⭐️✨👍💕
Just got diagnosed today and am starting meds tmr what a time to be alive
I bassicly need medication this is what goes on in my brain but like 1000mph faster
relateable. as a adhd and autism person who takes meds for migraines, focus, and melatonin for sleep. Enjoyable vid. :D
I have adhd and i had a kinda similar experience except i was crying in the corner which was not fun.
Boy oh boy can I relate to this. I'm surprised you got prescribed Adderall on your first go! It seems a little more... protected? now? than it was? Like, they're not writing the prescription out all willy-nilly like they used to. I ended up with about a year of trying things before Adderall. A blood pressure medication gave me severe hallucinations at night, Wellbutrin got me scratching my arm a little too hard if you catch my drift. You know what worked? ... Adderall. Sometimes I love my silly brain, but I'm also glad to give it that little dopamine boost to feel normal. Instead of doubting every single thing I say or do, and not getting anything done on a day off. Best of luck on the adventure, if you're comfortable trying lots of interesting brain boosters, you may be on a hell of a ride!
2:37 this is happening to me right now im supposed to be diong hmework but then i thought oh ill watch a youtube video and now its 9:00
subscribe to ice cream sandwich 🍨🥪
Not me getting sucked down this rabbit hole and getting distracted...
I was on Vyvanse once. I did not like it.
Took Focalin. That shit HITS. It, after his description of Vyvanse, seems to work in a similar manner. Soon enough, trying to shift tasks was like maneuvering a tunnel bore. My brain and heart was pretty badly screwed after taking it for just about all of elementary school. Now, I have to fight to regain fitness and thinking power.  I'm winning 👊
I've always had ADHD and my doctors would switch me back and forth between ritalin and adderall every 3 months making me get multiple blood tests etc and i just felt less creative less talkative less me one of my symptoms of the adderall was my medication started attacking my kidneys causing me to now wave a weaker bladder causing me not to want to eat almost all day till like 12 am so after years from elementary school in the 5th grade to 12th i stopped cold and it hit me like a meth addict getting clean for the first time and didn't and haven't gone back
I take my concerta 'as needed' (once or twice a week) so i dont let it build up in my system and get the negative aspects. For me it means getting chores done and work through my pile of projects, then other days i can rest or brainstorm or socialize
I got diagnosed and medicated cuz of u man lol thanks
I just won sey the song from first min is abaut drugs
Hmm... ya know for some reason I never looked into medication for it as an adult... I've had so many unsuccessful attempts trying anxiety or depression medications that I just hate going through the symptoms. I took riddin as a kid, an it worked while I was at school which is what I needed... but it caused weightgain cuz I refuse to eat while on it then when it wore off I'd be starving. Kinda jacked up my metabolism. Then my hormones got jacked n took over 😅. So I've just kinds delt with it?... be nice to feel normal or get the crap I need done, done 🥲
methylphenidate is the one to go because i see a copy of myself in this video and it works perfect for me and doesnt have weird side effects but there are 2 versions of it a all day working version and a half day working version and i recomend the half day ones because the full day ones can have interesting side effects not bad just interesting
I don't take ADHD meds because my brain is WIRED to ADHD and will actively reject all attempts at eating or drinking when I'm taking any meds. like it will actively throw up or take away all hunger hormones  to make me stop taking the meds. I like my ADHD though. I think it makes me funny.
My Brain: wow this was really insightful damn Also My Brain: PSA if your butt is wifi-enabled it could still benefit from Nord VPN
I've been taking Vyvanse since I was 13 (25 now) and it's been a hell of a journey. It's something that I had to learn to harness—learn how my ADHD affects me and how the Vyvanse is supposed to help to alleviate ADHD's symptoms. It took me up until the past couple years to finally get to a point where I feel like I've got a handle in my ADHD, and I'm now on a path towards becoming a mechanical engineer. As I type this I'm supposed to be studying calculus and not on YouTube, though so there's that too.
ADHD makes we go "oh a window...      WEEEEEE".
Meds are amazing and getting the right ones is the best feeling like ever. Hope you find the right ones for you out there :)
Whenever I watch stuff like this, while I'm doing several other tasks, I can't help but feel like its describing me and my daily issues. Buuuut I don't want drugs, so ill continue to ignore it.
I love this patient lead healthcare where nothing is done until you ask about it and then the medicine is immediately prescribed without a discussion of adverse events leaving the patient to google it themselves for the prescriptions written by a doctor.
This is the only YouTuber that I don’t mind watching his promos, there great.
Just take speed.
This guy is just describing a students life.
focalin has worked for me, ritalin has worked for a lot of my friends. it's worth trying more. there's this place called amen clinics that gets more specific than "you have ADHD" and they did a solid job of matching a drug to my type of ADHD
0:47  drug.
Right now im cooking, getting clothes washed, gathering trash, playing sims 4 and watching this video lol 🤪
I feel like this is me. I can focus but if that focus goes toward how a RS323 protocol works (fun fact but not needed) or how to do taxes? Yeeea
As someone who was on all sorts of ADHD meds as a child, I can't begin to describe how awful my grades were in Elementary school. Once my parents couldn't afford them anymore, I was off them. Which hilariously my grades completely flipped and everything was good. Moral of the story, if you're kid is obsessed with their hobbies, they're just a kid. meds meant to help them focus are probably just gonna make them double down and get nothing done
on vyvanse, i never got the weird pounding heart thing, but i did start t h r o w I n g  u p so i switched and then my adderall started doing it and now my current meds are doing it.
I don't think I have ADHD but I can still never finish anything. Meanwhile, you have a super cool youtube channel with great videos that I love. I guess I'm just lazy.
this is actually so real
I got distracted watching this and can't remember where I zoned out. Guess I'll have to rewatch
Love your animations
the exact same thing happend to me, i wish i had a gaming computer :(
I took Vyvanse in highschool and those headaches were absolutely KILLERRRRR
It's too bad you didn't try more medications. My life changed when I got my meds. I'm lucky that concerta works so well for me. Too bad there's a national shortage in America. Im on something else that doesnt really work. There's a lot out there and I always see people give up right when they started. Adderall and Vyvanse seem to give people the most problems. Hope you try some new meds.
Hi axel is me Luis
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OyDyOweu-PA
That cow song is uhhh well uhh
I dont take my medicine because my brain just stops thinking and i can never sleep
why is your mic so loooooow
Where is this French cow video, I need to know. 🥹 Polish cow....
Have you tried strattera? It's an SNRI so it's helping with norepinephrine which helps with attention. It helped me but I got mad flop sweat like very U N C O M F O R T A B L E amounts of sweat over like... Standing up. So I tried Vyvanse and so long as I eat food FIRST that helps with the other like cardiovascular side effects of the Vyvanse. I feel ya hard on the making sure I'm doing the right task when the meds hit and working on my habits. Basically I started a ritual around the taking the meds so if I wanna do something stupid in the morning I do it first and wait to take the meds
I love this guy bro xd😭💀🤣
Ahh cypis lol
I take ritalin since I am a child and the medication itself brings struggles, so to the upside of medication there is a downside. I myself get paranoid
I took focalin until it made me paranoid and I started seeing shadow people so I quit
loved the mention of the heat death of the universe… that plagued me for at least two years.
4:44 both adderall and vyvanse are amphetamines. They don’t work the same way as meth you’d buy from the streets. However, there is an official drug that has methamphetamine as the stimulant, it’s called desoxyn but its uncommon for doctors to prescribe this particular adhd medication due to the stigma.
The important thing to remember (that I wish was more emphasized in this video) is that everybody has a different reaction to these medications. For some people one pill is the magic bullet that fixes all their problems, for other people that same pill causes more problems than it solves. It's a very personal journey of trying different options and seeing which is the best fit for you.  Also, the whole "adderall is meth and meth is scary" thing is a bad take perpetuated by america's fear campaign against drugs. Mind altering substances can be abused, but when prescribed by a medical professional they can be extremely powerful tools to improve your life.
Oh yeah, i've been meaning to get NordVPN the next time I saw a promo code.  Damn that really sucks about the medication though, in the same place of struggling to focus myself.  "don't forget to unsubscribe" heheh alright...  Oh hey NordVPN link!
What cow song
i think i have adhd i get easily distracted on other things
This is my favorite youtube channel right now !
"Oh your brain works a little different? Here. Take amphetamines. No no, no lifestyle changes. Only drug."
4:35 many adhd meds have an extended release, or ER version! i take 54mg concerta er, and actually took some non-er ritalin for a while in afternoons to see if it helped it's weird how it works, sometimes i can feel it helping and sometimes it does Nothing
I have adhd too and I agree that vyvance is kind of only helpful with focusing. With everything else it kind of just sucks. I think I got sick sometimes from it, but the one thing I remember is that I was forgetting to eat. It didn’t hurt, but I became sort of underweight. Not dangerously, but noticeable. I’m better now, and not taking vyvance anymore, but yeah, it can be helpful but it also has a lot of bad side effects.
I noticed you didn't mention much about exercise and diet. I have ADHD and my related doctors and peers both emphasized that getting good sleep and exercise, and eating well was super important. I take Concerta and notice it's less effective and even disruptive if I don't have a good routine in place—I've also been told by my doctors to just straight up not use it and go on a "drug holiday" if I don't need it. Best of luck and try to build good habits as you start/restart medicating.
If I've learned anything over the past few years it's that ADHD meds in too many cases are just a way to fuck your natural body chemistry over just so you can live in a bs capitalist society. Fuck capitalism. Fuck this society.
i have adhd and this is relatable tbh
There is no negative effects of stopping adhd meds at least the stimulant group ones, it might give u some withdrawal symptoms but not major these are not like ssris
Try not stimulant meds phycologist are more likely to give them they are not a addictive drug like Vyvanse or Adderall. They take longer to start working, like a few weeks to take full effect.  No one really knows about them but they turn out just as effective
This is one of few actually good ADHD videos I've seen on this platform
i got ritalin 30 mg normale is 10 mg me got more adhd than you got :)
I got lucky with getting ADHD meds. My sister was going through the process of finding the right meds for her when my mom one day realized that I might have ADHD too like my sister and father (later on we found out that pretty much everyone in my family had ADHD, lol). I think I either tried taking one of the pills my sister was currently using for one day or I went to my sister's 'doctor' (can't remember the actual name for medecine doctors) and ended up taking the same pills as my sister was taking at the time (15mg of Biphentin). I tried it and got absolutely excellent results with it, it was only 3-4 years later that I tried to up my dose because I didn't feel concentrated enough in class by 5 mg and it might have also been a different medication. From the moment I tried the new medication I lost all appetite and only regained it 2 weeks after I stopped taking the med which it didn't take long for me to stop taking it and to go back to my old medication. In high school I just decided by my own opinion to stop taking it (I can't swallow pills so I had to open the pill and put the pellets on a spoon of peanut butter. Now I gag at the sight and smell of peanut butter) and everything was fine. My mom didn't even notice I wasn't taking it until like the next year cause I didn't have much difference in my grades.
tylko jedno w glowie mam koksu piec gram odlecic sam w kraine zapomnienia tylko jedno tylkojedno tylko ty ty lko
I cold turkey’d my vyvanse a few years ago and just got back on them, the side affects can be nasty but I’ve started talking to my doctor about getting back on meds. I hope you find something that’ll help that isn’t Almost Meth™️
I don’t even know what to do anymore lol
My main problem with societies method of dealing with "adhd" is you need to stay on the meds or you'll have a reason to not "feel right". Pharma got you by the balls. Ten years pass and your "normal function pills" are now twice as expensive, good thing the pills keep you productive enough to pay the bills. A stroke at 40, what a great life it was. Concentrated. Just write down what you need to do, count down from five before your task to kickstart you into focus. People did this for generations before pills existed.  If you feel your brain is pulling you ten different ways, sit down and let it. Contemplate. Who knows, you might just realize your "adhd" brain is totally normal but its society which is so bonkers it keeps messing with your head as it keeps distracting you to avoid depression. Also stop using screens to fill this void. You need actual physical interaction with the world.  You can concentrate, just not in the way society wants. Sit in a chair and stare at a screen for eight hours typing words and numbers for money.  Your brain is screaming "this is senseless" and people wonder why the brain protests.  When I was ten I worked at a slaughterhouse like my father. Killing the cows left me feeling weak and sad so I ask the veteran anti-veterinarian how they dealt with it. They gave me a pill at the start of shift and suddenly I couldn't care less, feelings were put down. It even improved my hammer swing. When I became twelve I switched to a carpenters job for better pay and suddenly I didn't need the pills to get me through a work day. Who knew?
From  experience: meds help, but to make them work (to make yourself work) we need to apply working/ learning techniques. Pomodoro works great for me. Try it out.
You should try Ritalin if vyvance did not work and if yur looking for a different option
the thing about ADHD meds is that, in my opinion, they're not a silver bullet, they don't magically make you do stuff. They allow you to focus, but you still have to focus on the right thing. And when you've spent most your life not focusing, it's incredibly hard. Which is why - I believe - the meds should be combined therapy, such as cognitive behavioral therapy, in order for you to be able to focus and have the tools to focus on what you need to.  At least that's what worked for me. But then again, this will surely vary from person to person.
Its exacly the same thing i went through lmao
great timing on this, I got diagnosed a few weeks ago and going through the process of starting meds so its nice to know someone else is doing the same.
This video was so good I unsubscribed
I used to take meds, but I fell asleep in class.
Why is the volume on this video so low?
Its funny hearing my language in your video (polish cow)
I am taking Concerta 54 mg and because of it my days changed from (The Nightmare before christmas - What's This song wibes) to one day I learn about technical drawings and 3D-modelling to second day compare the difference between human and pig skin and 3rd day super focusing on learning LUA coding. But same time also not being able to understand or think anything else. All focus was on the thing I happened to be interested on that day. My bf said that I seem to forget things alot and I've noticed that it's really hard to acknowledge things happening outside of the focused content. It helps me to learn and do things but same time it's exhausting to have 110% focus from morning to the till next day on a thing that I happened to focus on (I even see dreams about the focused subject during night and if I wake up during night the first thing I think is the damn thing I was focused on during the day).  That drug is supposed to last 6-8 hours and I do feel the peak of the effect to be after 1 hour of taking it and lasts about 4-5 hours. But it feels like it does not end until next morning when I take the new pill and... What's this? Video about dinosaur poop? (proceeds to learn everything about dinosaur poop).
ah, so that's why it takes for ever you to make a video...
I’ve taken almost every drug for adhd
Where my ritalin bros at? But in all seriousness I stopped taking my adhd meds and got into the thc gummy’s they really do me wonders
This video is both useful and frustrating.  It’s useful because you have a great way of explaining the lenses and the impact on you.  However there’s a lens that’s coming up which can be a little counter productive.  ADHD Meds don’t give focus. They instead reduce the impact of the barriers which prevent a focus tunnel.  The key is to structure life around the tunnels. It sounds very odd, but when I moved from thinking about tasks and time… to thinking about tunnels and flow… my life got much easier.  A lot of social norms are based on the idea that folks are ‘polytropic’. Swapping between a task is a low cost, flow states are handy but not critical.  However a lot of folks are ‘monotropic’. We work best when we have a small number of things and we get into flowy attention tunnels.  This change of lens was massive for me. Rather than aiming to do a specific thing, instead I needed to aim to get into a tunnel in the right place and with the right structure that the thing I wanted to get done was the thing I flowed into.  This approach lets me work with my flow states rather than fighting to redirect them. Structuring life to work this way took a while, but since then things have been much smoother and I’m a lot happier.  The role of the ADHD meds became a way to help me tunnel in places where I otherwise couldn’t. They reduce the impact of the barriers in the environment.  I’d super recommend looking up ‘monotropism’. It’s not magic, but it’s a handy lens for seeing different ways to approach these parts of life.   (Ps: feel free to message me if ya fancy a natter about it. My site is http://jamieandlion.com and contact details are there)
as someone on vyvance my biggest issue is just constantly feeling confused and out of it it'll work for like, a peak period of 3 hours, drop off and leaving me feeling, confused and unable to focus on literally anything and while usually with unmedicated ADHD it's I need to be focusing on 5 things at once instead I get, i need to be focusing on five things at once, but focusing on even one of those things makes me overwhelmed. I loose the ability to multitask and forget a lot. and my hands never stop shaking. And I feel like I need to be constantly doing things and Being Productive even when I'm unable to focus on one task. I sweat even if it's cold. and any amount of heat makes me feel like i'm going to explode. The meds used to really work, like Really work, first day I took them, I could sit down and do math in class just like everyone else, hell, better then everyone else because I was smart AND focused. Also I could just! Do things! but then, around exam time, they just started being a distraction by themselves on account of the painful side effects getting suddenly worse and now, outside of the 3 hour window of bliss, i've lost a lot of weight from not eating, my sleep schedule is fucked, and the only thing they're good for is keeping me awake when i'd otherwise be exhausted due to the insomnia they somewhat caused. Oh and I guess fixing my social anxiety, I don't overthink as much, just do things.
This song slaps btw. Also, my ADHD experience with medication is, ritalin worked for 2 weeks then afterwards only gave me a altered heart rate without any benefits. Bupropion hydrochloride helped with the depression aspect, but still I don't "feel" any different, sometimes less depressed at least. In the end of the day I'm still treating myself, psychiatrists don't listen or help, they just up the dosage, and psychotherapy doesn't help when ultimately I'm the one who's treating myself, so why waste money if I'm already doing everything by myself.   TL:DR: Meds expensive don't work, therapist expensive, still have to treat myself by myself, so why waste money
A lot of the things you talk about are really relatable and remind me of my same issue
Dude the audio is too low
my meds work. when i take them ._.
ion wanna be that guy but medical marijuana has helped me extremely 👍
I mean you are still you after adhd meds I don't think there is a miracle drug that gets you to focus on the exact thing you wish to focus on. It's "normal" to have a thing that u wish to do but end up focusing on something  else for varied reasons. The meds point is to allow you to focus better. It's up to you to controll it I think
?? Is this just me or the sounds sound so ....little..? Im at my full volume and its still sound quiet
Adderall is a mix of d-amphetamine and l-amphetamine. Vyvanse and Dexedrine are just d-amphetamine, with Vyvanse having a version of the molecule that only activates after it passes through your liver. You didn’t try anything other than amphetamines, which your psyche should have realized. Try Concerta next. It’s more mild and tolerated better. Also, fun fact: Desoxyn is literally meth.  Source: I am a pharmacist
i take ritalin, i feel a mix of both issues   (aderall: physical tasks, vyvance: too much focus means i focus on the wrong things)  i feel like ritz is right in the middle of them, i know a friend that experienced those heart palpitations that you felt, but i haven’t had that (yet)   however when i do take the ritalin i definitely don’t feel like me, i feel alienated, it feels like the drug is trying to take over and ruin what makes me - me  the medication works, mostly, but every so often i feel like it’s taking the unique thing about me away, my personality
Me procrastinating RIGHT NOW watching this
I am on venvase and what i am doing is that besides taking the med, i am using some methods that I learned with my therapist to regain focus on what I really need. The combination of both have been really useful. I started taking med and doing these treatment with technics for adhd this year and my life is changed. I feel like a super hero and my super power is FOCUS. I love life
ever since 3rd grade ADHD has been a struggle to deal with, and I have been through many types of medications. The one I use now since the beginning of 7th grade is something called focalin. It helps with staying on task, but also allows me to be a social human instead of a workaholic robot. Not only that, I refused to eat when on previous medications because I was so focused on work. But focalin helped me get a good balance of focus and normalcy which has been a godsend in highschool. What I've done when im not on my meds is pretend that i am, maybe eat something that looks like a pill to get a routine in. Its normally a matter of routine that helps me get on track, and a predictable pattern could help focus just a bit better until you remember you didnt take your meds and get all scatterbrained.
i dont take meds bc my parents dont want me to, the only meds i take are for my epilepsy bc yea
This is such a perfect video, it really encapsulates the experiences I've had with ADHD and with medication.  I've been diagnosed since ~4th grade but we (my parents) suspected it long before that. I started on Concerta when I was formally diagnosed and took that until I graduated high school, but it had the same problem for me that Vyvanse had for you. I was plenty focused, but I was focused on things I shouldn't be. It didn't give me a choice. That, paired with some other negative symptoms like extreme changes in mood (read: sudden and very deep depressive spells) led me to eventually stop taking it. I felt that I wasn't struggling with ADHD anymore because I really only understood it to be what media portrays it as: fidgety hyperactivity. That wasn't my experience, so I thought I'd basically grown out of it.  Fast forward to two-ish years after undergrad and I became aware of the "ADHD iceberg". I started to realize that a huge majority of the issues I was struggling with in life were noted symptoms of ADHD. I'd managed to get an engineering degree off meds but could barely hold down a job, couldn't keep my house in order (literally and metaphorically), and was very forgetful.  I decided to get back on medication, specifically Adderall. And the change was night and day. My life was made immeasurably better by it almost overnight.  The last few months have been really hard because I started a job as an investment banker and the shortage of Adderall has made it impossible to get. I feel I'm barely scraping by, despite knowing I have the knowledge and ability to do my job when medicated. It looks like I might finally be able to get some delivered and I couldn't be happier about it.  I'm sorry the drugs haven't seemed to work for you, maybe it's a matter of trying another new thing. But for me I've had an incredibly good experience with medication and I'm stoked to (potentially) have access to it again.
ive been on concerta since i was 12, can say it works
I'm speaking as a person who has taken multiple ADHD meds- it's a complicated process. For a background, I'm a college student, who's been previously diagnosed with autism and anxiety, and only got the ADHD diagnosis after I started anxiety meds and realized I couldn't focus because I no longer had my severe anxiety pushing me to stress so much about getting my stuff done well/perfectly. Oopsies. So, I started with methylphenidate, which sort of did things? But the issue came when I was watching this TV show for my German class, and I got unreasonably angry with the main character's sense of... entitlement, I want to say? I texted this to my mom, who agreed that this was both unreasonable and out of my normal behavior. So, after talking to my psychiatrist, I stopped, and once I was back in my hometown, we switched to Adderall. It's been working better (I've been on it for about nine months by now), but it's still not perfect. I can do things better than I could without, yes, but I'm still very easily drawn off the path of doing important things, but at least my schoolwork gets done. I did have a scare back in October when I had extreme headaches to the point I had to take a trip to the ER (twice), and I still get them from time to time, but it hasn't gotten that bad since. Then again, my body's used to giving me weird stuff I just have to deal with. Scoliosis, extremely lacking muscle tone, low lung capacity (which is worse because I'm a singer...), general difficulty sleeping (I've taken melatonin as long as I can remember), all sorts of funky little things. Or maybe it's the meds meaning I forget to do things like eating. That's probably also a part. There's so many factors to worry about, and I don't know what's load bearing in my mental infrastructure.
When I took adhd meds, I feel like it almost made me lose my personality. I’d feel it like literally kick in and be able to do tasks but it was to the point it was HYPER FOCUSED, which is not really helpful. I felt robotic and when I’d feel it start to wear off I’d feel super groggy and boring just not my normal upbeat fun hyper self even to the point many people at school noticed. I haven’t taken it since and I’ve just been just fine😅I think
Concerta you can try it works for me
I’ve been taking Clonidine, it probably works
Adhd brains work different you gotta learn to work with your brain and if you manage to work with it (almost learn to multitask things) then having adhd can be an ability and youll complete several tasks at once while also being faster at them then others. Then again thats personal experience (personally using ritulin but can also work without meds just works better with them for me)
I def got adhd from the way u described all the stuffs and how it works, but I feel like meds will make my life spiral more out of control than it already is. I feel this way as my brother has been diagnosed with it and has had medication issues in the past. Rn im just trying to break down my bad habits and build up better ones through my own will, and so far its going ok, I just need to use my time more effectively to work around my attention deficits sometimes lmao
Dude i have the exact same gut feeling after i take Medikinet. Also concerta makes me focus on stuff and its not so hard on the body and mind, but i still cant exit the ”task loop”. Got any advice, guys? Should i try adderall?
I am surprised that you just stopped taking your meds instead of getting a medical explanation for what was going on.  just cuz you stopped taking meds and the thing went away does not necessarily mean the meds were causing the thing.  Also, considering there were SOOO many other drugs that you listed at the start of the video, why not try one of those until you find the one that works best for you.  I say this as someone who went Adderall to Vyvanse due to the shortage but desperately wants to go back or significantly increase my Vyvanse dosage cuz it just isn't working that well.  I also have the coin-flip productivity days whereas the Adderall was more like a loaded dice that rolled productivity moreso than not
I’m on straterra. It’s a non stimulant. And getting upped to 60 was something. It was like the worst adhd symptoms then it relaxed and I felt a click of being able to do stuff. Little bits but much better than what it was. I was on guanfacine for a while and dear god the brain fog was awful. I have heart issues so they are trying to avoid the stimulants. Still trying to find the best combo. I was on adder all a few years ago but it didn’t do much :(
Omg the adhd is me, i call it squirrel-brain.
As someone who knows someone who used to use Vyvanse, I highly recommend NOT to go down that route.  I dont know how I feel about this vid tbh
I have depression and GAD and I’ve tried SO MANY medications and still haven’t found like, the one ✨ The one I’m currently on is very helpful, but I still get this weird “head fog” feeling in social situations. But it also gets me pumped up and makes me face my social fears. So it’s cool for now. :)
I used concerta 25 mg ... Am i worse?!
I've been on the maximum dosage of Vyvanse for over a decade, as a working adult in a boring computer science field, and based on how you have described it, I question whether or not you have ADHD or if it's worth treating; overall, what you are describing is a lack of mental discipline. The medication was never going to force you into doing meaningful, productive work; that part was always up to you, especially when you were medicated. And the fact that the behavioral problems you are experiencing magically disappear between physical and mental tasks is another sign - there are no "do meaningful, purposeful work" pills, and if the difference between medicated and unmedicated is hardly observable or worth it or it fades over time, I think you should really question whether or not you have ADHD/ADD or if it's worth treating.
I've never related to something more
0:28 JUSTICE FOR COMPY
i have ADHD and i take medifacatonizm and it works for me, try it with music, persinally i listen to Linkin Park
This is the most relatable video I’ve seen in a long time, I got diagnosed with ADHD at a very young age and was on vyvance for a long time. But I started feeling spacey and drone like so I quit taking my meds. I really enjoyed hearing about your experience:D
bro the meth thing just cuz their related doesn’t mean it has the same affect 😭you’re not taking meth if adderall is compared to vyvanse and concerta
I think I might have adhd
i feel like i have adhd, but i don't wanna take meds bc it makes me feel like im not me
My meds don’t even work for me anymore
1:22 kurzgesagt can help with that question
I use Focalin
I've recently started concerta (71mg) and for the past two months have been feeling good and willing to actually do stuff, it keeps me motivated and happy...sometimes I overstimulate and can't sleep for days. Anybody else taking this medication that has any suggestions or knows of an alternative this isn't so fckn expensive? Yeah it cured my depression and helps me focus at work, but my wallet is sad.
Informative, educational, and hilariously entertaining--- Ice Cream Sandwich. Thanks for sharing your experience with this, and I hope everything works out well for you. ❤️
Well damn! This video came at the perfect time. Got diagnosed and started non stimulants a year ago and just switched psychiatrists since I moved, and I think I ought to bring up different meds as a try. I always thought every med did the same thing with the exception of non stimulant vs stimulant, and I never thought some of the things I might be experiencing could be due to the meds. I also did the big bad mistake of just… stopping my meds. I was feeling off and like my mood was uncontrollable and wild and like they weren’t working, so I went on and off a few days before cutting it off entirely for about 2 weeks. Learned the hard way that I definitely needed them, and that the reason I was feeling that way was *because* I wasn’t taking them regularly. My parents gave me a good stern talk afterwards lol.   ADHD has only been something I’ve been able to even *begin* understanding and working with as of late. Before I was addled with depression and severe body dysphoria, as well as difficulties eating. So while I’ve been medicated a lot longer, it’s only just now that those issues have subsided to the point where I can actually start using my meds as what they were meant for, a tool, not a solution. And boy is it hard.  Really thankful for your videos man, your animations are the only thing that put a smile on my face without fail. Good luck on your ADHD journey!
Я понимаю что в подобной стране как Америка - услуги квалифицированных специалистов стоят очень дорого, но это просто глупый бред закидывать людей сильными наркотиками и смотреть, что из этого выйдет. Лечение должно быть поэтапным и совмещать несколько терапий, не только медикаментозную. Если не научиться контролировать свой разум без лекарств - будут рецидивы заболевания, иногда очень тяжёлые. Просто Учишь Делать Вещи! Пиши напоминания, веди дневник, составляй расписание, следуй графику и времени, выделяй задаче время, находи способы развлекать себя не отвлекаясь от задачи, разбивай работу на этапы.
Ay, have you tried Modafinil?
oh so im adhd because im being me dumbass
Yeah vyvance works well but, lord the crash, and you focus on the distraction.
What does it sound like to play 8 trumpets randomly at the same time? Band practice.
Yeah adhd meds go good then tend to turn south rather fast
And I'm out here just taking a shit-ton of Ritalin. That and SSRI's. Than again I also have Autism, and Clinical Depression, and Anxiety disorder, and OCD...   I feel the increased heartrate, however I was extremely active growing up, like, hardcore competitive sport, of many different kinds, tennis, swimming, football, athletics, marathons, sprinting, basketball, etc etc. So my cardiovascular system is somewhat overdeveloped, because of the heavy exercise during cardiovascular system development. Works for me.
Before i watch this video, I also have ADHD and when i started taking pills it didnt work at all and only gave me Tourette's for the rest of my life
YOO BOTH MY ADHD MEDS ARE NAMED IN THIS THA- wait i need to take them brb
I recommend watching How to ADHD, the YouTube channel
Medication is not a cure all. You have to combine the correct one for you with therapy, and hope that works.  If Adderall helped but not on the right tasks, therapy can help that so you focus on the correct tasks with Adderall, as an example.  Also old habits are hard to change. Even with medication, your still mentally used to your old ways and it takes time to change.
We need the video of the cow…. WHERE IS IT
For my ADHD med experience, its similar to the Vivance thing, my med is similar as in, it allows me to focus, but I need to take the medication like a tool rather than a cure since I need to prep the task, take med then do it.   In the end while I still take the medication, I have developed habits to counter my ADHD passively.
Dude the little anime crossing sound effects where so cute 🥺 I replayed the video just to hear them again
I’ve got ADHD and Autism, not medicated for either, and it takes soooo much energy just to do the simplest tasks. 🥲
I wanna watch the cow dancing
I have adhd and I use to take meds, but they made me feel all- wrong. The only way I can describe it is like- blocking a stream? All the thoughts and ideas and turmoil were still there, I just couldn’t reach for them like I normally would. Sometimes the stream overflowed and it made me super over emotional and angry. While it did help with focus, it made me feel like a watermelon that someone was slowly adding more rubber bands to. Needless to say, meds didn’t work for me personally. I don’t take any meds now, and it’s…. I manage. I will say that was the only kind of medicine I ever took for it, so if I had tried another type things could have been different, but as of now I don’t feel the need.
0:02 days after this class
U too😊
As a fellow ADHD person It definitely is a rollercoaster trying to figure out the meds that work the best. The one's I take now are amazing. I don't really like talking about it much, but I have tourettes as well and adderall effected my tics in a bad way. Even the lowest dosage made them more frequent and violent. My doctor thought it might of been the stimulant in it so I take Atomoxetine which doesn't have the stimulant and has been working so far. I can actually accomplish what I need to during the day lol.
Im literally on my phone while watching this.
My adhd makes me able to focus only on things i find fun, my work can be fun and when it is i can be extremely productive, when it's not fun I'm about as productive as a intern on their first week
True true merps
This is off topic, but does anyone know the song from the beginning with the cow on the laptop screen?🎵
O used vivance but if you don’t eat it food and you throw the pill back up
This is so relatable, I started on meds recently and it's been strange adjusting but I think it helps
I had somewhat of a wild ride with my meds. As a kid it kept me calm and allowed me to actually grasp what’s going on at the moment, so it was pretty helpful. But now if I try to take it, it just makes my skin crawl my eyes dart around anxiously and less aware more forced anxiousness to make me more aware. Sadly now that my brain was more developed it doesn’t work. Now, instead of taking medication for it I actually managed to wrangle it myself and even turn it into a straight up superpower pretty much. So you know how you’ll get an insane amount of ideas in a short amount of time? Well basically all I did was slowly make myself realize the situation, I started to realize what was going on when it was going on. And I like the interpretation you made with the several people talking at once inside your brain, and basically all I did was when the situation was happening (again I had to actively try to be aware about it) I’d basically force my brain to go silent, then head out one idea by focusing on one specific thing in the clutter if that makes any sense. And soon I trained my brain to be able to understand the whole thing and now I am able to double task without a sweat and able to create college level essays in a matter of minutes. I simply need to be in the right headspace and focus my attention toward one thing and doing it enough is basically training your brain to take advantage of it. So yeah you basically have a superpower, you just have to harness it. I hope this helps man.
i love ur vids can you do a q&a??? 😊😊😊
Don't be an idiot and take it for years on end. It can leave you with a chemical imbalance. And you may end up worse than when you started.
Oh no, partway through this I remembered I forgot to take my own meds and I’m on Vyvanse btw but ach that is a no good situation.
Personally, they wont work in the way you want them to unless you have a plan/structure outside of the meds, else end up cleaning the house or endless internet research spiral.
When I was a kid they started me on adderall I don't remember it much the one thing that stands out is my teachers said it gave me: "irritable and violent tendencies" so I obviously had to stop that, concerta was next and my parents said it was like I was a zombie, I wouldnt talk id just sit in my room "in a void" my mom called it. We finally landed on stratera and I took that for like 11 years. Didnt know it was an appetite surpressant so I was underweight pretty much my entire life. I learned what it was doing to me as an adult and quit cold turkey havent been medicated since. Sometimes I think about trying it again until I hear videos like this and it just reminds me why I quit in the first place. I hope you have better luck then I did!
I'm not sure if Sandwich realizes the dancing cow song is about drug addiction 💀💀💀 an interesting choice (or coincidence) for a video about medication  Edit because there's always gonna be that one person (or group of people): those with ADHD taking their prescribed medication in proper doses do not get "high" like those without ADHD would with the same dose (because ADHD is marked by lower dopamine levels at baseline than the neurotypical population, which creates the various symptoms of executive dysfunction).
0:30
i stopped taking vyvanse like 3 months ago (cold turkey as you should not do) and still can't eat right
Oh man you described ADHD brain perfectly. That sucks that you had a bad medication experience, I wonder if maybe lower dosages, might help? Because everyone metabolizes the medication in their body differently. This is anecdotal but I've noticed a lot of my male friends/ppl I know have negative experiences with meds compared to female ADHDers, which is interesting to me. I hope you find some strategies or meds that help with the mental focus struggles. Though even knowing you have ADHD is super helpful, I've found, because now you at least understand WHY your brain is choosing to play trumpets at the same time instead of doing the thing. My executive function is the thing I struggle with the most, the first time I took meds, I was really nervous that I'd be 'high' or weird but I just sat down and just... wrote a shopping list. Without having to stand in front of the pantry and fridge, I could just - remember - what was in them. After I did that I cried, thinking 'is this how easy it is for 'normal' people? They just... Write the shopping list?!'  We play life on hard difficulty, going through it with an ADHD brain. Thanks for these vids, they're spot on.
Vyvanse made me sick. Literally. I didn't get that out of breath feeling but I more less couldn't stand the smell of food anymore. It was nuts, I took it for ADHD but one day when I was cooking, steam wafted up into my nose and I instantly had to throw up. It smelt wonderful, don't get me wrong but my body just wasn't having it. I threw up that day and it ruined my whole meal.
I have this experience too. Medication can help, but doesn't solve anything. That's always your part. The end of the day it's all self control.
im currently ADHDing as im supposed to me making art :)
Bro I have adhd
Yep so youtube recommended this video to me and I have suspected I have ADHD for a while (the number of times my partner has to repeat what he said bc I didn't hear it even though I am responding and answering questions and then I am like "wait what did you say" and he's like "we've been talking for like 4 whole minutes already" and I'm like（¿・―・?）) SO ANYWAY GONNA GO SEE BOUT THAT DIAGNOSIS NOW THANKS
What sucks is that my ADHD is mild enough that medication is unnecessary, but there enough that it routinely fucks me up
We live in such a medicalize society. Honestly being responsible for your life and putting in work to improve your focus rather than just taking pilling is the best solution.
whats the cow song name i like
I had to try three different medications before landing on Vyvanse. Vyvanse feels fine for me, but Adderall and Medidate (sp?) made me feel crazy. Intriguingly, my friend (who also has adhd) did best on Adderall out of the three. Medidate gave me the “marathon breath”, like what you experienced. Biochemistry is nutty, man. It VARIES.  One thing that cannot be cured with adhd tho is accountability and routine. The medication makes tasks easier, but you MUST will yourself through the occasional MEH periods/energy lows. Aka “I feel like shit but I’m gonna go through the car wash and I’m going to get some groceries, dammit,” or, “ok I hate this but it’s ONLY 15 minutes.” Reverse psychology your ass. You already do these thought patterns when you’re running late. The “just one more thing,” thing.  Also, those moods can be resolved by exercise (or a can of Coca Cola, in my case, bc caffeine)   There’s also the classic, start with something small, like wiping off a counter top. Or reward, like placing something to look forward to later, after the grunt crap is done. For me, this is dessert. Or a game I wanna play very badly. Or perhaps some MJ.   On that topic—sometimes, AFTER WORK, I may indulge in a low dose MJ, which gets my good vibes going and then I’ll hyper focus on the “doing” tasks, like cleaning.  TO CLOSE: in my experience, you will never cure” adhd, only manage it. Release the idea of perfectionism. Some days are gonna be hella productive. Others won’t. Meds still make those productive days possible, which I will take over having NONE. My rule is, I know I’m gonna fall off that horse, but I’m not gonna fall off that horse for long.   HELPFUL THINGS: timers bc time blindness is fucking REAL/ (Also using the pomo doro method with these timers),  occasional bullet journaling, telling others my plans (so I’m motivated to do them before I see them again), regularly working out (improves and regulates mood/how alert I feel), water, etc.  Something I’m considering : “ body doubling “ or…webcam work buddies. It’s going live with other distractible peeps quietly doing their jobs… like on tiktok? There may already be a live channel for this, but I think it’s kinda cool. It’s like the person you gym with to keep each other accountable.  SO! Good luck dude, and thanks for reading this essay of response.
1:24 reminds me of the episode double dipper
does anyone else have the problem where their meds make them stupid sweaty
5:14 these eatables ain't shi-
As someone with ADHD, When I talking to someone i need to plan what I am going to tell them in an order but i just forget mid way through the conversation anyways.😅
I took adderall from 2nd grade to 6th and vivance from 7th grade to this day.  Adderall made me feel hollow and killed my appetite Vyvanse doesn’t completely suppress my personality but it does still suppress my appetite a little bit.  I highly recommend Vyvanse over adderall based on personal experience. Also a thing I started doing that has been beneficial for me was not taking it everyday. When I’m not going to classes and don’t have to get anything done or go anywhere I don’t take it.
You didn't know you have ADHD? 😂 dude I can tell just by your videos 😅 but I also got the non-hyper version of ADHD... A lot of people I know got good experience with Elvanse... I felt kind of stressed when I took other ADHD medication 🤔
I take concerta and it almost helps perfectly. If I have a lot (as in recently increased the dose), or if I'm drowning in caffeine, I over focus, in your vivance way, but after around 2-6 days of that, I can focus normally... for like a month, then that normal-person focus starts to wane earlier, then earlier and earlier until its gone before lunch. Which is not the idea w/ concerta.   If vivance caused you to focus too hard, maybe try ritalin/concerta! If you're down to keep trying, that is.... It is still methylphenidate, but its just engineered a bit different iirc. Do your own research tho! Don't trust me, I'm not even an adult lol
my mom told me a was adhd tested as a kid but after doing some research i’ve noticed that i have a lot of the symptoms.  I’m a first year in uni and I was a relatively high achiever growing up, but now i feel as if my lack of focus is catching up to me.  any tips? should i see a psych?
i fear skipping the sponsor segment
I do like a slow burn of lixdexamfetamine, However it does make your heart rate race, like you said I got headaches and a few heart race scares. At the level where Lixdecamfetamine works perfectly is not worth it. Because who can work on a headache anyway.  I did lower my dosage substancially, I´m not perfectly happy about it, and I´m allowed to take 2 day breaks, I´m now on it 4 days a week and the dose helps me at least to be aware what my real tasks are and I´ve actually started using planers, whom I before always just forget existed, especially when I actually needed them.  I don´t think a perfect med outthere exists, but aslong as its an improvement.  ooh and the first hour after taking them feels just like Pms, like really irritated for some reason, it might be the adrenaline, kicking in like a highschool bully, I dont feel irritated on my off days. Witch is also why I have off days, breaks are fun and so is a glas of wine.
Make more brain, he funny :)
as an adhder who has tried multiple meds, i would suggest trying a variety before giving up on them completely. in a world not ruled by end stage capitalism, our natural tendencies might be valued and supported for the awesomeness that they are. in the hellscape we actually live in, a lot of us NEED meds.  also adderall is not meth okay??? I'm so sick of hearing that. it's a way less powerful drug and impacts the brain less directly. meth is called meth bc the drug is METHAMPHETAMINE not DEXTROAMPHETAMINE (adderall)
Concerta has helped me with focus but I do still get distracted and there's still a constant 10s music loop in my head. But the med has also helped me with sensory or time related anxiety, i don't get exhausted by noises or schedules anymore.
The irony here is me getting distracted by a bird sitting outside my window… while watching a video about adhd
i feel like iv never actually payed attention to the whole focusing-on-what thing, ima try to take notes
And when you are a daredevil and have ADHD it hurts the soul
I have the same thing as him
My laziness and adhd have a lot of things in common 😂
I have ADHD
Hey, I was watching that... 😔
i still dont have the ability to do
I am ADHD (99% attention deficit, no hyperactivity) and used to be on Rubifen and Concerta, rubifen was useless, and concerta worked, but made me feel .... empty ? void of tought and emotion, i felt just meh, not sad, not happy, just meh. I stopped taking meds years ago and I have been good... I think ? I mean, i procrastinate a lot, i lack willpower to do stuff i need to but im happy, so good i guess ?
I remmember me being a rebel against my meds dear god
I have diagnosed severe ADHD and none of the meds worked for me. The Stims all made me aggressively anxious and the non Stims did nothing at all. Existence is pain.
It's also easier for the voices to take control over you
to any coder out there... HAVE FUN WITH THIS! :D  go_on = ("")   if go_on == "yes":   print("Great! Here it is.")  elif go_on == "no":   print("ok. bye. :(")   quit()   choices = ["yes","no"] else:  name=[]  go_on="yes"  while go_on == "yes":   print(" d̷̹̋̅̿̊͊͋̕ͅã̴̛̻̣̩̦̩̪͂̈́́͒͊̾̉̚ȑ̸̠̫̯̪̮̼͕͓͐k̵̼̻̙̘̠̬͂̿̃̒ę̷̺̤̱̩̤̭̞̌́̑͛̂͒͊͝r̷̢͈̫͇̝̻̣̦̭̔̈͌͂̎͐̈͐͌͌͜ ̴̲͉̤̬̚̕ͅy̷͖͓̔̐ę̵̢̭̱̦͉͗̾̈́̈̄͂͂͠͝͝t̷̨͋̑ ̵͖̋̉͐͝d̴̡̼̞͍̣̮̦̅̋̉̎͐͒̾a̴̧̪͈͎̳̐̐͑̑̑̐̏͜ͅṟ̸̨̦̓̈̈́̽̌͒̌̇̕̚k̷̡̮͙͖͎̹̩̭̀͌̄̽̽̅̕e̴̢̲̫̱͍̩̮̜̓̈́̂́͌̅́͌̈́̅r̴̯̆͌̚,̴̬̯͎̩͎́̓̊̓̈́̈́̈́͜ͅ ̵̫͕̗͉̝̜̖̭̝̊͗t̷̮͖͇̾̂̽̄͗̀͝h̸̼̠͇̱͕̺͇̄͐͊̇̒̈́̊ȩ̶̧̻̰̯̝͎̲̩͛̏̾̈̐̌͌̈̍ͅ ̴̧̧̟̠̪̯̙̊͋͆̔͜ḑ̷͇̗̗͙̫̊̈͝ͅa̷̟̫̲̖̅̆̉̄͊̉̈ř̷͕̃͗k̷̢͚̬̹̺̲͌́͋̏̈́n̸̨̢̢̡̯̖̮͇̠̮̂ȩ̸̛̺̮̗́͐̐̈̓̂s̷̨͓̟̖̜̪̼͇̺̀̈́̈́̈́͐̓͋̋̉š̶̢̭̘̟̖͕̻̗̺͔͆͐̍͑͑͊̌͘ ̴̢̛̜̬̦̇̿̌͋͆̕͘k̵̛̛̠͖͍͑e̴͚̐̆̿̒̌̍̈́e̶̗͈͔̼̘̊̿̔̚p̵̨̹̭̱͒̌̈͘ş̵̹͕̀̎̌̕̕ ̵̮̳̹̝̬̝̣͓͍͐͛̂̉̒̈́͠g̷̢͉̗͉͉͋̌́͂͊̿͑͋͘͠r̴̛̦̗̥̞̤̗̟̳͛̔̍o̶̧̼̻̜̠͕͔̠͕̐̌̋͛w̴͕͔̫̠̽̓̅i̸̧̟͕̣̠̖̰̍̒̕͜ņ̵̡̖̠͍̱̘̟̗̓g̴̛̠̱̗̃̂̊̎̄̃͘,̸̡̢͙̦̯̇̇̄ ̸̧͔͙̮̤̗̰̘̥͂͌ş̵̪̬̉̃h̶͕̯̠̒͛͘ä̴̫͉͓̝́̓̎̏d̸͕̦͖̰̰̘̱͖̞̄͋͑̐͋̑ͅo̸̡̥͈͙̝͔̯͓͔͂̏͋̏͘͝w̶̜͈͓͓̟̟̜̽̌̌̅͛s̸̨͇͍͕͛͒̊̈́̇̃͝ ̷̖̃̄͊c̴̳̻͈̼̰̝͇̞̲͊̃̍u̵̗̟͈̹͝t̵̮͗͋̽t̵̨̡̹̳̤̟̣̗͕̆̎̆̕ͅȉ̶̢̨̱̭̲̺̠̬̘n̵̺͎̖͍͉̪͕̓͆̎̕ǵ̶̘̝̒̇͛̊͆ ̴͙̳̱͍̗̹̙̖̼͒̐̾͝ͅď̶̨̬͍̠̬͖͙̬̏̽̌̊͗͆̕̚e̴̪̱̩͓̮̟̹̬̰̻̎̽̋̄͆̚ẽ̶̢̖̝̥̘̈́́͂̀̏̐̋̕͠p̵͈̬̗̥̞̮̪̼̟̣̋̅ẹ̶͖͈̘́ŗ̸͓̭̘̣̎̓,̴̰̤̮͚͚̊̎̅̏̆ ̶̹̓̌͊́͂p̶̫̬̰̦̏̋͝h̶̢̞̥̦̙̼͕̫̒̓ọ̵̫̓͌̉̇̾̐̑͘͝ṭ̴̗̼̭̭̜͇̆̾̈́͝ǒ̵̟̮̭͈̺̼̻̈́̈́̋̑͝ṋ̷̉ ̶̖̙͈̞͖͔̩̏̃̉͑̐͒͛̽r̶̡̨̘̲̭̲̠̻̪̩̋́̈́ę̶̢͖̫͚̆a̶͍̠̓͐̅̕d̵̘͉̦́͑̌ͅį̴̧̛̱̗̙̥̪̹̆́͌͊̊̄͗̏ņ̵̛̞̪̹̜̱͒͂̎͋̅͘g̵̛̯̭̯̯̋̀͠ ̶̧̛̛͉̝̮̖̱̄̂̎͆̃̏͆̕ͅn̴̢̛̻̫̮̖̖̦̈́͛̈̓̇̔̆͘͘͜ê̵̛̫̟̜̳͈͍̬͓̊̀̀͌̔͝͝ͅg̷̝̈́̔̒̆̈a̵̲̮̳͇̜̎̀͗t̵̨̛̫̱͕͉̪̣̎̽́̿͘̕͜į̷̹̝͖̝̤̣͈͕̏̓̐̎͌̎͝v̶̨̨̨̹̝̹̀̈ḙ̶̥͇͙̜̬̪͙͊̽̅̐̉̋̍̍ͅ,̸͇͓͐̽̊̿͝ͅ ̶̢̨̛̺̦̬͇̐t̶͉̜̙̦̼̝̆̇ĥ̶̰̘̙̭͎̪̗̹̍́̆͛́͐̄̚͜ͅí̷̡̛̜̖͉̈́͆̑̓̆̋̕͠ṣ̷̛̼͍͔̭͕̣͂̎͋̑̄̍͒̕͜ ̷̺̦̖͆͋̂̕n̷͕̱͚̲͐̀e̸̛̘̗͍̭͈͓x̸̢̧̟͙͗ṫ̴̞͚̘̙̩̭̓͝ ̸̦͉̳͈̹͎̘̀̾̊͌̽̒̈́̒̕͘ḙ̴̢̤̋̽͊̓̂̐̂̐̈́͝ͅx̴͕̬̠̣̠͛̑̿͛p̶̢̤̩̘͎̜̙̥̯̅ȩ̸͈̻̯͕̼͊̏͂͛r̸̭͂̏̃̈͊͝į̵̱̙̮̩̭͉̥̲̻̀̍͗̊̎̐̈́͘̕m̴̧̭̱̩̘̟̞̥͐̈́̊͆͝e̵̢͎̯͙̮̙̣͙̒̃̈́n̵̜͈̝͖͔̰̭̲̈́̈́͐̄̐̆̒̀̿͠ţ̸̫̥̺̳̞̲̟̺̄͐̐̓̃̓̐̕͝͠ ̶̧̛̖͇̤͎͚͔͋̈́͑̾͝ṣ̶̢̤̜̙͖̦̙̱̟̍͐̄̋̽͊ę̷̘͉̯͓̣̑̓̀͌̈̃̒̇͐͠e̶̼̜̪̺̱̬͙̯͔̗͗̈́̀́͛͆m̵̛͖̙͙̮̮͓̠̖͂̏̊̒̓̋̕̕s̶̜̉,̸̡͖͖̥̠̟̲̦̈́ ̴̯̮̪̦̜̓̾̈́̿̒̀̚͝͠ͅv̷̛͍͔̻̹̹̗̰̆̑̉̾̀̈́̔̑ͅe̵̢̧̨̨̠͍̯̯̱͈̅̃̍̿̊̕r̴̩͕̀͒̃̃̔y̴̦̹͛̐͒,̸̡̩̬̬̥͕̩̆̅̑̀͘̚ ̸͔͂̃̽̓̃͒̇̕v̷̦͓̞̯̝̮̤͋́̌͘e̷̢̛̬̳̫̪͈̪͉ͅr̴̡͍͕̫͉̳̬͚͉̆͊̂̊y̷̧̯̹̹͑̏̃,̷̨̛̛̣̭̖͖͌͆́̍̃ ̴͚́i̷̡̘̭̼͚̠͐̓͂͂͑̅̊̈́̕n̴͔̘͈̗̑̒̈́̑͠t̴̨̩̹͙̲͓̠̎̍̅́̔̈̕e̸̱̳̤͍̅́̽̎̋̚͘ȑ̸̝͂̒͋͌͒͆́̎̌e̵͇̠͇̰̿̈́̓s̸̺̿̓̓̈́͛̍̄͛̌͐ẗ̷̨̲̘̟̺̽ḯ̸̱͕̟̲͉̤͕̗͑͑̕͘͜n̵̗̑̒̔̑̐͘ǵ̴̦͈͙̪̀̿̅̽̒,̶̧̡̻̠̠͊̋̑̈̓̇̈́̀̕͝ ̵͙̱̗͇͈͇͚͆͋͋̀̍͜͠w̷̢̱͙̠̭̬͔͚̓̆͋̅̈́͂̚͝͠h̸̨̠̖͈̭̟̝̭͚̰̽̽̄̉̎͆̏͆a̸͉̯̣͈͋̿t̵̛̻̻̱̻͈́̾̈́̓̄͌̄́̓ ̷̮͉̪̱͕̈̈́͐̀͋ḍ̸̛̆͑̐̓̆o̵̢̩̟̍̎͜ ̸̧̢̡̲͕̯͓̰͉̃̀̂̚ͅẙ̶̨̘͕̳͓̟̭̇̀͗̏̎͠o̴̱͉̥̰̯̔̀̅͆͑̌͑̇͜͝͠ṵ̸̧͇̲̥̝͛̿̎̋̚ͅ ̶̡̛̪̖͙̲̙̀̏̚͘͝ţ̴̥̰̭̘̯͈́o̸͙̚̕ ̷̡̨͐͂̌̍̚͝t̷̮̙͚̻̙̰͚̿͘͜͠h̸̭̠̤̖̹͓̺̗͖̥͌̏̒̀̑̐͐i̸̧̡͎̥̜̫̬̭̱͛̀́̀͊̓͝n̵̢̼̤͚̻̦͍̫͖̾̓͆͆̅̈́́̿͝k̷̡̟̻̱̫̖̼͕͕̰̆?̷̛͉̘̼̣͚̈͑͛̀͗̾̊̓̓ ")   print(" W̷̳̲̩̖̙͉̎̐.̸̨̧̰́̇ ̴̧̢̬͇̩̞͔̥̞̗̐̐͑̓D̵̡̛̗͉̯͌̉́̈̀̾͜͠.̴̝̬̱͍͊̈́͐̈́͒ ̴̹̎̌͗̿̏͘G̶̡̛̛̥̠̱̲͇͖͕͗̋̈́̄̌͌̓a̶̜̻̖̰̮̅̒͗̒̇͗͝s̶̠͛̈́̒̌̑̓̾t̵͓̪̯̹̀̀̿̈́̇̋̈͝ē̷̝͉̗̖͘r̵̛͉̦̬̪͉̖̜̅͗̄̇̽͝ ")
I took medication for adhd for 5-6 years thankfully I’ve been off for awhile now but it completely altered my personality I went from an open talkative kid who loved being outdoors and conversations with people but nowadays I’m very quiet very reserved and I much prefer sitting in my dark room alone
I'm not ADHD, but my mind is exactly how he described it, and it is fairly worrying how accurate it was.
So... anyone watch about 15sec them go watch the cow song?
Please stop spreading the harmful myth that ADHD meds are Meth. Tell this to your friend, too.  Most of them are Amphetamines, which *sounds* a lot like Methamphetamine, but it's missing the very important Methyl group that makes it Methampethamine - and if you know anything about chemistry, just a *few* fun little atoms can make a *really* big difference.
Some of you that meds don't work for or have bad side-effects want to look into Autism next. Unmasking Autism is a great (Audio)book to get started, as is the Autism subreddit
You’ll find the right one! Keep trying!
I'm mexican so the meds i take are slightly different, tbh they work great for me! it really can be all about getting better habits and building dicipline when it comes to that, one brand that we have in common that I only hear good things about is Concerta ! i take the off-brand version, same formula just weaker, cause im quite poor haha, but the formula concerta uses is pretty great imo! Totally recommend :) helps witch focus and tasks! of course, also practice using that focus on things that are important, i have been taking meds for two years but still tend to get that epic focus power wasted on other things cause i just like those things better than working haha. but its all about habit building !! good luck! :D
I'm on focalin and I don't really hear people talk about it as much
This is a really great video, but the 'adderall is just meth' thing is one of my biggest pet peeves when it comes to ADHD medication. Yes, pharmeceutically, that's completely correct, however why is it that we condemn a drug that can help people like this? We don't morally judge people for taking opiod painkillers for being 'heroin addicts,' and adderall can be a really useful drug when properly prescribed and taken.
The way you explained it is making me start to think I might possibly have adhd
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia  W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz  Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia  W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz
Just going to throw out there that Adderall is not like meth. Saying they are alike because they seem chemically similar is like saying H20 and H202 are similar because H202 just has one more oxygen atom. (h202 will kill you)
Make sure y'all remember, regardless of if you medicate adhd or not, remember that all adhd medications are NOT meant to be taken for a lifetime, and if you do take them for a lifetime they have horrible health defects. The point of adhd medication is to teach you how to live properly, not to make it happen, they're not antidepressants, they're stimulants. And the reason why I argue to just not medicate at all is because like this guy, you may end up back at square one and you still have to learn to live without medication anyway, (though now you have a hole in your pocket from the expensive medications) and on the worse end you may become chemically addicted to it and suddenly you "go crazy without your adhd medicine" when your adhd was never that bad before, as I experienced. And the issue with talking with your doctor when you're having problems with medication is that THEY NEVER EVER recommend you to stop taking the meds even when the meds are CLEARLY the problem, why? Because they can give you something else to get you to go away for a few weeks and they get more kickback for every prescription you fill. Currently adhd is both overmedicated, and most people find more success in treating it nonmedicinally. If you need adhd meds to function that's fine but for most people its just not the way to go!
I take ADHD meds too, they seem to work for me. If you haven't taken these maybe try? Aripiprazole, clonidine, and methylphenidate. Actually, I take (I think, don't test this) In the morning a whole methylphenidate and whole aripiprazole, then at night half methylphenidate and half clonidine Up to you and your doctor
I have adhd autism and about ten other problems but all of them high functioning so im not dumb im just me a normsl but not normal person
I was on vyvanse and ended up in the ICU (for an unrelated reason). They have to do the whole urine test as part of my vitals. A while later a doctor or nurse walks in (can't remember which) and says "let's talk about your meth habit" and I was like "my what now?! Check my chart, it should say I take vyvanse which is an emphatamine"  THAT was fun
I'm 4 minutes in and you haven't mentioned doctors ONCE!   Did you just choose for yourself the medication and ammount?????
ADHD is forgetting you watched the previous video, so you go back to see you did and watch it again to laugh even more going into this.
I skiped the sponsor dont kill me but you said nordVPN also blocks me:skip 10 sec. you:your computer and i was like wait nordVPN blocks your computer😂
Ritalin helps me so much so to do work for university and I'm thankful for that. But I also wish I could do those things without medication. Luckily I only have to take it when I study for an exam. I learned to do the other chores without it. Just slower than others.
My ADHD meds started at 10mg. Methylphenidate. I'm now up to 40mg. Don't notice anything being different. Thankfully I've found some coping things for it to help. Such as seeking my phone and earbuds into my welding lab, so I actually stay in my booth. I also forget to eat, repeatedly. Would get hungry, but instead of getting up and making food, I just say I'll do it later. Spoiler: I never do it.
Relatable
I have adhd and I was undiagnosed for soo long. I managed to finish school and soon after that got my diagnosis. School would have been so much easier if I knew sooner that I wasn't just lazy. My brain just go brrrr most of the time
i took adhd meds until i was in like middle school, becuase for about 6 months i didn't need them and they made me feel like crap but now i have way better control. i took vivance and now i don't but the rest of the people in my house who have adhd still take it and boy, when they forget they are a mess ;-;
I NEED the cow song name PLEASE
I have ADD which currently falls under the ADHD umbrella term, and in school I did need meds to focus. But when I dropped it off school I stopped taking them, and I’m doing fine, I can focus enough to do my job. But basically cause I daydream and autopilot my way through the shift
i stopped taking my meds one time. i cant not reccomend it enough.  what i can reccomend is training the skills that you want. you're able to do that. Even if it feels like you're not getting anywhere, you're probably too distracted or goal oriented to notice.
i was diagnosed with adhd pretty late in my life and ive been on vyvanse for almost 3 years byt it was interesting to hear about your experience on meds because i had pretty much no negative reactions
no Idea why I'm here but I was once on ADHD meds that turned me into basically a zombie incapable of doing tasks myself I had to be told what to do. there was another one that lowered my blood pressure to a dangerous level and some just didn't work. man I wish there was one that just made my brain shut up so I could work but they all have side effects and weird things they do. :/ These days I'm not on medication and it's a nightmare struggle to get by but I prefer it over playing the medical lottery of medication effects.
adhd is when every topic in your head is a hyperlink to more topics also Hyper focus? NO thats a misnomer its more like tunnel vision. combine those two and you get a very weird sort of spontaniety.  new topic to tunnel into. hard to leave the new topic until the next one just pops out of no where.  i found like. i don't really have willpower and self control. so i instead like work better if i do preperations like mental rituals before hand or even the day before. after the mental prep physical prep. like actual traps and setups to put myself into a position where i MUST work.  know your triggers, know your habits. cause they are pretty bad. yet pretty consistent. i get sleepy focusing on seminars that i realized i can basically watch tutorials to bed. music helps me focus. and google chrome triggers me to mindlessly opening up webnovelsites so i uninstalled chrome.  adhd is like playing a bugged videogame character the bugs are pretty consistent, but its annoying early on.
What happens when someone with adhd smokes a joint?
You practically are an expert at ksp now
LOL im with 35 is my adhd really that bad🤣🤣🤣😂
i also have a FuNnY brain :P
I take Vyvanse, and personal It helps me out a lot! Especially in school. I usually just write on myself for reminders incase I get sucked into something so deeply from my focus being on only that, and at times I will randomly look at my arm and see I have to do other things and check it out, and do it. Of course, you dont gotta write on yourself, you can use sticky notes, or create your own little system that helps you out the most. Though, with Vyvanse it doesn't not help with my other symptoms whatsoever. Only focus. Which sucks since with my ADHD I can have these moodswings, which is mainly toward extreme levels of anger, especially if someone touches me or just something weird feeling I dont like touches me. If not that, takings someones words differently, which can enrage me as well, but right now I am on some mood stabliers, though they dont help me all that much, but ADHD is a weird thing to experience, medicated or not. It can be troubling, and we all have our bad parts of it.
As a kid and teen I experienced some *hardcore* ADHD. Apparently I was one of the most extreme cases the psychologist had seen up to that point. So they prescribed me Ritalin.  And nowadays I’m just - fine. Probably more distractable than the average still, but it’s not an impairment.   And that’s all there is to the story, really. If other medication doesn’t work out, I’d recommend Ritalin. It just increased my overall focus, but without taking away my agency or playing weird tricks on my mind.
I LOVE MEDICATION I LOVE TAKING LEGAL AMPHETAMINES
From my experience mean, I have autism, but I’m also really well experienced and educated in medical things medication in my personal opinion is sometimes when it comes to autism and ADHD and things like that sometimes no medication is best.   You can have two people that are having the same problem with the same condition give them the same medication and then they can have the same effects from that medication for one of them that could be great and the other one that could be terrible, even if they having the same results of the medication
Don’t forget to unsubscribe
Haven't been diagnosed (bc it's not that easy in Poland to get to the right professional for diagnose), but both this and the last ADHD vids felt extremely relatable. I struggle to focus, but when I need to make sure I accomplish ANYTHING during the day, I follow Pomodoro technique using simple alarm clock to help me. I know this concept has nothing to do with ADHD, but even when I get distracted by something, I get an alarm every now and then to remind myself to get up, drink some water, then another alarm to get back to work and that kinda resets my focus for some time. It's far from perfect as I still get distracted, but it helps me regain focus for a while, letting me finish a task.
try methylphenidate, its what i use and it seems to help when i actually remember to take it
This is the best way to describe how it feels. The way your character is so expressive lol.
I made sure to unsubscribe like you said
It sounds like you're struggling with "procrastination", people who procrastinate are not lazy, but scared or feared of starting something unknown for them.   Just an opinion.
as an ADHDer who went off concerta for similar reasons, surviving unmedicated for 3 years now, I can tell you it all comes down to systems. systems help to provide our brains with a safety net. If anyone wants me to elaborate, reply and I will.
wow this is crzy accurate...
your experience with vyvanse is the same as mine!! id rather have the ability to do physical things than to get even more absorbed by random articles on wikipedia all day, maybe i should ask my doctor for adderall
mate, you can't just do meds, the meds are a tool, you also have to do stuff like cognitive behavioral therapy and stuff alongside it.
i was supposed to be studying for my exam, but i saw this thumbnail and i was like ooh, then i zoned out and i learned to move my ear   help me 🥲
I found my way with dexamphetamine works really good for me
This is why meds alone aren't a great treatment for ADHD, the best results come from a combination of meds and CBT. Having a counselor of therapist who can help you target your most debilitating symptoms and formulate ways to work around them is hugely helpful. It's easy to get too focused on making things "right" and being "normal" but when you have ADHD you just can't expect yourself to do everything the "normal" or straightforward way, it will just make you miserable because adhd brains are inherently not straightforward. But if I could "cure" my adhd I wouldn't, it makes me a much more creative problem solver. I wouldn't think the way I do without it, which is why I don't think of it as a disability but rather my brain's response to society's Maximum Productivity Bullshit.
lol i had a similar thing happen to me cuz i have adhd. i was taking meds for a year and then my first year of high school began and one day i felt out of breath constantly with a tight chest and everything so i was taken to the hospital to be evaluated for 6 hrs and they came to the conclusion it was the medication. and i was supposed to slowly quit it but i one day just said fuck it and went cold turkey.  my learning ability increased 50% by being off of it.  medication is complicated for adhd idk why.
Eazy Easy 💀
1:20 My brain going wild be like:
The absolute worst thing about having to take Ritalin for most of my childhood is that even though I took a low dose with breakfast and lunch, it was still in my system at bedtime and  so so so often I would hyperfocus so much on my own heartbeat that I could *never* get to sleep. I swear, when I stopped taking it in high school I must've slept like the f**king dead that first week.
Haha funny sandwich man make relatable content hehe
Yo, I stopped with meds a while back and started exercising a lot. Good leg workouts/moderate cardio helps restore blood flow to your frontal lobe. Also jogging your brain for a bit helps too but that hard when your not actively trying all the time. The 2 together or in sequence is great as well. The main thing for me is screen time, this one is prob the hardest but of course the most effective, I've noticed that when I've been absent from my phone/computer for a while I can be "normal" for a day or 2. Its really a great feeling but it's really easy to fall back. If you have a passion, your ADHD should deem that "efficient" enough to keep you interested. For instance I love astronomy and I could read on that shit for hours but you can't just _start_ reading and expect to stay on task. I like to do if I'm relatively distracted that day is read all the "Juicy" information first and sometimes that gets me hooked or at least when I go back to read it I have info already and don't have to put much work in.
Its the same for autism and antipsycotics. Yes they definetly can help but there are always downsides from the meds. Its not always a win win. But its also not always bad.
it was really cool to hear from someone else and there experinces with meds mine sadly did not go well
It's a serious problem... Wow a squirrel! There's a lot of words from this guy. Probably why he needs medication and a VPN... I wasn't really paying attention...
Funnily enough your description of Vyvanse was my mum's exact reaction on it and the complete opposite of mine. Concerta works well for her but I got the exact effects you described on it. And Vyvanse just worked for me. Adhd is stupid and big and different for everyone. You may just not have found the right meds yet. Vyvanse helps produce dopamine so if your brain can do that kinda ok it leads to too much reward from a task and you get locked in. Good luck with it all, hopefully they were just the wrong meds for you.  Oh yeah also Adderall and Vyvanse are very similar compounds with Vyvanse being the longer release. Ritalin and Concerta are the same as each other but different to Vyvanse and Adderall.
this popped up after watching the metal pipe falling sound effect wtf
I went through five different medications before I found the one that worked for me, one made me throw up every day and another one caused me to get into two car accidents in a week
Me watching this when I’m supposed to be doing something important, anyways I should stop now and this is 100% accurate
5:18 dude are the whole brownie and really said “these edibles ain’t shit”
Wait? So ADHD = free meth? If not in America.
jesus christ though 1:22 finally captured what i think like
This is a really good way of explaining the feeling of medicated ADHD. Keep up the good work 👍
I took vivance once and only once. It was awful, i could not try to speak without bursting out into tears. I was miserable panicking and crying until the meds wore off. Adhd medication is so tricky and annoying, i wish i could live in a society where having adhd didn't automatically make u disabled
It's super interesting to see someone who has taken the same to ADHD medications that I have, and had literally the same effects on them as well
Woof. Yeah, it is rough to find the right medication for you -- or to realize that none of the meds work quite right for your particular brand of ADHD.  Good luck either way, bud
nonpyschedelic mushrooms genuinely changed my life, theyre a lot less volatile than prescription meds i take straterra 100 mgs daily and have for 5 or 6 months, before that i was on adderall for 6 years. i dont recommend most prescription medications for adhd, theyre extremely hit or miss and theres always something you dislike, for instance mine works well and stays in my system without having an active effect that burns out and i feel much better all the time rather than having a productive period boosted artificially.   nonpyschedelic mushrooms can be taken daily and theyre great for your health, i use something called om master blend bc it has a bunch of different mushrooms for the body, but lions mane would probably do wonders for you :]
Dr. Tracey Marks has some very interesting and validating content on ADD/ADHD. I was inadvertently doing many of the things that she recommended prior to working up the courage to try medication. I did everything in my power to keep myself organized. I write notes all over the place, I put everything on my smartphone's calendar, and I set reminders for everything that I am supposed to do. I bought a smartwatch in November, which helps me set reminders without having to get my phone out. I treat the meds as another tool. I purposely don't take them on weekends and often go 1-2 weeks without them to make sure I don't have any dependency on them. I've forgotten to take them on numerous occasions, and it doesn't dramatically impact my day. I definitely notice a difference in my ability to focus, but I don't let it control me. It definitely helps to have a doctor who will work with you.
This is so relatable
Concerta with a Ritalin boost mid day is what works for me. Highest dose of conserta offered too, RIP. But every brain is different cause that’s how brains work, meds may work for some but not others. And sometimes meds just don’t work at all
TRY MUSHROOMS
As someone who just started taking Dex (you guys call it Adderal) how you describe it is incredibly accurate to me. I would just start being able to do stuff and it was fucking wild (although I did once get very distracted by the concept of the symbolism of poppies and ended up creating a whole half-finished short story idea around it that I need to get back to).
Interesting
I started Adderall a little over a year ago. I was diagnosed with ADHD and Dyslexia in kindergarten. Since 8th grade I was on Stratera and in 12th grade I started Adderall. I’ve only heard bad things ab Adderall from people who were not diagnosed when they were in grade school. That’s just something interesting I’ve noticed lol. No one who’s been taking ADHD meds since they were younger that I’ve spoken to has really had issues that I’ve read or heard about. Also if no one in your family has ADHD it might be a good idea to think really hard before jumping into a new medication because you might just need to fix something that’s causing a lack of focus. Diet, exercise, hygiene, or workspace. That could suck to hear because you’ve been looking for a reason that things aren’t getting done, but if you’re just now thinking you have ADHD and you’ve made it into your adulthood you probably do not need a substance like Adderall lol
Try CBT its proven to treat and even cure ADHD.
wait till the drug stop working and all the blood work cause your changing pills, i know most people who have adhd are lucky there not like me and grow high tolerance quickly
Thanks to my wicked and unmedicated ADHD, I am incredibly powerful at work as a mechanic. My bread and butter and  taking the job with many quick tasks, such as doing an oil change, tore rotation, air filters, windshield wipers, serpentine belt, and battery all on one truck. That job was expected to be two hours, but with my flow I did it in less than one. Thanks to my ADHD I was expertly doing stuff like “while I’m putting the serpentine belt on I can put the oil filter and drain plug in with my free arm.” A job well done, and twice as fast as estimated makes me very happy.
Honestly its so relieving seeing someone with ADHD talking about their negative experiences with medication because ive tried ADHD meds before and ive had REALLY bad side effects, it helped me a ton in school but i found my appetite was extremely suppressed and i was always nauseas, the focus was nice while it lasted but it was not worth the way meals turned into uphill battles and food becoming completely uninteresting to me! Super happy to see this kind of video, and its nice knowing im not alone in having not so great experiences. :)
I think ADHD is just your brain that was taught to do so much in so little time so we get caught up and boom... Nothing gets done. Only to realize meds are just good enough to get your train towards its destination. When meds stop, you start to do things normally and when you experience an event that rekindles your adhd, you have to get stronger meds...
0:58 my thought process is a FNAF security camera feed, and this is so relatable. I was a clumsy, inattentive and lazy kid for more more than two dozen years. In Asia. Turns out I was just sick. Well that sucks.  Doctors here don't prescribe amphetamines for the condition, and I guess they have a point.
I don't have ADHD (Autism instead) but hearing these experiences is really really interesting to me. Also your sense of humour and timing are a VIBE
Ritalin actually worsened my Tourette's 🤦🏽‍♂️ I use delta 8 products or actual green. It's easier to manage.
I have taken Ritalin and Attenze, both 10mg and they were pretty weak and had a lot of bad symptoms. I later took Venvance for two weeks and it felt good because it gives you that extra boost but on the last three days I took it My vision started getting pretty weird.  I stopped taking it and started with Concerta 54mg and it works amazing with no symptoms at all but I fell EXACTLY how you said about being just ABLE to do stuff but not one single thing that requires focus like studying what I should. It's still better than nothing!  You could talk to you doctor about Concerta, it has the 36mg, 54mg and 108mg dosage. From all the ones I took this one is the only one with my money.
i dont know about you but i was diagnosed with ADHD when i was 12 i take concerta and it works great for me
Its ironic how Im watching this video for the FITH TIME. Meanwhile, I have homework I need to work on right now. XD
#relateable
guh.
I took ADHD meds most of my life, then stopped around 5 years ago. I believe it did help me focus in school but screwed up everything else about me over time. I used to be hyper and loud, now I'm usually calm and extremely shy. I used to scream and want to break things when I was mad for a long time, now I almost cannot express feelings at all. Maybe it wasn't the medication and just a change with age but I honestly think it was at least some part of it.
Wow
As an ADHD and Autistic person, I did Vyvanse for 10+ years, and it was...NOT FUN, Turned me into a full on Zombie and just Angry non stop, While I did focus, it was at the rest of my expence. Currently Unmedicated for years and as I grew older I managed to grab a hold of most of what I can.
I feel like the loop also means you are subconsciously looking for every reason to procrastinate and avoid the big task. Even though you want to get it done, a part of you clearly doesn't due to knowing how much time it'll take out of your day, and it's easier to do literally anything else except that.  I should know. I have struggled with this my entire life. I end up spending way more time overthinking about how long it's going to take, what a pain cleaning is, and make a million and a half excuses to put it off or do it "tomorrow." I spend way more doing this than actually completing the task even as slow as i do things. The dread, anticipation, and just getting yourself to move towards getting started is the hardest part.  It's really hard to motivate myself. But i finally understand why that is after so many years. A part of me is waiting and waiting for someone to scream at me and to make sure i finish whatever it is. Getting yelled at to do it would trigger a very begrudging "motivation." This became routine at some point during childhood and a terrible habit.  For me, it's purely psychological. I recognize this an awful habit i developed, and now, on my own, i struggle with self motivation because i never had to force myself. I got used to waiting out my parents or making excuses that I was doing another task that seemed just as important until someone else finally did the chore i was avoiding.  Just make sure to ask yourself: is it truly adhd, or are you waiting until it resolves itself, goes away, or for someone else to do it for you? Are you waiting for a conditioned "motivation" from childhood to push you out of habit? It's important to recognize that you are spiraling when you start making excuses to avoid it or doing something else instead.
I just kinda, stopped taking mine randomly for no reason, I haven’t takes them in over 5 years and um still mentally stable! *mostly*
bro i just tried adderall once and it was horrible and i was in an angry rant for like 4 hours cuz i was too focused so i moved to concierta and its so mild but i think it works
I have ADHD, and took Vyvanse, it didn't work for me. I was also on like a 30mg dose.
Extremely similar experience with Vyvanse. I just don't think there's an ideal med or maybe there is now a days? I started to think of the meds as tools to know what it's like to be grounded, and then pushing to recreate that focused experience off meds? Kind of worked for a while, but, it's been a while since I've been on them, 8 years since or so. I think about going back on constantly, but you know, we'll see if I get to that.
This video is really important to me, seeing my own experiences mirrored in yours makes me feel so much better about myself. It's pretty easy to just feel like a useless price of shit when struggling with ADHD
💊
So there is a non stimulant called straterra, and where 2 stimulants didn't work insurance will likely cover it if you ever wanted to try again.  I stopped my mess a bit after high school, but after struggling with work for a bit, I picked them up again years later and haven't stopped since.  I just don't think inwas ready at that time.  You do you, you deserve to be able to have the ability to focus on things.  Don't rob yourself of that chance.  Just do it at your own pace
Thanks for sharing! I'm a grown-ass man who very likely has ADHD, but for me the problem is basically that I'm always in your "vyvanse mode": I will hyper-focus on one thing to the detriment of everything else. And not just because I ignore everything else, in fact it's almost sort of intentional due to the fact that anything else coming up WILL distract me and I know it. I'm not very comfortable at all with the idea of medication, because it's understood that ADHD is more of just a nuerotype, a certain kind of brain, than a disorder. But the way that our modern society works isn't very compatible with that nuerotype, and so THAT conflict creates disorder. I'm like "Why do I have to take the medication? Give society the f**king medication and let me enjoy my hyperfocus!"
I’ve watched all of the videos on this channel, and yet.  I cannot find the context of funny cow.
been taking concerta on and off for ~2 years now and whenever i need to focus [in school/at job/driving etc]- i overlooked the effects it has on me and when i drank a single shot of espresso worth of caffiene my heart got all bumpy jumpy but i could hyperfocus yet feel all silly jumpy worm wiggly please make another video if you get somewhere you feel comfortable at in terms of meds!!!! I really need help focusing and extremely relate to your other adhd video, and still have no clue how to get help outside of meds
I disagree with your statement on stopping meds if your experiencing physicaly uncomfortable/ dangerous symptoms. You need to stop taking the meds that are causing them. If someone is having and adverse reaction to medication it must be stopped and you need to talk to your doctor. Do not keep taking them
I take Vyvanse and yeah that's about my experience. It's great for focus, but it's a conscious effort on my part to focus on the RIGHT task. Basically it feels like a constant state of hyperfocusing to me.  Originally I was instructed to take it every day, but I only take it on mornings of days where I know I will need the focus, like work days.  If you tend to have caffeine, it's not usually the best idea to have it with Vyvanse in my experience, because it is a stimulant. Makes my heart do funky things and also gives my body shakes. I also have to take it after I eat something because it affects my appetite and my stomach tends to feel gross if I don't (and I've learned that to be basic common sense with a lot of medications unless instructed otherwise), and I have to take it early in the morning or else it will keep me up at night.  But this is all my experience, it might be different for everyone, so take it for a grain of salt.
Can someone tell me why ADD was removed? I have ADHD symptoms but I’m not hyperactive…
Has anyone ever thought that maybe it could be stress from our environment and AGE!!!
Welcome back to “do I actually have adhd but I’m in denial of having it because I hear about it so often or am I just bored”
Also Vyvanse has a half-life so after three times of taking it you kind of need to come off of it for the fourth days and some of the fifth possibly? This was why he was feeling over stimulated by Vyvanse but only later on.
Medication without behavioral tools is utterly pointless. Thanks to Racism, I had several years of working with only tools before I beat the medical door down and get meds. I still have my behavioral tools. My major symptom, though, is hyperfocus. I was one of few people who ate **more** after I started meds.
Vyvanse was mine. Ritalin was not good though..
Where’s the sauce on that cow vid?  IT’S REAL https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA
I had adhd I took meds but for a while i pucked because I would take my meds before eating.
Do u have any suggestions for a fellow unmediated person who has it I literally saw videos on adhd and it’s literally me even I took a TEST ON IT AND IT SAAID U MIGHT HAVE SEVERE ADHD I even my friends say I act like I have adhd🥲
Its weird never having the energy to finish my thougts until taking medication
The polish cow is hunting my mind & my feed
What works well for me is lowest effective dose, 4 days on 3 days off. Lowest effective dose means no euphoria btw.
concerts gang
I had to look up that cow video before watching this. Thanks for the distraction, boo
I am activity watching this video instead of doing my work (ADHD Molment)
Vivance for me was EXTREEEMLYYY emotional
what about version 3 where your parrents turn you into a personaletyless zombie ?
When my adhd kicks in I go binker bonky
The way I can relate to this. I'm hoping to get diagnosed one day too, but yeah, the medication part scares me. I feel like I'd have a panic attack if suddenly my brain went "normal." The more I learn about symptoms and what ADHD is the more I question myself. It makes more sense to me
On the global population 4% of people have ADHD, in America it is 12%. 2/3 of people talking about their experience with ADHD meds dont even have ADHD.
this is what the polish cow lyrics at the start translated to. I only have one thing on my mind Five grams of coke fly away alone Into the land of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will this one end
Salvation isn't in medication
just do both i am supposed to know i have adhd
You know what the hallmark of living with ADHD is for me? Having to think out loud in order to slow my thoughts down enough that I can process them before I instantly get distracted by some other random thought. Even that doesn't always work, but if I try to think quietly, I can't focus at all. All my thoughts become an incoherent blur.
Adhd without meds is like doing drugs, you don’t really realize its bad till it really effects ur life
your video reminded me to take my adhd meds 😂😂😂😂
Adderall made me able to focus. Just not prioritize. I could spend an entire day drawing "The" like sponge bob without a single lapse in concentration. It was not very helpful
As someone with adhd and rarely watches your videos, I had a feeling you had adhd after the first video. Idk what it was but I was like "this guy's vibes feels familiar"
No for reals I gained the ability to do things it all makes sense
I have the worst adhd :(
I hate adhd ALSO I TAKE MEDICINE BUT MY FAVORITE DRINK ORANGE JUICE WHICH I CANT DRINK WHY GOD!
I like methylphenidate IR. Let's me get focused when I absolutely need to, and I can be my own self researching turtle flippers or polish cows most of the time.
I've been off medication for a long while, but like after the first year or so I went to therapy as a check up, and my therapist asked how I was managing, especially since she was like a cognitive therapist or w.e. I told her hobbies allowed me to keep my focus and explained how I gained these hobbies. that's when I figured out they're not hobbies, they're hyperfixations lmao. 15 years later, I am a craft god AND can focus cause I put what I need to do before what I'm craving to do. executive dysfunction happens but not as much as it used to
Vyvanse is not more mellow. Vyvanse is exactly Adderall. Only 12 hours of Adderall
Ooh you had hyperfixation on Vyvanse. I don't remember what i was like on it but i lost a ton of weight and had tics on the meds
Makes me want to do a video about my ADHD... If I get around to doing it though
“I thought: I should do task A. And then I did task A.”  Wait, WHAT. JUST LIKE THAT??
Okay but wHAT IS THAT COW VIDEO FROM THE BEGINNING? I NEED TO KNOW. Also, was it in Polish or am I tripping? 0:00  Edit: nvm I found it. It’s called “tylko jedno w głowie mam”
All right guess it’s time to unsubscribe- 🤷‍♀️
THIS IS NOT ADHD! Will you people get of your horse, cut sugar and e numbers out of your diet and go outside. There is nothing wrong with you apart from the stuff you keep putting into your body. STOP TRYING TO BE A VICTIM.
I was on ritalin when I was a kid, but they took me off when I was in high school.  I find background music help me stay on task...  which is actually what I was looking for when I noticed you uploaded a new video.  No system is perfect.
After taking Adderal for a while, did you feel like you changed as a person? Or did you go right back to normal after the effects wore off?
I love icecreamsandwich so much. So much. You are best
i take 54 grams
I take ritalin and it does the job for me👍
Life advice: don't try to self medicate with alcohol. It's a trap
i dont take my adhd meds because it doesnt bother me and i still end up doing my stuff.  it also helps in connect four a lot.  i can focus on 8 different realities in connect four.
Why is this video very silent :|
this video is task e
If those are symptoms, than shit I need to drop by somewhere reallllll quick
It's interesting, I started on Aderall and then moved onto Vyvanse and then two others I can't remember the name of. Vyvanse was SO damn expensive though. Nearly $400 a bottle which didn't give much. But the Symptoms of it, and others, were worse than my ADHD so I'm trying to just... work through it with my therapist at the moment. Sadly no real progress yet, but I have hopes.  Also the Irony of me watching a video about someone talking about ADHD while I'm supposed to be working is not lost on me.
I got distracted and could not finish this vide-
METH YIPPIE!!!!!🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
It‘s insane that you put real experience in this vid, your last vid about adhd was 3 monts ago and the kombination with the comedy is sooo good
My doctors gave up on medicating me 👍
115mg of vivanse does the trick for me
I'm trying to google the medicine you mention while watching your video :v
I'm kinda just getting diagnosed. But this speaks out to me so much. I got projects that have been lasting.... 3 years. And I sit down to try and do it and.... Distracted.... And it happened to everything. And I just wanna be a functional adult :/ I'm 36 with 20 hobbies with 5 on the go at a time. And no friends coz I don't have a steady hobby... To.... Get into a group :(
I have the ADHDs and I take Adderall and I agree that he describes what adderall does perfectly
CONCERTA
Did anyone else replay the first 17 seconds? Im ngl that cow was entertaining
That was an amazing video! My son has ADHD and Concerta or Focalin have helped him in class. I’ve never been diagnosed but I have a really hard time concentrating unless I get into hyper focus mode. Also totally relate to doing the smallest task first and procrastinating on the important one. When I need to be productive, I drink a cup of coffee and take one capsule of L-Theanine. That gives me a calm focus.
I will just put it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pIpi1HDEhU - link to the video used at the beginning - “Polish Cow” to the music of Cypis ;)
If you are on meds or are considering meds, Harvard, UC Berkley and many other universities have proven that medicinal shrooms are waaaay better for your brain than medicinal meth.
Adderall is a miracle for me, but I still need to have extremely urgent, high-challenge, high-reward things to do, or I will be off-task all day.
Just a tip for those who don't wanna take _drugs,_ try taking a complex of B vitamins, they're proven to help neurological stuff (I'm great at words ik). Feels like you're unlocking your 3rd eye bro, like your brain is working at 100%
Hey man, from someone who has been trough therapy for ADHD for 14 years: Don't worry, you will learn what works for you. Finding structure in your day works wonders. I've also found things get a lot easier once you are out of puberty. What worked for me when it comes to medication was not taking the medication for a few weeks, then trying again at half the dose, not using it during the weekends. Best of health to you bro.
so in the end... no actual progress was made. this really IS an ADHD story o.o
Personally, I'm on Straterra, since it's a non-stimulant it doesn't have all the gross government oversight. Annoyingly, I'm on 50mg, which means I take two pills, but it does help give me some focus and keeps my depression symptoms manageable and stops my brain from completely eating itself.
I am bipolar, they give me Leptopsique and feels horrible, from having this "full Energy and creativity" to pass to sleep for 15 days 😪😝  I throw the medicine.
I'm waiting for him to discover that you occasionally flip to overdrive for no reason, and your whole body shakes as it consumes the energy required to drive a rocket engine
Personally I got really lucky (so far i think so lol) been on ritalin for 3 months, a really low does of 5mg. Im supposed to take 2 a day but learned i cant sleep AT ALL when i take 2! So i only take 1. The effects are just want I want tho. I re-applied to college after dropping out from having no interest and bad grades, but now im able to focus on all my work while not being totally cracked! Now I get high 80’s-90’s and so far its amazing! I still feel like me! When i tried vibans i felt cracked and 100% agree on the statement that its was to much focus! So far im happy on the ritalin but as i keep going we will see how it plays out in the long run!
I have been taking 60 mg adderall since middle school. They were great for the first few years but after a while you depend on them to do basic stuff and can’t even focus on important shit while taking them. Plus atleast in my experience the physical side effects adderall has taken on my body are immense, my base heart rate is now permanently 120 on or off meds and I have palpitations and insomnia, I haven’t stopped shaking since freshmen year and developed disordered eating behaviors, I have brain fog and severe headaches, and like he said in the video they breathless is a huge problem I can’t walk anywhere without nearly hyperventilating even though im a perfectly healthy 18 year old. By Vyvance worked a lot better for me but it was like $600 a month so sadly couldn’t stay on it. TBH the guy in the video talking abt his experience gives me such deja vu. I know by my junior year everyone who took ADHD meds had either gone off them because how they made them feel or were dependent. It sucks because they are genuinely helpful but in my experience there needs to be more awareness about the dangers cause I seems a lot of the time the doctors don’t even know the danger
Meds didn’t really help me at all. I just couldn’t sleep so when I did fall asleep I would try to stay in bed to make up for lost sleep along with constantly eating. I was warned to remember to eat because I won’t fell hungry but I wasn’t warned that I would also not feel full so I started snacking for the fist time in my life. Over all I gained 10lbs and became nocturnal in one month. I was constantly afraid of gaining an opioid addiction and couldn’t get my work done. It’s been years since I’ve taken it and the only way I get my work done is quit, dark, cramped, dedicated space. And even that doesn’t work half the time.
Adderall is not meth. That's like claiming petroleum jelly (Vaseline) is jellied petrol (Napalm). It's not the same. (Napalm used palm tree oil.) There's no meth in Adderall.
My ADHD and my meds had a fight and the ADHD won. I am no longer medicated
I've been on Adderall for 18 years I recently stopped with in this last year because the use was taking a toll on me as your Friend said it's basically prescribed meth.  I got ao use to the  affects and such that quitting was hard but I did the first few weeks I was irritable and low energy.  But I can say now with confidence after some mental training and will power I've overcome my adhd and learned to work with it in a way to benefit me instead of hinder me. It's like I've got my hand on the steering wheel now not completely but enough to be in control.
I took Vyvanse first for 10 years and it eventually stopped working for me so my Doctor gave me Adderall and I have been on it for 5 years now. I genuinely can't tell the difference, but I am not all that productive even on Adderall.
My general aversion to....METH
I had the same reaction you had to Vyvanse to Adderall...I just couldn't level out. I'm on Bupropion now, and it's...not nearly as STRONG as Adderall, but its a good compliment if they have put you on an anti-depressant like Zoloft. The two work well together, and you also don't need to go into the doc every month to get it re-filled. It isn't a controlled substance.
i tried vivance last year as a return to ADD meds and after probably 2 weeks i started getting the same  out of breath  sensation.. lucky i had a low  dosage so stopping  didnt give me  much undesirable effect but it seems  like a common side effect that is  seldom listed in official side effect lists.
My ex had ADHD although i can't really tell what made him an asshole. It was either his way or the highway, he was so sex addicted he would just hump me out of nowhere, he was also loud and chaty. I don't think I'll ever date someone with ADHD again
AS A POLISH PERSON WITH ADHD I GOTJUMPSCARED BY THE POLISH COW IN THE BEGINNING ......... thank u ice cream sandwich i loveit
0:07 🫡🐄 nice
me when i was a kid i had ADHD so my mom give me my meds i had the same problem
I tried so many medications and never felt like they did anything for me. Got to a point where I was questioning if I actually had adhd. I definitely do. It seems meds aren’t that helpful when you got a bunch of anxiety too ;;
I had a lot of adhd issues when I was a kid. Couldn't focus in class. I was put on various medications as a kid and none of them I felt helped so i refused to take them. Not saying this is the case for everyone but what seemed to begin helping me to better manage symptoms was:   - Find a focus: my parents put me martial arts, which acted as a medium to put my energy into and allowed me to begin finding ways to practice and develop my focus and intentions that resonated with an interest.   - Practice focus: I got a program called holosync which is essentially  meditation with calming noises. However, I believe it was the way I would use it that helped. I noticed that depending on my life exposures, the more neurotic and unfocused I would be. During my holosync sessions I would force myself to focus on my breath. Whenever I had a thought come into my head (distraction) I would recognize and identify it, let it go, and go back to focusing on my breath. I believe this practice helped me practice focus because i was reinforcing the act of holding my attention on one thing, for a long period of time, that was something I chose, without distractions. Breathing is a passive activity that creates the illusion that you are doing it. For an otherwise healthy person, breathing is the easiest "thing you can do" which you can practice your focus on. It's just hard to do because we are being bombarded with our neurotic thoughts, expectations, and cravings. Part of this practice is learning to recognize them and be able to put them aside.   - Move with purpose: Set up goals and always question what productivity does a task provide and does it serve your intents and purpose. Is what you are doing productive? Does it serve your best intentions? To serve purpose mindfulness must be practiced. All of these things are like muscles that can build or atrophy. What we do is what we choose. What we practice is what we become. Also, like muscles they need trained and maintained.   - Journal: Create awareness of yourself and document your interactions, feelings, thoughts, and motivations. Aim to be as objective as possible when doing so. Reflect on moods, things that influence you in your environment (foods, people, lack of exercise, etc.), what activities serve you, what activities don't, what has interface with you and what shouldn't, what is your best intentions, what is your purpose, what do you value,  what is meaningful to you, what philosophies do you subscribe to, do you have any conflicting beliefs and if so why do they conflict? Taking inventory and create dialog with yourself so that you can better direct yourself to align with your best intentions. Knowing ourselves is what helps develop our self confidence as well as provides context to hold ourselves accountable to ourselves.  I'm not trying to simplify anyone's symptoms. I'm not claiming this is how you, "fix" ADHD. This for me in my case is what seemed to aid me in finding more focus and capabilities and to keep tabs on self-defeating practices. If medications aren't working for you like they weren't working for me maybe trying these types of things can help?   I believe the meaning of life is to have meaningful experiences. I believe there are no "appropriate interest". However with that being the case, I also believe we need to recognize how some of our interests may not serve our best interests to experience what is truly meaningful to us. Some engagements don't serve us because they don't have productive means to our true intentions. I believe the more we practice being in line with our true intentions the stronger that muscle gets and the easier we can do it. However, I also believe having fun and being spontaneous and adventurous is also a necessary element to all of this too. At the end of the day it all boils down to a simple word, "balance".
I started Vyvanse 2 months ago and man, the amount of things I've been able to do in that amount of time! I mean stuff like fixing the bath faucet, cleaning, cooking, I swapped out our toilet!! I've never done that before but I figured it out! I also learned how engine's work and fixed my car!! Holy shit my adhd was so bad but I can THINK NOW
I wonder, do you think that one day you will be "cured" and able to focus without meds?????....because that is NOT how drugs work.
I’ve been taking Concerta for like— a decade now. I’ve noticed how certain starch/food breaks my concentration and gives me brain fog. The best way I can describe it is driving on a one way street, and there’s a block on the street, and there’s NO WAY OF GETTING AROUND IT— even when I’m on my meds. It’s a frustrating sensation that I’ve haven’t encountered other people dealing with this and it sucks :/. I honestly feel like my hyperactivity doesn’t go away, but It just helps with concentration
I have ADHA and my problem is I hyperfixat WAY to much, and then I lose interest realyfast, and I an really bad at getting distracted, not only that but I also am bad ap procrastination...why did it take me 20 minute to typethit-
I was diagnosed by one dr with adhd and she gave me adderall. I still had problems concentrating in class so instead of a different med, she upped my dosage and pared it with a strong  depression med she gave me (a depression medication that they gave to Vietnam Combat vets). Now the stuff i had was trying to fight with the adderall and my brain went into a tail spin and landed me in the hospital. I got off the adderall immediately and had to slowly get off the depression medication with a different dr. It was so bad.
You might benefit from an extended release form of medication.
Idk man kinda seems like a bit lazyness
I used to take Ritalin in school, but I begged to be taken off it because despite it making me more productive and have higher grades, it also made me feel emotionally flat and I found I wasn't enjoying the things I usually did. I haven't been back on any meds since and I'm worried about how they might affect my personality and mental health.
I doubt you’ll see this. But I started TM(transcendental meditation) last year and it’s honestly changed my life with battling adhd symptoms. I get the best of both worlds of being able to focus on physical tasks, and it helped me improve concentration on my academics. Scientifically speaking it’s got a lot of robust evidence for being able to help adhd symptoms, and anyone (including kids with the disorder) can do it because it’s an effortless practise. Unfortunately it requires a tutor to learn it, and if you live in a big city that can be expensive, but the amount it’s done for me, I don’t grudge the fee whatsoever. For me it feels like it’s added 4 hours to my day with how much more I’m able to get done, I sleep better, I’m not stressed out nearly as much, and my working memory has improved greatly.   Anyone in here who thinks they may have adhd, or even just have symptoms of adhd from the technological tik tok world we live in, I urge you to look into it.
I had a hallucinatory effect when taking Vyvanse. My parents said to me the next day that I was NOT gonna take my proper medication that day for good reason. That reason being I don’t even know what happened when I took that medicine. To this day, I don’t know what I was doing that day when I took that medication. Good thing I had a backup of my Concerta (aka Methylphenidate) at the time. I also forgot to mention that this was when we were out of town for vacation…imagine trying to explain why I was acting much different to other family members without drawing too much attention.
Getting diagnosed several years  after moving to a country where every medication other than concerta is banned isn't fun. Especially considering that concerta barely works for me, and when it does work it's like only for 30 minutes to an hour, after which I'm a potato again. I spent like an hour trying to read one single paragraph over and over today as if I was reading some alien manuscripts or something. And this is being medicated.  It's like having 10 KB of RAM while living in a world where everyone has at least 32GB of RAM. I heard good reviews about Vyvanse but unfortunately adults can't get it since it's prescribed to children only here. RIP
oh so I have ADHD then. And so does my brother. Fun! (joke we both only have the symtoms)
I was diagnosed with Asperger’s about a decade ago. I used to have crazy anxiety until I started taking an edible every night. Now there’s less anxiety and chronic pain. On the flip side, I feel forgetful and loss of focus which now I’m questioning if I have ADHD too. We shall see next month at an evaluation.
I stopped takeing vyvanse because my stomach almost exploded every time i took it
Kurwa Cypis, nie wierzę xd
Been diagnosed as well and am currently on Ritalin. I will say that for most, the initial taking of the pill is amazing. It was the first time I WANTED to remove my noise-canceling headphones at work... but that goes away. The biggest problem from there is overcoming the bad habits that have occurred due to adhd (among other things like the environment, social, other mental health, etc). And that can take time, which sucks, but it took time to create the habits too.   I like the explanation of how it helps. I have always used this analogy: Neurotypical folks run at say 70% focus during an average day (give or take) while adhd folks run more at 40%. When NT takes the meds, they run at 80%. For adhd folks? 70% if we are lucky! It isn't to make us super smart or have the hyper focus like movies depict, we just need to function in a world where we have troubles doing that.
2:07 “I just took 5 millie vanillie of this adderall, and lemme tell y’a, I’m feelin *pretty* *in-TELL-igent.”*
You try to take vyvanse and intuniv yet though?
you made this freaking video! Thats more than I got done today LOL
He got smooth brain syndrome
His experience with meds was exactly the same as mine! We were even on the same meds! The ability to “do the thing” I believe is called cognitive functioning
6:32  Doctor: Did you take a COVID test? Icecreamsandwich: Yeah.. Doctor: Do you have COVID?? Icecreamsandwich: No.. Doctor: ....Then I'm not sure what this is..  Sounds about right👍
lol
As someone with ADHD *and* Autism, medications are not the only answer. You need a whole host of things to be productive and do the things you need to do. Therapy is one of them. They can give you an amazing insight on what’s going on and strategies to get more organized.
5:41 what is the name of the bgm here
“Adderall is a gun, but you gotta be able to aim it”
The key is you can’t develop a tolerance, if the dose goes up so do side effects:   by stopping use and taking many days off you’re able to maintain a low effective dose .
i use concerta and the tradeoff is not being able to eat, and getting a watered down vivance effect, do not reccomend
This. This is SO ACCURATE. I've been taking 50mg of Adderall for a long time, and your experience was extremely accurate.
As someone not from USA, usually adderal is banned. I don't know the reason, but i know that in Denmark, we never use it. I have ADHD and i take methylphenidate, or in other words "ritalin" (I couldn't find the direct translation of it, but it's like methylphenidathydrochroride). In Denmark it's almost free so you know that the doctors don't just try to sell something. It have helped me much even though i can hardly "feel" it. It lasts for 10-12 hours and it just clears up the mind. Tasks are generally easier, but you have to get yourself started. Many of my friends take the same thing and it has the same affect on them. I would heavily reccomend it if you feel like nothing is working. The most important thing is just to keep saying "If I just start, then I will be able to finnish it.".
I tried Ritalin, it didn't have a strong enough effect to give me the "ability to ability" thing. I personally didn't notice anything but my parents did, and they noticed it didn't give the desired effect.
The ability to be able sounds really nice…
I have it and the only thing I’ve found helped is establishing habit patterns with locations and consistency. You want to write each day, pick a specific couch cushion, a specific genre of music, and start small. You wanna meditate. Pick a specific time, spot, and practice. You wanna do yoga or go shopping or remember to do your homework, tie these things to locations, music, media, or any other stimuli. You can use operant and classical conditioning to hack your brain and get around the fact that your car burns fuel and drives way to fast.
POLISH PEOPLE ASSEMBLE
POLSKA
My experience with meds as a late-ish diagnosis (early 20s) has been okay, but a bit of a ride.  I take ritalin, and my doc basically told me to take them as needed, my dose is 3 10mg per day, but I rarely take it all, usually 2 are good for work days, 1 for busy weekends, 0 for lazy days and vacations. I really like the options for good and bad brain days  It really helped with executive disfunction, I can start, stay on and end tasks more easily, but I do have to stay aware of the highs and lows to keep productive for long periods. Also internal hyperactivity was a big problem that is really better now. The side effects are minimal (the day you stop can be drowsy, the moment it hits my heart gets a bit fast and high doses decreases my appetite), but I have noticed the emotional dependence - a couple of times I couldn't get a refill and it felt like the world was going to end, a lot of emotional disregulation for a couple of hours. It feels like I won't be able to do anything without the meds. But I am capable, I lived without them 20 years and it was alright. I am working on it. (Not taking them is fine, not having them was bad)  Baseline, meds really helped my work life (and mental state) post college, but are kind like a wild beast.
The unsubscribe joke was funny then I looked over at my subscription button and realized I was unsubscribed for some reason, been following for like a year or two dk how that happened
Being stuck and locked onto whatever task you happened to be pointed at when the meds kick in is SUCH an exact description of my own experience on Vyvanse that it’s kinda wild. I used to make the mistake of doing something for myself in the mornings before work but then I realized if I did, my day would be completely shot. I had chronic fatigue before I started meds so for me, it’s worth it, but everything you described is SO real.  Also, for what it’s worth, ADHD meds (at least the stimulant ones) are one of the few medications you usually CAN just safely decide not to take anymore. The half-life of these meds is quite short, so not everyone will even take them every day.
I always had some issues growing up. I could focus on some tasks, and really struggle with others. But it was never really caught because I did pretty well over all. I managed, even if some simple tasks were an absolute fight because I couldn't get my brain to work without the right stimulation. I think having lots of routine made it easier for me to not having to focus on remembering events or to do things, because it was all part of a routine. Now I'm older and I don't have those same routines anymore, and I've noticed more and more symptoms that have always been there, but just in the background. I manage now as well. But sometimes it's so frustrating and difficult to not understand why I can't just "do" something, and I've begun to wonder what if it doesn't have to be like that? It does feel a bit like "everyone" have ADHD today, and I don't wanna be one who uses "I think I might have adhd" to be special. I can deal with my issues by knowledge and better habits even if I don't get a diagnosis, but maybe it would be easier to accept not to feel guilt for struggling with certain things if I got it checked out. Even just for my own peace of mind
I’m so happy when I see Polish cow meme anywhere cuz I love it and I can understand the lyrics
where can i watch the full cow video
There is no ADHD cure. When I'm in school *it's terrifying,*  when I'm at home I just embrace it.
About the Never Stop Taking Your Meds On Your Own Thing: I once was set on some meds that caused headaches for some reason and it was the weekend so my doctor was not available so I called the pharmacy where they told me they’d look it up and get back to me, which they did within half an hour, and they told me to not take those meds anymore and get in contact with my doctor on Monday. Which I did. So that’s an option in a pinch if you really don’t know what to do
I have ADHD, I used  to take meds, but I stopped taking it for a while, and because I had been taking such a high dose, when I took one again it sped my heart rate up so far that I ended had a panic attack, so I don't take it anymore. Also after all the time of taking it I learned that I wasn't affected by it, it was my brain thinking, "oh now I have the meds I can focus now." so I could focus, I just thought I couldn't without my meds.
TYLKO JEDNO W GŁOWIE MAM !!!
Vyvanse gave me heart palpitations. I had done Ritalin as well when I was younger. I ultimately settled on Concerta, but I stopped taking it when I went to college except for occasionally when I needed to study for finals or had a major research project to do. Now if I take it I find it lasts too long and I won't sleep. I do think I may need to find a shorter release medication sometimes, but since I hate how meds make me feel (Concerta deletes my personality entirely, feels like my IQ increases like 30 point though) I opted to try dietary changes first. I have been carnivore for two months now and that has had considerable positive effects, I have a much easier time staying on task at work. I ate some diner food about a month in and I don't know what was in the eggs (it was a kinda seedy diner) but after that meal I couldn't focus for a week. I am slowly adding things back in to see what it is that's effecting me so much. My suspicion is sugar, grains, and/or seed oils. Might be worth trying that for yourself. It is a very expensive diet but it has also cured my joint pain and I'm building a lot of muscle without lifting so there are lots of positives to it.
There is no medication for procrastination
My kids is ADHD and it was very informative to watch this (and amusing). We tried concerta, which worked wonders, except it made him never hungry, ever. (Bad for growing kid with pre-existing food issues). Hoping to try something else, but for now I am essentially his executive function.
Took pretty strong methylphenidate until i turned 19. Then i quit. I stopped feeling like myself, friends would mention im different without it and that got me thinking. Shortly after i stopped taking them, and oh my fucking god those were the worst like 3-5 weeks. I got NOTHING done. At all. Nada. I had no concentration at all. Now couple years later i feel so much better, more energy, i can eat normally again, short fuse sure but its managable.  This took 30 min to write since i kept looking at snow outside the window.
because i watched this, i think i have ADHD
Doubt you’ll see this but I must admit I’m on 30 mg of adderal myself and it helps yes but I often have a similar issue where if it’s not manual (say learning new stuff without a jump point) I get massively frustrated stuck and then distracted with other things it’s kinda a problem that I think hits me hard but might not in other people situations so all I can say is maybe try to up your dose or try to find some meds that nail down what you need or maybe hybrid meds? Idk
Tried loads of grey market chemicals to get trough school and just general existence when i was younger and idk, everyone around me saw it as some "moral wrong"  Got diagnosed with autism after talking to actual medicine people for way too fuckin long and now I'm kinda mad, so many opportunities for extra 15min in tests in school would have fuckin saved me some shit
ADD person here for me the withdrawal of vyanse is better than the actual active period. IDK whats up with that. There is also a slight shift in personality I dunno.
WOW ive never heard anyone talk about the symptoms and effects of adhd and meds in a way that was perfectly understandable. I remember my experiences with lisdexamphetamine ([legally prescribed] meth) and concerta and the [meth] sent me manic and i didnt sleep for 3 days and the concerta made everything like three times worse and i felt like i was dying i couldnt remember shit or recall words properly it was awful. great side effects to go with my health anxiety :)))) smh my head
The first time I took adderall I was driving home from the pharmacy and it felt like I activated a video game ability my focus narrowed I stopped checking my phone I just drove full attention on the road no constant stream of thoughts distracting me just focus and then I went home and cleaned my room and helped around my moms house and did some homework like its just optimal
Markiplier talks about some specific medication too all the time, and I'm considering trying that one. If you get to it first I'd love to see a video on how that one behaves!
So drug schedules are a relatively new thing in ADHD meds, the thing is if you use the meds everyday you build up tolerances and strange habits. So taking a few days break everyone in a while could be beneficial provided that you are on a low dose talk to your doctor if you want to try it, some doctors might not want to take the risk on the newer research. Also Adderall is like the nuke of ADHD meds, always consult your doctor about starting with the lighter stuff like Ritalin.
p.s  biphentin works good
hello my ADHD brother I got it to
Currently on 6:09 and pretty sure he needs a med that give him both focus on Mental tasks and focus on Physical tasks.
all this video did was confirm that yes I definitely have undiagnosed ADHD
I used to take methylphenidate but now I just take the real thing from the streets. I haven't slept in years
It’s a trase. You’re focused because we limit your ability to wander off but it implies you also get stupid.  Meds don’t fix your organisation, you do.
It is not basicly taking Meth people stop with this nonsense.
I use concerta try that maybe
Me too !
I was diagnosed with aspergers and I remember my mom saying they tried Ritalin but she took me off of it when she said I just wasn't myself anymore and that it had literally transformed me into a "zombie" in her own terms. Few years pass and I don't know what I took but I remember a very similar experience with the new medication I could focus but I also was still very much ME unfortunately it was just a trial as the drug was ludicrously expensive.
Get a sleep study.
What's the cow song? I need it!
Got recommended this because I watch brewstew. Was not disappointed
I can't help but I can't stop thinking about the cow video, I need full version!
i almost started adderall about a year ago, but my insurance threw a hissy fit (i think the most formal diagnosis i have is potentially "mild" ADHD) so i didn't end up starting it. which is probably a good thing because then it occurred to me that as someone who already deals with tachycardia (heart go fast syndrome), taking a stimulant is... probably not the greatest idea in the world, lol.
You have ADHD, in other words you're completely normal.
I have adhd and This video helped me:  https://youtu.be/JsT3KPYJFl4
yea who made math anyway?  so accurate
I no longer care for the rest of the video... I want the cow dancing bit at the beginning.
We should prabobly build an ADHD community
I have adhd but I don’t use meds anymore
im going to use this video to help explain what ADHD feels like, they've never been able to relate but the way this video explains it is so perfect that i know that just showing them this video will be way better than me explaining it. Genounly thank you so much
i legit didtn listen to this videoi because of my adhd
Information. I take Adderall xr. For years.back then they were lest selection.  Meds wont fix everything.  Probably need mix tools to help. Alarms. Planner etc
As someone who went to music school for trumpet, it sounds terrible
Hello my freinds
I’m sorry can you repeat? I started singing polish cow
Ahh yes hyperfixation after medicating is such a pain sometimes
Bruh wait, so all my life thinking not being able to concentrate and  hear all my thoughts speak at once isn't normal? I thought that's how people normally were...
I HAVE ADHD I NEED HELPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111111
Not being ADHD medicated is hell for me I get a very irritating mild burning sensation in my lungs and boy I get teary eyed easily when things get stressful, along with being incredibly mentally unstable Also I can’t be the only one who gets EXTREMELY tired, right?
As someone with ASD & ADHD, I have been on/off of Concerta, Vyvanse, and ADDerall, all in varying doses.
i had to try to force myself to not go to the polish cow video for the entire length of this video edit: fuck it ill come back later
I used to take Adderall for my adhd as well, it was fine for a while until I started to become very anxious to the point I was almost having panic attacks at school, I told my doc and she prescribed me another medication that I don’t remember but I stopped taking them because they just absolutely didn’t work🌝 might try again now that im older
I was literally watching a translated polish cow video before this and I’m scared now are you stalking me
Instructions unclear. I accidentally subscribed again 🙃
Adderall works for me. But I don't need it for distractibility, though it did help with that. I need it for awareness. Without it, I live more in my own mind than in reality. It's not that the world is less "real" feeling, but more like my internal monologue never shut up. Imagine going through life with a narrator that talks over everyone and everything. With adderall, I still have a pretty talkative internal monologue, but now it (usually) takes its turn, and more often than not talks about what's going on outside my own head. Tends to repeat what people say, for example, which helps me remember things. The downside is that it makes creativity, self awareness, and time perception kinda "tuned out". Like it's still there, but it's background noise, so I have to have an external representation of something to be able to focus on anything introspective.
Well explained
ironically, i've been trying to watch this video for the past few days and i keep getting distracted.
The animation at the start of the five people is the most accurate example of adhd
As someone who also has ADHD and has taken meds for it, I can relate to your struggles with side effects. I started taking medication in like 1st grade and continued with it all throughout elementary school. I forget what I took but I know it was a stimulant. I also experienced getting focused on the wrong tasks, but for some reason for me, that task always involved picking at things. I would mainly pick at my skin, hair, and even eyelashes. I would literally just pick at my hair all day long, and it got so bad that I actually started balding in some places on my head. the front of my head only had baby hairs for a while, and I had to get weird-looking bangs to cover it. I also would sometimes pick my eyelashes so much to the point where it was noticeable, and I would be so embarrassed when people asked me what happened to them. Eventually, when I got to 6th grade I wanted to take a break from medication during a sports season (the medication also made me very tired and it was hard to play sports) and after a while, I just stopped picking at things so much. I honestly didn't even connect my weird picking addiction to medication before that point, which I feel super dumb about now. but after taking a break from them I just noticed not only was I not picking things anymore, but I was also just feeling better all around, so I convinced my parents to take me off medication for good. I've only experimented with medication once since then (it went pretty much the same) but I have never really taken any medication seriously since. I truly believe that I am a much happier and healthier person off medication, or at least stimulant ADHD medication. I hate to bash medication because it can work really well for some people, but I guess the moral of the story is, if you are taking medication for the first time, do not disregard the side effects and know when they outweigh the benefits.
Just quickly, while Vyvanse does work slightly differently from adderol, it is still an amphetamine based stimulant, part of the same class of drugs and ultimately similar to Adderal, Ritalin, Dexedrine, etc.  With that out of the way, I had a similar problem with stimulant medications, where I could focus, but could just as easily focus on entirely the wrong thing and blow the whole day. What ended up working for me was actually a mix of 2 different meds. Adderal, which as a stimulant, allowed me to maintain focus. But the critical discovery was finding that I could take it in conjunction with another medication called Guanfacine, which is an alpha2A agonist, and allowed me to more easily direct my focus (basically, the stimulant quiets down the overactive back half of the adhd brain, and the a2A agonist "stimulates" the underactive front part of the brain, responsible for executive function.)   While this combination worked really well for me in terms of actually getting things done, it was ultimately unsustainqble, as after about 2 or 3 months of continuous use, I would start having unmanageable physical side effects (one of the potential side effects of guanfacine is a motor control issue in the muscles of the tongue and throat, so I would have trouble swallowing and eventually would start waking up in the middle of the night, choking on my own tongue.. no fun.)   So now I am unmedicated and as unproductive as ever lol.
As someone with unmedicated adhd (by choice) this video hits home. Most days if i need to do something and i don’t have the immediate time to do it i’ll say “i’ll do it later,” but that just means i’ll forget. My parents tried getting me on a few meds when i was young but i was a walking zombie when on them, i’ve grown up learning to work with and around my adhd and not having to rely on medicine to chemically change who i am is freeing. Not saying that taking meds is bad tho if it works for you i’m happy :)
POLISH COW!!!
1:16 How did you know what the inside of my head looked like?
This really highlights what my psych doctors always made a point to emphasize. Not every med works for everyone, let alone to the same degree or in the same fashion. It was always really heavily impressed upon me that it could take a good amount of time to find the meds and dosages that would work for me. A few people get lucky and the first medicine they try works like a charm. But SO MANY MORE do not get that lucky, and have to try a ton of different meds at different dosages and in different combinations. The big important part is to keep trying new approaches until you find what's right. Don't just give up because the first thing didn't work. You just need something different, and that's ok.
I have ADHD without meds and I have it to where I can ONLY do mental things properly and visual but if I want to take a shower I can't bring myself too (this is happening right now)
ADHD is like this in my opinion. One sheep, two sheep, cow, turtle, old McDonald had a farm, HEY  MACARENA!
did anyone else pause on the list of medications just to find the one you take and be like "haha that's mine"
https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA here's the 🐄
That dancing cow video made it take 2 tries to watch this video... Did you purposefully place a trigger in your video lol?
Anyone know wht track the cow is dancing in the beginning?
THE DOPAMINE!! I can't, as someone with ADHD, I cant
Have you tried weed?
I tried Concerta for a while, it was weird my brain went from loud and everything ever all at once to like just like one thing at a time,   Like it feels almost like you are un a crowded room full of people talking, and you can't really hear anyone's conversation fully so it's just bits and pieces, but then you take the medication and it's just one guy in the room talking about whatever.   Either way it didn't work out for me, it made me very very dizzy and kind of shatters my perception and thought process whenever I would take it
I need to get tested for ADHD
anyone else feel like the volume is like too low? i cant hear the video and i have max volume
Concerta works for me but I have ADD.
My drugs for ADHD were bad for me I had a really bad experience with them. I mean part of the problem was my school (f you Mr. Brown) tried to force it on me and the effect on me basically fucked my ability to remember things like an entire month of my life is just gone like it's this white fuzzy nothing in the back of my head. Only after I stopped taking them did I feel like a person again like I felt like a zombie that was cured so I stopped. I now also have a phobia about pills of all shapes so thats a thing.
Just BTW dont mess around if you feel out of breath all the time while on ADHD medication. Most ADHD medication is a stimulant, which has a very real chance to effect your heart because it usually makes it beat faster. If its too fast it is called Tachycardia, which is not healthy for long periods of time. Breathlessness can be a sign that your heart is not pumping blood efficiently.
If you think it's interesting wait till you smoke some weed get really stoned lol
I was diagnosed ADD and medicated when I was a kid, then I was a dumb kid and stopped, and now as a 32yo, I got retested to get medicated again because it's gotten out of control and will have to wait at least a month for just results after waiting like a year to even get tested. I'm ok with taking meth. I've already been using THC to handle my ADD and anxiety and that only had a side effect of feeling like death for a week when I had to detox for the test.  This video came at the right time. The closer I get to being remediated makes me more and more curious about different results others with ADD have had.   Also your description of what having ADD is like was so painfully accurate. Bravo.
I am, at this point, questioning my diagnosis. I've always been able to focus on things, just, only things I was interested in… I started questioning if I have a form of autism and I want to go back for another psycho analysis.
I had a very similar experience and am currently also sitting back at step one.  :\
lisdexamfetamine sucks felt like my intestines were being twisted around and the mood swings were so violent for me
Try not eating sugar it seems to help
the song at 0:07 and 0:12 means  The only thing in my head Is five grams of cocaine, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in  The only thing in my head Is five grams of cocaine, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in  yes that is the song im not kidding
The only thing un my head is 5 grams of co- HAMMER
Heres somethin SUPER fun Adhd with ✨Depression✨
Hey! I take some cool ADHD meds and they work for me! But uh- he are side effects that I didn’t know abt but I’m telling in my best vocab :)  (These just are my things I experience maybe it won’t happen with you)  *Effect things - appetite = gone until like 6 hours later, force yourself to eat.  - brain = your mind is now clear and it’s weird - uh sometimes you just zone out not thinking abt anything    GOOD effects! - you can now do thing very quickly without thinking.. like at all.. - you wake up earlier?? That’s all I think  The name is… JORNAY  you gotta take it at a specific time, and only at night before bed! I take mines a 9pm but maybe 8pm for some ppl
as someone who was diagnosed as an adult (additionally as a woman) with the hyperactive type of ADHD, Adderall has worked the best for me in terms of focus and not running into most side effects regarding my sleep and/or feeling way too wired. Concerta was the first that i personally tried & while it did work, for the first and last hour i would get extremely drowsy which is a major problem as i take my meds right when i wake up and before i had to get to class. However if you have no where to go, it would be perfect to keep taking. With adderall i do get a lot done and my focus is pretty okay, i'm better off on it as it also regulates my mood and energy pretty well. THe way you describe the ability to just DO whilst on them is so accurate because now i realize off of my meds there were just days i would stare into the void, lost to my thoughts for HOURS, or like my fidgeting would get so bad and my energy would spike so high i felt like i could run a mile one moment and then feel exhausted the next or either feeling could last for hours back to back. it's so refreshing to see someone talk about this so openly and with experiences that are so accurate. Honestly though, ADHD is a wild ride for all those who have it.
they bounced me around on all kinds of stuff. now I just smoke pot
Ok, but where can I find the cow video?
and now i wanna try the meds, fuck
Adderall XR isnt Ideal, so I tried several other meds and they all kinda sucked after a while. so I'm back with that and just take it as I need it.
It’s a struggle sometimes I’m now a senior and cuz I couldn’t focus in school I have to retake classes before graduation
Please Mr. Sandwich, I must know. Go to your no more sports video and tell me, if it exists, the name of the peaceful song used at the end. I have scoured the comments of that video and none of them mention it.
If any of yall need help with focus a way to help is mint tea been drinking it for a year and I'm adhd and it helps
The face when the doctor said, “So I’m not sure what this is” was ridiculously relatable.  So is symptom denial. I’ve been there, man. Just so desperate to find a medicine that finally works.
Okay, but the medicine capsule arriving in the brain and seeing the poor guy in charge slayed me. 😭😂🤣🤣🤣
Yeah be very careful about stopping certain medications, some meds need to be tapered off slowly or the real bad can happen.
3rd family try concerta it is life changing for me I tried vivance made me angry I tried a different family didn't work right but concerta hits different yes it's in the meth family but it's a prescribed dose and they know what's up
ngl... every time I hear people talk about adhd.... Im like 95% sure I have adhd...  the only reason I didnt get diagnosed as a kid was I was quiet... my brother who was... louder? I guess ill say, was diagnosed with adhd and autism, but since I was quiet and "gifted" I ant have anything wrong with me, hahahaha
I, a high schooler with ADHD, found myself doing homework with this video about ADHD in my ear the entire time, causing me to not be able to focus on the homework
I take vivaince (misspelled) and I feel this
Literally couldn't describe adderall and vyvanse better myself. I didn't have super serve shortness of breath, but it was there for both. I can't afford health insurance and am unmedicated now. Can't get anything done and will probably be homeless by the end of the year since I have taken on a lot of my father's debt since he passed away and the thin rope I've been holding onto to stay afloat is slipping between my fingers at a moderate pace. Soooooo... yeah, fun times ahead!
the fact im doing online school rn and i just realized im watching this
Existence is debilitating without meds, for me.. Maybe if I didn’t have to worry about anything other than surviving, I would be fine. But the way the world is right now, I can hardly make myself wake up in the mornings. 🙃🥲
I was on a ADHD medicine that was supposed to help me focus. all it did for me was make me not eat anything. I ended up eating on average maybe a few hundred calories a day and got skinny. I decided to stop taking the medicine because all it did was make me lose weight.
Unsubbed, I hope YouTube keeps recomendong me your videos so I can resub whenever the next one comes out :'v
That song slaps tho why did u do that to him
Nah heck that. If your new medication is making you have unbearable symptoms. You should stop talking it 💀💀
Thank goodness not everyone with adhd is this useless
That's what happens when you take amphetamines
Hi
Don't forget to unsubscribe... WAIT!
I’ve been on Vyvanse for about a year now and it’s been very helpful for me, although I agree that sometimes it’s easy to get caught up in things that aren’t important.
I've taken pretty much all of the medicines available for ADHD, except for Adderall but I'm not sure if I just don't notice anything about me enough or if most of them didn't make a difference that I could feel. I had very negative effects to a couple of them and one made me lose my appetite while it was active, but it worked... I just wouldn't have any food until dinner time while being a high school student with sports everyday after school while also having a history of fainting from lack of water and nutrients from being forgetful.  It's interesting to see how medication is for others, though I find being active and having proper support is best for me.
*2*  *+*  *2*  *=*  *4*
I'm one federal for my 3rd week now, and so far, it's given me the ability to focus, but that's about it.
this sums up my life with ADHD pretty well. Can comfirm this man is a certified ADHD club member
Funny that your friend calls adderall "meth" because Vyvanse is just a prodrug for a type of amphetamine already inside Adderall (one of Adderall's ingredients is dextroamphetamine, vyvanse is "lisdexamfetamine" - it's a prodrug for dextroamphetamine). It will affect you differently 100%, but I'd say both are equally meth-like. Because Vyvanse is a prodrug, though, it has to be processed by your liver which makes it slower acting.
Meds taught me what is and isn't in my control. I tried a lot of them, and by senior year in high school, i just quit. I started working, living, completing my normal chores. Evenrually, i had it pretty much handled. I didn't feel stunted, distracted, or impeeded. I just, did. Not effectively or as efficiently as I hoped, but when i took matters inro my own hands, getting distracted wasn't a terrifying prospect to run away from. I caught myselft, reeeled in, and refocussed..  Then, i discovered alcohol and drugs. Which made that worse. So. If you have adhd don't get high and only get drunk once you've completed your tasks for the day. Otherwise, if youre like me, youll get hypersensitive to little changes in your body and fucking lose it.
It's interesting to hear about the effects of medication on people who have ADHD, since I have ADD it's interesting to relate to a lot of the issues, but at the same time there are many things that aren't relatable like the reason for taking meds. For me personally, a lot of the issue is not being productive. I can 100% focus, and it's easy to focus on multiple things, but the issue is the lack of willingness to perform the task. So in my case Adderall was a quick and easy solution. At first I tried Concerta which according to some people made me really moody.
"Don't forget to Unsubscribe" had me laughing
i find i naturally procrastinate on everything, i do ok still but at the cost of alot of stress and sleep from doing things last minute. due to less sleep tho im to tired to be super hyper and squirrely. i haven't tried any medication since on a whole my life is fine and ive kinda just gotten use to it
As someone with ADHD, yeah no this sounds about right. I did try vyvanse for a while and it just made several other issues I have significantly more prominent. Now I’m on some new meds, that I think kinda work. But if I forget to take them for a day or two, I basically go thru withdrawal and get an AWFUL migraine and vomit a few times. It’s great 🙃
Ritalin, aterol, meth amphetamine (legal not the stuff made on the street) as well as a patch to put on your leg, and finally vyvance for the rest if middle school and the rest of highschool. Now vyvance no longer works as intended and instead functions as a aphrodisiac. Thankfully I got off of them 9 years ago after graduating highschool and am frankly happier but still having issues in my life. Still better then the deppression after the artificial inspiration expired as the pills left my system for the day before I had to take them again the morning after.
Comparing adderall to meth is quite silly, also vyvanse metabolises into the same drug as adderall it just limits it and extends it.
I couldn’t tell you the amount of times I just get hyper fixated on 1 thing for hours and end up down a few of the many rabbit holes of the internet
The same thing happened to me with Vyvanse, but with more adverse side effects. I was desperate to take it because it was helping me focus (and the way you described how it makes you focus describes my experience perfectly), and waited till things got too ick after being in denial about the symptoms.   Basically the meds did not click with my heart condition lmao. I wasn't prescribed Vyvanse specifically for adhd though
God, Meds don't work for me. I've never found a med in my twelve years of being diagnosed with ADHD. Strattera made me throw up everyday, Focalin caused me to manically pick at my hair, Adderall did the same thing that you said the last pill did to you to me, and vivance gave me violent mood swings.
As someone who refuses to take meds, I just stopped trying to function like everyone else and instead function how "I" need to in order to succeed at anything. I write everything down, follow the instructions I created, break large tasks down into smaller sub-tasks, arrange my office, room, phone and even my desktop folders in a way that makes the task at hand hard to ignore and even multiple alarms to set deadlines for each task and to limit social media and TV/youtube time(there are settings for both btw). And I now perform work better than my coworkers(and I have the statistics to prove it) and I'm significantly less stressed and feel like my life is together. Everyone is different but if you can find a way to work WITH your ADHD, you can turn your weakness into a super power. I can even learn things faster that those around me by sticking to what works for me.
me watching this while working while procrastinating while drilling holes in a 3d print. wait reverse order. ah ull get it (if someone actually reads this). in that case, oh hi mark. where was i? oh right i wanted to comment on this video, uhhh oh yes i just had a stroke laughing having an earworm from the trumpets now. and i wanna see the video of the cow. bye.
Honestly, it’s all about finding the right meds. Though that’s a rabbit hole in itself so…GOOD LUCK!
I take dextroamphetamine for my ADHD, it definitly helps my focus. one of the side effects though is it decreses appetite. if your someone like me, means that you may go an entire day without eating. you just have to work through that though. also if you dont eat enough you may have dizzy spells whenever you stretch or get up.
i have ADD and i really need to get back on the meds i had as a kid it caused headaches but i could focus and actually complete my tasks instead of getting stuck in lala land or staring at anything that moves outside
I didn't the medicated DLC. Also my thoughts pile up all the time. I ain't got no medicine. I have ok grades surprisingly
I take vyvanse. Imma be real redirecting myself was a major hurdle. And yeah, side effects are common. I got lucky 😌. But uh, learning how to redirect yourself is a lowkey really important and often overlooked skill. My adhd kinda encouraged me to let whatever direct my focus. Like a leaf flying through the wind, i really had no control because i knew my brain would 404 focus not found anyway. On medication, i had to learn how to do what normal not incredibly impulsive people do, PRIORITIZE AND KEEP YOURSELF ACCOUNTABLE. it wasn't easy, but i figured it out, and honestly, there's no guide or Kindle ebook explaining it. Learning to prioritize tasks and keep yourself accountable is a skill, much like drawing or arithmetic. It's a learned process anyone with time and patience can learn if they take the time to.
DUDE I'm the same way! I'm on Vyvanse!! It's night and day between when I take it and don't take it, I can actually get stuff done when the time calls for it
_Subscription added Subscription removed_
Sometimes it's better to get off meds than anything else. They can help, but you do NOT want to become reliant on it... things go bad quick if you (like you said as a warning) stop taking them [cold turkey](and you wouldn't want to eat a cold turkey {meaning real and uncooked} now would you? No... the answer is "no").
I’ve never had ADHD medication
Oh geez. Vyvanse is starting to act up like that for me... well it already has. And what it does is scary, like one minute I'll be completely fine, the next my heart rate would go up by a lot.  But that's my experience with it.
STOP this is just such a good and relatable way of explaining how it feels
I can say as a ADHD person my self witch is still not conform I have a lot of the same stuff happening to me
as someone with unmediated adhd i can say that a app like twitter but just pictures would be interesting
WHATS THE BEGINNING VIDEO
Man I wish I was able
I just wanna be normal dood.
Relatable😂
So do you plan to try anything else or are you just done trying meds all together?
For me, Adderall was great at first. I finally didn't have perpetual background music with 3 lines of thought occurring concurrently, and could actually sit and study for a good amount of time without feeling pain for the first time in my life. Now though it's a bit of a coin flip, I really don't take it daily so maybe that is the problem, but in general it works, just not to the same extent it used to. I'm able to study a bit but nowhere near as much as I need to, and I eventually will lose focus at work, even though it's very interesting to me. Randomly though I'll get bursts of good focus. I think I just need to start working out again, I've been lazy as sin.
I have been unmedicated for adhd my entire life, and while it is incredibly difficult to complete tasks, I’m not sure I’d ever want to try meds. And surprisingly my psych mentioned that he didn’t really want to start me on them unless I considered it dire.  Good on you for trying!
I don't really have an active internal monologue, so it was really interesting to hear what yours sounds like. It makes me almost just want an hour long recording of other people's internal monologue so I can experience what it's like to have thoughts talking to you. It's definitely a blessing though because I can fall asleep in like 5 minutes without thoughts keeping me up, just blissful head empty when I'm not actively trying to think.
baby meth, performance allowing drugs, brain suppressors. I started off with adderall for a couple years and was on a fairly high dose, was able to function pretty well but got angrier more often and had BP/heart rate issues. tried ritalin for a month, didn't get anything out of it, then started taking focalin. focalin has been a solid balance for me, no major side effects, no issues sleeping or getting overly stressed, and I'm able to focus enough to get stuff done, and still be able to swap tasks if necessary. as someone who didn't start taking my diagnosis seriously until I was 27, I definitely recommend trying at least a few more medications to find one that clicks for you. untreated adhd is 100% bullshit all day every day lol
Methylphenidate works great for me :^
yep that like mine adhd brain
i have adhd and taken adderal, i wrote a 5 page essay within an hour
I was on concerta for a short time, and OH BOY did it give me mood swings.  I would cry over nothing and then when my friends approached me _(cause you know- If a friend is crying - you want to comfort them)_ I would get really angry and yell at them for it.... It was awful.  The next med I tried -that I can't remember the name of- were very helpful. They made me able to both do things AND focus - however, every few hours or so, I would get muscle spasms in my cheeks that would cause me to yawn, over and over and over again.   Just rapid yawning every ten-ish seconds for almost half an hour, every few hours. I even got those yawn attacks while I was talking. It felt like someone physically pushed my mouth open to a point where my eyes would start to water.   Even though the meds worked great - in my opinion -, my doctor did not like the yawn attacks.  The one I have been on for the past seven years works great too, but only when I have something to do. It's super hard to relax, and my heart feels like it's beating more _(but it actually is not - cause I have monitored it and my bpm literally does not change - it is at a consistent 61)_ but feeling and hearing my heart is really annoying and makes me feel stressed even when I don't have anything to be stressed about.  And it also makes me unable to feel hunger.  I can hear my stomach growling and I can feel my energy dropping, but I cannot feel the hunger itself, which is both really good and really bad.  It's interesting how different meds give different side effects.
👁️👄👁️
I remember I stopped taking ritalin for like 4 months during my senior year, and had to do this huge project that I had not done at all, so I took my meds just to do it. the best way I can describe it is instead of (lwjibfvjwbdljknevbaingljekrbgiengipuebrgpiadnblkgjhjewbikvg)  it was (figure this out)   also ritalin increases my heart rate to in the 100s so I haven't taken them since graduation.
I take meds for my ADHD and if I miss a day it’s okay, it makes me so hyper that it calms me down so on days that I don’t take them I just kinda act looney 😂 but they definitely help for school and such
As a person with ADHD, some of the stuff here seems like a dream come true
when i first got diagnosed with adhd i was put on vyvanse and it was a really low dose cause like it was my first time having prescription meds so yeah. and long story short the process required to take my meds every day was very long and arbitrary and convoluted which is like the exact opposite of what i needed, like, thats what i struggle with the meds were sposed to fix it, but to acquire my meds i have to endure that? impossible /hj. so i only took my meds for like 2 weeks and i didnt notice a change so the second (and so far final) time i talked to my psychiatrist we upped the dosage but it still did nothing for me even though i was like doing better at taking them, so i just stopped. and my geometry teacher also has adhd, she personally recommends adderall as it works for her and her entire family but i kinda dont like my psychiatrist and dont wanna talk to him so its back to unmedicated adhd babyyyy
ADHD music has helped me the one with the red background and a ship. Its on youtube And It makes me heavy focus on my tasks Its like my brain craves doing a thing super weird no idea why it works.
I started on focalin, then went to concerta. with those ritalin based meds what i got was heart palpitations, even more need to just DO something but absolutely no increased ability to do it, and crashes after it wore off that lasted hours. when i switched to adderall, i still had the heart palpitations (theyre all stimulants after all) but I also now will be like well. I need to send that email. and then i just write and send it instead of pissing my life away fucking around doing nothing for 5 hours between thinking about sending the email and sending it. Meth is great (for me).
I had ADHD growing up and when they diagnosed me, they immediately put me on adderall.  I was laser focused all the time. I had no issues completing tasks, doing work, studying; however, I was also practically a zombie. I had no social skills to speak of. I barely talked to anyone, or did anything outside of that. I lost passion in most of my hobbies and started on to a slope of depression, which is really rough when you're only ten.  They took me off it and never put me back on anything else. I've learned to cope with it over the years for the most part, but lately I've been thinking about speaking to my psych or doctor about looking back into it. Getting older has brought out a lot of the old symptoms again. I absolutely feel everything you talked about lol.
The dopamine in control was a great visual
Your Vyvanse experience sounds exactly like my usual life experience (I’m currently unmediated)
Adderall is not meth. Like really, it's not. It's in the same family of drugs, but that doesn't mean anything like what you're suggesting, so don't suggest it.
i need a full version of that cow video
why do i relate to this?
Adderall for me was like. Everything Is Happening All The Time And I Should Be Screaming But Instead I Am Doing Dishes. like there was so much anxiety and energy building up but I couldn't do anything with it, and I didn't CARE. I'm on Concerta now and there are Less Things Happening. I still get overstimulated by existing, but now I can cry and stim and get out all the itchiness. I quite like it.
My pharmacies suck.  They like to give you generic medicine that doesn't work. Or it will work but barely.  The real shit works amazing but they don't give a shit.
Just a fun little thing over here, have you asked about Ritalin. Idk for some people it works the same as adderall but for some it works better/different, you could talk to your doctor about it cuz that’s always the best thing to do. (Also I’m saying this with a lifetime of taking differing drugs for my adhd)
Concerta helped me the most and i did have the aderrall and it suckd
I smoke weed, can't go to a doctor, and I'm surprisingly productive with it, until I'm not, then I just have a good time
the first meds I ever took was like, guanfacene I think, and it worked great for a bit- but after a day or two my blood pressure hit rock bottom and I had to drink a lot of salts for a while and edge off the meds in case my blood pressure spiked instead- I'm taking a med now that worked great for my mom (she has ADHD too) and it's working great for me! Word of advice, if someone in your family has ADHD as well, whatever works for them is likely to work for you!
Stopping your meds when you have adverse reactions is not a bad thing to do. Especially if its not to treat something that could be potentially life threatening. Weird take at the end decent video otherwise. Really sums up what it means to have ADHD
I was diagnosed in middle school with adhd. Couldn't focus, antsy, constsntly thinking about other things than task at hand, etc.  Started on Concerta.  First week was a little more melow than normal. Great, I can sit in boring rooms all day. By the 3rd week, I remember my mornings like always, but the days just -went by- and I was home with homework that I couldn't figure out how to do some of the time. Like what we learned that day I didn't retain at all. Tldr, I stopped taking the meds and refused to try others and just dealt with it. I do pretty well now im older, but I procrastinate really badly. 🙃  I do wonder if it was that I was just being a kid. Cause sitting in concrete rooms with lectures all day sounds like so much fun......
Hehe, the fun experience of ADHD meds. Thankfully me and my doctor found some that worked for me, but I still have bad experiences because it takes so long just to search for somewhere that has it when I need a refill.
Try weed.
I think the polish cow song is his new favourite song
wait i get those out of breath moments and im on adhd meds. uh.
ADHD Medication has the highest efficacy of any psychiatric medication we have - but the solution is not just medication. I have adhd and learning how and why my adhd affects me the way it does helped so much! I still need and benefit from my meds, but I don't know that they'd work that well without understanding what ADHD is and how it works. Look into the lectures of Dr Russell Barkley - he talks about how the way you manage tasks and tackle problems needs to be different than people without ADHD in addition to medication.
For me, caffeine helps but isn't a full solution. Granted, I don't drink coffee or anything, just strong tea. Lots of tea.
I made an appointment with a psychiatrist after years of going to therapy and trying to manage my symptoms by myself. I‘ve gotten pretty good at understanding my brain, developing good habits and most importantly, noticing the moments in which I‘m more capable of doing things and using those. I‘m also using caffeine to self medicate which has helped me so much but the downside is it‘s not very reliable (some days I barely feel it, others I get heart palpitations and anxiety). But overall, caffeine is a huge help. I still wanna talk to this doctor and maybe try some meds to see if they work better for me but I‘m honestly scared that they won‘t work cuz then it feels like my last resort is gone. :/
Never been diagnosed   But my brain is speedb  I am him
Hi, I work in the Behavioural Health field. If you can convince your psychiatrist, I recommend everyone ask if they can take a GENESIGHT or similar test. It's just a cheek swab and the lab will compare your DNA and make a really handy dandy list of common Mental Illness related meds that are more likely or less likely to treat you effectively, mainly ADHD meds, Anti-depressants, and anti-psychotics, but also some interesting information (Like how well your body metabolizes) that will help not only your psychiatrist narrow down meds for you to cycle through until you find what you need, but also future doctor visits for non-behavioural health medication management. Also, new meds are coming out all the time that don't always get TV spots so it's good to be honest about your issues and concerns early with your med management system, about this time last year a non-stimulant ADHD med developed for children was starting to hit the market. It's not approved for adults yet, but the implication that this could help people with heart issues/addicts is there and it's exciting.
I feel like another thing people don't understand about ADHD with meds (in my personal experience) ADHD doesn't only affect work skills but also social skills. With meds, I'm not as antsy and I can focus and work well, but I still struggle with social cues and changing behavioral habits. A lot of the time I am hyper-aware of people's reactions to my behaviors, I know when I am doing something that bothers someone but I struggle to change the behavior because often times it's a habit that I've developed to mask other parts of my ADHD.
Littery been hath on and hath off attention of this video... adhd is great at times
P O L I S H C O W
I take concerta. For me, it's a balance of Vyvanse and Adderall.
man adhd sucks. i take focalin and i just dont . eat ever,, in the day ill eat like nothing and at night ill become shrimp god monster,,.... its a difficult thing to live with. my thought process is just boyoyoyoing zip zowie boom bang pow or bllhhfffrrbgh or both at once . my diet is just really messed up because of my meds unfortunatelt :( a while ago after having been diagnosed with adhd since i was like 9 i realized that there are also a lot of other symptoms that are not just "woah haha what is that" and actually explained some of my behavior ,, like "hey wait theres a reason why i act stupid like this and im not jst a horrible person" . its certainly an experience and nto one id like to live with but thats just how it is ... but its nice to know that there are way more people out there with adhd than i originally though t .
imo some people with ADHD can live with meds but some can’t. and some people’s biology works differently/better with certain meds than others. it needs to be recognized more that not all ADHD is the same level of severity nor does it always ‘behave’ quite the same  no matter whether you take meds or which ones you try though, the most helpful thing is to research a TON about ADHD and how it works- and be very aware of the brutal truth that what works as motivation for others simply won’t ever consistently work for you. and on the other hand, things that mean nothing to other people might unexpectedly be motivating for you, like changing the room you’re in, adjusting the lighting/temperature, or reading your textbook out loud theatrically etc. finding a way to convince yourself there’s SOMETHING cool/interesting/fashionable/deep (to you personally) about the things you actually need to do is super helpful, especially with mitigating the common med side effect of hyperfixation on the wrong task. Your meds will actually work better in combination with research/therapy/general awareness
I was diagnosed as a child and around high school i decided to stop taking meds. (adderall) It's been many many years since then and I've figured out how to game myself into work. Pretty much all i do is make a list of things I need to do. a reasonable list. like 5 things. I have a list on my computer screen of things I can do and then a slightly different list on a notepad/planner that I always walk around with. That way if im ever distracted I can audibly ask myself "what do i need to do" or "what should I be doing" and I'll read one of the checklists and work on that. Then When its done I can check one of the things. It's liek gamification of work! Usually if i stay on task I can work fast enough to get some things done and then I can relax and let my mind run free for a little bit.
Same Bro
FYI, Adderall is very different from street meth. Hell, there's a prescription for methamphetamine and that's pretty different from street meth (much harder to get high on meth). Also, you were on the lowest dose of Adderall. My bet is you needed a higher dose. And therapy, cause you've never had dopamine before so you don't know how to use it. Therapy teaches that skill.
Literally me
(https://youtu.be/kJ7jN5iNAWs) Or (The Pizza Topping Video)  You should do spaghetti on pizza
Hi ice cream sandwich me got adhd too have been medicated
was that hammer nail the start of the metal pipe sound??
I got diagnosed and put on med when I was 8, got taken off them pretty damn quick cause they were making me, an at the time EIGHT YEAR OLD CHILD, suicidal, sooooo I'm kinda just scared of taking meds now, one bad experience to make me deathly afraid of adhd meds so I never wanna take em even if they're different from the ones I took back then :/
I was praying there was a glowing fix all at the end of this, but the animation kept me very entertained. So, thank you.
Have anyone try to embrace adhd?
I’ve been on vyvanse since elementary school. And I have some advice: For the out of breath feeling: Lower your dose. I had that issue when I went from 60mg-70mg so I went back to 60.  For hyper focusing on the wrong thing: it takes a lot of practicing pulling away. It helps having strict deadlines.
Thanks for reminding me
Gods above, I’m never going back to Adderal, shit made me the angriest little gremlin ever and I hated every minute of it I’m so glad I wasn’t the only one who had a bad experience with it, also it’s literally just legal meth. Who’s the wise guy who thought it’s a good idea to give teenagers METH for their adhd?!
i have adhd, i use stratera, its an even more slow burn than vyvanse. it takes about a week to kick in since its a hormonal regulator. its weird i don't notice the medicine is working until i run out . without it i get really bad brain fog which makes it really hard to do anything. but it helps me maybe you should talk to your psych about it.
I got distracted halfway through this video and had to start it over again lol
I took my vyvanse for college one day, then spent 12 hours sorting a Minecraft storage system, that wasn’t mine
I want the song in the beginning
I got ADD diagnosed age 6 recently got prescribed Adderall age 18 and holy shit it's a miracle drug
0:01 yup that's me
Holy crap I know this so well having adhd pandas and a bunch of other stuff I tried adderal and I had the same exact expierience
Ah the modern Disease spread by the Internet and fed by the pharma industry.
Vyvance is… interesting… to say the least   I’ve been on it for nearly 5 years so I’d say it’s working for me since the only major drawback I have found is a lack of appetite and shortness of breath in the morning
Thank you so, SO much for making this.  I've been on adderall for years, and it worked great when I was young, but is all but useless now that I'm back in college. I couldn't put into words why, it just... Didn't. Your notes on how it only helped with physical tasks is something I hadn't caught onto. Adderall helps me clean my room, not write my papers. Now I know!
Had the same problem with ADD, the only thing I got from it was the feeling and mindset you get from on the meds. Now I focus on making the environment suitable for that frame of mind and take time to plan things out beforehand, prioritize and that do it.
Ok. *unsubscribes*
dude's funny, ngl
I’m diagnosed with ADHD and I’m not medicated but I was with atomoxetine, it did absolutely nothing on me BUT it did give me incredibly lots of sleep and bellyaches so horrible I had to stop, breathe, let it happen and then when it stopped, I continued doing whatever I was doing before, I did (as this video, and I advise) stop taking it just because I felt too bad, and well now I’m managing better using stuff like reminders but time to time I get distracted by something I have a special interest on, like phonetics, but that’s a different matter as I also have an autism diagnosis so, yeah, take medication the way it’s indicated and tell your psych whatever weird stuff happens
OMGEEEE SOOOO QUIRKYYY 🤪🤪🤪🤪
if anyone was interested in the cow video playing in the beginning, well. Here it is. It's a weird song made by some weird polish meme community about 5g of cocaine and going to the realm of unremembrance.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pIpi1HDEhU
why is the volume so low
The trumpets in the brain scene was perfect. 5 me's all contemplating the same question.  Also I play trumpet as well so trumpet noises literally go off in my brain all the time with all kinds of background music.
What's with the Polish rap! 🤣
I was diagnosed in adulthood and I understand completely. I've only ever tried adderal, and now that you phrase it that way, man that's an interesting way to put it. It gives motivation/energy, but not the power to focus that always.   Then again I take an insane amount of adderall so my experience may differ.
My brother has the same issue that you do and when he was on a mix between Concerta and Ridellan, he was doing really great with that but everyone’s different 😊
I'm increasingly convinced that ADHD and similar conditions are actually just various types of perfectly functional brains that are being subjected to a suboptimal environment for their particular characteristics, and that medication is essentially like trying to hammer in a phillips head screw with a glass bottle. Like, it works, sometimes, I guess? But it's completely missing the real issue; the brain is working fine, it's the narrow focus of society that is what's wrong.
As a person with ADHD my medication is super important because I cannot function without it. When my pill wears off I lose the ability to just control what I do and I end up doing things but it feels like a blur after i calm down and regret everything I just did. But I hate how when Walgreens takes forever to get my pills in especially my recommended dose for my age, and I have to take a lower dose. Then it feels like my adhd is just less all over the place but I still feel like I haven’t taken my pill. That’s why rn I want my recommended dose because it helps me so much more. Though my mom says my mood is better on the less dose than the dose I’m supposed to take and I’m not so mean
You go to study... Now is a good time to deep clean my room !
have you tried NOT having ADHD
What's the name of that song in the intro?
Polish cow😂
Vyvanse = lisdexamfetamine dimesylate. It's in impressive show of ignorance to say Adderall is basically meth but Vyvanse isn't. I've also been on Vyvanse, and currently on Adderall. I describe Vyvanse like Adderall, but on all the steroids. Hopefully you're more fortunate than me and live in a place with decent mental health services so you can figure this out. I know I'm not alone here, but I have to resort to learning about ADHD from people on the internet. Take my advice and avoid Reddit for information. The ADHD subs are nothing but memes, OMG me 2s, and "talk to a therapist".
I was on ritalin/concerta for a while because that's the only medication that you can get for adhd in new zealand and I don't think it really fits my issues that well your experience with Adderall sounds like it's exactly what I need though, I have far more problems with doing than thinking
this video reminded me to take my meds
I only take medication for school which leads me to be a pure force of chaotic good outside of school
I don't think there's a way people are "supposed" to be. like if you aren't a cog operating at 100% efficiency I don't believe that necessarily means you are mentally unhealthy. I guess it is an issue if you want to do something and you don't do it even if you try to though. That happens to me but I believe its procrasitination and being anxious about my workload
Thank you for posting this. I’ve had a nearly identical experience with adhd meds and I finally got off of them a few months ago. I know they work for some people with adhd, but I experienced a lot of the same problems with focusing on the wrong tasks and only doing physical tasks. It also eventually made me very sick and I stayed on them for probably a year longer than should have thinking it was my fault and not the meds. It sucks, but it is nice to hear that someone has had the same experience.
I hate doing things correctly.
I use Ritalin
hahahaha I HAVE ADHD TOOOOOO! 2+2 IS 22
ADHD is better referred to Executive Function Disorder. In that, we know what we need to do but for whatever reason can’t pull the trigger and just do it. Adderall helps bc dopamine motivates you to do things. Simple as that. Moral of the story, stop taking the meds and learn to simply do things and begin organizing things so you know what you need to do and can track the progress.
Adderall isn't effectively meth its the amphetamine half of the methamphetamine molecule Chain. The meth half is used to make concerta and Ritaln
As someone who has ADHD but doesn't take medication this is an experience the reason why I don't do it cuz one medication sucks and two I like the way I am
Okay so i think it should be known why at the end Mr. Ice Cream Sandwich was saying not to stop taking meds, because it wasn't clear to me in the video. there's this thing that happens to the human body when there is a sudden withdrawal of a substance from the body. this happens for example, when you suddenly stop drinking coffee. I'm sure many of you have experienced this before. bassically your body reacts negatively to the sudden change in your system. with coffee its often pretty mild, but with DRUGS, it can sometimes be FATAL. FATAL. so yeah, if you want to stop taking a drug, talk to your doctor. pls.
Finally somone gets it i have add and I tske this pill don't ask wich type but for me I hate the thing mostly because I act so boring like if you were to tell me the funniest kljoke I wouldn't laugh.
God dammit i have the same experience with everything you said, even Ritalin
Fun fact the Prefrontal Cortex, in adhd, is not fully developed and causes symptoms for adhd like inhibitions, attention span, emotions, regulation, stuff like that
I remember going to gym class and we were doing pickup basketball when I started feeling like my lungs were on fire, my teacher let me sit out and I was super embarassed but to this day I think it was the vyvanse. From what I have learned from using it for 6 years, its basically like Viagra but for your brain and more of that oxygen is going to your brain instead of everywhere else. Kinda sweet cuz it means I have an excuse if anyone makes me do intense exercise
i think the moral of this story is you need to take both meds at the same time!
This is relatable Besides the medications
I take Ritalin before breakfast so then after break when I take my vyvanse .. I have a bit of focus so I can get ready to do stuff and hopefully NOT get stuck focusing on something dumb for the next 4 hours
I’ve got adhd, I don’t use meds tho cuz they ain’t gonna change much
Vyvanse gang!
Waht is this on the laptop
I've had good luck with microdosing caffeine  throughout the day. A sip of energy drink every hour or so and stopping at 3pm. It's not the healthiest. I still get distracted if I don't have my headset in to regulate my attention, but it slows down the brain a little and that's enough to function semi normally.
Yeah meds can help you focus but they don’t tell you ✨what✨to focus on
Thing is.... A medicated ADHD brain is still an ADHD brain. Dopamine may be part of the cause, but we are still literally wired differently.  You cannot boot windows on a mac.
I can get no meds cause all these loosers that don't need it are getting it .. nice
As an ADHD person, I can confidently tell you that I have taken meds before. I can also confidently tell you I remember NOTHING about the effectiveness or lack thereof, of such meds. Man, ADHD, such a riot, haha. Hah. Please, I just need to accomplish simple tasks without losing focus and starting an adventure on learning about tank's transmissions... AGAIN.
This is an important message for ice cream sandwich and anyone else who is deciding whether or not to take a med for ADHD or something else. Please read if this applies to you but, please note that I'm not a doctor.  I have ADHD and I take 20mg of adderall. I had to start lower of course, probably at 5 as well. In my experience Adderall doesn't help with my focus that well either but I am able to actually get things done or at least get more done than I would unmedicated. When I tried a different med (I forgot what it was) I started getting headaches and it felt like it was draining my energy. So, when it wore off I tended to be burnt out and grumpy/emotional. And when I don't take any meds I'm barely able to accomplish anything. So, now I'm back on Adderall. While it doesn't help as much as I would like it to, it's the best thing we've found so far. So, my advice is that if you find something that helps, even if it's not as much as you would have liked it to, use it as long as it doesn't do more harm than good. Like if when unmedicated you get x amount done, but medicated you get more than x amount done and it doesn't negatively affect you, then you should take it but only if you want too and see progress. Of course, if you would rather stay unmedicated that's fine too. Or if a med helps you get things done but not focus, then maybe you could use the med and try something else to help with focus. Having said this, if you looked into it a bit you could find a lot of different methods to help with focus or tips for ADHD ppl in general. I hope this helps.  Also, please remember I'm not a doctor and this is just my experience and my advice based off of it. As well as, my advice goes for anyone who might need a med for something other than ADHD.
try deoxin heheheh litteraly meth
If you want to try medication again, I have to recommend Modafinil. It gives very good focus like Vyvanse, but without being overly rewarding.
On vyvanse, cannot emphasize enough, DO NOT STOP TAKING YOUR ADHD MEDS COLD TURKEY. I have had several instances where I couldn't get a refill in time, and I get these horrible crashes. Migraines, feeling sick, extremely fatigued, not fun.   Everyone's experience will vary, but stopping your medication without talking to your psych is a bad idea in general. You can get some NASTY side effects.
i have methylphenidate hydrochloride   i think it works cant tell
For me what helped is being on super low amounts of medication mixed with doing activities that build up discipline. Not a perfect solution for everyone but it worked well for me
*polish cow vibes*
me when I accidentally gain a phd in aerospace engineering and end up starting an entire company dedicated to creating rockets to researching the general traits of mars
I’ve been through at least 4 different types of meds at this point, it sucks. All of them have side effects I don’t feel like I can live with, and they make me more depressed and anxious than I already am. But if i don’t take medication my grades are going to start slipping even more. It’s kind of a lose-lose and I’m just praying I make it through this year at this point.
I'm under the impression adhd isn't just about taking the pill. I tried a full month on mine and honestly, I felt like a husk after. I get way better results when I workout and tend to my other basic needs first. Rest days are okay, even you have the zoomies. Resting can mean light excercise or other forms of motion, off meds (unless you are on a high dose or simply can't), things that re-energizes you. I was prescribed a very high dose in my early years that made me hallucinate, but now, I have a low dose of another one, enough to bridge the gap of doing, but not enough to overdo. Also, drink a lot of water. The meds dehydrate you and can cause kidney stones. Eating smaller and more frequent meals along with water can alleviate the sensation of complete deflation.
For me vyvanse does absolutely NOTHING. I’ve taken adderall for so long that I think my body has somehow adapted to it and vyvanse doesn’t help. This adderall shortage SUCKS.
why is the audio so low im on full volume 😭😭
I love your video man. But every of them have such a low volume. I need to power up my sound in every possible way. At a point that I die watching anothre video after yours. Could you increase the sound please !
It can actually be pretty nice depending on what you do when you grow up :)  I still feel personally attacked by all of this
ya'll need andrew huberman
Thanks for this, the 2:30 explanation hit hard 💀
So far Concerta has worked well for me. It doesn't get rid of it by any means but it makes it easier to get over with willpower whereas before I couldn't. In nerd terms, imagine the Concerta is casting a spell of weakness on an enemy you had troubles dealing with on your own. The enemy is still here, and you still need to fight him, but he is now your level rather than being 10 levels higher.
Thank you for reminding me to take my pill today
Adderall works for me but I hate how I feel after it wears off, also even after the meds stop I find it very hard to sleep. long story short I had to quit taking them because while they worked it made me feel like crap and I started to feel dependent on them to do everything.
Concerta is the best as super soon it's losing its parent !!!! 😎
I got on adderall this year and it’s been amazing so far. I hope it keeps being effective—I feel so calm all of the time but I can still change levels as quickly as I want. I have been studying every day, 8 hours a day, for two months to prepare for my MCAT. I never feel tired of working, I don’t have to get up and walk around every 15 minutes and am completely self regulated.  It feels like my brain is scattered apart in a million directions without medication, and with them I feels like I’m all in one place. I can write out a calendar, I can stop myself from playing video games because I’ve habituated a work ethic, it’s changed my life.  Tl;dr don’t let arrogance or fear stop you from trying medication (like I did). ADHD meds across the board show consistent QoL improvement for so many people.
idk if it was like this for any one else but when i was taking meds it worked very strongly for a short amount of time cuz i metabolized it very fast or something but anyways when it wore off like it would be all the ADHD that i was supposed to have during the time the meds worked would pile up on top of eachother and make it worse. like if u built a dam, let it fill up and make a big pool, but its still blocked up. but then the dam breaks and all the water comes down at once. but just replace the water with ADHD symptoms. this was on  vyvanse btw
Adhd meds suck ngl. I tried it for a while and lost my appetite and had to stop
I have toke bought vivance and conserda vivance is half of something I can’t remember and the other half is conserda so if vivance was screwing u up it was probably the half that idk what it was bc I know that feeling and it didn’t happen with conserda but the reason I went over to vivance was bc conserda just stopped working kinda like I became immune to it
Thank you for this. I never realized that THAT was my problem with Adderall, I always thought it was just because I had to rewire every habit I've ever learned and I've been trying for YEARS and still don't have the focus part down
I- don’t have ADHD at all, but I do have a good friend who does. Once his cat ate some of his meds and just got absolutely off his head on them.   THE MEDS MADE HIS CAT HIGH
no way I have adhd too
If i ever make a channel, im gonna do your style
Vyvanse boi here! Pretty much nailed the 50/50 nature of it. It does usually result in a high heart rate that can give some bad side effects if it doesn’t cooperate with you. But also, vyvanse is (according to my doctor) a medication that you can take as needed, and stop as needed. It really works for only the days you take it without really lingering in your system. BUT it is hard on your liver! So… :)
Just knowing you have ADHD is a big step in helping to control it.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu 5 gram odlecieć sam w kraine zapomnienia w głowie myśli mam…
I have ADHD just as bad as you do I recommend Vyvanse 20 mg ADHD sure is a weird thing I also get some of the same thoughts that you do the weird ones.😂😅
Yep. Fuck meds. I might have ADHD, but I think I'm just gonna look into mental exercises to help me focus
I can relate to the last part a lot, but for me the cause ALWAYS was not getting enough sleep, adhd meds mask you being sleepy very well until your brain just isn't able to handle it. So it is vital to keep strict schedules for both sleep and food/water when taking the meds.
Honestly might want to try strattera, as a child I could never tell the difference from when I was on it. But my parents and my teachers all said they could tell when I hadn't taken it.
You got me with the "Don't forget to Unsubscribe.... Wait."   I laughed so hard that I had to finally cave in and click the button.
Last video I thought I had ADHD.  Now I know I do. Got diagnosed a month ago. Before I start on meds, I'm going to do therapy sessions first (like CBT - which is cognitive behavioural therapy. Not the other thing you're thinking about)
I need to see a doctor
Yeah I completely understand the out of breath thing. I tried a couple different ADHD meds and they both raised my blood pressure, so I had to go off them (as instructed by my psychiatrist of course). That could've been what happened to you, but who knows, ADHD meds can have weird side effects on different people.
I wish it was cheaper and easier to get in contact with doctors, I do wish I could try meds until I find the shoe that fits
I remember when I took ADHD meds. Will never do it again. I took Ritalin, and I would stay up drawing houses for hours and developed an irrational fear of flying insects, even butterflies and moths. My experience with ADHD is that I had to actively force my brain to grow out of the hyper part. I still get distracted from time to time, but I think it's a partly maturing. I know some people have it much worse though
Yeah, that Vyvanse description sounds about right. I don't know what else to try
See, then there's the other side of ADHD and meds. Those that can't take medication cause it negatively interacts with your body's natural balance. I took Vyvanse and Adderall when I was first diagnosed in 4th grade, and I was depressed and wasn't eating. No meds worked for me. I've been unmedicated for the last 10 years. I hate it, but meds haven't worked for me so far. I gave up hope.
Your description of ADHD is 150% correct. I haven't tried the meds you tried (a different brand I won't mention for google-steals-data reasons), but it works like a combination of adderall and the other one (I forgor).
Sugar seemed to work well for a friend of mine with ADHD
I take Ritalin, mostly I feel like it helps me get through college but my experience is very similar to yours with adderal
"being able to do" is so accurate
Hi, important question, where do I find the cow meme?
I currently take Vyvanse to manage my ADHD, and before that Adderall.  The most helpful advice I have been given is plan out your day before you take your medication, write it down and keep it on you at all times, and check it often. I bought a rite-in-the-rain notepad (any will do I just spend a lot of time in situations I might become wet) and it rides around in my back pocket with its pen, I have alarms on my phone and watch to remind me to check it at various points in the day.
ADD be like that too But less energy
I had one medicine that really helped once but It turned out I was allergic to that medicine :) So that was fun
I was ok with taking adderall until I got a super fast heart rate and dry mouth and loss of appetite and fast breathing and OHHH they just prescribed me meth at a young age, okay
I was taking Straterra for a while. i didnt feel any change but it did give me a very bad acid reflux every time i took it so that was great. stopped taking them like you did too. worked out as well. but i agree you should never just stop taking them
Wait... how is Adderal more "meth" than Vyvance? They are both amphetamines, unless I'm missing something?  Never tried Adderal, just Vyvanse but yeah the focus on the wrong thing happens.... I sometimes end up focusing too long on a random math problems (which sometimes is related to my hw, sometimes not), look up and am shocked by how it is now somehow night and that I have been working for 5 hours straight.  The problem I had is that I just dont take the pills, and then get nothing done... or I take them and focus on random science/math youtube videos for hours.  Semi-fixed it by just making it so other people were relying on me working, by helping people with the hw, or setting up meetings with other people.... but any long term project is still basically impossible.
OH SO THAT'S WHY I CLEAN SO MUCH NOW AND CAN'T FOCUS ON ONLINE TASKS.
Vyvanse is a stronger version of the streed drug "speed"
Hi
Interesting... I have great focus naturally, regularly, and nearly to the extent of what you claim medication helped you do in this video. But, on the flipside, I run into that evil loop of side-tasks *constantly.* I wonder...
I got diagnosed with adhd in first grade. I took medication for my whole time in school and i think ot really helped me out. The first meds i tried worked for me. The only real side effect was I couldn't tell when i was hungry. I started to just nit bring a lunch to school. I would ear when i get home
Assignment: 2+2=?  My brain: How about instead we write a five-page dissertation on how nihilism can be an optimistic philosophical viewpoint?  Assignment: Two thousand word essay on your philosophical outlook on life.  My brain: BORING! * plays hours of cartoons in my imagination that i have memorized for some reason *
I checked if I could like but I already liked. Would have liked thrice.
I just love how you animate things, it’s both hilarious and extremely relatable! I’m gonna get medication soon so I’ll keep your experience in mind :)
Is it bad that through most of the video, I was thinking about the dancing cow from the beginning?
Polish cow song is very uhh, interstate
D̷̨̧̛̛̩̥̙̱̤͍̺̠͕̻̙̺̣̤̻̱̥̳̼̫̘̲̲̮̞͈̱̹̙̱̬͎͚̱̖̦͓̟̦͍͇̠͚̝̐̄̊̄̈̀̃̍̐̎̈͂̃̿̾̐̈́͑̏̎̊̉́̇̋͛͑̏̔̒̎̒̒͛́̎͒̿̀̊̍̓̊͛̾̇̀̓̀̋͂̽͐̄̈́̒̌̎͋̓̊̈͂̉́̅́̉͊̈́́̓̔͊̄̏̏̇͂́̏̃̄͑̑̈̎͒́̃͗̂͗̅̒̂́̔̓̍̾͒́̒͗̐̀̎̽͗̈́̀̿̏͂̀̊́̅̔̿̆́̈́̓̆̎͐̉́̀̈̇͐͆̽̇̾̈́̿̃́͛̓̀͊̄̈́̎͋̀̈́̚͘̕̕̕͘͘̕̕̕̚͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅR̸̨̧̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̜̱̼͙̬͕̪̯̳͚̖͕͚͚̥̯͓̱͙̻̦̺̩͈͓̦̲͇̯͓̳͙̩̮̼͉͙͍̲̬̬̟̼̜͈͚͉͇͕̙̮̼͇̯̱̰̙̺̙͖̫̗͕̦͖̝̄͆͂͗͌̈́̇͒͛͗̏̑̔̀̽̉͌̈́̽̈́͗͊́̍͗̏̎͂͂͐͑̅̎̊̔̉̓̄͑͑̇̇̄͆̿̅͒̓̎̃̃̍̈̑͋̍͒͗̈́͐̎̈́́͆̍̋͂̈͌̀̏̿͂͐͑̾̈̓̉̏͊͗͌̈́̽͒̈̀̂͌͑̈̃̆̃̆͂̑͐͐̾̽͊̃̾̈́̔͌͐̾̐͑̈́̋̋͑̃̿̓̾̇̋̀͛̿͌́̀́̍̉̔̔́͐͋͌̓́͌́̀̈́̆̓̍̀͛̒͒̍̽̓̔̎̂̈́̆̏́̒̓̀͌̀̀̈́̈͛͑̅̑͛́͗͋͋̽͐̈́͋͗͐͑̾͂̔͆́̑̐́̉̆̓̃̌̒̿͋̎͆̾̃̒͒͌͒̅̑̃̂̆̋̿̌̆̑̾͂͒͂̌͒̐̕̚̚̚̚̚̚̚̕̚̕̕̕͘̕͘͘̚̕͜͜͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠Ų̴̧̧̧̡̧̧̨̡̧̧̨̛̛̛̯̩͕͇̼͔̥̯̠̬͙̪̮̺̖̼̠͚̥̲̟̝̯̪̜̘̺̼͉̙͕̭͎̠̩̱͈̪͔̟̻̝͕̬̝̲̩͇͚̘̖̞̥̜̳̩̝̲̦̙͎̪͓̯̬̣̰͕͎̰̠̥̪̺͖̘̟̪͉̻̠͍͉̱͕̺̺̪̥̤̥̰̠͎̼̳̳͇̜̺̬̥̱̗̦̲̭̼̬̭̥̹̳̯̩̹̻̠̞̟͚͓̩͇̙̘̩͎̦̱̲̤̠͙͍̼̃͗̓̓̔͆̓̑̊́̈́̽̏̅͋̊̊͊̒̀̉͗̃̇̂̀̒̃̊̀̾̒̑̎̆͋̑͋͊̋̌͊̔̓̈̒̔͐̉͊͌̇̊̋̓͛͗͗̐͌͌̓̂̅̿̅̈́̉̿̀̔͑̂͛͒̀͊̌̏̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅG̷̨̢̢̧̢̢̢̢̡̢̨̢̨̢̨̹̭̣͕̩̞̲͕̠͓̱̹̰͙͖̱̻̰̗̖͓̪̣̼̲̲̼͖̼̺͎̗̟̩͚̦͙̜̘͓͈̱̙̤̟̺͉̣̺͕̗͖̜̤͇̯̙̬͔̺̯͓͔̠̬͚̠̙͎͓̠̬̤͓͎̫͚̘͕̤͓̗̩̰͚̖̮̘̗̲̞̰͔͖͉̤̤͓̯̹̣͉̜͔̞̣̙͇̤͎͇̞̻̘͔̪͈̪͚͉̼̳̏͘͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅS̷̛̛̛̛̞̦͇͌͒͌̊̎͋̄̿̀̔͐̓̍̎̈̇̃̍̌̂̋̽̒̔̈̃́̓̆͐͂̏̂̄͋̆̄͌̏̆̏̽̓͛̉͗̈́̊͐̈́̂͂̈́̒̐͂̿̆̈̽̌̅̓͗͆́̍̈́̃͑̄̈́̃̈́̿̂̾̾̈͛̂̌͒̓͂̏̈̀͋̉̈́͌̉̌̏̎̂̑̃̇̇̒́͌̉̎͆͑͋́̍̿͑́̃̓̃̆̊̋̐̈́̈͛̾̅̾̈͆̇̉́̎̆̓̇̔̒̂̾̽̌͆͒̍̂̒̍͋̈̽̀̓̊͊́͋̋͗̇̆̂͗͊̈́̇͛̽̊̇̔͗͊̔̐̿̒̌͐̃̊͒͊̏̊̽̉͒͑͊̔̀̔̽̇̇̀́́̉͗̆͗͛͑̎̑̒̍́͌̌́̊̂̈́̎͐̈́̈́́̎́̆͊̔̾̈́̅̆̎̍̐͐͊̌̽͘͘͘͘̚̚̚̕̚̕̚͘͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝
You forgot the part where vyvanse makes you not eat and you lose a ton of weight
THIS IS SO UNRELATABLE CUZ I DON'T TAKE MEDS AT ALL, ANYWAY COOL ANIMATION
PLEASE WHERE DO I FIND THAT COW VIDEO WITH THAT FUNNY RUSSIAN MAN
I used to take meds as a kid but I stopped because I was tired all the time
man I've had almost the same exact experience with ADHD meds tit for tat. have you looked into Deep TMS therapy? i still haven't tried it but it's also pricey without insurance and I don't have the means to get that yet....
For me, I can safely say that I have mostly overcome adhd, I say most of it because what’s left of it is just my annoying fidgeting that sometimes gets me in trouble in chess tournaments and what not. I used to be hyperactivity and wasn’t able to focus but it’s fine now. I was diagnosed early and had therapy for a few years and it worked and I’ve been doing well.
Honestly your experience on vyvanse is bassically my experience as a bipolar peasron just on a smallr time frame
I should be studying history, actually I have the notes in front of me, but as a person with ADHD, here I am getting distracted with a video about ADHD, feeling identified and trying not to laugh because I had a nose surgery and gesticulating my face hurts.
This story is why i stopped taking meds. Its just such a crapshoot of getting it right that ive learned to manage it (still havent done my taxes despite having my docs since mid january) its fine i promise
As a subscriber, I am aware that I am in perpetual danger of kidnapping and death. And it’s completely worth it to watch this amazing person.
amazing & mega relatable
Very relatable. I take concerta and even though I haven’t taken any of the medications in this video, it seems like concerta is a mix of these two and I find it works well. I also take it on a as needed basis which I find helps me be more productive
Too relatable
My brother and I both have ADHD. He started taking meds before I did. He told me that the meds felt like, and I quote "A jazz carpet". I was like... ok sure man, you do you. But then I started taking medication too, and IT REALLY FELT LIKE A JAZZ CARPET. IDK, its like the mind flows, and its soft, and you can control it. So yeah. *Jazz carpet*.
Atomoxetine is what I use for my adhd ask your doctor about it today.
NOT TO DISSUADE ANYONE but i had such a terrible time on concerta. i have weird psychiatric responses to meds(anxiety meds gave me terrible nightmares? not ideal), and one day i was in class and i realized i was completely detached from reality. i was so focused on a task that i became a robot that was just performing the task. it was a painting class, so i remember just sitting there mixing paint in a trance like state but i couldn’t move onto the task of actually painting. so bizarre.
i don't have ADHD i have another thing, but the part about "just able to DO" is so god damn relatable.
I have a really hard time being aware of my body. I have a vague sense that my medications help me regulate my emotions and stay on task, but I'm always doubting their efficacy, even though I seem to be better when I'm taking them.  Therefore, it is very hard to be motivated to take them. And then my doctor wants feedback, to know if we need to change the medication or dose, and I'm totally useless. It's awful.
Song ?
Dont forgor to un suvb
Here is a different perspective.  I have OCD, it was diagnosed at like 4 years old, and my god is it sometimes a nightmare.  Case in point, intrusive thoughts, they don’t EVER go away, you are always thinking about something, and half the time, it’s about deplorable disgusting shit. I will be outside doing a thing, and then suddenly I see a person and my brain is like “Oh look, a person, doing a people thing, you know what would be funny? Imagine their guys being ripped out and eaten.”, and I would just be sitting there like a deer in headlights like “What the fuck man?”.  Second example, constant repetitive behaviour. For some reason, I am obsessed with perfection, if I notice something that is slightly crooked or even feels like it’s the wrong colour, my brain will start screaming, and it won’t stop screaming until something is done about it, so you can imagine what it feels like when I look in a mirror and notice that one of my eyes is slightly lower than the other eye.  It sounds nearly unbelievable, but this is my experience.
I take ADHD meds and they don’t work 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This is bull. My boy was on meds with his mom. When he finally moved in with me I took him off all that crap feed him good food and treated him like a normal human he was normal and did awesome in school too.
I have adhd and this is the most acurrate video about it
I tried medication for my adhd once and it made me feel nauseous so when I told my doctor he was like "well that is the only medication that exists so get fucked lol". Been freestyling my existence ever since
when i got diagnosed with adhd, instead of treating me, they just treated the hyperactivity with this like weird tasting medicine that just made me sleepy, and that meant i did nothing all day because i was too tired to do anything
weed really helps
Concerta works really well it's what I use
as someone who doesn’t have adhd but has the symptoms, this is still very entertaining to watch
I have ADD and at first i took medikinet or something called medicine and now i use concerta and i don't feel like it works on me
I fell into depression after stopping taking my Vyvance back when I was a kid. Back then there was no follow up after stopping medication. I'm so happy when I learned about it later in my life. Most ADHD drugs work by letting dopamine and noradrenaline circulate through your brain for a longer period of time. When you stop taking the pills, you effectively stop the flow of these chemicals that are responsible for making you feel more "happy" and concentrsted.
I wonder how many vpns are out there? I mean there’s obviously nord, but also express, hotspot shield, tunnel bear, uhhhhhh there’s another I know but I’m to lazy to remember.
mmmmm amphetamines
Look into Bupropion!! Its a different class drug that doesnt rely on Amphetamine at all, Its an NDRI. Works really well for me!!
thank you for going into detail about what ADHD is like, it helps others figure out if they really have it or it may help others understand their loved ones minds
I take 20mg instant release of adderall 2x a day and still feel it does nothing.
Why was Concerta said like that-
Ya I feel that. I started with concerta and started to get terrible headaches to the point where I had to lay down as it wore off. Switched to a different one and boom: fixed. Luckily there are many different types. I hope you find one that works for you :)
I have to say this about any psychiatric medication: be involved, take an active role. Seriously. Your doctor does not know how you feel on a daily basis, does not keep a daily journal, can't actually tell what you feel beyond what you describe with words, and can't know how meds work for you beyond what studies say. At first, this approach won't be working well, because you have no experience, but slowly, you will start to gain it and get closer to finding the right medication
I feel like they diagnose ADHD too easily. They diagnosed me with it in the 1 st grade and was made to go on medication that I did better in school without.
My experience with ADHD can best be summed up as a group of 5 instant gratification monkeys in my head, elevator music, and a cat screeching in the background and honestly it's a party in here
I had to go through SO MANY DIFFERENT MEDICATIONS over the course of years to find what works for me! I've been using methylphenidate for a few years now, and it's near perfect for me. Good luck, it may take a whiiile. :/
As a person with ADHD, I tell people that I take my meds so act normal / don’t act like I’m high on something.  I got diagnosed in middle school, and meds changed my life in such a positive way.
I've taken Vyvanse for I think 7 ish years now? I found the key to be, whenever you have a task you know you need to do that day, take the meds. If there is a day you don't have stuff to do, just don't take them. *In my case* Vyvanse has been something I take occasionally and fortunately don't have adverse side effects. I've found it to be worse actually when I consistently take it, like you were saying. *Edited: I am no medical professional, follow the advice of your doctor and be safe!
Maybe this is a sign to get medicated.
I don't know if *meth* was referring to Methylphenidate, but that is what I recommend, it has helped me focus for the past seven years, I just have been takin them only week days and it has been helping with focus and thinking on topics that I need to get done. If you do take this medication, I don't recommend taking it every day, withdrawal symptoms are terrible. However, drinking coffee works greatly for getting things done in my experience, when the coffee wears out is when you can't think for anything. NEVER TAKE COFFEE WITH MEDICATION IF THE MEDICATION IS OVER 10 milligrams, THE HEARTRACE IS IMMENSE.
Hehe you thought you could nail my laptop down but I can go back in time 0:00
Yeah... I used to take Methylphenidate which is just off brand Ritalin, then I moved and needed a new psychiatrist. He hated prescribing stimulants, so he had me take a DNA test to find one that I am not allergic to, He prescribed Quelbree which is basically the opposite. It works it just makes me very drowsy sometimes. If I miss one dose I get a splitting headache a day later. If I miss two, I get so sick I can't get out of bed. It does still work and keeps me focused since it is supposed to help with the hyperactivity part better. As long as I take it I can focus and do not get sick.
I do concerta
6:40 that'll be $5 000
You should try meditation working out and eating a healthier diet
As a guy with ASD, you guys have thoughts?
you’re so funny omg
As a person with ADHD who is now considering medication after years of other methods being used I hope my medication journey ends up not being so bumpy 😭
I got a commercial for Vyvanse right after the video
Watched this on 2 times speed
The best ADHD medication is coffee, a lot of coffee
my personal experience with ritalin, since it wasnt mentioned: it started out good, i was more focused and could actually bare doing school work and shit, but if i got distracted i still was focused, but on the wrong thing. thats similar to the experience in the vid, with one change: the side effects.  it started out with no side effects wich was surprising, but a few weeks in it kicked in. i wasnt taking the med regularly, only when i needed it, so it might had an effect. but slowly i started losing my appetite when it kicked in and for the whole day even after it wore off. that was ok i guess, i could manage it although it wasnt ideal. the problem started when after the huge boost of focus when i was on the med, it got worse then usual after it wore off. i was unable to focus at all, unable to do anything, and i was extremely tired. having a conversation or remembering something was impossible, and i usually unintentionally fell asleep.  but the worse one was what i called "hyper-awareness". imagine the feeling of the blood pumping through your veins, every hair on your body moved by the air, every muscle working. i felt it all the time, amplified, and it was driving me crazy.  since then i stopped taking meds, i really dont like what it makes me and i just rather living my life differently.
my meds work but also cant eat normaly for like 2 days
My first experience with concerta was a trip man, i was awake for a full 24 hours until they wore off and i was have so many hallucinations it was insane, i'd go to sit down and it felt like the floor was melting, i'd lay down and it would feel like something is trying to rip my back open to get at me, anything i'd look at was my focus until the hallucinations kicked in again, at one point i saw a giant florescent yellow spider crawling around my room and almost had a panic attack. sadly nowadays it doesn't even work for me and im to scared of having another episode like that to swap to another medication, but when it did work you could visibly tell when it stopped working, i would just kinda flop and start doing whatever took my fancy
I'm in the UK  I just wish I could even get to the level of getting checked and getting a prescription, not the NHS, not even private and insurance wants anything to do with me, It's either a long waitlist or an endless circle of useless tasks to wear me down, It took me half a year just to find myself on another waiting list for a Private doctor  Pretty cringe innit
This is literally my case of ADHD as well like I take Adderall for everything in this is exactly how it affects me this is literally your just explaining my ADHD and it's amazing
Weed is the best medication ive ever taken for my adhd. Dont know if its the same for everyone. But for me it takes this wide open field of thoughs and brings the aperture down to something more managable.
The Vyvanse explanation was way too relatable. The headaches and not being able to sleep but also feeling very fatigued.
Adzenys has been working for me so far
Great video, btw. Very well put together and very thoughtful, hope it works out for you's, my mans. #letdagoodtimesroll
I tool ritalin for some years but i got used to it so the effect was gone, then i switched to methylphenidat sandoz retard, they really work great for me
As someone unmedicated with ADHD I found its better to have a task list of what to do prepared. That way, you can overload yourself with subtle distractions that are quick and get a habit formed of looking at the task list. If you are going to be distracted things like music and tabbing over to your task list circulates you back to the task at hand or at least distracts your with something you could be doing as oppose to not be doing. However, there may be curious times where you want to look something up and that always leads down a rabbit hole, but actively knowing this may lead you away from it.
My boyfriend who's got ADHD told me about his horrible experience with meds, he can't recall the name of the pill but stopped taking it by himself and some years later the WHO banned the meds because they caused long term neurological damage (he feels like he has problems with short term memory now which is even worse for his ADHD). He told me that being on meds, first of all, was a dependency. Forgetting the meds one day was painful, physically painful, withdrawal syndrome painful. Comparing some prescription drugs to meth is a valid comparison in some cases. He told me that his personality vanished under the meds, that he could focus on the tasks but was unable to have internal monologue. He had to be told what to do, he couldn't think of it by himself. The meds also messed up his libido and hunger wildly. That's why he is now free of meds and working by himself to solve the problems ADHD gives him by himself, although I have recommended him to visit a psychologist but money issues and all that (meds in my country are basically free, but public mental healthcare is just for show, you need to pay for quality there).  And this is not the case for just ADHD. I have generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and I was on meds too until I stopped taking them all by myself because my psychiatrist was on vacation (leaving meds on your own is extremely dangerous but is quite common it seems). Which meds did I take? Xanax, literally prescribed Xanax, or Alprazolam if you don't want to sound like a junky, alongside a muscle relaxant and an antipsychotic drug because anxiety generated me paranoid thoughts. It was a toxic cocktail, my libido and hunger were nonexistent, I had severe apathy so I started doing dangerous things to find a bit of serotonin, I didn't feel like I was myself to the point that reflections gave me dysphoria because the me reflected didn't seem to be "me". The meds were making me go mad. I quit and with the help of a psychologist I have done much progress on myself, having some drugs for extreme cases to cut out the anxiety attacks, not for daily intake.  Bottom line, before considering daily medication try therapy and talking with people with your condition. Medication is quite strong and you should be use it alongside therapy or in the most extreme of cases were you can't do your daily life because of your condition  Edit: my boyfriend used methylphenidate (market name Concerta, Equasym, etc.) which apparently is the main substance of ADHD meds and the WHO in Oct 2020 declared it dangerous to long term health. My current anxiety meds are bromazepam which is a derivate of Xanax, I suppose that not taking it daily doesn't bring so many unwanted side effects. Still an addictive drug
Ok, so dealing with this issue for 😪many years. 1. 5mg Adderall is a baby dose, 20mg is the low dose for an Adult. 2. You may need a combination of meds, please continue to work with a professional to find a good stack. 3. Clean Keto diet helps, look up Bulletproof diet. 4. Exercise helps, just try to find an exercise that works for you. 5. Controversially, Nicotine is helpful as an ADHD medication, you can get 30 “lozenges” from Walmart as a smoking quitting aid, I take 4mg when I need it, but you can start with 2mg.  It’s a pretty cheap thing to try (compared to meds) 6. Shop for a good deal on meds, brand Adderall for me is $250 at one pharmacy, generic was $120 at another one, and currently it’s $60 for a generic at a local pharmacy. (No insurance used) 7. The Adderall=meth thing, is technically correct but missing a huge amount of context.  So, any amphetamine will become methylated-amphetamine, aka methamphetamine, aka “meth”, because methylation is required to cross the blood-brain barrier.  This is a natural process that takes place over an extended period of time, which is the first big difference between Adderall and meth, meth is immediately available for the brain while Adderall is converted over time.  The second difference is the dosage, 60mg is the maximum prescribed dose of Adderall, meth-heads will use around 1 gram at a time, so about 17 times the maximum prescribed dosage.  Remember, “the dose makes the poison.” EVERYTHING is toxic in the right amount, even water.  Finally, for the love of God don’t do Strattera, the 2 weeks tried it I was focused on “ending it all”.  I’ve heard it helps some, but in my opinion it’s not worth the risk.
Ur experience is hella gay. Ofsho, i can relate. Adhd is a kinda fake made up metnal illiness thats being social consctructed bad parents and dumb doctors. My best advice is to ingorne all that nonsense that feel free to focus on just being ur self and have fun. Like, If ur having too many thoughts at once then just limit ur experineces and focus on what u actual care about... and to me...  thats being really gay ... #loveyoself
What's the cow video?
i tried about 5 different ADHD meds over 6 years, and each one started off great, but a few months in i would lose my appetite, not be able to sleep, not be able to talk to people, and have horrible mood swings. the last one i took made me not able to drink water, so i quit and haven’t taken them in 2 years.
Yup...that sadly the experience i had with meds. Pretty much how you described it here. On top of that one of them gave me heartracing and made me feel panicky and also like i wasn't really myself which i didn't like. So i'm done with them for now. However what actually helps me (but in the tiiiiniest portion) in those uhm "trompet moments" is a tiny bit of weed in my herbal tea :/ ...like...it actually helps. It just makes me think like a normal person. It takes away that overstimulated feeling and calms me down. cbd might also be an alternative for other people...that stuff though just makes me want to sleep...so eh...
My experience with vyvanse is similar with the exception of the bad side effects. Just goes to show that meds work differently for different people. Vyvanse absolutely helps with my issues, but theres a reason there are so many different treatments for adhd.
The trhumpet part in the video rly hit me, I get so fkng angry when im trying to focus but randon noises and songs and thoughts invade me EVERY.TIME.
The second drug is kind of what my brain works like normally. I will be doing small things all over and then suddenly the concentration hits and my day is gone.
yeah nah this pretty much hits the nail on the head with how medicating for adhd works, its a lot of trial and error and sometimes not even being able to tell if its working or not.
I rly think that, while treating my ADHD, having a psicologist to follow me trhough the process helps out the delaing with the medication part. Thank you for the videos on the subject, its acctually rly awesome to have a creator so wholesome and relatable about my own issues . ADHD sucks, but at the same time, i fell that we can do great things, sometimesit it fells like a double edge sword.
This is EXACTLY how my Vyvanse journey is going
Stopped 10 secs into the video to go find the polish cow song, got bored of that 30 seconds in and went back to this. Quintessential ADHD experience.
I was on that medication for years and I decided to stop in highschool cuz i hated it and also because it was a lot of money for my mom. When I stopped I had the worst withdrawal ever. I could read a sentence and by the time I finished reading the sentence I already forgot the beginning again. It was like my brain was so used to being on the meds that It forgot how to work. Ugh
I am taking Ritalin and it works wonders, no side effects besides less appetite, it almost fully remove that wall in the way of doing things, this "I know I have to do X right now, I have time, but I cant get myself to do it" is just gone  cheers
Took mine at 3:00
As polish i appretiate how you cut out drugs names in the intro
I used to be medicated for a long time but after a long while I found that they don't really do much to help me and are an expense I really didn't need. It might work for some and I'm glad you got the help you need but for me over five years of not being medicated and going fairly strong is good enough for me.
Oh hey thanks for reminding me, I need to take my meds
My adhd is the kind of adhd where sometimes you just feel like REEEEEEEEEEEEEE - My medication makes me realise…what the heck am I doing with my life
I just consume an absurd amount of caffeine workout pills (and water!) pretty sure i'm gonna have a stroke at some point but at least _its not meth!_
My polish dancing cow addiction is your fault.. :(
This really is concerning As somebody who is very deep into the 80HD side of the pool I'm looking to get medicated because I think it will help and I didn't think about most of these things,  I just remember the effects of medication when I was really young. Man if it sucks off of it and it sucks on it the hell am I going to do just die
You reminded me that I needed to take my meds today, thanks.
ye I was given antidepressants after complaining about ADHD symptoms ....... and they changed my life!!!! Never before did i experience severe nosebleeds!!!
Lol the us healthcare sistem wants you to be always high on meth
I have autism
BING CHILLING SANDWICH
Im personaly I've been using my medication for about 3 years now and i don't need it anymore. And i work more effectively than with it, it's a bit more stressful to study and stuff but I feel much better without it.
i was on concerta until there was a shortage and i wasn't told it directly! i havent had my adhd medicine in months! i cant sleep!!!
Ive got ADD in the sense its my brain thats hyper but not my body
Keep trying different meds! They all work differently. It's very common to go through at least 3 or 4 before finding one that works for your system.
And here i am. wathing this video instead doing 7 other things i planned yesterday for today XD
my brain at all times: the last part of bo burnham's microwave popcorn.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam: koksu pięć gram 🎵🎶
The problem with Manitoba (canada) is that adhd doesn’t go through psychs it goes through family doctors and they don’t know anything about adhd, so medication is all over the place because they don’t understand how certain medications will effect an individual.
Oh one more thing. Coco or dark chocolate, like 80-90% works for my adhd before and after I got back on medication. 3 teaspoons in hot water, get used to the favour and feel the benefits. No doctor required.
Pin me pls
As a Polish person, the intro is very relatable 😂
This reminded me to do task A and stop break
I'm fortunate that my parents had the will and discipline to ignore ADHD advice in the 70s and 80s.   dr. spent an entire generation trying to convince you that you should give your kids amphetamines instead of whipping their ass when they're bad.
imo medicated let’s me think abt what I want to think abt
Is focus factor pill good for adhd?
Oh the other trick is to not be too adhd. It is all on a spectrum and while i got it for sure, the stories I hear of people not able to focus on anything. Well that is hardcore.  I think I have a very small dose of asburgers, this helps remove the H in adhd and maybe gives me some more opportunities to hyper focus. Also I love my job in visual effects.
Ok so my adhd med experience  is when I was a teenager I had dexanphetimine  at 5mg in the morning and then 5mg at mid day. Eventually I felt the too much dex feeling. I guess it is the three too many coffees for someone else, but I felt less focus when it is too much. So I had half aka 2.5mg and then another half. In future that turned into a quarter and another quarter tablet. Then eventually nothing. Studying stuff I wanted to hyper focus on helped.   Years later before I became a parent at 40 I gave medication another go with automoxatine. A failed antidepressant that isn’t a stimulant. It has sideeffects but I think it works. And I then added a stimulant and I have a  vivance tablet cracked open and dumped into 35 ml of water and swish it around and pull 5ml out per day, resulting in having a 30mg tablet over a week (stored in the fridge). This seems to work for me. My psyc recommended the method of measuring the dosage. It may be a bit random but I think it is Stadt enough and at a low dosage that o am not bitten in the ass by it. Now I just need to get more sleep, since without it nothing works.
I have ADHD and right now I should be doing something else but instead I'm watching a video about ADHD medications.
bro i just got diegnosed with adhd and i dont know how to get things done
Hey! I had the same problems, what helped me was simply getting enough electrolytes. Rehydrating with just water wont solve the issue, but you need to keep your electrolytes up. The Vyvanse will dehydrate you like a motherfucker.
Gnawledge!
I use Ritalin 40mg and its totally fine, the only problem is that you're disgusted from food (not only you can't eat, but for me it really makes me almost vomit seeing or  smelling food) for 8 hours until the effect stops.
I took strattera once. It’s hell. Don’t do it
Keep talking about productivity but the concept of productivity is a byproduct of our capitalist society . but also I've never seen a bird forget that it's trying to find acorns you know? If I was in the wild I'd run out of acorns.
guh
your videos make sponsorships fun to watch
ADHD kind of sucks, but taking meds sounds even worse. Remove one minor problem that can be fixed with the right habits and replace it with another that cannot be stopped and may have physical side effects? No thanks.
ik that meds r v likely to NOT work for me v long bc i had similar results w my *n a t u r a l* melatonin pills to help w my insomnia but they eventually made my insomnia w o r s e so i stopped takin them and managed it the same way ive been doin since i was a little kid n shit. so i doubt takin any meds to help me focus n work n shit is gonna work for me :T
Hi, I have ADHD too. Been on medication for a couple years too. My dad takes Adderall for his ADHD and it works great for him, so that’s what I started on. It made it easier to focus on things and do them, which was great, but it started making both my appetite and ability to sleep disappear. Neither of which were great in the first place, but it started becoming  a really bad issue. So I got off that, was unmedicated for a little while, and then started Strattera. It works okay I think, but it still has previous side effects (to a lesser extent). I have to take extra medication to mitigate the appetite loss effect still. Overall, meds are really weird. Great video:)
What you say happens to me too. I focus on the "wrong" thing or do more physical/immediate stuff. But that's okay to me. The meds don't cure everything, they only work in combination with other stuff. So I also have a mentor. And try to have study buddies because body doubling is amazing. On days where I get distracted and make fancy food instead of studying I try to still be proud of myself for making fancy food and doing all the cleanup instantly. Not what I had planned, but still important.  I did wonder for a while if I should switch meds to sth more useful but to me this is such an increase in general ability - I wait and see for a few more years xD
I'm sorry you went through that, but we already suffer so much persecution. Please don't call Adderall 'crack', it is amphetamine/dextroamphetamine salts while Vyvanse is lisdexamfetamine salts... Both are very close, and usually, if your body rejects one it will reject the other too (you should consider trying a non amphetamine based med). I tried Vyvanse and experience EXACTLY what you showed in the video, it was awful! But I can deal with Ritalin and Concerta (Both being methylphenidate) way better, Concerta being the best but I was crashing after it stopped working (8 hours).   I'm now on Wellbutrin (Bupropion) and it's... Hard. This med can take more than a month to stop collateral effects, and while it's not technically a stimulant, oh god you get accelerated! If it doesn't work, I will try Strattera (Atomoxetine). The thing is, my ADHD makes me completely dysfunctional and I won't stop until I find some way to feel less miserable. It's a journey; if you can work without meds it's great but if you can't there are still many options! Good luck, and your animations are always awesome!
I have ADD it's so crazy going through the switch between no meds to meds you don't know how you should feel
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Ja pierdolę, ale mam zjazd Nie chwytam gwiazd, jak kłoda leżę Nie wierzę Co się dzieje Jak kura z głodu pieję Jak wilkołak do księżyca W głowie dziury jak ulica Przed twoją chatą Rozpuszczam się jak baton Który leży na blacie Zejście jest jak nie wciągacie Bracie kurwa ryj mi krzywi W głowie burdеl jak w TV Mnie nie dziwi taki stan Brak towaru, w myślach ćpam Rade dam albo niе dam Wszystko kurwa z chaty sprzedam W sumie mam już przejebane Wszystko jednak jest sprzedane Ja pierdolę, same długi Kinol jak u Tabalugi Dzień drugi bez walenia Gdzie jest wąż? Biała chemia Jebane zejście tak wykańcza Jak by w chuja dziabła cię szarańcza Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Chemia party, chcę na narty Do dilera, a nie w Alpy O żesz kurwa, chyba fiknę Jak w nochala nic nie psiknę Tak bardzo chce dotykać gwiazd Ale nic z tego, bo mam zjazd Totalne kurwa mega zejście A marzy mi się smoka wejście Masz hajsy? Ci też zalegam? No to chuj, dziś już nie biegam Chcę mieć kopa jak pantera W krechę nie ma u dilera Już nie, na pewno nie Chyba śmierć rozkłada mnie Nic nie przełknę, mam dreszcze Kurwa mać, ile jeszcze Będzie trwał ten stan? Śnił mi się koksu van I hery gram tak dla smaku Chcę się wozić w Cadillacu Myślami po znajomych biegam Lecz każdemu coś zalegam Odpada opcja pożyczki Bo przycinam jak nożyczki Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Syf jak na Discovery Chcę wystrzelić jak z giwery Chcę hery i inne bajery W nosie pustka, słychać szmery Macie numer do Gargamela? Może u niego w kotle jest hera? Wiem - głupoty pierdolę Ale nie ma nic na stole A w kieszeni jebana pustka Przydała by się w totka szóstka Albo chociaż jakaś czwórka I bym leciał jak jaskółka Jak pszczółka Maja Do ucha śpiewałaby mi Kayah To są jaja, no nie wierzę Wygięty leżę jak zdechłe zwierze Gorączka w kurwę się nasila Poharatany jak dupa fakira Jak zdzira wymiętolony Leżę kurwa rozpalony Hej Johnny, chciałbym posypać I na łące jak królik brykać Ale cały czas ten zjazd Usycham jak wyrwany chwast Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz
I also used to take Vyvanse, but it's only officially recognized as a medication for minors in my country, so I can't get it via public health insurance anymore. I have switched to Guanfacin, which I believe is sold as "Tenex" in the US (though the brand I'm taking is called "Intuniv"), and found that to work for me as well.  If you're still searching for something new, maybe have a look at it, I'd describe it as somewhere between Adderall and Vyvanse in terms of effect, though it doesn't pack as much of a punch as either. It pushes you just far enough so you can concentrate on your own effort rather than dragging you to that point like the other two do.  The thing with Vyvanse is that, if I'm not mistaken, it originally wasn't developed as a medication for neurodivergence, but for treatment of the heart. Thus, it can have pretty severe effects on your blood pressure. This is also the reason for why you have to slowly raise or lower the dosis you're taking when medicating with it, and why it can also have the side effect of making you feel sleepy.
The worst part about adhd for me was seeing everyone else in my class understanding the work and doing it so easily but for some reason I just couldn’t. That thought messed me up for a while bu
Ask about Non-stimulat meds instead!  Atomoxetine is what I'm on and it's a perfect balance, they take like a week to kick in but one they do and you're regularly taking them, there is no "waring off" its always working.
i had the same focus problem with my meds, and ironically for me so far, the solution has been both stimulant and non-stimulant meds. i've been on vyvanse for awhile now, and i think the worst part was being on 50mg and feeling like i'm on the verge of a panic attack all the time. now i'm on 300mg of qelbree and 30mg vyvanse. the qelbree gives me just enough umph in the "base executive function" department that i can better utilize the stupid focus powers of vyvanse. so far it's been a good combo. less anxiety, way more productivity at work the past month or so since i got the meds adjusted.
That "I'll use the 30 mins. It takes for the pill to work to enjoy myself" is not a smart thought at all. Edit(append): it leads to the space flight example made.  Also appealing to the task's impact on my ability to go and indulge in *insert your strongest desire* helps doing it, at least starting/continuing for a while Edit#2: doesn't have to make sense, just convince you enough
I just started my Xaggitin last week!
I'm honestly curious: how the hell do you manage to make videos despite ADHD? I feel like I had dozens of ideas for videos over the years but kept procrastinating on them (and eventually just giving up even though I never started/forgetting) because that would entail me sitting down, writing a script, recording myself doing whatever, learning how to edit videos, learning how to edit *soundtrack* , figuring out how to post shit on YT, etc, etc, etc. On the other hand, both medicated or not, I can spend hours just playing a videogame, watching a list of YT videos, and when I actually get an idea for how to fix the code I was working on, I'm incredibly eager to try it and can spend hours testing shit... I don't know how my brain works.
'Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu pięć gram' was an interesting thing to hear here, suprising at least
Vyvanse was such a savior for me for a while. Like I was Superman. The only downside was how my chest would hurt from time to time.
I know im a bit late to this but you actually just helped me realize the same issue I had while taking adderal, I felt the difference but I never applied it to things I could apply it to, I always tried taking it for school work which required... thinking.. It was so infuriating and confusing wondering why it didnt work for me. I really wanted it to and I didnt want to end up wasting anyones time from setting the stuff up but I really had to words to explain why it didnt work until now, it was such a confusing feeling that I couldnt really place it. So thanks ;D
Also a thing to consider - medication is just part of a regimen. Things like therapy and such (if you can afford it/have coverage for it) should also be included in a mental treatment plan. Otherwise, you're just smacking one hole that all the whack-a-moles could get out of while ignoring the rest entirely.  Also, my ADHD sucks without an internal dialogue. I can't imagine how it'd feel WITH an internal dialogue - other than terrifying, because the concept of an internal dialogue kinda scares me.
imagine watcing a video about adhd when you have a task to do, thats the adhd feeling
So, I guess I have ADHD then...  All my half finished projects... But I also hyperfocus on the wrong things for hours.... And if I have to be among other people I always wear my noice cancelling headphones, or I will get owerwhelmed and fatigued... Never diagnosed, never medicated, just living with it...
So pills didn't work that great for me BUT I found another way to work. If you know ADHD, you'll know what hyperfocus is (I think, I assume everyone gets it but I'm not 100% sure). So you wanna learn your triggers for it. For me it's a specific tempo. It can be music, it can be commentary videos. But if you can't focus, go around youtube until you find something that works. On thursday, LGR's Sims 4 and Sims 3 reviews hit the sweet spot. When you find your magic tempo (which can change daily, or sometimes multiple times a day) then it literally feels like magic. All the noise in your head just goes _poof_ and you're only thinking about the one thing you want to work on.  Two weeks ago it was the background music for FFXIV's final Endwalker boss' 2nd phase. Had that on loop for about 4 days straight, did insane amounts of work.  Give it a shot! Higher maintenance than pills because you need to find what works each day, but I found that I only have like 8 "sound moods" I go through, so after going through them all you can have playlists set up for any tempo you need. Near-instant hyperfocus.
I feel you
I never understood something so much until right now
It's interesting to me, because the way both of these meds worked for him are sort of how my ADHD seems to work. Sometimes I can do physical things but can't focus on anything. Sometimes I can only focus on one thing and can't do anything else. Most of the time I get overwhelmed and can't do anything.
Adderall is not meth Desoyn is Meth.
Nowadays every second person has ADHD not just because people have less self control but also because it just gets diagnosed more
Not sure if this is intentional or not but FYI the song in the beginning is actually in polish and goes "I've got one thing on my mind, five grams of coke"
I got diagnosed with ADD 3 days ago and am on ritalin. Not sure if it's helping yet but we'll see
Everyone was listening to this Polish song, so just for the record, this song is about drugs, if you want the lyrics translation tell me
I had a conversation about ADHD with my boss recently. He was really surprised to hear that I had it, because of the misconception that people that suffer from ADHD are hyperactive all the time and I‘m a pretty calm guy. I took medication for it for a really short time when I was in Kindergarten, but stopped because I didn’t like how they felt and my mum accepted that decision and sent me to therapy instead. That didn’t really help my focus, but I no longer flew into fits of rage and threw things at my parents. Today I’m pretty happy that I don’t depend on meds to do what I’m doing. I managed to get through school and university (barely) and now work in marketing with a great team that can deal with my tangents and distractions. ☺️
3:26
Well for me the biggest problem is depression wich i got due ADHD. Iso if i get rid of it im kind of fine with my crazy phrog unfocused brain, because i can at least do any task
look up all natural treatments. I find it is less about curing a problem & more about improving. Removing the problem 100% never seems to work out like u would expect
just got my dose of adderall doubled to 20 mg a day  i feel unstoppable, unconquerable  …  until 6 pm, when it wears off. then i’m the usual incompetence
Being polish, first seconds of a video were extremely encouraging to watch the whole video
polish is every where 😦😦😦
My meds took away my ability to breath
Anetometekastas 🐮🐄🐄🐮🐄🐮🐄 0:49
why is this video so much more quiet than your other videos?
As someone who has ADHD, this is relatable. I originally wanted to be a policeman but then got reminded by my parents just how much concentration that would take as I need to have an absolute eagle eye when out on patrol, so that idea went in the bin and I’m glad I didn’t waste time on that route because I can now see just how stressful that would be. I knew that my adhd really likes my Xbox, I mean *really* likes it, but that is hit and miss of whether I could turn that into a career, because e-sports is the best of the best and Let’s players have to put in years of work and have to rely on the YouTube algorithm to get  enough viewers to even make 50 quid, so that was also in the bin. But then I stopped and looked at myself, and concluded that something that takes as much coordination and engagement as playing Xbox would be good, so I turned to music. I picked drums as I thought drummers were cool, and within a few months I was addicted, and now coming up to a year later, I have my own E-kit that I can practise whenever I want, whether I have medication in my system or not.  So my advice to people with ADHD, look at what your brain likes to engage with and see if you can make a career out of it, if not, look for something else that takes roughly the same skills as that and try it. Don’t make your brain do something it clearly doesn’t want to do, as that just leads to frustration. For me, I used my gaming skills to find musical talent I didn’t even know was there before.
My experience with taking adderall in for the latter half of highschool and then switching to Vyvanze in college was that they’re Exactly the same (because they chemically are, Vyvanze is literally just adderall but with the amino acid lysine attached to it) but Vyvanze lasts longer throughout the day, which makes it better for long class days.  But also they straight up just turn off my emotions and my appetite so I don’t take them when I’m not in school.
I think everyone on the world has ADHD.  I don't know a single person who doesn't fight with that issue.
never got money for adhd meds, can't relate. sorry
i think its funny how over time his legs got shorter
I had a similar experience with feeling sick and exhausted when I was prescribed Ritalin. It turned out it was me crashing when it wore off. When I mentioned it to my psychiatrist she was like "oh yeah you're experiencing crashing like with caffeine" she asked when I took it and when I started to feel sick and I said I took it at 9am and felt sick around 1pm. She just stared at me like I said something crazy, then she said something along the lines of wow, you're 9 hour medication is only lasting 4 hours... I guess since I'm young and have a strong liver, I was metabolizing it too fast. So she had me try Adderall and that fixed the crashing problem for me.   ADHD medications are definitely not perfect, for me I always get a mixed bag. Like I can focus better on some things and I talk way slower (much needed improvement) but I can also struggle to think clearly sometimes too. Hopefully you find the right fit for you if you continue with the medications
🐄 tylko jedno w głowie maaaaam! 🐄
That ADHD feel when you get distracted from the work you were doing to watch this video, lmao
TYLKO JEDNO W GŁOWIE MAAAM KOKSU PIĘĆ GRAM *song from the beginning*  0:00
This. This sums up the meds and the ADHD perfectly. Shoutout (shout out?) to The YouTube algorithm randomly showing me your channel on my homepage today of all days, on the first day in six months where I forgot to take my meds! Yaaaay...
I also used to take Adderall but quickly realized it wasn't working "wonders" on me so I did the same thing u did and stopped taking them. I also fell like the Adderall was the reason why I wasn't eating as much as I should. I'm getting better though so :3
i forgot to unsubscribe i have failed.
Weed fixed it for me...I can work on a project without doing 12 more things at the same time...also I am more focused on what I work on :)
ok but no one really cares, people who talk about they adhd constantly are just annoying and it fr doesnt matter, i mean i have it but nobody really gives two shits lmaooooo, u right doe, dis is how it feels fr
challenge, how many times can he secretly put polish cow in his next vid
thanks for watching! dont forget to unsubscribe, *wait*-
I've been diagnosed and undiagnosed soooooo many times from adhd. Currently I'm categorized as "undiagnosed" (well kinda) and back when my doc n I were experimenting which medication was right for me I had lost 20 kg in less then 1 week! I had become so weak it wasn't until we kept trying over and over again that I then landed on anit-anxiety medication (Which is kinda being used to calm my hyper-fixations on things and as well as for my adhd) though it does work great but it has certainly made me a lil "tired/lazy" but it does work. We are still experimenting and seeing how much I should take etc and what not. But my doc has truly helped me a lot! Point is make sure you are in hands of a good doc and you discuss the important things with them and work together and not against your adhd!  PS Move to Canada we have free health care yall! Also just moving to canada won't solve everything for ya but still the health care system is deff better then it is in America! (Ofc do ya research before making rash decisions ya doofus <3)
When I took Concerta with a big enough dose for the first time, I remember sitting down in the kitchen, taking out a comic book and asking for my husband to make himself a sandwich or something (to check how I react to noises). I remember having this really odd feeling of "numbness" hitting me. It wasn't a bad feeling. It just felt funny. Kinda like when you have just woken up and you aren't 100% awake yet. A certain kind of tension-free state if you will. I mentioned it out loud to my husband and he said "That sounds like... relaxation?". And while I was processing what he meant by this, I realized that I had been able to follow up the story of the comic without getting distracted by the noises around me. I can still visualize the scene: me sitting in a chair holding a comic book, looking like the "is this a bird" -meme, but instead of a bird, the "obvious thing" was the relaxation. Relaxation feels insane (quote of the millenia).
Damn, my ADHD must’ve kicked in cuz I lost my FOCUS on this video
I have both types of adhd and let me tell you sometimes it can be a WILD ride. I go to walmart looking for nerf guns and come out with milkshake supplies and tire slime for a bike repair kit I haven't considered in MONTHS. I listen to otherside (Minecraft music disk) and I literally hear ONLY the countermelody and the stupid trumpets in the background. I open the fridge and am like "huh, there's nothing to eat" when there's chicken strips, pbj supplies, and more food than any human should be able to consume before expiration date. Also, I found out that my dog loves pasta. I DONT EVEN KNOW HOW I KNOW THAT. HELP ME!!!
atleast they let Polish Cow stay on youtube for younger audiences   check the english lyrics for it ( as long as your 18+ or just know what drugs are )
My headcanon: ADHD and PTSD fighting control over the brain
Ive taken this medication (anti-psychotic) before and i just remember the first time it hit, i completely lost my ability to be imaginative or create in a vast provoking way. tldr: dont do drugs or get put in a behavioral hospital
I've been taking ritalin for a while now and it's sort of like adderall. I've been working okay with it because when it comes to doing tasks, I mostly struggle with physical stuff since I'm already constantly thinking about mental tasks. My only complaint is that it does make me anxious, so when I know I'm just going to be chilling out with people for the day, I put it aside.
Ive been on ADHD meds before (adderal and vyvanse) and realized how often I started turning to them for even for simple tasks after a year. Bottle line is once I graduated school I stopped taking them and refuse to get another prescription cuz of how it felt not to have them.
My video played without audio and I went insane for a second lmao
It might help to look at other medication too, for ADHD there are stimulants and non stimulants. If stimulants are wonky non stimulants could help! Id also recommend some kind of edition to medication though (like some kind of therapy). I avoided stimulants because they’re kinda like meth lol
His description of the vyvanse focus problem is on point. You can focus really well if you are directed at the tasks you want to perform. For me in kicks in just as I want to go to work so it can help a lot. But it was also a hard medication to adapt to. I got face twitches, harder to regulate emotions for a time, and I take a low dosage. Even now I've tripled my dosage from *my* starter dosage (10mg) and its the level at which most people would have for a starter dose(30 mg). I'm also 220lbs at 5'9".  The out of breath thing did happen for a while, but its not a problem I ever seem to have anymore. Also, I've never had a hard time coming off of it. I can start and stop as I choose and it does what I need it to do with the lower dosage so long as I make sure I'm on target when it kicks in. It can be pretty uncomfortable, but it can also feel really good too. I've also used it as a stimulant to recover from a transplant and it has a double edged sword. You get more energy but you lose touch with how worn down your body is getting. Being able to take a lower dosage and go off and on the medication withdrawal free has been what has made this an excellent tool for my ADHD. Oh, watch out for the lull that happens for an hour or so in the afternoon between 2 and 4 (most days).
You look like hamburger helper
I started this video, saw the cow video and immediately searched it and watched the whole 1hr long video while completing literally nothing at work. I remembered I was watching this video and restarted it, just to go watch cow video again. I'm finally back to finish it.
brb looking up that song at the start.
I was young when I was told I needed to take meds for my ADHD, about 10ish, and boy howdy did they mess me up. I would hyper focus on the wrong thing, I would even go the whole day without eating because it would be just THAT focused. I do not know how many different types of meds they had me try. I feel that because of those meds, it shifted my mental state into the depression that consumed 6 years of my life. I pushed myself to stop taking them when I was 18, at the tail end of my lost years, and learned to take control of myself. I have accomplished much since then. I am 32, months away from 33, Finished my GED, depression had made me flunk out of high-school, went to college for game design, got married, bought a house, and am about to be a father to my first child in April. It takes a lot to keep reminding myself where I am and what I have to do. My wife has been fantastic in helping me keep on task on days where depression or my ADHD creeps in, but as the years go on, it becomes much more manageable. I wish everyone well who goes through life, especially those with feelings like they can not do even the simple things. Take life one breath at a time, judge what you can do, write up a plan, and find ways to reward yourself for the tasks you manage to accomplish, even if small. You can do this! As Red-Green would say, "we are all I this together."
Vyvanse gang 💪
Kinda cringe watching this video while I was supposed to be doing programming homework. I don't even know how the fuck I got here, last thing I remember was programming and then youtube for like an hour.
i took meds too. cant remember which bcuz it was years ago but i weaned by self off kinda poorly and now i have a forever fuzz in my brain. so thats cool. its been getting a little better over time but yeah.... dont do that
As someone who has not been diagnosed with ADHD until a year or so ago (im 20) taking meds helps astronomically
is it bad that i've had to take almost all the ones listed?
I stopped taking my meds because it made me feel like shit as well
WHY IS VIDEO SO QUIET >:(
Where do I find the cow video
Hey bro i have adhd and it sucks but right now im on concerta. its very weird. once i turn 18 and my parents are in control, im going to stop taking it. but for me, its perfect.  i feel focused but only for things that i need to focus on and im a more calm and relaxed person. however, there are a lot of side effects. first of all, i have no appetite at all. i practically starve myself more nights. second of all, i can never sleep unless i take melatonin medication. i also have occasional feelings of depression and so thats why im going to stop taking it. but for some people, i think it would be perfect. really just depends on the person.
Hey, as someone who was on medication for my ADHD for most of my life, its possible that the dosage for the Vyvance wasn't tuned properly. Also, what worked for me was Strattera (Atomoxetine). Long term, slow burn, cumulative. Easier to tune the dosage.
My experience with meds was somewhat different, though I followed a similar trajectory when coming off them. I was diagnosed early and started medicating early; from what I can remember, we messed around with a few drugs and then Ritalin worked like a charm. I took that from 3rd grade through high school (with some minor changes and dosage ups b/c growth) and it really helped me focus and be productive, I rarely missed homework or things like that.   In high school though it really started to not work. I didn’t feel physical symptoms like you describe; instead, it felt like I was… too focused? Essentially, when there was The Thing I needed to be doing, I was constantly *aware* of the fact that I was supposed to be doing the thing, and it that sense I was fully focused on it- like, if I started to get distracted by something else, I would remember that I still needed to do The Thing and would steer myself back - but I still couldn’t actually bring myself to DO the thing. I was left in a kind of limbo, usually filled by just watching videos on my phone (oh hey) because at the time it felt like a non-thing that I was getting distracted by: not reading, not playing a video game, not applying my brain or using my full attention, just… there.   Eventually this started to really affect my productivity (and also depressive side effects!), so I also quit my medication cold turkey :) I then didn’t tell anybody about it for like weeks, but it luckily turn out fine for me as well. It’s ironic that continuing to take the meds almost feels like another Thing to focus on, and I remember quitting feeling like an act of defiance against the meds (like you said, bad idea!)
My experiences with adaroll have impactied my life in a bad way I have a really low need for food less then I actually need and that makes my energy go down so yeah :(
When I was a child, they had to do many tests to see what medications worked... and which ones to yeet out the window.  I had one medication that made me think ticks were crawling all over me and it made my pupils dilate to the size of my iris. Another one made me hyper focus too much on the fact people stared at me, which was fun.  I forget what medication that finally scratched my brain and worked, but I got off of them in middle school because I wanted to gain control of my ADHD better (dunno how that happened). As an adult now, I still have it - just in the form of anxiety and hyperfocusing on shit I shouldn't be.
6:42 I get this occasionally.  To me it feels like being thirsty, but for air.    It usually only happens if I take two pills in one day, either due to forgetting I already took one, or because I have some very important thing I REALLY need to focus on in the evening.
Uh hi person, so uh story! So it was like 4:50 am (so not late at all-) and i came to this vid and it was surprisingly interesting so I went to your profile, ended up subscribing (on the tv- ig i may subscribe here too... if i get some sleep :) ) and uh yeah surprisingly a lot of the vids were cool and fun and stuff. Uhhh it's 6:51 am now and just finished watching and uh well yeah I should get some sleep so yeah bye thx for the enjoyment tho hahaha- I have problems- AANYGAYS BYE HAVE A NICE DAY
I clicked on this video thinking I need to relax by watching a series cuz, forgot what I was gonna say...🤦🏾‍♀️
if its that easy to obtain meth im going to get adhd brb
you should maybe try behavioral therapy, it helped me a decent chunk. Its funny watching someone go through the same thing you did but at a later age
Idk if you’ll see this but have you tried sound? I know it doesn’t work for some people BUT it does work really well for me. There are so many apps that will play custom sounds or pre made sounds to help you stay in focus or fall asleep or calm down and do many things. Good luck!
This is one of the videos ever made.
With meds I can have a functional talk without being hyper, or I can do my homework without distraction, but I feel less fun and less like myself, however my need for attention is gone when I take meds too.  Adhd is odd
did you know that that song is about cocaine?
I was diagnosed with ADHD very young in life. My mother hated the way the medication treated me like a zombie and that you could literally see when the medication took effect and when it wore off. My mother took me off it young, around 7 or 8. Told me  had to learn how to control myy ADHD or I would have troubles in the future, To me a lot of people with ADHD never learn to cope with having ADHD and because of that they never learn how to focus. While it will never be 100%. It will be better than being medicated and going through extremes like ths.  The only thing I have done as of lately is go back on medication just to silence my brain. It has helped my insomnia and gotten my depression better. But I hate relying on medication. So I am along with my doctor trying to relearn to focus and to just work on a list of daily goals. So far it has helped and I've reduced the amount of meds I've needed and I actually get stuff done. Still take the meds to silence my brain but thats mainly just so I can sleep now a days.
Oh God I have ADHD.
He explained it literally in the best way possible Having 10 trombones being played inside your head all the time. And also always having random thoughts jump into your head. I once talked for 2+ hours with my friend about moldy water. I genuinely have no idea why i just did. Fr tho, the mind of someone with adhd is chaotic and i should know because i have 18 trombones playing in my head *dances*
I tried Adderall XR a while ago and I found a similar result to what you had. But, I also experienced super intense lows and also weird heart palpitations (probably low blood pressure?) when it wore off, so I had to stop taking it.
you need to pair the meds with other mechanisms. I take my meds but then i also write task lists and set 15 minute timers to remind me about the passage of time and to think about what i need to do
I stopped taking lexapro and wellbutrin for about a week, NEVER again
bro adhd is like permantly high fr meds or no meds
Is it just me, or is this vid extremely quiet,
I have adhd medication only makes me tired and then teachers wonder why I’m not participating then when I’m not on my meds there telling me to stop talking or to not be distracted
Ok, sorry if this is already here, but Vyvanse is really close to a time released Adderall.  Especially if you've been taking generic Adderall (dexamphetamine) instead of name brand which also has some levoamphetamine (effectively left handed dextroamphetamine).  Vyvanse just adds a lysine to dextroamphetamine so it can't get into your brain until your liver strips the lysine off which takes time.  Ritalin and Concerta are in the methylphenidate group and, while all of these are stimulants, it might be worth taking to your doctor about this stuff.  I believe there are also now some non-stimulant options, they just aren't front line treatment options because they aren't effective for as many people.  Also, Adderall is related to meth, but not the same.  Adding a methyl group to a molecule significantly changes how your body responds to it.  Just look up mercury and dimethyl mercury (when you aren't supposed to be doing something else).  One is poisonous in high concentrations over time.  One will kill you with a single drop which passes through latex gloves.
ADHD is like having either a super power or a curse. I can't decide lol
Im a woman with adhd, when im on meds(ive been on lots of diffrent ones) and they never really helped they just sorta made me zone out which was kinda nice but it was horrid! I was diagnoused with adhd when i was 5-6yrs old! I stopped taking my meds when i was like 16 because i didnt like myself on those meds and i barely took them anyway so i decided to stop taking them and i also just scared of taking pills
the more I watch his adhd videos the more I feel like I have adhd
I ain’t even gonna lie I love Vyvanse. I am so good at math now and I genuinely find it fun. But it destroys my appetite. Eventually I kinda learned to just force it and it’s fine now.
the daxtrolite is the stuff mmmmmm
I personally take Concerta for my ADHD (which is predominantly inattentive) and it works great for me since it isn't a stimulant like Adderall and is a slow burn medication. I find myself actually able to get started on the things I need to do at work without having to fight the urge 24/7 to do anything else that isn't boring to my brain. Problem is that it only lasts around 6 hours at most with a medium morning dose so anytime after that I can just say goodbye to getting any art done after my job is done for the day. I'm thinking of moving to another dose in the evening but with how backordered a lot of ADHD meds are, I doubt I'll be able afford it without miracle insurance. ADHD coverage should be a thing at this point ngl....
the way u started at 5 mg at like 20 and i was at like 15 mg at 12 yrs old😭😭😭😭
My family doctor started me out on Vivance and the lower dose did nothing so my doctor doubled my dose and then it made me feel sick so I stopped taking it. That was 3 years ago. Also I'm Autistic so the results won't be as effective anyway which is better than nothing but still.
You definitely nailed the Vyvanse stuff. You can definitely FEEL the focus once it kicks in, and that’s almost all it does in your favor. Take it too late in the day, say goodbye to your sleep schedule, would have been more productive to skip a day. Does some funky stuff to your appetite too, too focused to be hungry.
Don’t wanna be the cheese ball in this comment section but I’d really recommend meditation if your not taking anything works better than most meds and way better than nothing
Guh is a mood
I tried adderall first, it panned out very similar to your experience, but with the addition that it also made me extremely angry/depressed and impulsive, which is....... a bad combo. Then I tried Concerta, and it helps my actual focus a Little, but does nothing to help with actually Doing things. I assume there is no magical 'med' that will help both. Sigh
"please make sure to unsubscribe" "well APPARENTLY YouTube did it for me >:("
Anyone who's actually into nord vpn I recommend not cause they track ur data lol
Me: watches this video My brain: maybe i am adh- OHH A BIRD
I had a doctor take a... blood sample I think... that got put through a series of tests to generate a list of common psych meds that were more or less likely to work well for me. I dunno if that would be possible for you to do, but maybe it's a piece of the puzzle if you ever want to try again. No pressure of course! I am off meds myself for various reasons heh~~  Thank you for sharing your journey with us!
I have all the symptoms you mention and Im getting kinda curious if I do have ADD or ADHD
as a person with adhd, you should get meds as it does help out majorly
A disgrace for such a good channel to make ads for such a useless thing as a VPN provider.
thnx for making thia vid. i dont have adhd, but mad props for speaking about mental health to us
My problem isn`t "let`s dosomething that requires less time", but "Are you *SURE* we need to do this? Your *REALY* think we would benefit more, than we spend?" And yea, i`m always saying we, when speaking to self :/
i can not remember a name for the life of me its like when i got a certain age of my childhood i couldn't remember things properly i dont know if its cuz the time i got hit in the head or the time I GOT BELLPASY BUT I CAN'T LIKE FOCUS ANY MORE OR DOING ANYTHING LIKE I USED TO.
Wait were you taking your meds everyday?? Everyone who takes stimulants will tell you never take it on the weekends, and try not to take it on Fridays unless you really need it. And also go on at least two "drug holidays" a year where you don't take it for an entire week. Did your doctor not tell you to do all of this?? It's stimulants 101. You were killing your heart, dude. That's why it felt like you couldn't breath. Also it's entirely possible you we taking way too much.
Love youu too
vyvanse gave you autism.. cool
My meds don’t work.
Bro, I love my Vyvanse. But the fact it works for me and not for you, really shows how different of an experience ADHD is for all people. Some people don’t react well to any meds. Or they’re people like me who need meds for other shit too. (ADHD & anxiety gang where you at?) I love knowing I have ADHD. Before I was diagnosed as a young teen I felt so useless and like I was a defective human. But after getting diagnosed I can recognize my symptoms and ask my therapist how to cope. Mental health can be insightful & even kinda fun! ❤
poor computer man ;Π;
Adderal is not meth, it's very much distinct and has garnered a largely unfair reputation as such, just felt the need to note that.
Wait.... It's not normal to think like that?....
i love that you were able to make an almost crippling condition actually funny and not just "haha random = funny." this was genuinely great to watch. I've dealt with ADHD my whole life and recently found out i'm on the spectrum as well, so seeing somebody tell what it's actually like to have ADHD in an accurate and actually humorous way is kind of a relief. I'll be praying for you man, stay strong and keep safe.  also, you managed to get me to sit through a Nord ad and not get bored, so subbed
AD/HD HIGHWAY TO, hey look a squirrel!!
I don't have adhd (at least not diagnosed) but i do have really hard time focusing on some types of work. My solution to that problem was to write all the stuff needed to be done on the week and break them into smaller tasks. For example: you need to write essay; i would break down "write essay" into "write plan for essay", "write first/second paragraph", "check spelling" and so on. I personally find smaller tasks more manageable, and it feels more rewarding. I hope my experience will be of help to someone.
Bro I feel this, ADHD with Vyvanse is definitely how you described it. Luckily for me it seems to be more broad? Ig? Like I can focus on school work and be fine and not get locked into focus of a specific thing. Though that does happens sometimes lol
That description of adhd is one of the most accurate that I've heard. It really is an expirience
Straterra worked wonders for me. I stopped taking it because I gag every time I take pills
I also have ADHD. Should I really take drug? It sounds scary.
I have ADHD and meds never really worked for me either, so at some point I realized I would just have to do everything differently. Like for remembering things, I have (kind of) five or six different “calendars” to help me function so I am surrounded by reminders of what I need to do. So there’s the monthly calendar, the daily calendar, the bulletin board, the online/yearly calendar, the alarms set on my phone through the clock app and the sticky notes on my desk, and these are just all surrounding me while I’m at work so that if I look in any given direction, I’ll probably see at least one of them, which will remind me to look at the others. And it works pretty well for me, even if it sounds excessive.   Another aspect is that I realized I would space out if there wasn’t someone else in the room who I felt might notice, so I made a recording of a busy day at the office with everyone typing and then when I’m alone I play the audio and it tricks my brain into being productive because it thinks other people are present.  Anyways yeah, kinda bizarre solutions but better than meds in my case. It sometimes feels like I’m trying to outsmart my own brain.
My exact same experience. I haven't found anything that fixes it, and nothing that helps is usable.
I am an ADHDemon as well
Just curious, have you ever heard about methylphenidate? Or was Ritalin just that?
Vyvanse hitting for the first time was insane for me. I didnt know that i was taking a stimulant med since i zoned out during the appointment where we discussed what meds to get. My mother got the script for me.  In the middle of my first period class, my head just suddenly went quiet. It was one of the best feelings. I didnt have those crazy thoughts going off unprovoked. The focus was incredible.  Only downside was that for a week my stomach decided it was going to fight me. After just powering thru, it went away.
Concerta 27mg here shit lasts longer than my previous pill and it feels greay
God damn this guy has a baby voice
There's been a shortage on ADHD meds too.
I take focalin XR now  and have been for a few years at this point. I’ve taken both of the meds you have mentioned (they both made me sick 😢) sometimes it takes a few tries to get the right one and for me this one works (the downside being lack of appetite but otherwise not many side effects for me) of course every med is different for each person that is just my experience
talk about Strattera, slow burn, not too difficult to switch tasks for me, also can helps with depression and OCD
Honestly sometimes Vyvanse feels my brain is working 10x faster than my body, or like it isn't working at all  edit: it feels like I briefly leave my body and go into 3rd person for a second. not sure if that's supposed to happen...
Finding a good medication is hard. I personally take Ritalin for my ADHD, and in my experience it helps me stay focused and on task. Although it can make you have no appetite so you need to remind yourself to eat and drink sometimes.
Think of ADHD medication like this: people with ADHD have been procrastinating their studies their whole lives. Once they take medication, it’s like they’re sitting down at the desk for the first time to study. But that does not mean that you are now good at studying just because you’re at the desk. It just means you’re able to sit down at the desk where the textbook is. You can still do a million different things while sitting down at the desk, like any normie could, including not opening the textbook. this discourages a lot of people with ADHD from continuing medication. we have been chasing thrills and good feelings for so many years. for some people with ADHD, seeking out medication was just another good feeling or thrill. “Surely the medication will just naturally lead to being a better person!” we think. well, it doesn’t. it just means you can sit down. now you have to learn emotional restraint, you have to learn how to absorb information, you have to learn that menial tasks matter, patience matters, discipline, and that is no easy feat.
"Did you take a covid test? *Yes* So is it covid? *No*... So Im not sure what this is..." Basically all doctors after the pandemic now xD  I took ADHD meds growing up until about 17, then I decided to ween myself from them. Now that ive gotten older, Ive learned to control myself a bit better...but I very much have days where im all over the place or just so bored out of my mind I cant do anything, because I cant decide on WHAT to do
I use 30mg methaphenidate
person with ADHD here! The worst part about being medicated is realizing that once you begin treatment, you’re starting at square one. your whole life you went without learning basic organization skills, risk, and reward, or impulsivity versus longevity. You have just been doing things that make you feel good to get you to do the next thing hoping to God that it all works out in your favor.  But once you’re medicated, you are literally starting from square one and a lot of people get discouraged because they think the medication should GIVE them those abilities. but if anything being medicated just means you have to teach yourself those abilities. people with ADHD tend to focus on their desire to have control over their lives, but a lot of the tools they need are emotional tools, not just practical, and that can be really confusing for someone who, for the past few decades, has relied on chasing good feelings and thrills only to be told, “Now you just need to learn how to not be an impulsive normie”.   medication is definitely super difficult and it has taken me two decades to figure it out but people who start medication with ADHD need to realize that once you begin, it’s more than just “OK now you’re better” it’s actually like “OK now the real journey begins.”
I feel honestly scared of ADHD drugs even though I have it and it might help. I have a huge fear of becoming chemically dependent on mood changing drugs.
I take a med that helped a few years ago. I was lazer focused. However... on all the wrong things. I get lazer focused on different coding projects(like i will spend insane amounts of time on things). Now I don't even have as much focus on that. One of its side effects is that I lose appetite. I haven't eaten lunch at school this year. Idek what to do anymore. I feel so much more slowed down and less hyperactive on my meds but I don't feel more focused. ADHD sucks
i’m not in america so i have some better healthcare, and i’ll say if you were having shortness of breath with some of your medication, DO NOT TAKE RITALIN. i started off on ritalin and it was AWFUL. i’m on some better meds now, and while ritalin did help me focus, it also made me the most irritable and upset i’ve ever been on meds
polish cow.yeah
This is true
I started to have anxiety attacks when my concerta wore off when I was in college, so I stopped taking it.
i left the video to watch the dancing cow i have adhd i think
As someone with straight ADD I still relate very well, I'm not sure the differences, but all of this is the same issues I have except I felt like on add/adhd medication I was focused but like a zombie and my personality would just wash away , although I'd focus , it felt weird , people would  be worried something was wrong
“Butter” “Milk” “Cheese”  “Bomb” “Defusial” “Classes”  TRANSACTION COMPLETED-
Hey icecreamsandwitch you probably won’t see this but I watch your videos second they come out but you make them like every 2 weeks all I’m asking is to make more videos please
I find that taking the day off from meds when i dont need it helps.  (use meds on days i go to work, no meds on weekends)
ADHD meds aren't really intended to be taken without some kind of cognitive behavioral therapy. You need the therapy learn to guide your thoughts towards doing those productive things you're intending to do. With that said, once I figure out how to book a therapist I and
Meds are useless without therapy. I cannot express just how much therapy aided me. My ADHD medication would have been near-pointless without ADHD-specific therapy to teach me coping mechanisms, how to tap into self-awareness, etc. I can now recognize when I’m being distracted, and know a variety of ways to get myself back on task. Please, seek out therapy, and I hope it helps you as much as it has helped me. 💙
as someone who's taken both of those medications, had bad experiences with both, I'd recommend melatonin, it kept me focused throughout the day, and I was able to focus on multiple tasks as they came up
I've been taking concerta for like 3 years now. It works but Really have to focus on what I'm supposed to be doing. I often forget to eat lunch because I get hyper focused on my schoolwork. Some days coming off it, it feels like you are a human zombie. some days it's just losing the abilaty to put all my brain power into one thing instead of 20 things. You described off and on the meds very well. I have more problems doing physical tasks on my meds however. it does often feel like 6 people are in my brain thinking of a bunch of different things though. You nailed this topic right on the head.
This video spoke to me on a deep level
wish i could get medication for mine....
Yeah, I had the same experience with Adderall. It made me feel happy and good, and like I could think about things without anxiety, but it made me hard to sleep. Also, I feel proud of myself when I can do things without having to take medication. But I feel the same way as you when I’m not medicated. I’m just trying to do things anyway, because I want to be able to do it myself and every medication has some kind of side effect. But in the back of my mind, I always wish I could have the Adderall. I feel like it made me feel really happy and that might be way too addicting so I know I shouldn’t have it. Anyway, it was only a couple years ago that I knew I had ADHD, and before that I felt like I was just a really smart person who has so many things to think about, because I’m so smart! I wish my sister had not told me I had ADHD, because now, instead of feeling like an amazing genius, with so much on my mind That most normal dummies can’t understand, now, I keep thinking there’s a problem with me, but I keep telling myself that they are wrong. That’s just the establishment! Actually, I am a genius that most people can’t understand, because I am interested in so many things that most people aren’t, and most people aren’t smart enough to understand me. I prefer thinking that.
OK but what is that video of a cow?  I NEED TO KNOW
I have two brothers with ADHD (I don’t know how ADHD is only 2%…?), and it can be a little crazy. One isn’t on meds, but the other takes Vyvanse and it really works well for him. On Aderol, he went through bad depression. Different meds just effect different people in different ways.
As a diagnosed ADHD person let me just say. Both those meds were horrible for me. I had the exact same problems you did. I was thrown around to like 5 other meds but ended up with one called Methylphenidate. It worked perfectly for me. I was able to make a list before the meds kicked in then go down that list easily without loosing creativity and even stay social which was another problem I had on the other meds. I also didn't feel stressed or depressed on it. You take them 5 days a week and rest on the weekends and it works perfectly. Just start low dosage and work your way up until you find a good dosage that works well for you. I am 25 now and I still take them to this day on and off when I have a really busy day where I need to get a lot done. I'm a business owner like you so I know there's a lot of sperattic and different tasks to get done in one day so what's nice with this med is that you don't get locked on one task and can work on all of them by working through your list. But that was just my experience, yours might vary.
WHY VIDEO VOLUME SO...NOT VOLUMINOUS?!
I went to do something and now my phone and now I’ve been here for about 2 hours and I forget what I wanted to do
I took adderall xr which led to hyper-productive days, but sleeping for about 4 hours a night. I had miserable headaches when the pills wore off each night and would crash, but not really sleep past 3am. I started seeing things all the time-like black shapes and shadowy things. I could feel the sleep deprivation slowly catching me. Then because of shortages I had to stop taking it. I now take Vyvanse and I really like it. It’s so different, but it’s just like a steady mellow feeling which is fine. I usually have about 3-5 hours of great focus and then the rest of the day isn’t loud. Around 7-8 my thoughts get loud and busy and so I try to go to bed early. I’m able to sleep pretty well and I’ll use CBD gummies if I wake up in the middle of the night. So Vyvanse was definitely a better choice for me. I pay out of pocket though, so for about $12 a day it feels pretty manageable.  I wish my insurance covered it.
As someone who has been taking Vyvanse for about 7 years I feel the symptoms issue, the I notice is that Vyvanse is a stimulant to your heart. So your going to feel cardiovascular fatigue as if you were running and having a bunch of adrenaline in you. What I will say for the meds is that it’s a very interesting hill when it comes to stopping than starting. For the first couple of weeks it will feel good, after that it will have bad symptoms for a couple months, than you will stop being able to feel the meds and they work. But also don’t take advice from a random dude on the internet lol.
Get meds and get them right. If you've got the Combined Presentation of ADHD, your life probably became hell by age 8 like mine. (btw I have 17/18 symptoms.) I take adderall and now I can DO LIFE ITSELF. Memory problems are not solved though, lol, but I can focus on anything!   This endorsement was brought to you by: some moron and a chicken nugget.
One time I got a bigger dose of vyvanse and it literally turned me into a robot
I'm supposed to be doing college homework right now, but then your video caught my eye, then I got food, oh did you know spider monkeys don't have thumbs?!?
I love ice cream sandwich I feel like you only post videos because he get sponsored I literally to know if he still loves to make videos because he never ever makes one with no sponsor these days I know he needs money but I just want to know if he still likes it or if he's just doing it for the check you just doing for the check that's all buy me I just want to know
My doctors note says I have ADHD and Hyperactivity disorder, but my mom denies it, do i have it?
Omg me too
As fuckin awful as ADHD can be, I'm a bit hesitant to take any meds for it seeing as back when I took Adderall it did _literally nothing_ to help me focus and in some cases felt like it made the symptoms worse. I was worried from the thumbnail that this would be a preachy video praising ADHD meds as a whole, so I'm glad to see that you took a more balanced approach to this.
In that situation, I would have tried using a pill  splitter, or in the case of capsules, buy some either empty capsules or something at like idk, a something from a supplements store that was fairly innocuous, dump supplement contents, and carefully pour in part of the contents of one of one capsule in, resulting in a partial dose. I am no professional, but I have had adhd for my whole life and have been taking meds since 3rd grade (I'm 33 now). But yeah if in my case a day comes when I don't want the full effect, I just pour off a little bit of the contents out of my regular dosage.  But I digress. As a kid, my doctor had me try all sorts of different adhd meds, they had me on adderall for a few years, then we found that Focalin XR was as close to "the silver bullet" as we could get,  I have been taking it ever since high school, and it's served me well. Persistance pays, I would suggest talking to your doctor and keeping up the trial and error until you find a solution  that works for you.  And for the love of all that is good DO NOT TRY KERBAL SPACE PROGRAM, IT WILL STEAL DAYYYYS Of YOUR LIFE WITH NO REMORSE WHATSOEVER!!!
Adderall worked great for my ADHD but it was causing heart problems so I switched to a non-stimulant called Straterra and while I focus a little less, I am still able to do the things and I’m not constantly moving around and fidgeting. Compromise.
😂🤣😂🤣...👍.
Terrible audio
I quit meds and got a trade, problem solved
Stimulants for me gave me MASSIVE anxiety bc of my ptsd, and I still took em for years but Strattera works so well for me.
Methylphenidate, got me into a harder droog... Depression... I'm good now 🤣
Wait, the Vyvanse causes the out-of-breath thing? Shit, I thought I was just stressed.
back in high school a girl i was in to had ADHD when she was off here meds she lost all productivity but damn there was never a dull moment around her but on her med she had a vibe killing mood. really regret no asking her out but social pressure won.
Yeah I too have the side effect of watching space stuff when taking vyavanse 🤣
Did you try anything without medications, like meditation for exaple? Just curious..
smoke weed it will help
I have a mid-mild ADHD, and I can relate full time with this guy.😮
That song appears on my son's dancing talking cactus. Boy was I surprised when I looked up the translation of the lyrics
Am I the only one who got diagnosed at birth? I've taken meds almost muh whole life
When I was younger we apparently discovered one of my meds was making me worse- yea…
i FELT the emphasis on concerta. god, i hate that stuff so much.
Finally, someone like me!
hey maybe you should get blue cross blue shield my bf has it as insurance its p cheap and p nice
While watching this, I’m playing a game and watching another video. I’m great at doing one thing at a time :)
At first I took adderall but the effects lasted for at least 1 hr when my body got used to it. My dr switched me to vyvanse and I have good days and bad (but not short of breath). The biggest problem I had was that if I took it every day and/or eat 1 hr before or after it wouldn’t work. My doctor told me to take “holidays” so I only took it when I REALLY REALLY needed it. That pretty much works for me. But don’t listen to me, talk to your doctor 🙂  Edit: with Vyvanse I also didn’t focus on the things I had to do like work. I would just clean. But I thought my first priority is cleaning because my house is a mess and want to take advantage of the situation.
Don't you worry, I am still unsubscribed.
Seeing dopamine all fucked up killed me
Adderall worked really well for me and I would've kept taking it if not for the fact that any anxiety I had was hyper focused and significantly worse. I should really ask about other things lol
Today my it felt like my medication just didn't kick in like at all?  I was super more distinctly distracted and hyperfocus/ hyperfixated today and really struggling with concentration.   I put my cereal down and  left it half eaten, walked off.  ( something I rarely or ever do without finishing, unless I need to get the door or answer a phone call etc)
I don't think adhd should be classified as a mental illness. It just sounds like it's hard to live with but most people jsut live with it not noticing they even have it
As someone with ADHD I’ve never related to a video more
I had to be medicated when I was a kid and ended up fine. I think I "mature" and did not need to be medicated anymore. You can still tell but I control myself better now.
The brain was funny, thanks
Okay, being a Pole and hearing "Biały węgorz" at the beginning literally killed me
I took vybance for like 4 days untill it was absolutely unbearable. I could finally listen, I could finally focus, hear people, do my work. But I'd become too hyperfocused to the point I was being over stimulated. And I'd have manic breakdowns over noises that weren't even annoying at all and I was so paranoid and anxsious. And I quit cold turkey lmao. Now I'm just on antidepressants and anti anxsiety medications.
this video is exactly me
This dancing cow song is very dark, he talking about heavy drugs use (coke), for example “I have thoughts in my head When will all this end” or “Oh fuck, I think I'm gonna die If I don't snort something soon.” Or “I will sell everything from my crib I'm actually fucked up already However, everything is sold already” it’s not ok for family friendly content I think.
WhEn YoU sTuMbLe On ThIs RaNdOmLy
According to doctors I have ADHD  never gonna take meds cuz I really feel thats for massive ultra extreme cases and maybe for people with autism or something  all people I know that takes meds for ADHD are just ...kinda ...odd  like my 18-24 year old friends dont seem their age they just seem off all the time cuz of the meds kinda more "dull" And just really not ever seem like they enjoy being in that age or like a teen/adult starting their life they just feel like they're fuckin 45 or some shit   Just feels like westerners especially american's first choice is to drown u in meds Then i end up seeing some growing up turning 20 or some shit and quits meds for whatever reason then realizes their childhood just felt out of place or wasted cuz they never had a choice in it and were drowned in meds for this.  i managed it for all these years and it was never super crazy difficult, i just have to keep a schedule on and write things down cuz i forget what im doing almost all the time so having things recorded sure help
I was undiagnosed with ADHD and was told I had a possibility of being on the spectrum by my counselors growing up in school. Covid era comes around and I had the ability to talk to a therapist. Come to find out, my counselors were right. I had ADHD and I was “high functioning autism” (which I heard doesn’t really exist but that’s what I was told). It was a great relief to find out that I wasn’t crazy and that I really needed to try to find out how to handle it. I’m taking methylphenidate (generic Ritalin) and it’s not bad! I’m taking 30mg right now cause I had to start from square 1 as well cause I stopped taking it cause it was so expensive. I used to take 40mg, so chances are I’ll be taking that real soon.
Dead dopamine lying on the floor of the brain killed me. I loved this.
Well you found a half solution.   Need something physical done, take first one.
Someone who has been diagnosed pretty much right at birth, ADHD meds can either range from making you want to kill yourself to having literally no side effects. Would not recommend for the inconsistency.
you know the worst part of ADHD? back then in the 80s and 90s, ADHD in girls weren't considered a thing, but that was EXACTLY what Sis and I suffered throughout our learning careers (she has ADD-I, and i have the classic). instead, they put me in special class under suspicions of language impalement and emotional problems (along with other problem children who're more likely to commit crime and come from broken family), and my sister was put in a gifted kids' program of sorts, which i eventually got into in seventh grade thanks to a perceptive English teacher. but guess what was even worse about THAT program? my sister sucks at math, but i didn't, so while i was still doing dumb math in high school (not advanced algebra or even per-calculous or anything), my sister was put in HARD MATH, and she HATED it. meanwhile, even though Sis got advanced English in the program, *I* also got advanced English, and that was the WORST subject EVER in my entire life because i cannot absorb written or spoken words AT ALL. i didn't even LIKE to read AT ALL. it was a waste of time and a waste of brain resource on my end that i needed to keep on full tap in order to cope with having to deal with either fatherless a-hole high schoolers or an a-hole for a father who seems to focus more so on his work, talking mom's ear off over god-knows-what, and telling us how we're going to hell inna hand-basket after watching the six o'clock news.  then Sis and i got diagnosed in 2021. while she was 40 and i was 38. i am essentially Molly Gru yelling at the unicorn (my ADHD diagnosis) "DAMN YOU! WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!?!" at this point in my life and have not yet crossed over the forgiveness aspect of it yet.  so ladies who can relate to ICS and any other ADHD-ers out there and have not been diagnosed into their late 30s, 40, or 50s, GET TESTED. it's not just a boy thing: girls can have it, they just show symptoms differently from boys, and society HATES unruly boys going out into the battlefields in the name of big oil while said society pretends women don't exist for the majority of the time except for the "life is precious, save the babies!" conga line.
Sounds like you don't just have an issue that needs medicated but also need discipline. The medicine will not make you do what you are supposed to magically you have to do that part yourself. And Vyvanse is basically meth too only with a controlled release function. Yes Vyvanse is definitely a better medication than Adderall. Adderall is more like taking one big puff of meth to start your day whereas vyvanse is more like taking small ones periodically throughout the day. The bell curve /, peak of the compound's effects in your body is a lot more stretched out with Vyvanse.
I just realized I needed to study today   huh
I have ADHD and  1:09  is so true to me
As a pharmacist i can confirm, *drugs*
A friend of mine said taking ADHD meds made him feel like a zombie. And it sounds like the same happened for you.  I have ADHD as well. But I figured by hearing other experiences that meds don't fix a mental solution. Meds can cure a temp disease. But when it comes down to something built in the mind. Sooner or later, you're mind will be immune.  What I've done is learn how to control my mind cause i know how it works. In that way, I can be productive with reaching my goals while also taking breaks. ADHD people can be focusses. We just have to take breaks more often cause our minds may now gain positive energy from one task for a long amount of time. If social media doesn't entertain me, I have anime. If a game doesn't interest me atm i just play a different game. It's not that we can focus, we just might lose happy energy faster on some thing but can do one thing longer than others  Hyperfixation doesn't work on everything. But the ADHD mind forces someone to do thing they enjoy than things they don't care about We don't have the luxury to do more important things like regular minds. We have to change things up now and then. So paying bills can take a whole day to do cause we need to take a break and entertain our minds.
Hey idk if it's bothering anybody else but this video is WAY quieter than most other videos and i have to keep cranking my audio up every time i watch it.
As someone with ADHD, I understand this struggle so well
Tons of food additives cause ADHD symptoms.  Vaccines can cause neurological issues that can seem like ADHD symptoms.  Some ADHD medications have been proven to halt brain development and even shrink brain tissue.   Adderall is an amphetamine.   Tibetan Rhodiola may help with ADHD.
2:18 I actually went on medication just recently for my ADHD and this is EXACTLY what it felt like! I've been describing it as "My brain just started working". It's wild how much of a huge difference it makes. But yeah the ADHD medication scene is hard to navigate sometimes, there's a lot of different options. Adderall worked for me for a while before I realized the side effects were making me miserable since I could neither eat nor sleep. It's a matter of just kind of trying things to see what works.
Vyvanse is still dexamphetamine (dexadrine, dextroamphetamine), but it has lysine attached, so your body can't use it directly. However, once it's been in your blood-stream for awhile, your body goes "hmmm, lysine ... I'll take that off and use it to make something else" then the molecule becomes ordinary dex again and starts to work as normal. The chance of this happening for any particular molecule in a dose of medicine is random and follows a bell curve over about 12 hours. that is what makes it come on gently, peak in the middle of the day, then tail off (hopefully) before bed-time. That is some clever chemistry right there!   I have not checked this but someone told me the patent for this will run out soon. If this is the case, there will be some cheaper equivalents to Vyvanse in the near future. Also, because it would be highly impractical to use recreationally (am I wrong about this?), it is possible some governments will change its legal status/schedule etc.
I think your shortness of breath was chronic hyperventilation due to heightened focus and thereby accidental awareness of breathing. This caused co2 imbalance which causes your headache and feelings of shortness of breath (choking).  Hope it was that, actually.
I'm already unsubscribed
Was confused by the directions and subscribed
Hate to break it to you and your friend, but vyvanse is also an amphetamine just like adderall and meth. And molly. And Dexedrine. And others!  Ritalin is closely related to cocaine. Psychoactive ADHD meds tend to be stimulants, and for the most part you’ve got drugs similar to those two illegal substances… well, technically you can be prescribed meth.  Might be worth trying Ritalin or Concerta or something similar since they’re not similar to adderall or vyvanse. Might be that a change in diet and increase in exercise is as helpful. For me, I need nutrition, exercise, and meds, and it’s still a struggle. If I fall off one of those things get rough.
ADHD is like multiple sentient consciences layered over each other like a big Mac... mmmm burger. At least in my experience
It’s funny I have adhd and I clicked off the video because I got distracted 😂
(I'm not a medical professional, so ... grain of salt etc.) Executive functions get a bit scrambled by not having the right amounts of dopamine and norepinephrine in the right places in the brain. Stimulant medications help sort that out but ... In my experience, getting diagnosed later in life, there is a lot of stuff you need to learn, relearn and unlearn. Some of those books about how to get your sh*t together that you read and threw out might actually work with the meds in action.   Imagine you never learned to read for your whole life then someone figures out that it's because you need glasses. You put on your new glasses and suddenly you can clearly see all the text on the page. You still can't read it though ... It's the same with executive functions. You have to learn all that stuff from scratch. you also need to question the assumptions and thought patterns that help you get through life with ADHD, such as "If I leave this to the last minute, it'll just take a minute, right??" "If I don't set goals or make plans, I can't fail" etc.  If you are in a country where meds are expensive and stimulants make you feel bad (they did in my case, but that went away later), there are off-script non-stimulant ones that show promise. I found Modafinil helpful. It's a bit like an anti-anti-histamine often used for narcolepsy. Because it is not a stimulant, and would be a lame recreational experience, its legal status is more permissive and you can (in Australia at least) get a GP to prescribe it without needing a Psychiatrist. Also, you can order cheap generics from India etc. (with the usual caveats) without getting a visit from the police. Anyway, ask real doctors for advice. Modafinil (and its variants) works via Histamine pathways, so there is a chance you can get a rash or other allergy-like from taking it. This happened to me once, but these particular tablets were past their use-by date and may have changed chemically over time. (dispose of old meds even if it's tempting to keep them if money's tight).
I had been taking ADHD meds at one point but the thing was even if I ate with them I would always throw them up so I never really experienced any effects and I just had to like stop taking it ended now it's like four years later and my grades in high school are tanking except for automotive I like that one it's Hands-On
6:10 or you know, just become ksp2 youtuber and leave everything else
I've never been tested but I show a lot of these symptoms
I'm losing it laughing out loud within the first ten seconds. My brother was obsessed with this song too lol.
10/10 content holy shit 😂😂😂
I was on concerta / ritarin before now im off for a while now and i think the symtoms resurfacing back after like 10 year so now i think i need to go back to see doc.
I have adhd symptoms but my parents won’t let me get a test wich after your video on it I don’t want to I’m just gonna stay self diagnosed for now
Ima be annoying now…  https://youtu.be/Y82jDHRrswc
meow
I want the name of that dancing cow video. Asking for a friend.
Being medicated for my ADHD made me realize how God awful I was before it, even if the improvement is mediocre at best lol
I got adhd and take Dexmethylphenidate
Oh no! I'm sorry that you had issues with Vyvance. It did really help me focus at work. Maybe look around some more, you'll find what you need to do at some point. Pressing my thumbs for you.
So I have ADHD and I've never taken meds, and I experience both of what you did on meds but more like your 2nd med. One day I can be wildly productive and the next 6 hours of research into how the circuits inside of an ice cream maker I'll never own work and could be improved. It also leads to a lot of purchases of things I really get into super hyper focused on until I feel like I've learned all their is and then I don't touch the stuff every again. I'm looking at you fencing longsword on the wall. I'm left feelings like making either of those things worse only swings me more in the wrong direction either way. I need to be able to focus on one thing for more than 1 minute but don't need to devote my entire existence to said thing for 3 weeks straight and then get bored of it and move on.
What you experience is called Seratonin Syndrome. You are making too much seratonin from the meds. THIS CAN KILL YOU IF YOU DONT DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT. All you need to do is lower the dose or change to a medication that is mild. ALWAYS BE TRANSPARENT WITH YOUR DOCTOR. CALL EARLY IF YOU FEEL LIKE YOU NEED TO.
I unsubscribed... and then decided to subscribe again. I wonder why he told me to do that...
Hehe, Funni cow be Funni-ing
Every single thing when it comes to some sort of pill or medical treatment - especially those on the psychological spectrum - are a HUGE risk/benefit scenario. That, or they fix one thing and then produce 3 other things you DON'T want. Having tunnel vision is something I deal with a lot, and it's with results and lack thereof. After undergoing TMS therapy, I realized that no matter what it is in the psychotropic realm, it will never be a quick fix or a be-all-end-all type of solution. At least, for things such as attention, depression, anxiety, etc. It's so complicated and despite what people think, our understanding of this stuff is super super immature. It's not nearly close enough to how we understand things like the cardiovascular system, organs, etc. In any case, I find that more of the side-effects of all the drugs I've or my friends have been on are worse than the benefits it produces. I'm a firm believer in the social construct type of idea these days, just from being through the ringer of meds and treatment. We live in a very different and fast society now, and everyone is having to adapt at really crazy paces. A lot of what I find to help me is eliminating things that make things worse, as opposed to trying to find new things or ways to make something better. I watched a video Dr. K posted recently about positive deviance and how people tend to reflect more on what they did wrong and how that happened as to what they did right. I.e., if you focus on the things you did leading up to a good day, you may be able to look at those things and produce another good day as a result. I actually had a few breakthroughs in listening to this, and realized we all kind of do this without being aware to some extent. I'm attempting to do this with more awareness moving forward, consciously applying it that is, and I'm hoping to see some really good results. Good luck fellow 2d machination!
what is that cow video? I need it I need it I need it I need it
I learned that I did so much better at everything when I didn't have any ADHD medication at all, and just got into a habit of doing things I didn't like, which then turned into things I liked doing, like cleaning my room or the house or doing chores or tasks, now I genuinely like cleaning and doing chores or just basic everyday things and now I do them without even thinking. I just had to keep doing them even though I didn't like them or want to and tasks weren't as bad or undesired as I made them out to be, it's more or less getting into the habit of doing them
easy peoblem take meth
whats the song name at the beginning of the vid?
Not surprisingly, I meet acquaintance with all of the symptoms.
3:55 for skiping sponsorship
It's funny because im watching this video AS I'm distracted and supposed to be doing work.
my problem was that i didn’t have an appetite while on medication so i just never ate, and also really hated taking them on the weekends when i didnt ~need~ to be productive, so when id start taking them again on monday it just made me feel like absolute crap cuz i wasn’t used to the meds. ended up just giving up on being medicated and living with my ADHD
Strattera
I don’t know what an HD is but my doctor says I got 80 of ‘em
ADHD meds is just fuel, you still have to steer the vehicle.
im here for polish cow jeszcze ktoś jest tym faktem bardzo zdziwiony ? :D
Yup Vyvance gave me the feeling of out of breathe or as I like to call it (my heart is racing at 10,000 bpm and won’t stop)
I also have ADHD and I take atomoxetine
The way 2:22 describes my days exactly 😭😭 (I'm diagnosed my parents aren't allowing me to be medicated. I'm currently having a break idk nothing feels ok)
Meds stopped working for me. I was on them for about two years, and me and my parents kept upping the doses, and after awhile it just stopped working lol
I have ADHD + abnormal  And autism  I have no thoughts   Pills... I can't tell the difference :D
thing is i have ADD and dyslexia. I've never taken meds but I've found doing things like tell myself "if i do this i can have a treat" or having a physical space between work and home helps because I've found that i cant do work at home because i get distracted too easily whereas if I'm at the library or in Uni i find it easy to do work however i know this wont work with everyone because everyone has their own experience with ADD and ADHD.
I’ve never heard Vyvance described so well. I still personally prefer it over any others, but every medication has its downsides. I could be extremely hyper-productive & on task one day, but unproductive and sucked into an obscure topic/hobby the next day.   It really comes down to consistency, environment, limiting your time spent in isolation, and limiting your exposure to overstimulation. (internet, online shopping, youtube)
i take ritalin, but the long acting one and works PRETTY well, like, REALLY works. i used to have every side effects that you can imagine and read but after 3 months it stopped. all of the sudden.
Can I have that cow clip.
Ironic that this vid made me realize ive been putting off like 5 things i need to do for the past 6 and a half hours. Im just gonna
I tried to take ADHD meds this year they didn’t do much for me, but after like a week they started making me really depressed hehe 😅
so i myself have taken both of these and still take Vyvanse and frankly i never noticed anything, like they worked but they didnt work, so thats one of the reasons we came to the solution that while i probably did have adhd (most likley because one week i would only do one task in my free times and the next i went back into a deep lul where there is nothing i want to do and everything hurts)theres a 100% assurance that i have autism, which blew my mind because i was "too emotional at times" and "understand english with a deep concept" but thats what placed me more accurately on the aspergers side of the spectrum, autism is constantly misdiagnosed and the best times to be tested is when some one is 8-9 years old. maybe try getting tested for adult autism, im not saying youre probably autistic but im saying theres a slim possibility being neurodivergent to begin with
Ohohohoh SO I do not have adhd, only the symptoms because anxiety is a bitch :) But I DO take anxiety/depression meds (idk what they’re called i dont pay attention) and it was just really hard to get into the routine of taking them every night because it was always the mindset of ‘ehhh skipping one night wont hurt’ but it did *it did hurt* The first night i took the meds i was gagging over my trash can. Then it got to the point where if i stopped taking the meds for a day i got withdrawal. (Btw maybeee DONT suddenly stop taking ur meds thx) I skipped for three days once and i was constantly dizzy, literally could not move my eyeballs without pain.
Fun fact: I literally just found this video while getting distracted from making a video about my project not working and also I just completely forgot about wanted to fix it uh and now I'm here yeahhhhhh
this is exactly why i stopped taking meds 5 years ago
I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 16. The reason why we found out, is because I was a very diligent and dedicated student, always did homework ect. Halfway through the school year, I suddenly couldn't remember anything about math I learned that year during a test exam, and broke down. My teacher talked to my parents, my parents talked with the doctor and I went to a child psychologist. I think I started Methylphenidate. After a couple of years, the effect started to wear down, aka my body got used to it. So then I started on Concerta (forgot how to write the name) it went pretty well. But my body got used to it, and we couldn't raise the mg so now I'm on Elvanse. It's like the best ever. I'm also on the highest dosage of Elvanse, 70mg. In the past, I had to constantly eat something with lots of sugar and soda to get energy enough to get through the school day. After that, I was so tired I would just lay in bed. If someone told me a secret, there was an 80% chance I'll forget it. I also forgot so many things about my childhood, and my memory was horrible. I was constantly tired, and tried to focus by shaking my leg, drawing or just doing something while listening to the other. I'm surprised I even passed that grade. After being on medication, my childhood memories had slowly returned, I can remember better (but not perfectly), my stomach is not an empty pit, and I could actually concentrate on things. I have 3 times last two years forgotten to take my medication. I remember last time I forgot, but it was Friday and we got home early that day. One hour after I got home, I slept for 15 hours straight... Never doing that again...
meditation plus low any adhd drug equals perfection
I just use willpower cause when I was a kid, my parents wouldn't let me take any adhd meds, its pretty exhausting sometimes. My elementary school gave me and a few other adhd kids a course on active listening, and that helped me through college. Does anyone know where to get meth?
Old-school liquid meds worked for me, but they tasted a bit nasty and had terrible side-effects - especially if taking way more than than a sensible dosage. But I must say that in my later years of life, this medicine is reliable, and helps me to calmly focus and be happy. It's formula is C2H6O. So amazingly simple.
My brother once forget his friends name and just had to call him “bro” two of my brothers have adhd I love them so much even though I never get to spend time with them because they’re always away I still hold the closest memories we’ve had together ❤
Honestly feel called out at so many levels, didn't get diagnosed untill my 19th birthday a little over a year ago now. Growing up being told to just try harder and not knowing why I could never complete a simple task was soul crushing and after fighting for the chance to get tested I'm glad I did. I tried all sorts of meds, and had a similar experience to Ice cream sandwich. They worked but it was a gamble on what I could focus on, Plus stimulants meds after a while they made me extremely exhausted and out of breath. Also it made my motor tics flare up so I had to switch to non stimulants. Even though stimulants didn't work for me they work for others. It all depends on the person and I'm glad I went through the trial and error. I'm glad these conversations are being made since there has historically been a lack of ADHD
"Idk, maybe they're wrong, I don't feel like I have adhd"  **Watches this video** "...okay.... yeah.... that's me."
IS THE HEAT DEATH OF THE UNIVERSE SOMETHING I NEED TO WORRY ABOUT. MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE THO
Man, these videos must be taking him sooo long to make
The out-of-breath and the joint pain are soo true, also always feeling thirsty
Im 14 and i have ADHD what ice cream sandwich said here is how it was for me when my family started noticing that i might have adhd they did not put me on meds then cause i was 3-4 when finding out they started me on meds when i was like….idk 6-8… they put me on quilevant XR the liquid i never liked taking my meds and i still dont cause they made me feel like there was something wrong with me and my family would always treat me diffrent and yell at me becuase of stuff that happens due to my ADHD and they still do. The way my ADHD works is a little difrent from Ice Cream sandwich. I will either get like really focused on something or do nothing i know he said that but i mean without meds im like that also not to mention having to do things mostly hands on you see most people with ADHD cant sit still at a desk and intake knowledge they have to be imersed in the experience so stuff like guided packets are nice for us. I also feel that people get ADHD kind of mixed up they see it as being really hipper well thats a yes and no when ur brain is first realizing you have ADHD its like that but as it mellows down u realize that u have to stop doing that. So let me put it this way if you have watched Naruto think of it as him and Karuma so in this case Karuma is ADHD symptoms and etc in Naruto when he is young the seal is strong but for this just think that the seal is weak when he's young so when you are younger the ADHD. Seeps into you and its very hard to control like karumas chakra then when you get older the seal and control gets stronger so your ADHD is much easier to control then when the seal was broken and Naruto joined with Karuma u are doing something like that but with ADHD YOU are in control of your own mind sure you might get a little shaky but its much better. Something about my meds that i have noticed is the more i take it the more i will not have to use it anymore quilevant works with your mind to train it in contolling ADHD. Other things that help are acomidations i have a computer that i get to have with my 504 plan per request and it really helps out the computer plus my meds WOW i have never had this good of grades and when i get all my work done on the computer I play games and my teachers are ok with that cause i get my work and notes done it makes me happy because i see that they have trust in me and even without my meds my mind is so used the computer wich i got this year in 8th grade that i know to do the work and notes then play games and have fun on the computer. One other thing about ADHD is the day dreaming i swear to GOD if there is one thjng i could get rid of from ADHD its the daydreaming even with my meds it happens im just sitting there staring at the most random shit and my mind goes- NO BLINKING NO TALKING NO MOVING NO NOTHING YOU WILL STARE AT THIS RANDOM THING- yes it makes me forget to blink and i feel so bad for the people around me cause they sometimes think im stairing at them but in all reality im prob staring at ur pencil. Thats about it also something else i want to point out is please don't treat people differently because of ADHD and other mental illnesses etc. its not nice lastly people with ADHD will most likely act out because they want to be noticed and liked due to the fact that they feel like outcast so don't neglect them embrace them and talk to them just overall be a good person this also goes for a lot of teachers out there the way that you treat your student with ADHD can really effect them remember you are an adult so they look up to you so don't just think that what i said is for students and children its also for adults everyone should just learn to be nice anyways if anyone wants to know more about ADHD just ask 🙂 (sorry for any spelling errors i was just trying not really looking for capitalization or punctuation)
I have meds I just forget to take them every day for like... 3 years straight now.
I've been dealing with ADHD for nearly 25 years or probably longer. I tried doing meth last month cause I can't really get my Drs to give me any amount of anything to take. I looked into what the difference between Adderall and meth are, and it's basically one little chemical line. So..... I don't have any more access to meth though, so I'm really unsure of what to do now. Lol. I have another Drs appointment in a month. We'll see.
Oh and by the way If you're continuing to fall down the Spaceflight rabbit hole then definitely take a look at Kerbal Space Program, it's a really fun game based around building spacecraft and flying across a solar system using realistic orbital mechanics. I'd recommend the original,but not the sequel as it has just released and is unstable as all hell, so I wouldn't start with it.
Vyvanse didn't work for me since I have ADHD and it just gave me hallucinations-
I mean from my experience with conzerta it’s a mix of both but it can make you wild if you go off it for a bit
I started off with concerta, and it didn’t work out. Now I’m on Vyvanse and I’m experiencing similar symptoms of really horrible sleep patterns and feeling like any physical task completely destroys me. Maybe I should just stay unmedicated… the drugs always seem to make things worse
i wanna apologize that i forgot i wanted to follow i dont know why im saying this but i need a hug
Abused Adderall for 10 months. It wrecks your testosterone, sleep schedule, appetite, mental health, and so much more... but man does it feel good. So glad I quit. Bacopa and coffee have worked quite well in adderalls absence.
Todays upload is a little on the quiet side
i did cbd for like ever 😭
Yeah I had a similar experience with my anti-depressants  I took them for awhile, realized I wasn't getting results remotely similar to what I wanted, or just really bad side effects. So I just.. stopped.. taking them.  The worse part is that I soon realized after talking to my mom is that she probably would have encouraged me to keep taking them. Because the benefits outweigh the side effects for her, and, sure, that may have worked for her but it didn't for me because I enjoy the sweet release of crying and my meds weren't letting me do that.  Which I figured out recently wasn't the meds. It's a mess, to say the least
I like that you put polish cow there becuase the song is about drugs and being high lol
I have adhd I had to take it for 10 years I had methylphenidate it helped with focus but the side affects caused lost of appetite and sleepiness but it worked but I hated it bc I was skinny now I’ve been off of them for 4 years and I feel better but try them it helps
That explains why I have like 10 plans in my mind and none done or even started...
Hi, I’ve been wanting to get into doing stuff like this. With a focus on it being ok to reflect and find trauma and abuse humours as a way forward in mental health. Recreating a narrative that puts one in control by laughing instead of as a victim of abuse.  Although I can find events funny now I have an issue with communicating that. I have Asperger’s and a deep voice, my sense of humour makes the UK’s look like a slip and slide. I wanted to see if I could ask you for advice?
Yoooo his brain is the same as mine.-A SQUARE and has adhd
wha... who?... I love this!
I got depressed and meds make it worse.   I got numb, no feeling. If I can’t feel excited to be distracted, than I won’t get distracted. But if you know about serotonin levels, if you ain’t happy, you ain’t happy. I got super depressed. I couldn’t get off meds cuz I get distracted, on meds I was depressed. Neither made me happy of where I was. I got work done with meds so thank you, but HOLY SHIT
My doctor started me off at a mid dosage of Adderall at 15mg. It was great except for in certain situations, like coming out of a shower, I would have such a horrible breathlessness like I would need to lay down on my bed for 5 minutes just catching my breath. Personally I'm on 10mg now and I love taking my medication! It genuinely helps me function and manage school and work. However, currently I'm off medication. Not because I think it's bad, but because the shortage is just hitting my area right now :(
I'm glad your doctor listened to your concerns. When I was a preteen I was diagnosed with ADHD and medicated with server different stimulants trying to find the best one. After a couple of years I started having heart palpitations and my doctor decided to take me of stimulants and we tried stratterra instead. This worked for me however I started having sudden outburst streaming and throwing things. My doctor then misdiagnosed me with bipolar disorder. After being medicated with lithium bicarbonate, which causes symptoms of bipolar disorder in people who *don't* have the disorder, I lost 10 years of my life due to various antisocial behavioral side effects. The outbursts and depressive episodes went away until one year I got a horrible stomach bug and couldn't hold food or medicine down for almost a week when all the issues suddenly.... just went away. Now I don't take any medications and just deal with the ADHD as best I can. I find that eating properly helps and I've developed some other tricks to help me focus with certain tasks but it's still a struggle sometimes.
I've taken Vyvanse before and while I could focus the wind down from it was so violent I was a totally different person, to the point my parents were scared for my health. Vyvanse is also close to method too. I now take Strattera but if I don't take it very day I get extremely sick since it's a 24 hour medication that you have to build up dosage and build down dosage
I have suspicious of me having adhd but idk how to prove that, i think i should text my physician?
6:44 Medications can I think sometimes exhaust you, oh yeah running for no reason is extra exhausting
But yeah 4:05 you start to need more medication after awhile I don’t know why but your ADHDs like “NO u nO fOCUS NoW”
I just saying I take meds and it’s is so weird to feel calm
I was diagnosed with ADHD ever since I was 7, and I've been lucky enough to have a genuinely caring therapist since then. I've hopped from medication to medication over the years and I now primarily take Focalin. It's not perfect, but it works well enough for me when I need it to that I don't feel pressed to change at the time. Different meds work for different people, and sometimes no meds is best for some people. I think what's most important is having that other human element who's willing to help you try things and find out what works for you.
try melatonin
ÑEH
Loving your videos, no matter how long they take to make. Keep it up man!
As a fellow ADHDer, I’ve really loved these videos. I was diagnosed when I was in 3rd or 4th grade. I had always been very energetic and distractable but one day I came home with a bad grade on a math test. I had just skipped like half of the questions. My mom asked what happened and I broke down crying cause I honestly didn’t realize I had skipped stuff while doing the test. The first medication my doctor gave me caused night terrors so he switched me to adderall.
its literally all meth. all of it.
took me like 2 and a half years to get diagnosed (not a normal situation, there were various complications), but i'm glad i stuck it out because my meds (Concerta gang whaddup) let me do new crazy fun tasks such as: - actually doing the readings for my degree  - showering without having a 15 minute argument with myself about why it's important first - following the plots of shows - listening during lectures/speeches/concerts/regular everyday conversations  - washing my dishes without crying  and so much more! medication is definitely not for everyone, but it's absolutely worth trying. i wish there was less of a tendency towards abuse with these kinds of meds because it makes them harder to get access to for those of us who benefit from them, and they've been life-changing for me.  (as a side note, Vyvanse and Adderall have very similar active ingredients, but the active ingredient present in Ritalin and Concerta is different, and there are also non-stimulant medication options available, so if you're happy to stay off meds that's great, but know that if it's still something your're interested in, there are more options out there and that it's definitely not a one size fits all sort of thing.)
Medication is the best way to help ADHD symptoms but you NEED psycological help as well.
no matter how miraculous meds are they always have side effects... its better to not take meds and just accept them as part of you
Essentially taking meth? Hard pass.
Bro I have ADHD too and take meds for it, try methylphenidate
I took ritalin in highschool. Stopped taking it when I graduated and then once I started driving needed meds again, got prescribed Vyvanse, and I had the same fast heartrate issue. Then started taking dexmethlphenedate which was better but would give me a mild headache, started taking magnesium with it and problem solved.
#Relatable (ADHD gang unite)😂🎉
I am on 35 mg concerta ... Cant live without
concerta has helped me the most out of adderall, vyvanse, and focalin
relatable
guh
if i have one job, am 100% focused on it. but ones something comes into my focus BOMB, there goes my focus.
ADHD is just a wild ride😵‍💫. At times your high on life😂 or hyper-focused🧐 on something that you find interesting, then at others, you feel like you just hit a brick wall🧱, no energy😮‍💨, no motivation😒, just a hole🕳 that honestly, sometimes you literally can't get out of without waiting for it to pass⏲😔.   My experience with ADHD has just been constant ups📈 and downs📉 sometimes very frequent (~a few seconds) and sometimes really long (~5-8 hours) and it just doesn't stop. Its like a wave🌊 your riding in a lil surfboard that you have no control over. And this wave is straight BOOLIN' man😼, it can go from a got dam tsunami🌊⏫, to a spiraling whirlpool😵‍💫, to calm waters🕊 in a matter of minutes. So what I've learned is that you can't keep trying to control the wave, its a force of nature, its gonna do its thing and that's that.   So let it be✋, and start looking at what you CAN control. You're the surfer on the wave🏄, so what's kept you afloat thus far? What are you riding on🤔? What's stopped you from being swallowed by the wave, or if you feel like you are drowning, what do you need to at least keep your head above water?  Ice cream 🤤. Or maybe a SURFBOARD! A floaty! A lil boat🚣! Just something to keep you up. Then once you find/make that system in your life, refine refine refine it. Upgrade it, add new pieces to it. Build it up, let life test it by trial of fire 🔥 (And by god, will life humble you man)  then try again.   One piece (reference🤭) of my own and of many other people's systems is MEDICATION💊. If you're the surfer🏄, medication is like foot straps🦶 on a slippery surfboard, its the clarity of mind that a cup of coffee☕ can bring, its like a steady hand👐 that grabs your waist and helps guide you on the wave🌊 and keep you anchored on the board. You still have to do the work of surfing and steering, but medication grants you a clear focus🤓 and control that we all try so hard for.  (Someone in this comment section had an analogy to a pair of shoes and that is a PERFECT comparison🔥🔥🔥)  The hardest part of the process is the patience you need cuz it jus takes so much time. But, DON'T GIVE UP‼NEVER GIVE UP‼It can and WILL get better✅. (The good ending😁)  Your system will take your entire life to build, so try and enjoy the process and celebrate the little wins. Track how far you've come and reflect on it periodically. You can't focus on the end goal, you gotta focus on the process, Life will be more fun that way😁.  This comment is getting WAYYY to long, but I saw this video and got excited 2 share my own Slice O' ADHD Life w/ ya'll.  So the last thing below is my advice on getting started with your system using habits, if ya read this far, then VERY SWAG and I hope this helped ya. Love you guys, and keep on being yo' selves!!!😁🫂   Find a goal you want and break it down to its core🍎. Ask yourself, 🤔why do I want this? and as you answer keep asking why until you've reached the core motive/want and start from there. If its a motive that stems from what👉💁 YOU want (and not what someone else wants❌🙅), then turn it into your own way of life😎. After all it is something core to you isn't it? So be it‼  But how do you make this core_value/motive/lil_piece_of_you turn into your own way of life and identity?  (enter Mr. Habits🤵)  Keep them:  1) 👀Obvious (can't miss their cue in ur day2day)                    [Ex. Keep it in your line of sight]                       2) 😏Attractive (Add something enjoyable to it)                        [Ex. Listen to music/podcast while doing habit]                       3) 🥱Easy (Start with the smallest action towards it)               [Ex. If the habit is making breakfast everyday, buy freezer waffles & flop those 🐶in the toaster each morning🤤]                       4) 😁Satisfying (Make the habit rewarding when you finish)   [Ex. If the habit is washing your hands, find a hand soap that smells AMAZING & use it!]  Start small🤏 and slow🦥, then work your way up⬆ from there. Be patient with yourself 👍and don't be too hard on yourself😁. Be sure to practice self-love🫂 (Make it a habit!)   Lastly, don't hate the wave❌🙅🌊. In time, I believe we each can build a system that works around/with the wave🏄✅🌊, and I even think it can get to the point where that wild wave actually starts to help us more than it used to hinder us🌊 🤩and I think that's when we'll really start to shine☀
Vyvanse did the same thing to me. The breathlessness, and like brain zappy weirdness.
noooooooooooooooo, my cow video ToT I will never forgive you
H E L P - It is so incredibly hard for me to focus and this leads to me getting in trouble often, and I can't keep up with my school work because of this... I tried talking to my mom about me maybe having ADHD, but she dismissed it as saying "your probably to young, it's just that you learn by using your hands"  now hearing about how bad ADHD medication is- whsggfgiwiz
FUCK DO YOU MEAN ADDERALL IS PRACTICALLY METH WHAT WHAT THE FUCK. NAAAAAH IM TALKING TO MY DOC IMMEDIATELY WHAT THE FUCK.
My meds made me depressed as heck and I starved myself accidentally but they "worked"
I'm literally supposed to be studying for the ACT right now...Yet here I am. How silly of you, my adderal adhd brain
the polish cow 😭
I only started taking my ADHD seriously over the last two or so years. I've been aware of my diagnosis since I was 6 I believe. I am now 26 and the last time I was medicated for it was at 10. I was taking Stratera and Concerta, with both making me depressed and violently ill. I quit taking them (bad idea I know) and it actually traumatized me to the point I couldn't take pills for a long time. Well at 24 I started on a routine of anti-depressants that are also used for ADHD. The pills worked for about a year, then I suddenly spiraled into depression and it was bad. I finally got switched to Adderall and I've never been better. My first dosage was too high but after an adjustment I feel super happy. I was able to get my bachelor's degree, the first in my family, and I have never been more productive at work. My advice to everyone, you are all different, there's no one treatment fits all. Talk with your psych and keep trying different options until you find what works best for you.
It took 6 long weeks to notice improvement, but it paid off. A Wellbutrin and guanfacine combo has been gentle and sustainable long-term for me, since stimulants took away my ability to sleep longer than 4 hours and didn't give it back. I actually do homework now, and all of it. Insanity.
Heads up, Nord is a known data broker  (Also no VPN can actually protect you from malware, and if it did, it would have to replace your encryption and read everything you’re doing, including passwords)
I never realized how many people had adhd and how annoying it is to have ut
I'm amazing at programming and consuming vast quantities of coffee when on the meds, but I suck rectum at mechanical engineering. Without meds I get jittery after the forth cup, and have actual creativity and am good at my job, but my house is a mess. 13 years ago I gave up on the meds.
I struggle with my doctor cause she confuses me. She dropped me, cause of a mistake she made and yet she still wants to talk with me about the medication that she isn't prescribing anymore... she also blatantly lied to me. I asked if one of the meds I was taking was addictive and she said no... I talked with a friend about the meds and they told me and we looked it up it's very addictive.
The Billy Hatcher theme during the ad read was such a nostalgic trip that I forgot I was listening to an ad
Have you tried meditating? Check andrew huberman! he says meditation is literally a re-focussing excercise!
I'm on 54 mg of contramal and tbh it doesn't seem to make a difference if i take it or not but i think it's because back in primary school i was overdosed with ritalin
Yes.
what i use is sounds to keep me focused, no recognizable sounds, but an 8 hour loop of the rain hitting an RV. If i study at night even better. Sometimes i use a rainy day with slow jazz as well.
The number 1 thing that causes adhd deniers is how so many people say they have it without any diagnosis or anything  Please don’t tell people you have things you don’t
I take Vyvanse and it mostly works great for me.  The one thing that I do is take days off from my meds.  Usually on weekends, busy time times during the week.  I let my brain and my body take a break and get back to baseline.  My Psychiatrist agrees that’s a good strategy for me.
I have ADHD! (Diagnosed) and apparently my medicine costs around 600$!
Vyvance apparently did not do good shit whenni had it, now i'm at 70mg meds on weekends and 80mg meds on schooldays (Yes, i know it sounds insane, i forgot the meds name but i think it's still biphentine.) and it sorta works..? I can atleast get more stuff done now that i also reorganized my way of processing stuff.
What is that song cold
It’s funny cuz vyvanse is actually a lot stronger. Because adderall is Amphetamine which is made up of LevoAmphetamine(weaker) and DextroAmphetamine(stronger) and vyvanse is pure dextroamphetamine. So it’s really strong and lasts long. It’s closer in feel to meth which is typically dextromethamphetamine
Hi, ive been taking vyvanse for for 21 years now. Vyvanse can increase a person's anxiety and it sounds like that's what it's doing to you. These are either panic attacks or anxiety attacks, probably the latter if they come on suddenly and without warning. Talk to your doctor about possibly lowering the dose. It can take a few weeks to get used to the meds but once you pick up a healthy rhythm it'll take care of you.   I really appreciate the adhd representation and the fact that you do not condemn my medication. Keep at it!
Hey, I have a big help for you. It's on the expensive side, but research Amen Clinics and they can do a brain scan and tell you what kind of ADHD you have along with what medicine you need for that type. This takes out the guessing and experimenting with drugs and is so effective, like I said research it. I want to do it myself as well, but don't have the sufficient money for it. Good luck
Bro closed the computer and I started getting sad
i wish i had meds for this shit
Good video ☺️📷
I have adhd... I just got a balisong (butterfly knife) trainer and that been keeping me occupied.
that cow video is going to be stuck in my head for the rest of the fucking day 🧍🏻
Cannabis helped with my ADHD. It's nice 👍 10/10 would recommend (not a doctor, please use only if your a adult. Or don't I can't control you)
I just started medication yesterday and so far haven't felt a difference (they started me on the lowest dose)
did I hear M E T H ?! *Breaking Bad theme*
Had Basically the same experience as you did with Vyvance, but one other thing I had was a feeling of, just the inability to focus on other people's emotions or even hold conversations about it, it was just whatever I was doing and nothing else could snap me out of it
I’ve been diagnosed with severe ADHD but my family members said it will make me dumb and brain dead, so I’ve never taken any. Also this took me like 20 minutes to type because there are 4 other things I was distracted by, silly ADHD.
I think you didn’t took your medicine while this video
the reason I try not to take meds is I've experianced people basically losing there "emotion" or they lose their personality and to makes them more unemotional which scares me
I just experienced this yesterday 1:05  “Hey guys, what is, 2+2?” “Idk, probably 2?” “I think it could be, 4-” “Who even made this?!?” (multiple voices overlapping) “GUYS!” “What do you imagine it sounds like if we played 8 trumpets randomly at the same time?” “Well I wonder and we could find out-“ (Trumpet noises)
You explaining how you have trouble focusing sounds similar to my problem, I should get checked.
The cow part was my favorite, but thanks for this video makes me wanna definitely seek a specialist
Been using Concerta for 20 years. Cant live without it
My experience with Vyvanse is quite different, so I figured someone out there could benefit from hearing it IT FUCKING RULES I have (essentially) no side-effects and can just do things pretty much all day, having the same struggles as a neurotypical person, and that is just amazing It took (and takes!) a lot of effort to learn the self-regulation skills I never could, but the more progress I make the more happy I get Consider trying it, it may or may not be good lol
Focalin gang
Hey.. is the music at the beginning (with the cow) in Polish?
Adhd is funny at times  But annoying.  With meds or none  It’s funny but annoying
Tried Vyvanse. It would work, but then I’d develop a tolerance so quick that I’d up the dose, and by the time I was taking 60 mg, I was getting massive stomach pain, and that shortness of breath mentioned above. No fun.  Adderall, come to find out, I’m one of the few people who experience adverse mental health effects like auditory hallucinations. Turns out taking basically meth doesn’t fix your problem. Also no fun.  After a while, I kinda just decided to try and work through my problems with focusing the old fashioned way. If it takes me 3 hours for to finish a task that it takes other people 15 minutes to do, then I’ll just spend as many 3 hour chunks as necessary.  Eventually, I learned enough tricks and trades to operating my own brain that I feel I can focus pretty well. I don’t think that everyone is capable of this, but I also don’t think medication is at all the solution to most people’s adhd. We need better mental health solutions for people with the diagnosis
😭 ONLY 5 mg when I was in kindergarten Adderall just came out and they gave me 50 MG 😭😭💀 I got straight A’s tho
why is the audio in your videos usually so quiet?
I love not taking my meds. I'm me, but when I do take them I'm also me and I hate not taking them. This seems wrong and highly problematic, but I'm pretty happy both ways. The real problem is everyone else trying to figure out which me I am every day because the forgetful and irresponsible me is responsible for remembering to focus and take the meds. This is called stupid and results in most issues.
I do like the analogy of having 6 people in your head playing trumpets at the same time. Which is very spot on.
i love the cow
Apperently having a lot of the medication is similar to the effects of cocaine
ye i use concerta 52 i used it for 13 years , im still using it , but  when its going to be summer i will try ritalin , and  i will lower the doasage , and . for ya all who also use concerta 52mg, you know the feeling when you forget to get it in the morning , well here it is its like youre high , youre overjoyed youre smiling like an idiot the whole day , and everything is funny , the after effects of not taking it are soo bad , that when i forget it at school, the teachers ask me if taken something{its like a slang for drug use in our country}   they told me that my eyes were unusually small or something , also your face muscals are changed , eccpecialy around your eyes, basicly your eyebrows are different shape
7:49 Don't worry I did just that
Answers = Scattered by Dr. Gabor Mate
So, at the risk of sounding like every other "hur hur I have X Y Z condition", I've always thought I had at least some level of ADHD, I've just always been high-functioning enough for me to never really need to consider taking medication for it. The only things that really turn me full low functioning coast-brain are things so mind numbingly boring yet juuuust involved enough that I can't tune out. With that context, I'm honestly quite surprised with how well handled this video is. It could have easily turned into "hur dur american healthcare bad" or trying to find something to blame, but instead it really did just seem like an honest discussion of trying to find something that works.   This is probably a weird thing to comment but I've seen SO many of these videos turn into just blaming things instead of trying to solve the problem. It's the difference between an excuse and explanation; a lot of people self diagnose mental conditions, blame those conditions for their issues, and then blame "american healthcare" for not being able to solve them, etc. but this was clearly just trying to solve the problem. It's one of those things where, it's weird to praise, but it's also something that needs to be praised. Far too few people understand how to just, solve problems directly and honestly without trying to fit them to some narrative, and it's honestly a very healthy way to approach problems.   (*also for context on what I said initially, ADHD does run in the family, my parents explicitly said I do share many symptoms with them, and I have friends with diagnosed ADHD who I think basically identically to. So, again, at the risk of sounding like your average twitter tween girl, I do tend to believe I have ADHD and just manage to be high-functioning with it. I only have my own experience so I can't say why, maybe it's how I approach problems, maybe it's how I conceptualize things, maybe it's just genetic fate, but none of that is really relevant to my point. Frankly I doubt any person alive has the answers to those questions, so I don't find them very enlightening as a point of discussion, I just wanted to provide earned kudos for honestly trying to solve a problem and improve your life rather than trying to justify leaving it as it is and finding someone to blame for it which is all too common, it's a healthy mindset and one that I REALLY wish was more common than it is)
I take ADHD meds- and the whole like, "suddenly able to do ability" is so accurate! I mostly took them so I could do school work, and not just kinda sit in the same place thinking about doing hobbies and not doing them- but you know, I didn't have a hard wow this is what the meds are doing! I only realized it worked because of the results. And then realized more things when I would forget to take them on days- I realized I literally could not sit still. Literally- slouching, sitting up right, turning to the side, legs going everywhere- I thought it was hilarious- I also went back to googling things constantly when given information, like my teacher mentioning a restaurant or something! ADHD wild man
cool have u tried medikinet
I have ADHD and my experience with meds were... bad. It worked for a while, but then they stopped being as effective. But then something else happened. I became extremely depressed. I stopped the meds and everything was better, but my ADHD was bad again, its better than depression tho. So if you are experiencing anything like that talk to someone, it can really help.
Yep, start on meds 14 years ago.   Like a light switch °~•.☆.•~°
actually, if your meds are stimulants, you can stop them whenever you like and you should be fine! every psych i've ever had has told me that i can just not take them if i feel the need. you have to be a bit more careful with non-stimulants, though.
aw man. im on vyvanse now and i totally have the thing where i get stuck on whatever task im doing when my meds kick in. i didnt even realize that was happening until you just pointed it out. it works great when im in class but yesterday i was doing hidato puzzles and i literally could not stop to work on my homework i was stuck there i had the window open behind the window where my presentation was nad if i got into my presentation window it was fine, but if i had to switch windows and then saw the window with hidato in it i would just immediately go back to it. then i closed it so i wouldnt be tempted and then in a transe like state i just typed the url back into my browser and went back to playing it
I would suggest you try Ritalin. It might possibly be better for you. There are also non stimulant versions such as strattera. I really suggest you try all existing option untill you find something that works. Everyone's body reacts differently. I'm on 70mg to 80mg of Vyvanse. I went on Adderall and Ritalin. Both gave me panic attacks. Vyvanse is the only one my body tolerates.  Talk to your psyc man and keep trying different options untill you find the thing that works for you. It's scary to thing your using body as a lab test tube but  I promise you these medications will not turn you into a drug addict. They have been on the market for years and have been rigorously tested approved by the FDA.
y'all this video found hyperfocusing on the wrong stuf how ironic he explained what was wrong with exactly what i was doing
The manufacturer makes a huge difference when it comes to Adderall. If you notice a change in your meds check your bottle. It will list the shape, color, and the company that made your meds. If it's been changed to Lannett Co prepare for a rough month. Their generics barely work.
Also a lot of the meds give you depression, constant disassociation, and loss of appetite
methylphenidate (ritalin) did improve my focus but made me incapable of eating during the day, and occasionally would just make me throw it back up. that was not very fun, also I completely forgot to pay attention to this video
Took vivance for a few months, lost 30 lbs because it made me not want to eat and made me panic 24/7. Concerta helped me so much and i haven't have to change dosage for about 8 years now.
I take medication lol  But I have to take a stronger dose
I like to create a physical list of things I need to do so I can organize my priorities. I don't medicate because of side affects but I somehow manage. This video I found really does a good job of explaining ADHD and it's helped me understand what I should do to manage my time. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tpB-B8BXk0
Words r funny because who made them like math or history why those letters
I'm autistic, but I take an ADHD medication called Focalin. For me it works really well, and keeps me productive when I need to be. Of course it can be different for everyone, but I have really good experiences with it! The downside tho is that it kind of messes up your appetite, but other than that I think it's pretty solid.
This is why adhd is bullshit. And medication is just detrimental to the brain. Just learn mental discipline
This is literally a mirror of what im going through at the exact same time too lmao
At the end of the video I did the exact same thing. It was out of my system after 3 days. After 5 I felt fine and full of energy. After 2 weeks I realized I never needed them and 2 years later I'm a welder. Funny how things worked out. I also lost a bunch of weight and got real fit. After years on being medicated with vyvanse I realized coming off of it not actually needing it. My friends said I looked like a zombie while medicated and when I came off of it I looked like I had life in my eyes. I am so thankful for them. I'll never forget what they did for me. I was taking enough vyvanse to kill 8 elephants. Yeesh am I right? I came off the meds in the mindset like holy shit everything is so much more vivid and colorful. I felt like I missed out on most of my life. I was on the meds from ages 7 to 20 years old. I felt robbed of my life for a few months. After 6 months it was out of my bloodstream. I had the ability to focus on my own. I felt like the meds were a crutch. When I screwed up in social situations I would blame it on my Autism or ADHD. I didn't ever blame it on meds. I'm pretty sure I would of had a stroke by 30 if I continued taking it.
My adhd would like to watch that cow on loop plz :3
Thanks for sharing your experience!
5:50 it sounds like his solution will be to take adderall and vyvance
My vyvance almost killed me so I switched to a non stimulant alternative
Adderall isnt meth, desoxyn is
1:01 oh shit thats me 2:24 There is again...   urh I should probably get checked out now
I guess ADHD really is different for everyone, because I got put on Adderall for mine which I'm still on. And when I took it, there was *ABSOLUTELY* a physical sensation with it. I literally felt like I had gained superpowers because I could focus on one sense at a time and completely tune out every other sense, resulting in what I would still describe as superhuman senses. And it very much also gave me the ability to focus. I was more productive in the first week of taking it than I had been for the previous 3 years total.  In short, there really is no one type of ADHD it seems. It's like a thumbprint, different for each person.
Ive never been on meds, I just taught myself to control myself a but so its not so severe 😅
i have been taking adderall XR 20mg for the past few years. I have had a very similar experience with you taking the vyvanse... I get completely hyperfocused on one thing, which should be school and sometimes is, but once my brain gets off course and focused on everything else, there is no going back.  I am currently trying to find a therapist/ ADHD coach to help me, but I am worried that wont be able to help me, so I have been procrastinating it (for years)
Aah
On no meds and probably dont have ADHD, I think. Maybe something else.  But your vivax description is how I experience focus regularly. Your brain picks something and you're obsessed with it for the the entire day or even longer. Its possible to do other things, but every mental breath goes back to the focus.
I can’t take stimulants anymore because I’m also schizoaffective now. Most non stimulants suck, but I did find one that worked. I forgot what it felt like to actually be able to make myself do the things I needed to do without complaining to myself and procrastinating
It takes a long ass time to get used to ADHD medicine
No your just an idiot
The sad thing is you don't know the difference between attention deficit disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Im actually not sure if the last part was sarcasm or not, but when i was prescribed the meds my doctors said you can stop and should stop takeing them whenever you want. Whatever they told you sounds like they fed u some propaganda to get you hooked on that shit
i ain’t taking no meds
Welp, I guess the moral of THIS story is you should have tried Dexedrine
I take meds as well but they don’t really work anymore now they work exactly like ur meds did you know they make it really easy to do stuff like clean my room but thinking is the thing that is struggle (WAS THAT IN THE VID???🥲) and uhhhhhmmmm also my uncle has adhd and he also took  Aderall (did I spell it right?) but then he got off it and idk if he takes meds anymore  :P
Watching this while doing 3 tasks at the same time 😢😅
To be Honest, I never fought about taking meds for my ADHD. I also have the inattentive type and I really cant concentrate on nothing, barely manage to get the good grades in School. Maybe I should go to my doctor and ask him about it.
I take Ritalin and I had a similar problem with adderall in which straight up my mother would ask “what did you do at school” and I was like “idfk and I hate it” so we moved onto Ritalin very closely related but also made me able to fucking remember what happened. Will say Ritalin has RUINED my creative drive to do things (why I also want to say that if you are a teacher reading this (which I doubt) maybe provide other non-creative assignments just in case you get someone like me).
My adhd is so bad that it took be 2 days to complete this video........and it took me 1 week to write this comment.
Sometimes I think society is trying to drug us all until we're one undistinguishable amalgam
Tried meds. Didn't work. Now I just box a lot and make myself too tired NOT to pay attention. Has worked wonders for me personally would not widely recommend.   The hyperfocus part of adhd has been a huge benefit to my art career. It's all swings and roundabouts in the end.
I have bipolar, ADHD, and autism. The goal is to find peace within the chaos. I don't medicate and I now know how to play piano, fix cars, fix electronics, workout, etc. I still have trouble paying attention and constantly switch between tasks. I now can honestly say after over a decade of making peace with it that I have honestly turned the energy and chaos of my "symptoms" into pure knowledge and understanding. Your weaknesses don't become a strength overnight, give it time. I write notes. A lot, a LOT of notes. Mostly notes in regards to subjects I study, I have pages of notes.
YES ANOTHER VIDEO!!!!!
Try atomoxetine. I have ADHD, and that's the prescription I have. It works pretty well for me.
As someone who has been diagnosed with adhd and has taken focalin and concerta, your descriptions of what it’s like to work without vs with meds are very accurate
Those of you who are tired of existential crises, check this out: Try these in this combination Taoism Zen Buddhism Satanism Christianity  Crazy? Yes absolutely. But, logically, makes sense. It solves my existential crises at least lol.  Cheers and this video rocks
I use weed in small doses and it work just fine FOR ME i'm not recommending it
Have you spoken to your doctor since? Did they say why vyvanse wasn't working for you?
Vyvanse is the only good
I'm pretty sure I have ADHD but I'm also trans, and I don't have money for neither (therapy+meds/estrogen). If I manage to save for one, I'll either die of starvation or suffer a lot of consequences because I won't be even able to finish studies or I'll solve a sudoku before age of 40 because of balding and further physical changes. Life is awesome.
Dude I hate my ADHD meds
The second kind of meds you took is EXACTLY my experience. In a way, when on the meds, whatever you’re doing is bound to be something that you find extremely entertaining like you CANNOT stop . Also, some other side effects happened when it wore off. I was very irritable, or easily emotional. It kinda made me depressed for a while, but as long as I was actually on the meds, it kinda worked
personally I find it offensive when people talk about adhd
hey i personaly take amoxotine witch gives you foucus but not to much and productivness
Your explanation of what it felt like to take Adderall is pretty much my current lived experience. I can do physical tasks and get them done (albeit multiple going at a time and jumping between them). But focusing on mental tasks is hard AF. I get enough done to get by, but I struggle to get ahead on projects I'd like to make progress on (learning music theory and taking a math class).
You are a god ice cream sandwich!
I'm currently having to be unmedicated because of med shortages thanks to the DEA applying very harsh restrictions that treat the disabled like they are drug abusers.  A month now without meds and my 2 primary symptoms are executive dysfunction and anhedonia. Executive dysfunction is the inability to start or complete tasks. It's as though your ability to be invested in something is a randomized dial that chooses either 0 or 11, while non ADHD people are able to choose their interest anywhere from 1-10. Anhedonia is a depression symptom but ADHD gives depression for about 60% of cases. It is the loss of pleasure in absolute. I often guilt trip myself out of every single thing I could ever be enjoying, sooner layig on the floor than even sitting in my chair.   A few critiques. No, it's not essentially street meth. It's an amphetamine yes, but it's the most effective treatment for this disorder. ADHD is different for everyone and every case. The way you spoke on some of these issues you had could easily deter treatment for those unknowing.  Taking ADHD meds is also a relationship with how your mental state is, you can do non physical tasks, I'm able to go to work just as easy as I am to paint while on my meds. You need to take steps to make better habits in ways that may not make sense at first with a fresh diagnosis because our reward center of the brain works really different compared to others.  If you are having complications with your medications often time the doctor at the point of prescribing them will say to ween off if there's issues. I had to ween down for the sake of not having withdrawals, and mind you as someone who takes Adderall, I'm not addicted, I have 0 seeking behaviors and an absolutely forget taking my meds even.   ADHD is hell and right now the DEA needs to lift it's restrictions on production on Adderall because it is only hurting those who need the meds as a form of victim blaming. "Oh these meds are addictive, you say you need them? What are you an addict?" "No I have ADHD/narcolepsy, that's the most effective and first form of treatment options. Shut up."
Strattera is kinda a combination of both, it focuses on the actual things you need to do, while also keeping you productive
So the issues you had with your latter meds are matching a lot with my standard state and I'm hoping I can find a mix between being focus ON THE RIGHT thing and not being distracted all the time. Two days and a confirmation that my current health allows me to take meds are sperating me from this kind of, well, experiment. Thank you for sharing your experiences in such a comedic display!
I started off with adder all but I felt the exact same way without but I felt weak and sick so I switched to vyvanse but it is basically the same thing
Putting a person with adhd with a person really low the the earth is a good thing or a bad thing I had a friend with adhd and he’s a very good friend and I’m a very down to earth person and when we worked together we could win any competition 👍
Lol! Adderall just made you a housewife 💀
I need more dancing cow in my life :)
I’be been taking Biphentin for well over a year at this point, and it works very well for my adhd  However, I have to pay the price of not really feeling like myself I’m a lot less emotive (which i guess is better than having a lot of ups and downs), I stop stimming, I’m never hungry, and my anxiety is much higher than usual  It helps a lot with productivity and focus and efficiency and it’s been the best meds so far, i kinda just which I could still do some of the neurodivergent stuff that makes me , me Whenever i don’t take my meds I do feel a lot more stress free (or impulsive ig) and happy if I’m not working, and then crash very hard whenever I have to start being productive Biphentin in general has been working very well for me n it sounded very negative but its so much better than other things I’ve tried and I’d recommend it if anyone was still unsure of their meds
when you can't focus on the video because you keep thinking that the song with the cow was in Polish And you still wonder how people abroad found it
My mum has adhd and possibly me she found it easy to like set timers and reminders! Idk about the focus part 🤷‍♂️
"Thx for watching! Don't forget to unsubscribe" "......" "Wait!" 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Love ya man. Your quirkiness, randomness, and relate-ableness never fail to get a chuckle out of me!
I take phocalyn XR
So I have adhd and anxiety and before I was diagnosed with my anxiety disorder I was just taking meds starting with vavanse. I had similar problems you did. And then I developed dermatilamania and would end up in trances all day (not slay) I have switched to multiple medications and all of them ended up giveing me all day anxiety attacks or dermatilamanic episodes with only a few days where I was stable enough to get things done. Then I stoped takeing them for a long time. But then I still had the problem of adhd dematilamic episodes and anxiety attacks. It’s was super annoying and since I was still a teen at the time and under my parents roof my family decided that I should take anymore meds of any kind. Then I got diagnosed with anxiety disorder  and finally decided I should take meds for it. That was the best decision of my life. And now with anxiety meds I can safely take adhd meds. I still have to be careful how and when I take them. Now I only take a four hour drug whenever I have a ton of work to do. Most days it’s up to my brain to just battle it out. Meds are a great tool and have made my life so much better but it is a long process of finding out what works for you.
Thank God I ain't got that shit
I use concerta
Remember kids, medication is different for everyone, always consult your doctor.
ADHD Is a term used by lazy parents, who dont want to step up and raise their child, they prefere to medicate them plop them in front of the internet or game. Cause guess what if ADHD was a real thing it would have been indetified in 1950s.  Guess what happened to a kid in 1950 if he spazzed out or didnt listen?  they got a whoopin and obviously it worked
this makes so much sense when I was younger I saw this book on my dad's nightstand called how to deal with kids with ADHD but I never thought of anything of it and I remember they tried to give me medicine but it slowed me down no one ever told me but now it makes sense
Got to love me some really expensive meth, my favorite is when the doctor says I was on the highest mg. He ever saw, I was seven
God, I would kill for the ability to... do...
I was diagnosed with ADHD back in middle school, and I managed to keep it under control using planners, calendar reminders, and blocker programs I put on my PC. But during my senior year of engineering school I finally started taking Wellbutrin XL because the sheer load of tasks was too high to handle with discipline alone. (Originally my psych wanted to put me on Adderall, but my family's history with addiction threw that idea out the airlock). I stayed on a minimum 150 mg dose, and over the first few months my focus did improve a lot. But as time went on, my anxiety started to get REALLY bad. Like I was having panic attacks over not being able to handle 5-6 tasks a day.  Plus, after graduating from college, most of the work I had to do went from quantized, finite, scheduled tasks (HW, projects, exams, etc) to much more abstract, open-ended, and untimed tasks that I could not focus on directly anymore (looking for a job, planning trips, getting organized, etc.). So Wellbutrin went from helping me focus to causing me to panic over focus I could no longer obtain. So, when I moved back home, I found a new psych and had my medication switched to Strattera. So far it seems to be working out well and my abstract focus skills are improving a lot without any anxiety. But it hasn't been long enough to see the medication take full effect, or to notice its side effects at full strength. So hopefully it goes well, but time will tell to see if Strattera works out better or not
i’ve gone thru several adhd meds, i’m on adderall right now and yeah it doesn’t feel any different, i just… can do more things.   adhd meds affect different people in different ways so if some meds work for a friend but not you, then Don’t Take Them
Bro took drugs then learned rocket science
Hey, that name at the top of the meds list is my medication! Sort of condenses my thoughts I guess? I still have issues of hyperfocusing and trying to get out of that is a pain for my brain, but I’ve been taking it (both brand and generic) since middle school. It wears off rather quick sometimes, but without them I’m a damn mess.  Here’s hoping you get the right med tool for you!
i used to take meds, then i got depressed stop taking them, no longer depressed. P.S some adhd meds have depression as a side effect
Sooooooooo, I really want the link to the cow video...........
Wait. I have ADHD? Ok my brain is now... I forgot what I was going to say
i was diagnosed at 7 and starded taking meds, took meds up untill i was 16 then i stoped cuss thay started to make me depressed, and now im 24 and in school again and i  just booked a meeting with my doctor to start taking meds again im verry exited but also scared it wont work or sum.
I dont know if Ice Cream will see this but Concerta is really great and might help you get the results you want. I can think of task and be able to do them, and while there is still some “honing in” on tasks I shouldn’t be focusing on, I’m able to shift focus and get back on track easier.
interesting analogy about people in your head. makes me wonder what the difference between attention disorders and schizophrenia are
went through this exact same thing except without the breathless part. went on adderal, then vyvanse, but i stopped vyvanse for some reason and am now on dextroamphetamine, but i have been off of that for 4 weeks now because there is a national shortage, and i basically cannot use my brain properly, its really on and off… although i was still struggling to use it even on the dextro so i honestly dont know what to do i am strugglin it aint fun
I am on 4 meds. Drugs real good for making me slightly less of a disaster.
When ADHD kicks in at the same time as the small amount of OCD you've developed is fun.... my neighbor caught me organizing his fridge via size and colour...
I could watch that cow dancing on loop for hours
What or where is the cow video
Honestly I’ve been unmedicated since I started high school and it honestly went really great. The only issue was the fact that I started trying to turn social media into a job and this began a spiral of trying to stay on task when I’m online
just wanted to share as someone else with adhd what you discovered on the second med is like hyper focus mode and you can find ways to hit that trip without meds it has taken me years to figure out how to function with adhd but the biggest problem is there really a bunch of different types of adhd and all the different meds effect each type differently so idk if that's any help to anyone out there but yeah its a mental game and not an easy one
Okay SO, I have a Whoop 4.0 Yeah I know _fancy me_  But anyways, it monitors my vitals and shit. And it's allowed me to gamify fitness, but also provided me a readout on my health, while going about my day.  I learned for example, that alcohol... is straight up poison. Like, holy shit. The things, it does to my heart rate and sleep, my Whoop is basically like "hey bro, are you alright?"   I know exactly what you mean about the "suddenky feel out of breathe and tired". Feeling. When I took Aderral last year, I would get the same feeling. My Whoop, from the first day to the last, would register my heart rate being about 15 to 20 beats higher than normal while on Adderall (because it's basically meth)  Whatever seems to usually be in these meds, puts a lot of stress on the body. My Whoop even started registering my days as having been as active on a normal day of work, as I am on a work day that includes a gym session afterwards. I would burn 1200 calories before even arriving to work in the morning.   So it's no wonder you eventually get that tired feeling, as your body has been in "go mode" for so long, operating at a couple levels above what is normal for it, for prolonged periods of time
Also off meds, also tried both adderall and Vyvanse. Gotta say Vyvanse is the best for me, at least until my insurance stopped covering it and I'm not paying 10$ a day to focus. Dunno about that out of breath and headache stuff, I was on 50mg and in the best shape of my life. Never once did I think I could control the hyper focus though. Some days I would optimize my sugar cane farm layout, other days I was doing my calc homework without a calculator. Adderall was pretty unimpressive. I'm off of meds again for the first time in like, 5 years though. I have completely forgotten what its like to have ADHD symptoms, and how to manage them.
I have been diqgnosed wih adhd when i was 4 (THANK YOU PARENTS!) and the elementary school kinda forced them to get me medicated. So i have been taking the same medication since i was 6, so over 10 years. In 2020 i did a week of "supervised" not taking them. It was BAD! I basically accidently made a cult (oops :3 ) SO ANYWAYS, they gave me my meds back the next week and i felt way better again. Now i feel like they arent working anymore but i am not one to just not take medication that has been prescribed to me by a specialized doctor. So im not sure if im just imagining this thing (my brain is very good at pretending that i have a specific problem that i dont have). I should probably talk to my therapist about this now that i think about it TwT
hahaha the first 2 mins explain me perfectly and im curenlty testing blood to see if i can take the meds so lets see
The fact that every ADHD symptom he describes applies to me is sightly concerning.  Edit: I wrote this before I knew I had ADHD, but apparently I was diagnosed years ago and just... forgot. That's fun :D
ADHD treated with amphetamines is really interesting. I've used 3 different ones and at first it seems you just get more anxious, increase of heart beats and stuff like that, but it's also MUCH easier to escape from loops and getting back to tasks, although _ depending of wich medication and the amount you're using _, after some time, you became like a meth addict so if you don't have a regular sleep hour, eat hour and you don't have a water bottle always next to you you'll just forget to. My max hours without eating were like eating bread, eggs, a banana and coffee at 6:00 A.M and only eat 12:00 hours later.  Oh, you did mention venvanse in the video but i just stopped the video and commented...
Having a dopamine addiction where you're constantly seeking out stimulus is great! Here in America, they just... _give_ you meth that they call something else! Its fantaaaaaaaaaaaaaastic! So much energy, focus, a drive to do *everything* and the cherry on top, I lose like 10 pounds, and don't tell my doctor cuz I'm secretly all about that cut physique life!   I think it should be painfully obvious I'm making a joke here, and do not endorse this behavior. I know some people have brains as smooth as eggs and may need me to tell them that lol
I just started medication a week ago and I've sent this to my family because it perfectly explains some things about ADHD that I struggle to put into words. Great video ty for sharing your experience!
I have ADHD and I take adderol for it. It really helps
Okay, yeah, I feel like I have ADHD too now because I do all this-
This is an amazing representation of going through medication. What a lot of people dont realise is that especiooy children have these same problems, but havent grown to the point that they know why it is a problem, so you should always have a sitdown and talk with your child about these things, i know that it sure helped me
I went on Ritalin for several weeks and immediately came off it again. I never felt like me. That's been 20 years ago.  It was a lot of work but I essentially weaponized my ADHD into a monstrous form of multitasking that I don't think most people can do and that doesn't ALWAYS work out well for me, but it USUALLY does.
now get ready for AD4K
When your friend said meth, is methylphenidate. I take it and it is very much fun to refer to it as meth. There are adverse effects like food sounding bad, and more difficulty sleeping, it works and is a life saver. Just be prepared to fix your sleeping schedule and stock up on food that you actually want to counteract the Medicine
I mean, it makes sense that you'd feel out of breath after microdosing on meth.
As someone with ADHD I find it so hard to the dishes. I lathering them and than I stop to eat a banana or smth and I just forget to Rinse them
7:50 DONT FORGET TO UNSUBSCRIBE wait
Used to take 50grams of equasym (adhd med) and the only thing it did was make me sick, like yeah it made me focus but I still got sick so many times while on them
There is no shitty monile gameplay at the bodom im not watching this
I take vyvanse lol
Rip compy
one thing I’ll just leave here is that when I first started Vyvanse I started getting awful headaches, but once I started taking magnesium (over the counter hokey pill basically) everyday or every other day they went away. I’d say at least try it. Also vyvanse takes som time to settle into your body. At first it just made me OCD as all hell, but the longer I’ve taken it the more I’ve been able to turn it to my advantage
1:04 me:
Why is it that everybody needs me to help them right before my meds kick in to lock me into my planned activity?
Ltrly the same thing im havin now exept im not using Adderall and it 11pm
I'm sure you've gotten many similar comments in adjacent flavors, but to share my own experience: I had a super not great experience with dextroamphetamines as a 13/14 year old and dug in my heels to refuse taking more, and developed a super anti medication mindset. Many years later as a FUCKING THIRTY YEAR OLD, I bumped up against the wall in a way I couldn't figure my way around and finally decided to figure things out properly which ended up in taking Concerta. I won't talk about the experience of taking concerta cause I haven't needed to try others and have no point of comparison, but I will say:  Coming to meds as an adult and with a very concise expectation from them allowed me to take a lot of ownership of my experience taking them. I knew clearly and articulately where I struggled and what I wanted to change, and in addition to taking meds I also did things like uninstalling all my games from my phone, uninstalling/deleting social media platforms/accounts, spending time in my day WITHOUT A VIDEO ESSAY PLAYING. This is all important because under the medication ***you are still the same idiot dopamine goblin***.  If you do not change your habits, the meds are just a temporary modifier and you will never progress beyond their effects, especially as your body acclimatizes to them and their effect naturally lessens over time. The analogy I like to use is that ADHD is like trying to climb a mountain but with a goofy issue like say your left hand can't quite grip right, or your right ankle tweaks funny depending on the angle you press off it. And like, everyone else can climb just fine, and you slowlylearn to build adaptive habits to accommodate your stuff like looking for routes where you can lean on your strengths and biting your lip to push through the stuff that sucks.  The meds? Think of them like a pick. They won't make every route easier, and you still need to be a good climber, but if you've got, idk, shit-finger-itis, it helps a ton. YOU still have to climb the mountain, this shit just helps you do it.  I say all this based on what you were describing with trying to set yourself up to be in the middle of something productive when the meds kicked in to be prepped for success, and to me, that's expecting the pick to do the climbing for you. YOU need to change your habits for any of this shit to work, and this stuff makes it easier to do that. It's kind of a beneficial chicken or egg situation, where both help the other.  Everyone's experience is different of course, I never talked to people about mine much because trying to communicate in an articulate way was a massive struggle with my internal headspace, and that's been my favorite part of my life since taking my ADHD seriously. I can express myself in a manner other than a joke I made, a script idea I thought was cool, a sick combo I landed in a game I love... because otherwise I felt trapped mentally and cornered myself further and further into the areas of my life where I felt able to express myself at the expense of areas where I felt suffocated.  You're a nearly 3m sub channel so you probs won't see this, and lord knows this is - at best - a wall of text that permanently goes in the "oh this looks good I'll read it later properly" pile that you never get to. I have my own, trust me. Regardless, if you DO read this, know you've got a lot of capacity to make the changes you need. They're hard, but they can be small and still work.  To whoever does read this: I believe in you. You are worth the work you need to do.
I have ocd and I took seraquel for two weeks, and all it did was make me sleepy. After skipping a dose or two, I realized I didn't have the ability to fall asleep naturally without them  So I stopped taking them
I take meds for it. I would recomand conserta. Adrall had a agressive effect on me and viavance made me depressed. Conserta will give a slight headacks and you cant sleep untill it wheres off. But thata just my experience. Does anyone else have these experiences?
I either have ADHD or I'm just a procrastinator.
This is very very accurate. Like, VERY accurate.
i youz stratera
I have ADHD and I take foclan It helps me a lot.hope this helps you your welcome
You should try out meditation, its like gym but for the brain, and you dont even have to move!!
Thanks for sharing
if that happens you stop the med trust me i was told to
med side affects
Unmedicated and I just write things down and bounce around tasks
i think you need consert i take it to it helps alot for work exspeualy in school
oh I act the exact way you act on vyvanse, I focus easily but I have no choice over what I hyper focus on. This does lead to me having an idiotic amount of super specific knowledge in completely unrelated subjects
If you're ever able to get your hands on weed, it's made strides of difference for adult me with ADHD and Tourettes Syndrome, to much and you're a potatoe though, so be careful. lol
I think I have adhd but I don’t really want to take meds for it so I’m never gonna get diagnosed 😂 I know they don’t force them down you’re throat if you are diagnosed with it, but I know they’re gonna offer them and that puts me in a weird situation 😂
higher concertation of it will be needed i mean a higher dose
i was having the same issue of focus, so i was advised to take a mixed amphetamine for slow release. i was given about 20 mg, and it effected me badly, like after several hours, headaches, wanted to throw up, etc. emailed my doc, lowered the dose, problem solved. i don't need to take these meds everyday, mostly when I'm having trouble to focus because of uni-work, so I don't have any side effects during days I don't take them. adhd meds arent for everyone and they don't effect everyone the same way but I'm happy that I have that safety net to help me finish a string of thought when I'm writing an assignment of 20 pages about one topic
that is true us adhd struggle that is why i mainly failed year 1 +a bad teacher
I have been on vyvanse for over a year now. And it took a good few months for them to settle and work how they should. What my psychiatrist told me, that I use as my mantra,is the vyvanse is not going to take my adhd away, I will still struggle with a lot of the things some days, but it will help you or give you a little push in managing. I was on 20mg firstly then up to 30s 40s then 50s, 50s and 40s gave me horrible migraines and jaw clenching so I switched back to 30s. I still have low days I suffer with anxiety and depression too and it creeps ups put of nowhere sometimes. I still take my medication and monitor my side effects and progress. It's still a battle everyday but it's easier to fight.  If you are looking into starting medication just remember it won't magically take all your symptoms away. And it will take some trial and error before you find the right dose and right fit for you. Good luck to all my fellow neurodirvergants out there. There is nothing wrong in deciding to medicate ir not. Your brain is unique and you have to whatever works for you to be a happy healthy individual ❤
"Do not be tunnel visioned on results."  Got it, no more results for me.
I had almost this exact same trial and error experience!  Also the ending got me 😂😂😂
High dosage you smoll brain
I WAS NOT EXPECTING THAT
i just found out i have adhd
This guy just described me in the 1st half of his video. Makes me wanna try and see the results
As a man with ADHD, this is hella accurate on how this works, along with the medications working, ADHD is really irritating especially with projects
Lmao "Adderall is basically meth" is a shit take by your friend. They're all amphetamines. Amphetamines work differently in people with ADHD. Also part of the reason meth is so bad for you is that it is unregulated and therefore can be created with a bunch of dangerous contaminants. Adderall is regulated and pharmaceutical companies are held to a higher standard generally.
"Don't forget to UNsubscribe"?  Weird but ok.  It was nice being subscribed to you, byyyyyee.
I took Clonidine to help my ADD. it worked for a while then I stopped taking it... and I dont remember why.
Yea i eate chonserta and it helps me get things done but it makes my anexiety worse
This is a carbon copy of me
I took ritaline as a kid, and I really didn't know there were that many medications on the market, or maybe at that time only ritaline existed
as far as i'm aware basically all adhd meds are amphetamines lol, but they're not meth, meth is *also* an amphetamine but adhd meds are generally not meth amphetamines - Vyvanse for example (which i take) is a lisdexamphetamine, so there ya go hahaha
thanks for reminding me to take my meds!!
Concerta is my favourite. It’s blue like Cookie Monster who is in Sesame Street like Elmo. What gender is Elmo?? Is big bird still 6 years old after all these years???? Did I remember to take my meds today??????
I take dexamphetamine. It kinda just slows the distractibility down and makes me less impulsive and dopamine seeking. Like pointless conversations with others or myself that were really emotionally driven because I needed stimulation. That's gone now :)
HOW DARE YOU CLOSE THE DANCING COW MEME. Disliked. Good video though.
Medication is weird. I know and like my antidepressants but after 5 years I developed sleep issues, which I likened to withdrawal symptoms even when I was taking them as planned. Doctor recommended halving my dose, and it did the trick! Don't know why my body's requirements suddenly changed.
i have ADHD and it makes my brain load like a 90's computer. atleast thats my experience. also im on stratera.
I stopped using my meds a little over 10 years ago when I was 12, and it has indeed been a journey.
I’ve had it for years and I can say this is 100% true
🇵🇱🐄
polish cow on drugs lol
I was thinking about a capybara when my teacher was going though a study guide before a test
I take Ritalin when I remember. It helps with focus and you can take one a day and be fine. But that's just for me, so yeah. 🙂
Let's stop you there symptoms. You could say that rich people have a symptom of success. They have symptoms of staying on task they have symptoms of focus they have symptoms of. Whatever you wanna call it. It's not a symptom it's training.
I have ADHD and had amazing results with biphentin. Could be worth looking into.
i've started taking my meds about 2 years ago and i noticed that they make me focus increasingly well and also allow me to enjoy a task i am doing instead of just going into zombie autopilot until i give up... but i need to do a very mentally challenging task to even experience that effect. I feel great when i take the meds and then do science or math assignments but if i take my meds and play a videogame i feel like i am half asleep and absolutely miserable... issue is, i also feel half asleep and miserable without them so i just sit there in utter disappointment because my meds don't do their thing instead of enjoying any hobbies i am participating in. i also don't go to school now because i developed some health issues that make it hard to walk or sit upright for long, so i am basically always on a weird up and down rollercoaster of getting pumped and focusing on something but then finishing the task within minutes and being sluggish again
Mood...  Vyvanse is pretty cool but like... I think I have the same problem at the moment. Not the deflating part. Nah thats just depression.  Wait... Hang on, it's fine. But not fine of course... Lol  But I think my issue is with depression. Unironicly.  Apparently meds can make this happen... But I think my depression is nothing more than the accumulation of all the stress that has come from my life recently. And well... Lots of things.  Also I feel like with meds they were great for a while but the new normal was experiencing diminishing returns. As in... Okay I can brush my teeth and shower consistently... I mean I can't consistently brush my teeth... But least I can do all the other things...  But the depression is pretty mean. And messes with executive function in its own strange way.  But whats my plan? Therapy... 🤷  Idk my next appointment is on the 20th and ima ask for a therapist. However... I live in a rather underpopulated region and extenuating circumstances mean that... Getting help elsewhere isn't really "possible". Screw it, I have ADHD and I will just overshare anyway.  I am Australian and also live in the shitty state that is also an island completely separate from the rest of the country. 😩  Anyway... I hope the obscure therapy I am trying to hope for actually physically exists here because quite frankly... I WANT A HUMAN IN FRONT OF ME! OTHERWISE IT'S JUST ALIENATING!  Real therapy! Not bullshit!  I hope it's an option... 🥲  Did I mention I am Autistic too?  Look... We Neurodivergents are living in our dark ages still... Thats what it feels like. I wholeheartedly belive that we need a disabled MLK.  Viva La Neurodiversity!
THE WAY I GOT DISTRACTED BY MY PHONE AND FORGOT ABOUT THE VIDEO
Not to be the know it all here, but it sounds like your adhd isn‘t the only problem, but moreso the lack of organizational skills. If you get distracted from a task that easily, you normally learn in therapy how to avoid that and schedule that so it doesn‘t interfere with you plans for the day
I HAVE HAD THE DANCING POLISH COW STUCK IN MY HEAD ALL WEEK I SCREAMED WHEN I CLICKED ON THIS VIDEO
On the subject of suddenly quitting ADHD medication, a few months ago my pharmacy ran out of all instant release Adderall and has not had it back in stock since then. Sometimes I wonder about if the meds really help and whether I should keep taking them and this has been the most painful reminder of why I take them I could have gotten. Yay for national shortages
Yeah, I have 15 half done tasks at home and I can't make myself to finish any of them. I need meds
I know you don't feel like taking meds but I am on Concerta, I feel like it helps a fuck ton with my adhd, I can gain hyper focus but I won't get stuck on something I'm not supposed to, I can easily actively switch tasks and maintain focus, just a suggestion not like you have to listen tho, I'm just another adhd nut on the internet
I take concerta and everythings great exept it gives me chronic apathia(i get so focused sometimes i can only think rationaly)
I think it’s a good idea you stopped taking meds immediately, it sounds like you almost overdosed
holy shit that part about going online and literally disappearing is horribly accurate for me. I briefly tried meds, and I basically became a husk, so that stopped happening REAL fast. (but yeah your videos are awesome keep them up (if your ADHD doesn't murder your schedule ~even more~))
VERY unpopular opinion, but i've seen the best improvement in focus by focusing on keeping blood sugar stable. Goodbye sugar, simple carbs by themselves. And also other things that were affecting me like dairy (major brain fog, oof). It's tough to do but it's been VERY worth it. I still have adhd but I can ride the waves a lot now instead of being swept away by them.
Dont take meds mkay
Never seen a better representation of ADHD 1:07
One thing about ADHD children, they're not boring kids! Studies have shown typically they are above to well above average in intelligence.
I also have ADHD and concerta is an absolute MIRACLE. I take doses lower than recomended, so i still have focus, but without the lock-on thing (which i also used to experience) as well as a lower risk of that exhaustion thing (which i got with the recommended dosing). But all-in-all, the best way to deal with ADHD is to adapt to it, get used to it and learn to work alongside it.
I have adhd and you should try conserta it works for like a year but then your kinda back to square 1 but it works really good that 1 or 2 years
My friend takes concerta or however you spell it. You should talk to your phycologist about meds that don’t build in your system. The meds really help my friend, she’s actually able to do work by herself, instead of me doing it for her.
W GŁOWIE MYŚLI MAM KIEDY SKOŃCZY SIE TEN STANNN
The song at the beginninng is called "Cypis - Gdzie jest węgorz ?" (Zejście) https://youtu.be/qrxv0JNVtgY ( I strongly recommend listening to the lyrics in english before adding it your playlist and singing it aloud. This is pumped up kicks situation.)
for me concerta is a GODDDD
Fun Fact: Vyvanse is *not* five ants shoved into a capsule for daily consumption.   Everyone knows that fact, but I thought it had a weird name until I actually read it.
I was doing my maths exam and 2 minutes of doing it i was learning about how erasers are made, 4 games open and my teacher got very mad
Yo, so... I take Adderall. The "Adderall = meth" comparison is an extremely dangerous mindset that can demonize ADHD / ADHD medication and discourage doctors from prescribing it. It also gives the stigma to non-ADHD-havers that you're an addict or "need dangerous drugs to function" and can make them very very very anti-ADHD-drugs. Different people have different needs based on their brain chemistry and all that. Do what's best for YOU, but please don't stigmatize what doesn't work for you.
I knew i had a problem when i was talking about something and then suddenly i came back into my body mid sentence like, "what were we talkin about?"
ADHD. For me      Is just a free day dream experience for 10 hours straight.
I just want to say, you did good, you are doing well. Sure, there could have had scary consequences. But still, I just want to say that a fellow human being sees how hard you are trying in life, even though it can be difficult. You did good and you are doing well. Good job you! Sending some good vibes over~
WHO ELSE HAD THE DANCING COW JINGGLE INSIDE THEIR HEAD FOR MORE THAN THE REST OF THE VIDEO
Bruh just use brown noise 💀
I like polish song with a cow. Never heard it before. I also like informative vids on ADHD. You explain your symptoms in such easy to understand way, i appriciate it
I have ADHD
I use ritalin, I’ve no idea how it feels other than letting my mind be used by a machine.
This video is ADHD in a nutshell
I too have adhd and was on Adderall for a while until switching to Ritalin. So I was taking both meds and slowly became a robot with one goal, "Do the task". I'm off meds and now I'm in a constantly stoned from years of those meds
i feel the forgetting names issue. I have several relatives that I see somewhat frequently and honestly I have no clue what their names are
Ritalin been doing me fine. The anxiety is a bit too much sometimes, but it's usually ok. I feel like it's the right amount of focus and doing stuff.  I've also heard good stuff from people who switched from Adderall to it
That polish cow in the starting 😂✨
ME POLISH COW LETS GO I EAT POLISH COW :D
Just cheering up everyone, I also have ADHD, an I think I might also be on the spectrum, we all are valid, Now sing with me... Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu pięć- SING WITH ME. Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam w krainę zapomnienia w głowie mysli mam kiedy skończy się ten stan gdy już nie będę sam bo wjedzie biały węgorz
new subscriber
I think might have ADHD
HI ANDY :D
Im not yet diagnosed but I have the same simptomps
I used to take Ritalin, it helped me soo much in school, but I had to take 40mg, and also, as a side effect, i got depression because it made me antisocial and also underweight. But it helped me through school when I was younger
i literally clicked this video from polish cow wtf
i have adhd and take intuniv it really improves my workspeed and i can focus a bit, but not like fully idk
i use a thing consisting mostly of dexamfetamine and it works really really long and really well imo
I promise I watched this whole thing (surprise I think I'm in need of some meds myself) PERO I just have to say: I noticed & appreciated the Animal Crossing soundbites 😁
Growing up I took Concerta to help focus in school but now as an adult I find that just caffeine can do wonders. If i need to focus a whole lot in a day I'll drink an energy drink (side note always drink water with your energy drinks). But also knowing what helps you focus without "taking" something is great! Things like  music, a certain spot to sit and work that just vibes right, maybe even a time of the day. These are all great things to know and use to your advantage!
I'm a focalin boy (dexmethylphenidate boyo) after trying focalin, it's worked for me and feels like a tailwind I guess? It's like a light shove in the right direction to do things that keeps the ball rolling, I just need to get it going. That's my personal experience though and the bot withdrawal symptoms but coming back symptoms from not taking it for a few days are harsh tbh. I also had a point where I was breaking down thinking I was 2 different people (people would comment I'm much calmer or family would be like "did you take your meds" and it gave me a crisis of who's the real me etc and I stopped taking them (don't do this without talking to your doctor) and now I'm good and have a grasp. Long story short I'm rocking with focalin (dexmethylpehnidate) and it works well for me
when we tryed medications, I lost any ability to have social interractions so because I was always alone at school we discussed about it and stopped now I can have social interractions (I have friends etc) but I really need to FOCUS wich is sometimes really hard
Can we have an hour of you eating that pizza
So we tried to put me on ADHD meds, but that is when we discovered a problem  Meds have adverse effects on me. Adderall for example put me to God dang sleep for 2 weeks state in a semicomatose state where I was most literally on autopilot: wake up, eat food, bathroom, meds, sleep. The only thing I said during that time was, and I kid you not, "It's on I've got my bucket" and I still don't know what that meant   Only one that worked was Intuniv, but insurance doesn't like Intuniv they like generic off-brand meds, and low and behold we found out I'm friggin allergic to generic meds as a whole.       My body is not ready
You should have animated the giant pill giy just walking in and punching THE HELL outta your brain fellas
I've been on Vyvanse for years and if I don't take it I cannot focus at all. Heck, I struggle a bit to focus even with it.  Seeing this video was deeply relatable for me.
Bro i Take 50mg concerta
I just stopped taking adhd mess like half a year ago
I've been on Adderall since I was 6 (I'm 16)
I also have ADHD 😄
I had reaalllyyy bad anxiety and heart racing side affects with most ADHD meds but eventually got to a financial place where I could afford non-stimulant meds (Strattera) and that has changed my life completely. It’s expensive but it make a WORLD of difference. Took some time for my husband to get used to me not being a hyperactive spaz though. It was scary at first cause it felt like it changed my personality but eventually it became clear that my personality was unchanged I just had actual CONTROL for once 😂
I have a few of these problems but also Vyvanse also took away my appetite. Like, entirely. I don't even feel hunger or fullness on Vyvanse, I can only tell I'm hungry if I'm starving and feel the shaking and fatigue that comes with it.  And sometimes I wouldn't be able to eat a food at all just because the appetite simply wasn't there, so I couldn't even finish what was in my mouth, and it would become gross if I forced myself to finish the bite and swallow it.  Complete appetite killer.
I unsubscribed but that ain't it sis so I subscribed again
I’ll follow any order you give me including unsubscribing 🫡 I don’t want to but if it’s what you want
Dopamine just lying dead in the corner is probably one of the greatest jokes ever. Also what's the cow song in the beginning called ?
I've been on vyvanse for like almost 2 years and now I'm on 30mg and i swear i remember feeling them kick in at first and now i haven't noticed any difference in like a year and it makes me so sad
From personal experience:  - Ritalin and Concerta allowed me to work through mental tasks I already knew how to do, but absolutely fucked up my ability to learn anything. Basically, if I take it, math grades good, anything new bad. If I don't take it, math grades bad, but I can learn all about history. In the end I decided that maths don't matter.   For the non-traditional meds: - caffeine does work, once my trained coping wears off after about 2 hours of concentration. About 160 mg for about 1 hour. Up to a dose of roughly 500mg, after that caffeine side effects start to accumulate.  - alcohol does nothing for the productivity, but does wonders for the ability to follow a conversation or remember what someone said. I have more memories of what people said in pubs, than at game nights, despite the latter being five times more common. (But since I don't want an addiction to this, I don't consider it a good way to go)  - nicotine, does nothing for it  - weed: in the right dosage, THC and/or CBD do allow me to think straight, hold long conversations and remember stuff. But it is so hard to get it right, that only precisely measurable forms are usable, which I not have available. (Smoking or vaping wouldn't work.)
I take meds and also have the issue of some days being super productive and other days in which I’m a potato. Something that helped me out was understanding that when I’m productive I can do in 1 hour or less, what a normal person does in 3 or 4. I started trying to accept that I would have unproductive days and that productive days would eventually come. Accepting and working WITH my adhd instead of trying to control it too much at least gives me some peace of mind. Another thing that helps is to try to communicate with my unproductive self when I’m in productive mode (this is not as mystical as it sounds) by writing down in detail what are the next steps of the thing I need to do by the end of the day. That way it’s easier for my unproductive self to pickup where my productive self left off.  Ofc this doesn’t fix everything and I’ll always have bad days in which I simply can’t do anything else besides researching why rabbit poop looks like crunchy chocolate snacks but it makes me feel better to know that a productive day will come and try to be prepared for it :D
Ritalin could fix this but I don't want to suggest you trying out another drug XD
vyvanse did genuinely nothing for my focus. all that happened was my resting heartrate was 110 *shrug emoji* im unmediated now because i think i still just want to be me.. even if me isn't always productive.   im also eating healthier which is definitely helping me think clearer. so you know. try that if you're brain will allow it.
If you end up seeing this comment look into non-stimulant adhd medication like Strattera. Its like diet Vyvanse, way less side effects and it helps with focus without going into hyperfocus
And this is how I realized that the medication I was taking in high school was just adderall. I just knew it by the generic name, methylphenidate.  I stopped taking it because I felt dulled. I could focus easier but it felt like it came at the exchange and of my brain working faster. I felt like a knife that had been dulled, or maybe a knife that wasn’t being swung fast enough?
Brains are weird :/
sorry i stopped listening after "medication in america is not cheap" because a superior european like me cannot relate to that
I have been taking meds for about 3 years now, and I have what I think is some really valuable insights to share, especially for those with ADHD with little experience in meds, or those who take meds with little success.  My takeaways are this: there is a key difference between getting easily distracted, and not being able to pay attention. One you can easily treat, one you can't. I can tell you this from my experience; being able to sit yourself down to start working on your task, and actively avoid distractions by not picking up your phone, opening a new tab, etc., is something you can do without meds 100%. That *doesn't mean* meds won't help you do this, but they're not strictly necessary.  HOWEVER, the main issue that causes people with ADHD so much frustration is when they do eventually sit down, ATTEMPT to make progress, and cannot even read the first sentence. THIS is what meds will help THE MOST for you. They give you the stimulation needed for you to *want* or even be capable of reading and understanding your task. I know what it feels like to sit down and stare at your paper for hours. I know what it feels like to read the question, and not have the faintest thought come of it. This is what the meds are for. What ICS outlined is that he had problems with focusing on what needed to be focused on while he was on meds. This is very treatable. BUT, it's what requires the most change in your life. You want to know how to get over this? Simplify your life (delete social media or games), control impulses (don't reach for your phone, think twice). Slow. Down. Meditate (HUGE HELP). Meditating helps you slow down and take things calmly and focused. I meditated just a few minutes every day and it turned me from a manic, nervous wreck, to a grounded, laser-focused productivity machine. Yes it wasn't perfect, I had side effects and bad days. Yes it took at least 6 months for me to know how to really manage my dosage and routine. Yes, you gotta get sleep and food or else it'll just throw everything off. However, if you really want to improve and get somewhere, the more you put in the more you get out. You can't expect the drug that just stimulates you to force you to work. Here's what my history looks like if you're curious:  My personal experience went like this: started with 5mg adderall, made me feel like I could do anything, increased dose to 10mg because of tolerance, dose stayed 10mg 2-3 times a day for a while but I had several side effects that came and went, I started micromanaging my dosage (instead of 3 x 10mg doses I did one 5mg, then 10mg, then 5mg, this helped a lot with side effects), I never took the doses when I didn't need them, it was a very flexible schedule. Graduated, went to a typical university, stupidly busy, 3-4 doses a day working 8-16 hours. Dropped out and went to community college, started taking methylphenidate instead (concerta/ritalin), felt similar, boosted my concentration but not my mood as much (adderall really boosted my mood, heartrate, made me feel hyped so to speak), I take adderall and ritalin interchangeably, but never mixed in one day. 10mg adderall is my typical dosage, 5mg is my wind down.   All in all, if you set yourself up to succeed by eliminating all your usual pitfalls, meds can be insanely effective. If you have ADHD and are afraid of the side effects and such, try to keep your dosage as small as possible, don't be hasty to increase it. If you don't take other meds and keep a good routine (eat well sleep well etc), the side effects are usually very manageable if they're even a problem. No, I don't wish to be on meds all my life, and I don't like depending on meds, but when you really improve yourself in all these other ways, you can actually be reasonably productive without meds. Sure, it might not be easy, but it's way easier than it used to be. It might not take you 15 minutes, but it won't take you 2 hours anymore. I'm happy to answer any questions :).
Idk much about ADHD but my friend has it. He’s inattentive (but mentally hyperactive) he takes Edibles. He says he calms down a lot when he’s unfocused and I’ve noticed when he’s busy doing some tasks he mentally categorizes them, like how we consider Vacuuming, cleaning litter, mowing the lawn, doing the bed, etc. as chores. Anything that ISNT chores, he categorized those other things as separately. Can’t remember what specifically, I could be wrong for all I know so take what I say with a grain of salt and a crack of black pepper.
Y'know, I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid. I thought I outgrew it. ...I... I think I have been lying to myself for a very long time.
for some reason growing up, names never stick to me. Someone could tell me their name but I'll forget it a few minutes later, and i just keep calling them "Hey" or "So" to call out to them, I don't ask their names again because- anxiety-
For me caffeine would just do... although not just caffeine, LOTS OF CAFFEINE :D
If only anyone could get medicated these days😊
"I gained the ability to be able to." This. I need this 😂
ive been on concerta for nrly 6 months. im very lucky to have only had to try the 1 medication b4 it worked and i realised it was right for me. i was on 18mg but recently upped my dosage to 27mg bc it wasnt working as well. also this video reminded me i have to get my meds from the chemist LMAO
As a person with ADHD, this is extremely relatable and, funny story, the first time I took Vyvanse was when I ran out of my previous meds and after we bought the new ones, I thought I was still on the previous one because my mom never told me and I didn’t know what my previous meds were called and I didn’t have the bottle for reference, so I thought it was the same meds just with different amounts of medicine inside the capsules which is why they were coloured different, so I took 3 and an hour later in English, I suddenly became so hyper fixated on making an absolutely amazing paragraph that I didn’t realize that I wrote through lunch and into the beginning of next period.  Edit: I also became really energetic throughout the day and was very different to my usually laid back personality
I'm on concerta. It definitely doesn't make me neurotypical but it helps passively with some things. It's hard to talk about the effects because they're so vague but like I'm less likely to procrastinate and better at staying on tasks and also just coordination in general. When I'm off my meds it feels like my hands are shorting out when I try to do stuff quickly
I got diagnosed with adhd 3 years ago, and I never got meds until last year. Me personally? I hate em, they make me feel emotionless, and even though I've tried different ones, they still give me massive migraines. Also they make me not funny, and I'm hilarious, so fuck em
Watching Ice cream sandwiches video's is literally the same thing as letting the intrusive thoughts win.
Sorry that happened man, it sucks going through the whole process just to come out the other side with nothing. Though honestly it is nice to see another person with ADHD who wasn't helped by medication, I feel like no one talks about it.
this feels like an extremely helpful first-hand personal account but like formatted so I can watch the entire video without losing focus
I stopped watching this halfway through and didn't finish it until 3 days later (today) because adhd
I used ritalin when i was in school, got to my last year and decided i didnt need them anymore and my hyperactivity returned slightly but i was able to manage it, the ritalin definitely helped my get through the two years prior though.
I like your vids, but it feels like they're too quiet which makes it difficult to watch 'em
-diagnosed at a young age. -put on concerta -yeah sure it helped me focus but it also made me.. extremely introverted.. -spent my life that way till senior year than decided to stop taking it and switch up my lifestyle. -i trained myself to function without it. I have the ability to hyperfocus but I have trouble getting started. This issue is different for everyone.. sometimes it has to be tackled in different ways as well.
Cardio is KEY if you need to focus. not magic but easy to channel to focus if you know how to trick yourself into that same hyperfocus when you're doing cardio. I'm more specifically talking about mountain biking as it's adrenaline, cardio, and dopamine all at once.
WHY IS THE VOLUME SOO LOW
This entire video was just…art. 1:57 about killed me
I would say it might be worth hopping around a little more on meds if you’re okay with it, or you could stick with a sub optimal but still better than before result (like the Adderall although you probably can’t with the shortage right now). I take 20 mg of vyvanse. It’s below what makes me focus but I get physical symptoms if I go higher. It’s a compromise where I can do stuff and focus better than if I were medless, and it works for me. My best advice would be to also work on additional non medication support for ADHD. How to ADHD is such a great channel that really runs down all the executive functioning stuff other people learned how to do while we were growing up stuck on square 1.
I like having ADHD its really interesting to have
oh yeah going cold turkey on a medication can be a super headache. i ran out of my meds and was off them for 3 days and i felt AWFUL. back on them and feeling good now tho :p
Yep, this sums up me perfectly, I struggle with a lot of tasks because my ADHD mind keeps wanting me to do other things
I think that most people that claim to have adhd are instead victims of media on smartphone. I don't think i have adhd but i find really hard focussing on things like study beacuse the smartphone i always near me and so distraction is. The thing is that i someone take my phone away from me initially i do nothing but after 5-15 minutes i really start to do the thing i shoul do. Most of the people who self diagnose adhd are "simply" addicted to smartphone (tiktok, instagram, youtube, reddit, ...). The symptoms are really similar but the "cures" are very different. I don't want to call "liar" the people who claim to have adhd, it sure is possible but i want to put the focus on how the media i mentioned above make us addicted and unable to focus on the right task, and i don't want to see adhd becoming the new tourette syndrom (remember when people fake tourette because it was cute?)
Here’s an idea: If medication A helps ya work and medication B helps ya focus then why not take both?
The whole video is great, but I think the polish cow just really showcases the adhd experience
I once had Vyvanse kick in while I was writing a hotel review…needless to say the review ended up being a 2000 word, 7 page double spaced.
I took vyvanse, same as focalin. Made me use the restroom A LOT, didn't let me eat, so I got super skinny while being on both focalin. I was diagnosed with a.d.d. as a child in elementary school, I didn't understand why I had to take focalin as a child, I just did because an adult told me to. When I took focalin I also had a hard time sleeping so they gave me clonidine to help me sleep at night, I got nauseous when ever I smelled food, didn't remember to drink anything also because I didn't feel like it due to the medication. So my health got so bad my blood work was bad that I was forced to drink more, I wasn't a healthy weight so they forced me to eat, it wasn't until they took me off focalin that I finally was healthy and happy. When I finally got to 5th grade I was switched to vyvanse because my psychiatrist said it was better and claimed I would be able to eat normally, which was a lie. Focalin and vyvanse had the same side effects. I fainted from lack of nutrition in elementary school focalin, and I fainted when my mom and I went to a grocery store while being on vyvanse. As I got older I finally realized that they both sucked and were expensive. So now that I'm older and no longer have Medicaid to take them, I feel pretty fine without them I still lose focus at time, but I feel better off without them.
As someone on Vivance, 200% accurate reaction. If it at all helps or is a warning to taking it (I am absolutely still taking it and my reaction was the same but that may vary don’t take my word as law I just wanna give my 2c) my solution to the focus issue if I’m always focused on work/study (depending on if a uni semester is on) then I’m always doing the right thing. If what I’m focusing on the most is what matters the most, and I’m always doing that, that’s better, not good but better. I just set up stop gaps for all the other things, like extra large hampers and many extra shirts/towels/sheets for once a month laundry, everything or a copy of everything in car so I always have what I need in case I forget or am running late (because it’s always both), learning to cook with anything left in the fridge because I didn’t buy food and making a lot of it to last at least 2-5 days ect.. Basically I revolve my life around the drug, and the focus it gives me to concentrate on the most important thing, and then one day a week/month or so I deal with everything else. Is it a good solution, no. Does it work for me, for now yes. On the drugs or off the drugs, make sure what you have works for you and don’t be afraid to evaluate it and sometimes barely coping is still coping.
justice for compy!!
This sounds like my brain.... (Do I have ADHD...?)
I’ve been prescribed a combination of Daytrana- the patch form of Concerta- and Amantadine, which isn’t technically approved for ADHD treatment, but still helps. It’s like the Daytrana gives me the energy to do stuff and the Amantadine gives me the ability to focus. I had some side effects on Ritalin- heart rate of 120 lying flat on the floor- and Concerta didn’t do that, but I also had basically no control over when it wore off. With the Daytrana, when I’m done for the day, I just… take off the patch. It’s a level of control that I’m super pleased with. I can’t speak very well to physical side effects tho because I have other physical conditions that like to come and go at random, so it’s hard to determine casualty there.
The 5 people in your head thing is way too accurate for me........... I should probably get a diagnosis..... at some point.
Had ADHD and been on adderall since the 3rd grade (shit's gotten so crazy that im on 25mg now), and I just wanna say that there's definitely a learning curve to using it. I don't know about the meth part tho, absolutely not addicted. By itself, my attention isn't like constant wandering. It's like selective thinking, and then also having 12x the brainpower on doing something completely pointless that isn't what i need to do.
I have been taking focuest and intunive for a while and have been working great during the day, then I get home and poof, but I have really good grades and stuff soooooooo. I got diagnosed at 11 and have been on meds for a while. I have have no ill affects, Im just lucky that I don't have a hard problem with meds.  What I normally do is take meds, feed pets get food do stuff. Works well for me, my heart gose out to all the people with ADHD who don't have the support they need to work well. <3
I was diagnosed with ADHD (ADD) and given adderall. It was the start to a very downward spiral to the point that I have been way too terrified of trying other meds for it.
I have really bad ADHD and I take Adderall in high doses but it's a capsule that stretches the effects over a long period of time and sometimes  I do get what you talked about but kinda rarely since I take other meds that balance it out not just to deal with other issues like depression autism anxiety and very very mild OCD  so I definitely get and feel you, bro, hope you find something that works for you.
There is a ever-increasing shortage of ADHD medications. Please get properly diagnosed before taking medical advice from tiktoks
ADHD when i take pills i can tell people i take meth 64 milligrams of it  methylphenidate hydrochloride that is :D (AKA Concerta)
I’m on both vyvanse and adderal rn with the adderal as like a take-as-needed thing. If I need to do a task, I take the adderal, if I don’t, I don’t. I take the vyvanse every day tho
unsubbed, I might resub with your next video...
Lol bro I love your content. It gives me the joy every time. Thank you
I think I have ADHD because I do all of those things
I take vyvance, and yeah, it comes with it’s fair share of side effects. And while for some it’s “oh no, I’m gonna die!”, for me it’s more like “Huh, my mouth is REALLY dry…” and then when my meds wear off it’s like “huh, I’m really super hungry.”
I was gonna unsubscribe, but I got sidetracked and forgot, my bad
Idk if you did this or not, but when I was on meds doing it only on certain days helped a lot for me, doing them everyday just made me burn out and lose my entire personality for the month that I was taking them everyday straight... obv I got my personality back but it straight up held me hostage and took away my soul when I took them EVERYDAY, lmfao, so yeha... im actually not on meds anymore because ive learned to cope reasonably well without any meds(took a lot of mental breakdowns and depression so I dont recommend without the help of a therapist tbh) but also I am comorbid with autism so that probably affected it, idk, im not a nueroscientist. Anyways, peace.
In response to your experiences with meds, I too went from adderall XR to vyvanse, and now back to adderal immediate release 2x a day. The biggest thing for me, and it appears very strongly to be your case too, is that meds are only half of the battle. I was really irritable when on my meds, plus a few other things. I had to have the tools to understand how I'd feel on my meds and know what to do to work with the meds. So you stopping your meds because of the meds not doing what the needed to without any intervention on your behalf is a bit short-sighted.  The meds aren't a complete solution and with ADHD, there is never a single fix/cure for something. It takes many days and failed attempts at reinforcing new tools and skills learned in therapy to help yourself to get them to stick, which makes you more successful in managing your ADHD, with or without meds.  Once you've started to make progress on your coping skills with ADHD, meds become like a super weapon and make you unstoppable.  But you HAVE to put in the time on developing yourself and your tools for managing your specific flavor of ADHD.  I always keep a note pad next to me at my desk and any time my brain wants to jump to another task and dive into a topic that isn't what I should be doing, I write it down on the note pad "to do later". It satisfies my brain by thinking I'll get around to it (idiot brain doesn't know it's just gonna forget) and then I can continue on my regular work. Things like that.  Find what makes your ADHD really difficult and what things make it easy for you to do what you need to, and use those to your advantage to set yourself up for success. It's literally the only way I've managed to not get fired after working from home for 3+ years now due to Covid. It was literally impossible to get anything done, even with meds, without my personal development of ADHD management skills.
just smoke a blunt problem solved
I hope you find you meds that work for you, I wasn't in a position to 'shop around' effectively when I took them so I have relegated it to another thing I hate the US for. That said, yeah... totally vibe with all of what you said, I also have informed a few people I know in the past they probably have ADHD, they took the at home test and scored high, talked to a psych and got diagnosed and were like *surprised pikachu face*.
I literally just got distracted while watching this video for 30 minutes on instagram, then lost interest in instagram and cam back to this
why you do that to the cow???????
I remember taking Ritalin for my then ADHD. After a while of taking other medicines that hadn't worked all that well. And I remember I went from a not great but kinda happy and hyper teenager to turning just into a robot. My emotions and appatite were just crazy suppressed apparently ,but I didn't know because i couldnt tell i just got my stuff done and went to bed. I remember my mom being super concerned and making me big lunches and buying those meal shakes to keep me at a good weight but I hardly touched either. Decided one day to just stop taking them for good and it's been a decent road since I think over time as I turned into an adult my brain kinda refocused itself. But I did go to some LENS therapy to get some adjustments made. Over all good stuff. To the rest of ya'll stay safe and enjoy your day
0:55 ya... it costs about $5800/month just to have lunch. here's a box of toasted O's full of calorie induced expectations.
please, can we let the "iTs BaSiCaLlY mEtH" joke die? the meds are so different and don't even have the methyl- group that makes meth, meth. Adderall and vyvanse are both modified amphetamines, dextroamphetamine vs lisdextroamfetamine, just like methamphetamine is a modification of amphetamine. So if people wanna make the joke, at least say "it's basicallly speed" so you're at least accurate.
I have officially gone through 3 medications and have finally found what I needed in Azstarys. It's just been the most effective. That being said, I am a huge proponent of meds (where appropriate) but meds are not the only answer to ADHD. It still requires work and some therapy. Not like boo hoo woe is me therapy, but like hey you have the ADHD thing, what do you feel you struggle with the most? Let's find what works best for you and work on that together. My ADHD also aggravated mg OCD so as soon as I started taking meds my intrusive thoughts became much less frequent because my brain wasn't running a mile a minute at all times. It was great. Moral of the story is, just ask. If you have a good doc they'll work with you to find what you personally need.
I have adhd and am on the spectrum what do i do funny man?!
Your experience with vyvanse is the exact same as when I took strattera.. I have anxiety symptoms as well so I can’t take the hard stuff 😂. Now I’m on anxiety/depression meds to focus on those symptoms and I’m able to function a little better now.. square 1.5
Silly fun man is back. Serotonin.
I'm on the spectrum And I remember when I was younger My das took me to a therapist And like, wouldn't let me talk And was trying to convince the therapist that I had ADHD Specifically so they could medicate it  Because my step-siblings had ADHD, and were medicated
I just wanted to share my own ADHD experience here. When I was a kid, I took medication for my adhd. Concerta and later had abilify add. I took the medications every morning with breakfast when my parents gave it to me. However, once I was done with high school, I stopped taking the meds. Not because my parents didn't think I needed it, but because they decided that it was time for me to take it on my own. They were right, but, guess what? I didn't. I would constantly forget to take my meds. Even if I brought them with me to college or to work in the morning, I would forget to take them. When covid hit, the doctor I had left medical practice and I wasn't able to get refills anymore. In some ways, I saw this as a good thing because I was wasting money and resources on meds I wasn't even using anymore. Now I've been trying to find alternative methods for my adhd without using meds. Currently, I've got white boards in my room for making lists on. I make my goal to scratch off as much of the list by the end of the day, which for me is 5 or 6 o clock.
I was on the adhd meds that gave dudes tits for maybe a few months not sure but I got off them as soon as we learned and as far as I know they didn’t fk me up
I just started Strattera, 25 MG the first two days it worked amazingly but since it's just kinda eh, I think I might just need to up my dosage but I'm waiting till the check up to tell my doctor to see if it just because I'm growing used to the meds or what's going on, I have the same issue where my ADHD manifests in my thoughts rather than actions, and taking it kinda just stops that and I can focus on just one train of thought, the main issue I run into though is the same problem you had with your second medication, where I will tunnel vision on whatever I was focused on when the meds hit, this week hasn't been much of an issue cause I'm on vacation and I'm doing a lot of different things everyday so I can quickly shift focus, but on days that I don't take it I really notice it, ie today I didn't take it and I could just feel my mind going 1,000,000 mph, its rough but hey just gotta keep tryin right?
ADHD sometimes u get concentres at a 100% for5 mins
Off my meds once I literally went to the store and bought that gecko tape and started climbing the wall due to my brain saying "Hey, become spuder men"
I haven’t taken my medication In a few years and honestly I’m not sure if I’m glad or let down cus for one it helped me focus a lot to the point a game of dodgeball was like being in the matrix. But the big side effect was losing all my emotions. I was literally a walking husk of a person. Someone told a funny joke. Nothing. Someone said something nice. Nothing. Of course I acknowledged it all but I just couldn’t respond to it like I usually do. Oh and eat a meal before taking it. Woof that nauseous feeling is horrendous.
7:25 I had to stop taking my anxiety meds because I'd moved my psych appointment and ran out of refills (didn't ask for more because that medication wasn't helping anyways). Like he said, do NOT stop a medication without consulting your physician.. but if you *do*, make sure you taper it. I didn't have enough left to properly taper off the anxiety meds, so I tapered semi-properly for two weeks and then had to deal with body tingles for a week (iykyk).
Heyyyyyy I'm one of those
is it just me or is the audio is really quiet?
Yeah great, Adhd... but WHAT WAS THAT COW SONG IN THE BEGINNING??!!?
I was diagnosed and tested for ADD (now it's all just ADHD for some reason) and Adderall works great for me
dont...look.....up polish cow lyrics....
Try medical marijuana if it's legal where you live because that helps me a lot
Focalin Gang Focalin Gang
as someone who was diagnosed at a young age and then stopped taking my meds after highschool (i take them now but for about 2 years i went without and went into a complete downward spiral in my life) this is the most accurate description and case study of ADHD i have seen to date.
4:44 this is why I’ve never really been on board with most adhd meds. Therapy was a pain, but it’s better than meth. (For me, your results may vary)
There is a mobile game for ADHD and people with short attention span and can even help them to become ASMR ARTIST you can ask your users to play it or you can make a video on it, name of game is: ASMR ARTIST!
ADHD = "Why Wonder When We Can Find Out!!!"
For my experience, I got ADD, I did a 3 year Bachelor of Animation course unmedicated, and the issue i had with procrastination WAS IMMENSE. Like I thought it was just me being stupid, then I realized "wait, what if it ISNT just me being stupid." And started going down the loop to get ADD meds. Started with Ritalin 10mg, low dose, short acting, so i had to take 2 a day, then I started Concerta 36mg, medium dose, long acting so i only have to take it in the morning, and now I'm on Concerta 54mg, high dose, long acting, and its helped so bloody much like, I can focus on tasks, I can think clearly without so much noise. I can still get distracted, any human can, but its a ton better then before. If i miss it for a day, I can so bloody feel the effects of pre-med me.  My brother has ADHD and is on Ritalin, but was originally on Vivanse, which made him angry, so he had to change, and now he sticks with Ritalin and it helps him a ton too. So honestly, ask about Concerta or Ritalin, they're pretty similar and have a really good effect, some have had cases of addiction, but thats why you test
I have adhd and autism and i used both meds mentioned in the video and i felt the same way you described them, i am now very educated on this and im most likely gonna forget in 5 minutes but i like this video.
My unmedicated ADHD is so bad i don't even know what the tasks are that i have to do. Still no meds tho because i hated them when i was on them
As a person who has adhd, it’s so utterly frustrating when I’m trying to listen to someone and out of nowhere, I just zone tf out. Then I have to ask them constantly to repeat themselves because I have a hard time listening. I feel so freaking bad for anyone that talks to me. I also hate the overlapping thoughts when I’m trying to be productive. I can’t think and it really makes me mad.
bruh i wish your videos had a dark mode cus im watchin em at 1:35 AM 😔
You aren't the only one with ADHD I do too it is terrible
I take concerta and it really helps me focus even on tasks I'm not interested in. Like I have to take an econ class and I major in psych and I can actually DO the readings and such. It's a slow release as well I still get really caught up in things I do like doing (video games, drawing) but I can better manage my reward path, ya know?
Only way I could get myself to actually do work was to take my meds in the morning, get a cup of tea, light a candle, play some music, throw my phone across the room and sit down in front of whatever i had to do. It works like a charm but fuuuuck is it hard at first
Also worth nothing for Vyvanse (or however you spell it) that he didn't mention (or he just didn't go through it), a big side effect is that it can kill your appetite. When I was taking them I had *a lot* of days where I barely ate anything at all because I was just never hungry, then the days after where I didn't take them (usually because I forgot) I ended up eating a lot more than I should have. It helped me focus, but at the same time my eating habits were completely shot
I think a lot of us, depending on the situation, need to just accept that we have ADHD and stop trying to not have ADHD. We struggle endlessly, and for what? Maybe it's ok to just.. HAVE adhd.
On vyvanse. A lot of what you said sounds very relatable for me. I have tried talking to my doctor about it multiple times now, but he just keeps pushing it. If I even ask about the possibility of taking different meds he either ignores me or tells me that “they all do the same thing” and that I just have to live with the side effects. Has not been very helpful at all
I have never felt more related to a video about ADHD
1:34 is being in your 30's and reading a textbook because your professor was like "It's in the book" instead of explaining something to me in a different way -_-
The amount of different meds ive tried So think ive tried them all by this point and atleast the ones that insurance cover but alas none of them work except the one that they stopped covering and is 300 bucks to buy so Im pretty much unmedicated I feel bad for those who dont have insurance since meds are expensive Right now Im supposed to be taking Concerta but that messes with my bpm and makes it really fast and hard to breath and makes it really achy so I was also dumb and stopped taking them without telling anyone
i forgot the medication i took for ADHD but essentially it just turned off my exited-ness as a child and made me listen more side effects where i basically felt like i had already eaten enough to last the full day when infact i had nothing this lasted for months as I would get horrible migranes and vomit without knowing why not to mention i could see pretty much every bone in my body like an extreme anorexic i eventually threw away the meds at the end of 5th grade suffering 2 years of that
Yeah the process with medication can take some time. It's kind of like tuning the suspension on a race car. You'll make a discovery that makes it way better and you go a little further with it and it's poopy town.  My psychiatrist is very adamant about using the least amount of medication, but also sometimes it's about balancing one other med with a primary for off-label means for the individuals needs.  You can put several dozen ADHD brains in a room (Don't ever actually do this, like ever) and every single one of them will have completely different medication compatibility or even just therapy styles that work best for them.
I've tried various meds my whole life and they all suck imo. They target things that aren't the problem and come with untennable side effects imo. I know they work in some ways for some people, and I thought that was me for a long time, but like it or not, there is (currently) no "stop having ADHD" medication.  In addition, adderall is dangerous if you're also bipolar.  Concerta is also just meth. The dose is fine, but doctors treat you like shit if they think you're drug shopping. I was abused and treated like a criminal for trying to be on concerta. They expected me to never miss a dose and to always show up on time to surprise pee tests. It was a nightmare. How the fuck can anyone expect someone with ADHD to get a perfect score hitting those goals?? Especially since adhd is rarely the only thing people have.  Anyway.  I've begun to believe, and this is something I'e heard from other people too....  1. ADHD is not the problem and you should go with it instead of struggling against it. 2. Medication is designed to make productive and quiet students and workers, not to improve the life of the person with ADHD.  Burnout is the real enemy.  Medication makes me burn out, and fighting ADHD without meds makes me burn out.  The only times I feel healthy is when I'm playing follow-the-leader and actually saying, "sure, today can be pottery-and-podcasts day, even though I wanted to hang out with friends and do the dishes".  ADHD sets the goal and I pursue it.  I live alone on welfare,which is the only reason I can do this. No scheduals, no deadlines, except the unavoidable stuff, so I don't have to bruteforce anything more than like twice a week. This prevents infinite stress buildup.  Plus, whatever ADHD decides is "acceptable" for the day, I'm better at than normal. So if I'm always doing what it wants me to do, I'm always in the bonus zone. And I stopped devaluing it! Getting things done, learning, resting, enjoying myself, is never "the wrong thing" just because I didn't plan to do it. I started APPRECIATING what WAS actually happening, instead of getting mad at myself for doing what are ultimately GOOD things to do! What I do is chaotic and not always what I need, but overall I do a lot more and feel a lot better.  I have had to accept that I'm disabled.  I will never wash enough dishes to be independant.  I can never remember to brush my teeth enough, change my clothes enough, take out the trash enough, take my medicine enough, or do ANYTHING enough, to live independantly.  I have stopped listening to the part of me that says "You CAN do everything yourself! All you have to do is stop having ADHD!"  Because I will aways have ADHD. The only thing that attitude gives me is low self esteem. It doesn't help. It makes me,overpromise and,underdeliver and then beat myself up for being "lazy" or for "not focusing".  There is no such thing as focus for us!!!!  What WE call focus is NOT the same focus that OTHER people talk about.  What WE call focus, is the happenstance of being allowed to absorb information, sometimes.  That is NOT focus.  Focus to everyone else is the DELIBERATE and FRUITFUL action of DECIDING to pay attention to something.  That is why we always "try" to focus and can't. It's not something other people try to do and fail at. They just do it if they want to.  That is why we need to stop beating ourselves up. It's a failure when other people don't do it. But for us, it's a disability.  We are disabled.  If you're like me, that thought will make you cry with grief, because you don't want to give up and admit it's not going to work. You've been told your whole life that if you just tried harder, everything will be just fine.  But how hard are you going to try before realizing that they have NO IDEA how impossible it is for you?  How hard do you have to try before it's more harm than good?  I have a caretaker. That's why I'm healthy. Because they can do the things I can't.  When I was able to admit to myself that I'm disabled, I asked the government for help, and they evaluated me and my daily struggles, and said "yeah for what you go through every day, you require 70+ hours of assistance every month."  Can you even IMAGINE someone telling you that you obviously need and deserve help?  I could barely wrap my brain around it. It was like I had been gaslit my whole life until now.  People will tell you ADHDers are neurodivergent, not disabled, and we just process differently. That ADHD is a gift.  It is a gift and we are neurodivergent, that's true. We can do things other people can't do. I'm proud to have ADHD.  However, it's not the condition that determines if we're disabled, it's the context.  A blind person among sighted people is not particularly disabled in a room with no light. In fact they may well be more able than the others.  But the world was just not built for us.  It's entirely hostile to many of us.  That is where disability comes from.  It is not shameful or admitance of failure to realize you are struggling.  Because I did, I can now be free to have a positive and useful relationship with ADHD, instead of constantly fighting it.  Rides the waves. Do what you can. Don't worry about what you can't.  If you're in a labyrinth and you refuse to aknowledge the walls are ever-changing, you'll spend most of the time smushing your face into bricks. Look around, find the actually open path, and follow it.  ADHD refuses to let you set your own goals. But it always gives you a path forward.
I have ADHD and used to take meds for it and it really help with school.
@Ice Cream Sandwich I Have ADHD and taking ritilan is way better
You say don't let it affect my opinion, but I started Vyvanse 4 weeks ago and thought the surge of artistic creativity and house cleaning to my academic expense (RIGHT WHEN I was finishing up some academic work starting semester 1 in uni) WAS MY BAD DISCIPLINE. It's the VYvanse!
I started straterra a year ago and it was like magic. I could suddenly focus on exactly what I needed to do. It came with a bunch of physical side effects that were annoying but I figured the mental improvement was worth it. A month later I found out during the follow-up that my blood pressure had gone from very healthy to stage 2 hypertension. I had to downgrade my dosage because my cardiovascular system really couldn't handle that much pressure. So now I still take the medication but at a dosage that doesn't feel as effective, and my blood pressure is borderline hypertensive and drinking even a little caffeine is enough to send it over the edge. But compared to having untreated ADHD, I feel like it's still worth it
I wasn’t really paying attention to the video because the background was white and it’s midnight and now my head hurts :(
my view oh adhd meds is it like building a house on top of a mass grave sure it looks nice and people wouldn't know but there still there and you will always know that they are there.  Because you can't just git ride of them there corpse and a lot.  so your just stuck like that living your life on top of a mass grave.  what was i talking about again oh ya adhd meds.
I had no idea what ADHD was until I saw ur video and I was like: those symptoms sound a lot like me…do I have ADHD? Huh. Weird. Whatever.
Okay I just unsubbed. Oh wait I wasn't subscribed to begin with, oh well. Guess I'm subscribed now
After watching so many of your videos in this single night, in which I have never once seen this channel or you as a person, I have ultimately deemed you to be the friend I wish I had growing up because holy are we literally two peas in a pod. Every one of your videos I could not have felt any more validated about my entire personality, in a nutshell, in my entire life. The door video really did it for me. I hope you have a lovely day/night :)
2:45 i feel personalized attacked, but i laughed way too hard at it.   I was on Ritalin Concerta and Depakote as a kid. I call them my zombie days. I don't  remember much or ever will. And the fact that i was given meth a kid blows my mind.  Also, tho not for everyoe, I microdose thc to keep my mind at bay. A vape pen is my best friend.
Heyyyyy I’m on Vyvanse!! I experience no mostly adverse effects, but I am also constant tired mentally. That can lead to socialization problems, cause my energy level is way way down. Unfortunately however, one of the reasons I take meds is because of my inability to hold a train of thought taking a toll on my social life, so hurrah! I fixed one problem caused by an extreme amount of mental energy, and made a different one by taking all away :-) (Side note I tried dextroamphetamine and started hallucinating so that’s fun)
I would suggest dopamine detoxing to reset your dopamine levels to 0
Personally (and thank god), i've only had one bad experience with adhd meds. Turns out, I might be slightly allergic to Adderall, because when I took it, my heart felt like it was about to explode. So far, i've been through 4 medications, and am currently on vyvance, which so far is working the best for me!
Bruh, that too but idk if y’all experienced this too but whenever on medicine you can’t eat and there were multiple days where I would just eat nothing at all and just be pissed off cause my body was hungry but I had no appetite to eat anything, and the medicine gave me similar feelings as your first one  currently I am on dylexofedelate (I got no clue how to spell it) and it is better but only in small doces
Medication is not a solution in a circumstance like this. It's a crutch you eventually develop a dependence on..  Where being under the influence of a certain narcotic is your everyday normal.  If you can identify negitive behavioral issues,  you can correct them, trying to do a little better each day, eventually your doing it without even thinking about it.
When I take Dexedrine (forgot how to spell it), I feel this empty sensation in my stomach and feel really down kinda like depression. Is there an explanation for that? I cant find it when i search it up on google and thought here would be the best bet
Well, i guess i gotta tell my story too, been diagnosed for a long time, since I was six years old, and i always was given ritalin, unfortunately later in life it was discovered that ritalin was affecting my heart, because i have a malformation and ritalin was giving me tachycardia, so diched it and gave me other meds that don't really focus on ADHD, but the withdrawal from ritalin was certainly something not nice, obviously having taken it for years made me almost dependant, then i switched from medication to medication constantly, never felt right with any of them, most targeted misdiagnoses of bipolarity, and a few targeted my anger issues but in a nasty way, i felt slightly calmer until i didn't had the meds then i was a ticking bomb, a visit to the psych ward and they gave me Other meds and at that point I was sick and tired of it, so I ditched it, I'm not someone with a ton of ADHD, i have more predominant Asperger's Syndrome, so i tried to calm myself, By making a bunch of exercise, running always i can, doing all kinds of tiring stuff, along with a hobby of carving wood and drawing really made the symptoms a lot more manageable, i no longer have constantly excess energy but i keep my creativity, and probably get fit too  that's how i abandoned meds and started to make exercise
So the downside to the meth ones is that, well, its meth. Which often has side effects. I would ask about bupropion, i was on that for a while and it really helped with focus.
I actually am about to take the plunge and go back onto medications myself. I was diagnosed with ADHD at 5 years old and was taking meds all the way from Kindergarten to 7th grade and by that point nothing was working anymore. So I just stopped. I refused to let my mom or dad buy any more meds. Said I wouldn't take them. And they agreed to let me stop cause it wasn't helping. And from 12/13 years old until 24 I was managing my symptoms. Not well but I was managing. Now at almost 25 I can't anymore. Nothing's working again. I know this was just way too much personal info about me but I felt like sharing. So if anyone else is in a similar situation they don't feel alone. K bye.
Nice 🧀 🧀 🧀 🧀 🧀 🧀
OK SO I FEEL SEEN
Pain
Polish cow
7:30 I was taking the highest dose possible of zoloft years ago and I just stopped cold turkey and it felt like I could just exist again. I hate zoloft. ruined my life
FINALLY SOMETHING RELATABLE
As a person who also takes medication to combat my ADHD, I find it much easier to focus on not being attentive.
Ya I totally had the same experience with vyvanse, I ended up trying it again a year or so later and it's been working alot better now. But I think that's mainly because I have a tighter schedule and I figured out that I need to eat and drink an insane amount of food before and during its effects to avoid the headaches and "floated" feeling 😅.  Which us very hard because guess what Vyvanse suppress your hunger... Great 👍
Yea, my experience with ADHD meds was a trip. First time I took them, it was so weird being able to actually understand and know what was happening in classes, during the lessons, but I also just stopped eating entirely. I was really irritable, and snapped at my friends a lot. I think I know exactly what he meant by breathy, it just feels,... not good. Like you're constantly unhappy and uncomfortable for no reason, and like you just got the wind knocked out of you, but no matter how much you breath it doesn't go away. And it just gets progressively worse. It also just doesn't feel right for me, like I'm not really myself when I'm medicated. We tried a lot of different medications and dosages, but I'm off meds now, and I wouldn't have it any other way. Honestly, my friends and my experience has always been more important to me than my studies, and I did not want to trade any semblance of having fun in school, for my grades. I still struggle with ADHD, but I don't regret going off them. Also a friendly reminder, DON'T GO OFF MEDICATION WITHOUT DOCTORS PERMISSION, ITS VERY IMPORTANT. I ASKED IF I SHOULD GO OFF, AND THEY WERE LIKE DEFFINATLY, UNLESS YOU WANNA TRY MORE, AND I WAS LIKE, N O! That's it bye!
as a person with adhd, yes
I'm not diagnosed with ADHD but after a lot of research I'm pretty sure it's possible I have it (currently seeking help to see if I'm right lol). I took vyvanse for a couple years to actually help keep me awake during the day. I've had sleeping problems for a while now, but about 5ish years ago I physically couldn't stay awake during the day, so my school nurse told my mom that her husband takes vyvanse to stay awake. So I started taking that, and it helped so much. The only problem is I'm pretty sure it made my focusing problems worse? I don't really remember. Had to stop taking it about 2 or 3 years ago because my system had gotten used to it and it wasn't helping anymore.  But yeah that's my story lol 👍 just heard them mention vyvanse and was like 👁👄👁
As someone with ADHD this was extremely painful and relatable. Though in my case I miss my medication allowing me to focus on the things I want to, because funny haha America adhd med shortage.
5:13 and 6:23 are sooo acurate for me . Idk if it's related or not but I take Concerta and feel the same effects. One time I was home from school because I was sick, so I tried to do my work, but as usual I get off task and go on various social media cites I like that ingage me in debate (Quora, Twitter, a bit of the YT comments section and reddit). I was on there for quite some time and eventually felt like crap. I was shaking, scared, out of breath, confused, and even a bit dizzy. I don't know if it was a mix of both not doing my work, being behind, etcetera, but this was seriously weird and I knew something was up.  Then came the worst symtom. I have tried Rittialin, Concerta, and Adderall, and they all have one common symtom that sucks the most. Anger. I started getting filled to the brim with frustration even when someone were to make such gentle comments like "You look sick. Do you...want some water?" The situation eventually spiraled out to me having to go away from people so I would-in therory-calm down. It worked, but my entire day was spoiled and my plans of a quick homework session then TF2 was in shambles. (for the plans part; I also beat my self up a lot during the process, its hard to explain but basically it felt like a millions me's were trying to write a simple paragraph at the same time, all of them clobbering over eachother to hit the backspace button) I talked with my doctor afterwards,  suggesting different meds and different dosages. I don't know if I should contine meds or not, but I think its still worth a shot (if that makes any sense).  TLDR; had a similar experience to Ice cream sandwich, took the meds and had uncontroable side effects that made me rethink the meds importance. Please give me advice here, and dont say "talk to your doctor" or anything like that because I will in the future.
Going cold turkey is always gonna affect you somehow; be careful.
Why is your name ice cream shandich
I took some once, man, everything was just so quiet
i stopped taking meds for it a long time ago. every one sucked. there was one that would ruin my ability to read. my vision would be fine but once i tried to read something i would see triples.
I use Ritalin and Artige
4th comment bc distracted, any1 else with adhd not able to sit still while watching a show or movie, or even playing a game sometimes, without snacking, like thank god I have insane metabolism or I'd b mf obese, I'll give an example from only like 3 hours ago, I'm in the movies with friends watching the new demon slayer (yay) and I have a whole ass burrito, like full qdoba burrito...and Gatorade, and prime, and more Gatorade, and purple dorito (yum) and tastycake(much yum) I didn't get to all of it but lemme tell u that burrito was so good, damn I'm hungry, imma get high later and eat, that'll b fun 🙃😗  edit: finally I can make a comment and not worry if it's coherent or makes sense, don't even have to stay on topic, bc everyone here already knows y my comment is like this 😭  edit 2: see if u can find all 4 of my comments, they're all long and have edits 😂 I think imma go do something else bc my adhd off the damn walls rn  edit 3: IM BACK, any1 else notice their adhd gets worse when around someone with extreme adhd or mainly when I remember or am reminded I have it, maybe it's just bc I'm self aware now but I feel very sporadic, in moments like this I just like to feel goofy and not b upset that my brain is like this, just kinda embrace it, actually to all my adhd friends, I want yall to go watch a twomad video and tell me how ur adhd is doing afterwards, anytime I watch him I end up very dumb for like an hour 🤤🧐  edit 4...: OK this prolly won't b the last one but I'm curious if any1 else feels like meds make them depressed dor robotic, or vice versa, being depressed turns off my adhd, crazy thought tho, what if my adhd is protecting me from depression and mood disorders?? oh no imma think ab that for awhile, honestly maybe, that's cool to think ab
As someone who takes ADHD tablets, I have struggled as it removes my hunger.
Fun fact, ADHD medication has meth in it😊😊
I'm on Strattera cuz ADHD and it's a lot easier to operate at any task. Meds are worth if you got the money n' a good specialist to treat the symptoms
3rd comment here bc I'm distracted, the thing ab being able to do physical tasks but not thinking tasks is so tru, not even on meds occasionally ill just b like, "damn my room dirty asf", and then I clean it all, do my laundry (wait I need to do that rn actually) and do the dishes, but try to get me to start my essay or study? um. no. it just isn't gonna realistically happen :/ until I manage to start by convincing myself I can cheat my way thru it or something like that, and once I'm started if I can rly focus without getting distracted (happens sometimes if I get locked in) then I can do it :), that happens about once a month, :(
1:06 do you ever look at someone and wonder what is going on inside their head?
adhd is an acid trip but like not lmao dude it sucks so much like i have just realized that i have math homework from 2 weeks ago in my room damn it and no that was not a joke :--:
Wait so I'm having meth for ADHD people and legal?
Usually Andy is pretty unreasonable to his co-characters. But let's be fair, that guy at the beginning was being a jerk. Like come on, the man is trying to talk to you.  I don't support computer violence, but compy owner is to blame.
Why is this video so quiet?
soon this will be me (finally seeing  a psych)
I had very bad ADHD in middle school until I tried meditation. I got very lucky and the first medication I tried worked like a charm (Vivance). It also gets rid of all desire to boredom-snack which helped me loose weight as a nice side effect.
Yes this is me but also I have autism so vivance gives me depression I took the meds and when I stoped I felt amazing but school was hard
When I was on adhd medication (I’m not sure what kind it was, I think it was vivance) it worked really well, but it made me not want to eat anything, and I became underweight. So I had to stop taking it entirely, but I’m doing fine now
0:36 that caterpillar doing orange justice is absolutely gold
My doctor advised that I stop using it after I started meaning to take 30 mg were exactly work I took Focalin
the fact I've tried half of the drugs he listed, prolly more but under different names, I don't take them anymore 🙃 makes me upset, I do take mood stabilizers and antidepressants tho, would recommend 9.69/10.1  edit: oh speaking of Vyvanse I think I have that stuff, taking like 20x the recommended dosage up ur nose with a friend is not smart, don't do that 👍
This is why I really like Strattera, since it's not even a stimulant (which is really rare in adhd meds and most people don't know it's an option). It does take a few weeks to kick in, though, so people tend to quit early and say it doesn't work :( but the great thing about the weeks long kick in is that once it kicks, it's constant. Just a background level of meds instead of ups and downs
ADHD meds are actually a pretty powerful medical drug
aha, funny how I clicked on this, immediately got distracted and started looking at comments 💀 11 some years since I got diagnosed, we going strong 💪 🤙sike nah this shit got me fucked up daily 😭😭  edit: every 30 seconds I get distracted and end up here, I have 2 comments both with edits 💀 on some vids I end up with like 7 different comments I made thru the duration and am like, huh, I wonder how that happened 😶‍🌫️  edit 2: I was gonna go watch the new aot episode like an hour ago, but I've been on the toilet distracted, oops, that's pretty much how everything goes tho  edit 3: I have 4 comments now, and they're all very long, incoherent, and off topic, but on the bright side I managed to get up and leave the bathroom, got distracted halfway to my room tho, I'm in the hallways now, I'll get there eventually
I was ignored by doctors and teachers my entire life. I had to diagnose myself at 23. I am a bit bitter because I could have been a doctor if I'd been diagnosed earlier... I still managed to rehabilitate my career prospects and became a lawyer so I try not to wallow.
When i was a kid i used to be medicated for my ADHD, i was put on meds that would basically help me calm down and focus so severely that you could actually tell when the meds started wearing off. It was honestly a very wild experience, but i was taken off of my meds by the time middle school came around, and ever since, my grades slipped significantly to the point where i almost didnt graduate twice.  Im out of school now, but i still wish i could have some form of medication back
are we in hell
ADHD kicks in and just starts scrolling through the comment section instead of watching the video
1:16 is the most accurate representation of how my thoughts sound
Me smart. Me made multiverse. Me imaginative. Me need to bed. Bed = good, Sleep = good. Good = goodnight.
This might just be because I have had bad experiences with ADHD meds while having ADHD, but I really do not recommend using ADHD meds for overcoming ADHD. Some people I know who have ADHD or have a child who has it claim that med supposedly improves their situation. But my experience with meds was very similar to Ice Cream Sandwich's, where I either got sick, overly tired, had sudden mood swings, or just flat out did not work. Over time, while knowing my predicament, I have found ways to help my brain deal with this issue without meds. Now understandably, no two people's situation will not be the same, but unless you are intentional in taking steps to improve your focus, you will not get better meds or not. Sometimes, it just takes you intentionally focusing on one task until it is complete or finding ways to stay on task. In the end, it takes more perseverance to become more proficient when fighting against issues like ADHD than it does anything else. Yes, it is hard to beat it, but not impossible.
I'd recommend methylphenidate or anything in that family for focus, it makes me to feel like my brain isn't static filled anymore. 🥰
I am medicated with it
My doctor prescribed me 20 mg of Adderall which is kinda a lot for a person my age/size and i've been taking it for like a year and half now. I would say the only tangible effect is just an increase in... motivation? Things like responding to a text, making my bed, or starting a homework assignment no longer seem like unconquerable tasks. It doesn't exactly improve focus, but I am much less likely to give up on what I'm doing. However, touching on the meth thing, I've developed a chemical addiction to it so now my brain makes basically zero dopamine naturally. When it wears off or if I dont take it I am a mindless depressed shell of a person and this is especially a problem bc currently there is a nationwide Adderall shortage. For the past few months, every time I go to refill my meds its takes them like two weeks to do so. I want to stop taking them all together it but also I need to participate in society and be happy so oh well.
Wait why are you not supposed to stop taking the meds? Is it like a withdrawal thing?
rittlen helps me but thats just me
6:58 OH SHIT MAYBE THATS WHAT HAPPENED. One day I felt so out of breath I thoughtI was having heart issues. Went to doc, doc said your hart sounds fine, she didn’t know what it was.  Edit: (I also take vyvanse.)
i take concerta and it works pretty well for me, i also take guanfacine helps with my impulses and the concerta focuses me :3
I take vyvanse
ok ok ok so for those who don't know, the reason you don't just STOP taking meds is because you will go into withdrawal and that can make everything so much worse. usually if you need to stop meds your doctor will tell you to correct way to ease off your specific medication. for some meds for some people, going cold turkey works but for a lot of people and a lot of different meds it can cause problems as light as headaches to as awful as seizures or even coma. so PLEASE do not ever stop taking meds without talking to your doctor because it can be very dangerous depending on your body's general medicine reactions and the types of medicine you are taking.
also: wathced this video on double speed as usual, and left 1 min in to another tab I had open
this is how i feel
Oh my god. I remember vivance (sorry, probably misspelled but done fighting autocorrec). Right around when I was taking it I had my grandfather in a coma in the hospital and he had just woken up. Now a thing to know about me is that I have an actual, little spoken of, phobia of seeing loved ones in the hospital or in a way that is impossible for me to care for them in a way that they get better. A nuance but one of my really deep fears and down right phobias. It’s little known because I still force myself to see loved ones in these places or be by their side to support them or offer comfort. But my god, I’m freaking out inside and being triggered so bad the entire time. Another thing to know about me is that I also have Anxiety. I am mostly considered high functioning with it but I still get those lovely attacks. Well, after a day seeing my grandfather in the hospital looking still sick, but awake and conscious of everything, I was on edge. I was also medicated. It’s lunch time so the family, who had all gathered to see my grandfather, decided to meet up and go to a restaurant. Guess who I see at the head of the huge table talking to my grandmother? My grandfather’s older brother! Guess who looks like an identical but healthy copy of my grandfather? His brother! Yeah so I freaked the fuck out and couldn’t snap out of it because the meds had me focused on the panic attack I had and so it took me twice as long to get ahold of myself and my brother was freaked out (because he usually helps ground me during these if he is around) I had an ice pack, courtesy of the restaurant, on my neck, and was just sitting in the car in the heat of summer in the desert (is a desert town) just freaking out for maybe 30 or so minutes and not yet passed out from it. My parents and I immediately agreed to just not let me had meds on “days off” like that again, especially in stressful situations like that for me. This is also around the time I confessed to my parents about my phobia and they felt sorry about every time I had gone ahead and let myself be triggered in the past (other grandfather dying, great grandmother sick, my very sick and dying paternal aunt, my various dogs I had to see off when they finally passed at the vet, a friend who had a car accident and was very injuries and hospitalized, my dad nearly every year because he is accident prone, etc). This hasn’t actually stopped me from entering the medical profession though. I’m stubborn which is the only dang thing keeping my adhd, depression, and anxiety in line while I’m unmedicated. And yeah, for now, I’m unmedicated. Its difficult enough to get meds when you decide you need them in the USA, as was mentioned. But lately my depression has gotten bad and is triggering my anxiety with it which leads to worse symptoms of my adhd (what a lovely cascade effect). So I’ve been discussing adding meds for my depression. I’m not looking forward to it. I’ve been medicated before and….well I rarely have it work well in my particular case, not to mention some very traumatizing instances I have had to face regarding their use or those prescribing them being the reason. It’s been a journey. So let me say my current unmedicated state is not from internalized ableism, it’s from trauma a series of bad experiences attempting to be medicated. That was my experience though. Thought I would share. I don’t want to say for anyone to not add medication as a toolset for themselves. This was simply my own experience. My brother for instance has had a very good experience with adding medication to his therapy and it’s definitely allowed him to lead a better quality of life with it. I would love an experience like his. It just wasn’t in my cards and now I have stuff to undo mentally if I want to make another attempt, which I’m trying to do. But I’ll start with the depression since it’s being the worst one right now. Wish me luck!
1:18 you get it😂😂
You would definitely like ritilan. I had to switch from adderall to ritilan because insurance problems and I miss my adderall 😢
YO YOUTUBE EMOJIS
2+2 =6 because the government
Hey, just a heads up the “adderall is basically meth” thing is factually untrue and is a really harmful stigma about a medication that some of us do need.
I’m watching this while I’m supposed to do my math exam due at 12 am lmfao
Is it just me or is this video VERY quiet
I literally can't take anything but Adderal for my ADD, I react weird to anything else.
I need my meds or I will stupid
Rip dopamine
I have sleeping adhd and I can’t sleep lol
When I was on my adhd meds, I was finally mentally able to do math. But I lost the ability to read and comprehend what was on the page. So during school, I’d do all the analytical homework, and when I got home, my meds wore off. So then I’d do my reading homework. I did this for 6 years, and then I started to outgrow my meds, and every time I’d take them, I’d violently shake all the time. And now I don’t take anything for it and I’m fine.
what's   an adhd
same thing happened to me😭
I’ve been diagnosed with ADHD from a very young age I’m talking like 5 and I’ve been on lots of medication with lots of different doses but I’m currently on 40mg of vyvanse
Where I live we have an adderal shortage and I’ve been having withdraws without it and I hated it 😭
Omg I took Ritalin from 9 years old to 14 and I don’t remember a single conversation I had with anyone on that time lmfao it was very hazy the memories I felt very nervous and couldn’t eat but I was focused and every time the teacher said a question and I new the answer I got super ultra excited but didn’t answer it because I was nervous 😬 also when the effects got rid I could eat a cow and a burst of energy just exploded also I did swimming so that energy helped a lot and I have ticks and it made it 1000 time worse lol
I am on adderal as well. I had a better reaction to it
ADHD? I barely know her.
Right now I am literally taking a type of meth to help with my ADHD. Its called methylphendate.
So I started taking medication for ADHD I think back in grade 2 started off with Concerta and after I entered high school I think it was high school it had no effect on me so they switched me to Vyvanse which kind of works yes maybe I don't know... there is probably Adderall mixed in at one point or another and some times I was told to take two a day but most the time it's one a day.
How about instead of drugging yourself, read some philosophical books! I know it sounds silly, or even moralizing, but modern psychology fetishizes biology and medicine to a disgusting and distressing degree. Introspection and self analysis (you don't have to be a professional) can be really useful!   I would recommend Jordan Peterson (and before you start scrolling down: I'm a transgender moderate-left American. *No. Jordan Peterson is not some transphobic asshole.*) because a lot of his work centers around finding meaning in life, speaking honestly to yourself, and generally becoming more aware of who you are as a person. It can really help calibrate your senses and (hopefully in your case) maybe get rid of some of that distraction that's messing with you so much. I would especially recommend this if your medication has/is not working, because that might mean that your problem isn't a biological one, but a psychological or emotional one.
I’ve was diagnosed with adhd when I was six, over ten years ago, and it’s so funny to see someone who grew up without knowing about adhd and seeing what all happens to others
T
I struggled with ADHD medication and ended up getting SUPER sick and fatigued. I highly recommended this book. It has great, NATURAL, NO MEDICATION solutions. Its called Finally Focused by James Greenblatt M.D. Helped me a lot! Now I am able to run a business, complete college, and renovate my house without having to constantly worry about my ADHD. Hope this helps somebody!
I take Adderal for my ADHD and it causes a loss of appetite. Did you also have this problem?
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
I have meds for adhd
5:50 did bro pull up that middle finger
1:05 1:50 Racism lore
I also had the same experience with Ritalin when I first got it. My psychiatrist gave me the prescription because I was having the hardest time with college (failing every subject cough cough) and then I thought my problems would be solved! Nope! What Ritalin did instead was kick the hyperfocus in and I spent 10+ hours drawing instead of doing college work. So I thought welp this is useless to me! That was until I went to see a therapist who specializes in ADHD She was the one actually able to give me the directions in order for Ritalin to actually be effective, which was: routine. Following a routine was what helped me be able to accomplish things on my daily basis and no, it's not easy to follow a routine at all! Us ADHD brain have no capability of forming habits so everything we do is a conscious decision that we need to remember! So I got alarms and boards and sticky notes with reminders! Pomodoro is also the game changer on what helped me do college work as well! Simple app but makes a world of difference!   So basically, meds by themselves don't do anything if you don't know how to use it properly! I needed help because I had the superpower but no guidance on how to make it the most effective it could be! I absolutely still struggle with routine because one inconvenience that happens can absolutely break it but again, it's a forever work in progress for us! Writing the things you accomplished down also helps, breaking things into like: I woke up, I got out of bed, I prepared coffee, I sat down, I had breakfas, etc. Can make you feel like you're doing a lot, because you are! For us neurodivergent people things work different and the only standard we should hold ourselves up to is ourselves! Being able to accomplish what we want to do for the day is enough and even if we don't, there's always tomorrow!
how long were you on for each meds? im currently trying out some too and idk how long i should wait before i can deem it not working
As an adult male in his mid-thirties who still has ADHD, I have subscribed because you are funny. I had to use Concerta then Generic Concerta, gave me physical tourettes which I eventually got over...mostly. They come around in various forms when I am either exhausted or bored.
Strattera has been a gods send for me. I need to go up a tier on my dosage cause I'm starting to get scattered again but it *works* when I'm dosed properly and it works *perfectly* which is a shock  Caffeine actually keeps you awake, who *knew*. I used caffeine to fall asleep and fixing that habit is wildling me out sometimes lol
This is so relatable. One time my meds kicked in while I was picking at my split ends - ended up spending over 4 hours cutting my split ends into the trash after that😬
I like Concerta It's gentler than vivance I had bad side effects w vivance
Jesse. We need to cook aderall
Oh god hes discovered the polish cow
My sister has a much more extreme version of ADHD than myself, I think I probably don't have it but I do have a lot of trouble doing one thing. I always have to multi-task but I'm still able to focus on multiple tasks at once and retain the information from them. BUT, my sister had it really really bad, still does. The first medication they gave her when she was 10, turned her into a different person, a complete zombie she was basically impossible to get to. It's like she went from having 100000% energy to -100%, so she stopped taking that within like a month and then didn't start taking a medication again until she was 23.   This one was Adderall, and I gotta say i'm so glad she doesn't take it anymore because keeping up with her is SUCH a chore. Now she takes something else and she's still a bit all over the place but at least she's able to function. I will say, I think her problem with Adderall was actually from Stress and Caffiene, like, waaayyyy to much caffiene.   Moral of the story is, keep trying until it works, everyone bodies are different and while the US System for medications is completely trash though.
I also medicate my ADHD
once again, i cannot thank you enough for being so honest with this topic. obviously you didn't do it for me, or anyone in particular really, but you didn't just go ahead and regurgitate someone else' ideas or experiences, or some idealized version of your experience, or even just what people might want to hear you say. you gave a genuinely unique and informative recounting of your true to life, undramatized experiences, without the agendas that so often fuel much of the dialogue surrounding mental health. honestly, despite having been on adderall for ages now, hearing your story has made me consider things from a new perspective which is so incredibly refreshing in comparison to the generally cyclical or stagnating feeling that can come from trying to get treatment. i know i might be putting too much stock in an adhd video from the silly cartoon man, but it's like breaking through the surface of the metaphorical water and getting a big ol' lungful of that sweet sweet fresh air to see such a massive creator be so genuine and vulnerable for all the world to see. makes it seem a little less scary for the rest of us folks still figuring this all out. never change, andy ❤
I used to be on Adderall and one night when I was 6, I had an adverse reaction to it and had hallucinations about spiders attacking me and my mom. We got switched to Concerta and it worked for a while until it didn't. We kept upping the dose until I was maxed, and it still didn't do anything. Additionally, it was making me sick. I was paranoid and anxious all the time, I'd never eat at all, and I never talked to anyone, so I never had friends besides my close ones. At 16 in 10th grade, I decided to take control of my life and figure out how to manage my ADHD without medication. It was hard and difficult, but I made it. I still failed out of high school, but more years of discipline and hard work, I managed to get my GED and managed to buy a house with my wife that I met in high school after getting off my meds and becoming social again. I still struggle daily like my dishes are always dirty and I can only catch up on a day of hyperfixation during the weekend and i have at least 30 unfinished pieces of artwork that I can't find time to finish and so on but at least I know the most important things are done. But that's my experience and it's definitely a hard and arduous journey. Find what works for you because what works for me won't for someone else. I'd also like to thank my wife for being so supportive of me and helping me through my struggle to achieve what I once thought impossible.
I have so much things to do, ended up watching a 8 minutes video...
Thank you for filling my day with joy ICS. I just broke up with my girlfriend and i already regret it, i messed up with it and i hate myself. But your videos always bring me joy even in my darkest times. especially right now. Thank you for your videos and sharing these things with people like me. It means a lot. Thanks buddy <3
Hey, ADHD here. I have been on and off ADHD meds for my entire life. Early on I have no clue what it was I was taking but I know Vyvance was in there somewhere. Im off meds now, the last med i had was Vyvance again and it just drained me of my ability to move because of how strong it was.  Moral of the story: Every person has a different bodily reaction to medication
I thought I had ADHD. Turns out, I just needed to sleep more lol.
I take ADHD meds too 😁
This video just made me deeply sigh in understanding. Alas, I was given concerta once, and I was able to function, it was during a period of school when i was trying to get my GED, and then my doctor stopped giving me them, and completely refuses to give me any kind of stimulant or non-stimulant medication now. So, yeah, i haven't been back to school in a year or so and I am severely depressed. Life's great.
Concerta gang
Bro hopped out with the classic thank u for reminding me of this legendary meme
I also took vyvanse and i abruptly stopped taking them after i was on like 70mg (give or take this was 4 years ago) and i developed this lovely little thing called ✨️hypothyroidism ✨️ and now i need to take ✨️more meds✨️ and i gained like 120 pounds very rapidly (170lbs-290lbs in what felt like 3 or so months) .  So yeah, don't stop taking your meds without talkin to ya doctor
Through all that, I'm glad you released a video
The Vyvanse thing is like SUUUPPER relatable But I never considered them to be related as I irregularly take my meds You are now making me think that the stuff not warned as side affects of Vyvanse that I've been experiencing might actually be adverse reactions to the meds Also Vyvanse is also just like meth so you weren't really getting off the meth train, just on a different one
Ah but you see getting a prescription is extremely rare by itself
Heyo! I really related to this video. I also had similar experiences with ADHD meds. I took one type of med for awhile and it didn't do barely anything. Then I took another type and I had a very similar experience to the one you had with Vyvanse.  getting overly focused on the wrong things to the point of being obsessive, I had weird issues with breathing or just feeling "off", and it generally increased the symptoms of the other things I have in addition to ADHD (anxiety and OCD). It ended up peaking with a very bad bought of the difficulty with breathing + my increased anxiety causing me to hyperventilate, which was very scary. I contacted the doctor's office the same day and I was able to come off of medication after that.  Now I'm on anxiety medication and that has helped me a lot. I still have issues with focus and stuff but I'm able to handle it more effectively.  Obviously everyone is different and I have a bunch of comorbidities that create an interesting combo, I just related to your story :D I wish everyone the best in your lives, no matter what you are going through rn :>
Any medication prescribed for your brain doesn't do the work for you like a pain medication or a heart medication. Rather it allows your brain to relax quiet down the things that you're struggling with so you can focus. The issues will still come back, which is why Therapy is the only thing that can actually work when on "brain meds" (using the term loosely). It will allow you to build strategies and work through tougher emotions to better process them. It may take a while but eventually many people are able to get off their ADHD meds or their anti-depressant/anti-anxiety meds with the help of therapy, because they learned how to take the drivers seat
I  have adhd nd it’s living hell I feel you
Sorry you had to go through that. Dealing with OCD myself. I took an SSRI and it sent me into a manic state. Found out years later that it's probably because I'm also bipolar (it's in my doctor's notes, but I don't think I'm formally diagnosed since I quit going to therapy before we came to a conclusion). If you're bipolar and take SSRIs then apparently it can send you into a manic state (I'm not a doctor. Ask them, not me). Anyway, years earlier while I was still taking the meds, the psychiatrist I was seeing wanted to up the dosage, so I also quit cold turkey (Like you mentioned, don't do this. Ask your doctor about your medication). Felt a lot of relief after I quit, but also back at square one with a lot less trust in mental health care 🥳
if you still want to possibly find a medication that works well i have ADHD as well and the best one that i have known and found that Methylphenidate is the best and works only one major side effect that lasts for a bit but you get used too and that is you lose your appetite but after a while of taking it that side affect goes away and your only left with benefits also the first time or two you take it your body is not used too it and you may experience smaller side effects like a head ache but those go away after the third or 4th time for me at least so if you still want to possibly do something try asking about Methylphenidate have a great day or night or whatever it is where you are right now
I have ADHD too
i have adhd too and have been on meds since 7th grade (im in 11th) and have tried both vyvanse and adderall and guess what it's done?ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!!!!
th don't forget to unsubscribe reminded me i wasn't subscribed n i lost it lol
1:28 same bro
Polish dancing cow inbound
vivance made me not eat anything and im already skinny, so i dropped that shit after just a week. switched to weed since then. calms my brain down and makes it easier to stick to one topic. and plus side, the munchies help me eat :D
What I take for my ADHD is conserta, it has a lot of leeway on the dosage, and helps a lot with focus, and general tasks. It does however decrease you apatite at higher doses, and if taken to late can make you have a hard time sleeping.
yes yes adhd, but polish cow
I'm on Vyvanse and my goodness it's a love-hate relationship 🥲
I have to repeat this video for 4-5 times bcs of my friend next to me is talking on the phone on loudspeaker. Is that a sign?
this is so true— mine overlaps with Aspergers -.-
On the one hand I imagine you don’t need a bajililion strangers suggesting different meds to u. On the other hand, have u looked into focalyn? It works rlly well for me, basically no adverse side effects at my dosage
watch the dancing polish cow with english subtitles
I take concerta and risperdal, it works for me, i also have Dysexecutive syndrome
HESSSS BACCKKK!!!!! THE ONE AND ONLY IS BACK!!!!! LETS FRICKIN GOO BOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
*C o w .*
I once wrote a 3 page essay in 1 hour with Vyvanse, took much think sometimes, it was nice to have done but it felt.. wrong, if that makes sense?
I also have ADHD and have to take vyvance
Seeing this video was such a relief honestly. I had never heard or seen anyone have to go thru several adhd meds before! And I know you may not see this, but it made my day. I don't feel quite so alone in this struggle anymore. Thank you.
Bro, I've been on medication since I was six. It's a struggle to function all the time. It's kinda like you have no mojo, or it's the other way around where you have too much energy and you end up doing everything but the task or bothering people. I've jumped from one medication to another, but finally stuck with one. Sometimes you have to find the right one out of the a lot. Btw i'm doing this instead of my homework so :)
just like me fr
get tested though self diagnoses is not the way to go
**if you don't like stimulants** please try Strattera!! It takes a long time bc it's not a stimulant but once it got in my system it works so well
Having ADHD is being simultaneously bored, and never bored 24/7
I'm literally procrastinating the thing I want to do but my brain is saying no
I saved myself from meds
concerta works for me
Meditation helps me
ADHD is not watching this video but watching the Polish dancing cow video
I’ve had ADHD my entire life ( school was hard lol )
I was going to type something when this vid came out, but I got distracted
my Adhd Brain never was on meds cuz they bad and CAN be very addictive. thats what my parents and other adhd people in my proximity told me. and its stuck in my head. And now im smoking that pot pack hell yeah!?
I think it’s funny he didn’t realize that he spent so long actually FOCUSING on his ADHD.
i feel wayy more happy without meds try it?
Got kicked of of vivance for weight problems
Becuase of my small screen you are “ice cream sand…”
I have so many symptoms of ADHD bro I honestly think I have it
I zoned out what happened
7:02 holy shit this is me. I take vyvance and I have headaches and sleep is difficult. I also take 50 mgs…yeah I have a problem.
I have to take the meds 😢 every morning and the coating around it taste horrendous 😭
There is non stimulants and stimulant, as someone who recently got medication I don't respond well to stimulants(headaches, stomachache's and I was losing wait because no appetite) I switched to non stimulants and it helps me with the hyperactivity part which is the worst for me so you should try both
I’m in this video and I don’t like it
As a man with ADHD, who takes pills to help counteract it, I can confirm this is how it feels
I would have expected that Vyvanse would have not made you hungry, since I take it as well and I don't ever feel hungry until dinner
I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. I'm being put on meds. I feel your struggle man.
Used to be on ADHD meds and I turned into a pencil
Nothing like watching a video about ADHD to remind yourself you should be cleaning your house
ADHD has it up and downs but it is fine to live with . I have had it for a long time
No meds just me and my thoughts.    And also the random times my brain scares me when I try to sleep and wakes me up. Like getting hit by a car Even though you didn't.
I'm on Straterra It helps me focus for the most part, but it makes me drowsy at odd times and I don't always sleep well. Plus I got to keep an eye on my liver and drink a lot of water. Low dose is 10 I think and it's a none-narcartic. But it works for me. With meds it just depends on you and your body's reaction. No ADHDer is the same you may need a non stimulant on low dose to keep you productive and focused enough. Also be mindful that you have to keep meds in your system for more than two weeks and keep an eye on extreme side effects like pain in chest/abdominal and unusual/ dangerous thoughts.  Also with Meds they aren't going to completely erase your ADHD symptoms. They help you manage the symptoms so best to find one you can function with.
For me concerta has been working wonders! I don't like ADHD and i'm sorry fir anyone who has to deal with it.
Oh hey I also just stopped taking the 2nd ADHD medication that I've tried!  Though I stopped bc of bad physical side effects.  (My body's too weak and I probably have some sort of undiscovered condition or smth causing a lot of the health issues that the meds only exacerbated.)
The only commercials I like watching are you Icecream Sandwich
And I take adderall
Vyvanse is also almost meth
I personally love my ADHD
If y’all want to know more about ADHD medication watch “How to ADHD” video about it. She presents it informatively and very well
My parents told me when I started on meds as a kid that it was NOT a cure all and was just a tool, and I'd still have to work hard, and I'm grateful that they drilled that into me so I'd have realistic expectations.  Adderall was the only thing that helped me and is the only thing that still does. Vyvanse made me a zombie and Strattera did nothing. Adderall did give me mild palpitations though
The only med i’ve been on so far is vyvanse and it worked crazy good at the beginning and then just like…. Stopped, i had my dose increased 3 times and nothing changed, the only thing it allowed me to do was sleep normally and i don’t think I’ve taken them at all this year lmao
Me sitting down here watching this while trying to get addicted to Pepsi after previously taking a break from it and trying to understand what I’m listening to
You know I was supposed make breakfast but I got adhd sooooo i watched this video instead and now I’m hungry
I often don't take my Vyvanse on days where I plan to do literally nothing. Usually just kind vibe around the house to relax. Its actually an appropriate part of the treatment regimen in some contexts, where its called a "drug holiday" as a means of preventing tolerance and minimizing growth impact in pediatrics.
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO FOR FOREVER!
Unsubscribe? Well, if you say so.
Ritalin was able to help me bc I finally able to *ignore* things. It was super helpful sometimes but I had to take it on an as-needed basis... which was hard bc I hadn't taken my meds yet. So I tried something that I could take more regularly. I'm still trying to see if that works now. Also the Ritalin made me feel like I was running even when I was sitting down.
unsubscribed, thank you for reminding me mr ice cream sandwich
vyvanse sounds like heaven… is there a specific medication for inattentive/hyperactive adhd (what i have)? honestly im surprised im making it through school 😂
i used Adderall and believe i still cus   AD HEY DONUTS O ADHD
Hey ice, i have been taking adderall since senior year of highschool, honestly i find that its the best one u just have to get over the lump of “only doing and not thinking” best way i found was to just change my mindset about work, doing something cause u have to almost immediately makes  it a chores, i have to think about work as an activity you want to do since by thinking this way your brain almost immediately stops trying to get from a to b and instead starts just trying to understand what it is u want to do. Its weird to explain and DR.K from healthy gamer those a much better job breaking down why our adhd brains have a tendency to go on tangents about everything
I like my adhd, i feel like its part of what makes me me
I have ADHD, when I don’t take my meds I just can’t focus on anything. I would suggest talking to your psych about Methylphenidate, it’s not the illegal drug, it’s an ADHD medication. A PRESCRIPTION medication. It helps me focus, but the only thing that stops it from working is eating food (school lunch, milk carton, etc)
:D
*unsubs because they told me to*
I have had you exact experience with both vyvanse and adderall, but it took me many many years to acknowledge the terrible side effects it was causing, because I needed it so desperately to do my school work. Vyvanse made me horribly nauseous, insominiac, and weak, and gave me heart palpitations and anxiety, but I was overweight and just blamed my eating habits for it, until I went off my meds for the summer one time, and my symptoms completely vanished. Unfortunately, I really do need meds to function, but I am now taking this weird liquid form of amphetamine called Dyanaval, that’s a much lower dose, and seems to be affecting me much less negatively, while still having a noticeable improvement in my concentration and focus. It’s usually used for kids who are just starting adhd meds, but it is working great for me, so I plan to keep taking it.
I have adhd and I take med so my suggestion would be to take foclain it might feel a bit odd but it will work
I think you might have a very mild symptoms of yes
This video is ironic because I am watching this video on my TV while playing mobile games
Vyvanse is just ✨️diet meth✨️ and it helps me do school things :>
Saying Adderall is like taking meyh is a very harmful thing to say. It is related in chemical structure, but at the right dose, taken by a person with ADHD and supervised by a psychiatrist is a great tool. There is nothing wrong in taking Adderall if you need it, saying it is like meth can detour people from getting the help they need
Vyvanse made we feel like that too. And adderall stopped taking meds and I just try to do my best everyday
Adderall worked for me also for focusing, but the downsides were way too heavy ("anti-"appetite despite hunger, absolutely no will to do anything after the effect wore off and something close to depression). So I stopped taking them which worked fine for multiple years. Just now back in work I see that maybe they weren't all that bad. That being said, it's a fucking godsent if the "4 people talking at the same time" are silent for once, when it matters and you don't start giggling about a joke you saw on TV the last days during an exam.
it's extremely poignant that the "polish cow song" is actually about coke addiction
I remember starting Adderall, it hit like a damn TRUCK and I felt almost "highish" because of how strong it is. I was on fucking 70mg of that shit and I realized how it was so instant it was and unhelpful it was. Then I tried Vyvanse and I struggled with eating, breathing, sleeping, being always tired, etc. it was so horrid and I couldn't do it after like 70mg AGAIN. Luckily, I'm on concerta now, and I have to say it's meh. It's not ungodly strong and it's not giving me such bad symptoms, but having to split the dosage is such a pain and I have ADHD so I litterally forget to take it. Medication definitely doesn't fix everything, and if it feels bad DON'T TAKE IT AND STOP TAKING IT. I have to say, ADHD is so freaking exhausting because the meds I've had aren't making me "normal" and I feel as if I'm being crushed.  TL;DR BE careful when taking ADHD meds, stop taking them if you feel sick, and experiment with different ones because some are fucking trucks like Adderal and some AR slow burns like Concerta.
guh
I suffered my entire life, I get it. But ai found thag if I started the task I found myself enjoying due to how i set myself up so far
For me I get super productive but it obliterates my creativity. I'll sit down to draw and just stare at the paper for hours.
I have ADHD and you can't stop me, I'm subscribing
Doctors be like: oh, you have ADHD? Whould you like doing meth about it?
I had fucking Vyvanse for nearly 10 years of my life, and towards the last 2 years it was literally the worst feeling of my life. I'm better off now with my ADHD running wild than any meds, mostly because the Vyvanse nearly killed me!
I think this is super funny because as he's talking about tasks and forgetting about them i paused the video and forgot about the video until 4 hours later
hesugnsfbdsjawdjkadhsaaggagaugfmaagtysnnbafgradhdafhvdskjwAadkjhsjkfhkDhkjshwweurhjeuwmenshuwasthHjdshajwnfbamahDdjasffwe
ok but why did i get into the polish cow song and now this vid is in my recommended
My ADD is so bad that even though you nailed the computer shut, I left your video, went and watched polish cow, and came back
I took Concerta, Vyvanse, and Stratera. I wasn't really old enough to know the difference between them all. But... my body got used to them all at one point or another. Except for Vyvanse, which I took in High School. That... was an experience. It kicked my resting heart rate up to where an active one should have been. I'm pretty sure. same story as in the video. Doctors didn't know what was going on. I stopped taking it. And what do you know? my heart rate dropped into normal specs. I don't really take anything now. Haven't for several years. And I don't plan on going back on them. I don't trust them anymore.
This is so trippy I was watching that polish song just before this
I really need medicine for my ADHD, i hate myself because of it...
I'm 16 and undiagnosed but just because it's obvious and there's no reason to pay 5 trillion dollars just to get diagnosed. This symptoms are so true omg. I don't use medication since its generally not great for your immune system, but I'm doing my best. Thanks for raising awareness!
ok now i really think i have adhd, your unmedicated days sound exactly like mine. i'm also pretty sure i have autism too tho, so idk if it's one or the other... or both. i just moved back to the states, so i think i'll be able to try to get some kind of diagnosis now that i actually have access to a healthcare system where i can speak the language, even if it's basically a dystopian nightmare most of the time
medication alone will not help. you need to take medication in conjunction with behavioral therapy to see the best results. basically, you need to learn good habits so that youre able to then maintain those good habits though the use of medication. also, you should be learning how to manage things without medication as well.
The worst part about adhd for me was seeing everyone else in my class understanding the work and doing it so easily but for some reason I just couldn’t. That thought messed me up for a while but I’ve learned to accept it and started getting better with focusing and doing my work most of the time. I still get distracted very easily and little things even as small as the lights being too bright can throw me off my flow of work. The worst thing you can do with adhd is let it control you. There are some days where it’s easier to get into the flow of work and there are some where you have to really force yourself to focus but as long as you keep fighting it you’ll get through it. It took me until the last semester of my senior year of Highschool to figure out how to manage my work with medication but once you figure out how to work with it rather than expect it to do the work for you everything becomes 10x easier.
ohoho Vivance did some not very nice things to me
Oh my god. I KNOW THE FEELING SO WELL! glad I am not the only one who goes through these
what was that cow music
Wondering If anyone else is having trouble finding ADHD meds, I've been taking them for 12 years and all of the sudden I can't find it ANYWHERE it just wasn't in any of the pharmacies around us (up to 4 hours away) and I just can't find it. It's been like this for about 5 months. I talked to my therapist /doctor (not sure what I should call them) and my parent wanted to discuss different meds that the pharmacies might have while the med student took my blood pressure and I'm not sure what happened after that although we still can't find it. I'm not 18 just yet so I'm not sure about what's happening    Just want to know if anyone else is expirencing the problem of not being able to get meds
Guh
Yea sometimes adhd med symptoms can be weird, I for some reason got a Tourettes kind of thing
I was never forced to have medication but I seemed to not really need them as my grades are good. Grant it that they are below grade level but that’s kinda why I was below grade level cause my brain don’t focus
Try strattera its slow burn medication that takes awhile to kick on aka you have to be takeing it for a week but it has like no negative side effects at all
I take Vyvanse and I never had problems with it. It's when I don't take it that it becomes a problem. I become lazy, can't focus on anything, i get sleepy and hungry
It's a good idea to set a schedule for yourself and try to stick to it. Even if you find you are having a tough time accomplishing goals, you can always come back to them. I used to be on Concerta, but nowadays I am not on any medication and fortunately I find my work and homelife to be fun and exciting enough so that I am never bored of it and I can be just as engaged in life as I would be on something like youtube scrolling. Unfortunately I am terrible at finishing certain tasks. Don't give up, you got this!
as someone who has been taking Vyvanse for awhile it sounds like you could of been on too high of a dosage. that's probably not the case if you have a competent physician though so id recommend not taking it every day, I rarely take Vyvanse on the weekends, I think this refractory period could help negate the side affects of taking Vyvanse over long periods. also while Vyvanse is really good at helping you focus on tasks its also can be detrimental to things like apatite and being able to sleep, so make sure you take it after eating but not too late that it would carry on past your bedtime. what I've found to help with redirecting focus is before doing a task I don't want to do or aren't currently focused on is setting a reward for completing the task or a part of the task as motivation and cheap dopamine to bribe my brain with, only problem is if you then get to focused on the reward. usually even if I'm doing something I don't want to do if I can stay on task for long enough I start to reel in focus from whatever was taking up the brain. honestly though doing drugs is a sort of skill, you eventually grow more and more tolerant too them and start to find equilibrium between the mind and the medication, both naturally and through learning techniques to help effectively use them. stay in school, don't do drugs, unless you need drugs to stay in school.
Andy last vid, “the next vid is gonna be more serious” this video: starts with a dancing cow
I have unsubscribed <3
Every time I deny my potential adhd, YouTube reminds me I'm textbook adhd. This video called me the fuck out
I’ve been off meds now for years and the substitute for meds is 1 cup of coffee in the morning, the introduction of a checklist to my day/week and and overall better understanding of my personal ability to complete tasks.
Let’s just appreciate the talent that cow has.
3:19 me at 2am 0:01 me at literally any other time of day
✨ wow ✨ you're a dude 😑
i first tried adderal and it made me not hungry and I got more underweight, I thought it was helping then eventually it kind of stopped, I switched to ritalin then it was making me not hungry and depressed every day so i stopped and currently dont take anything
i’m going to start taking meds soon so this was unexpectedly… informative! thank you!
Adderall changed my life !! 😂 Sad that I started medication as late as 25, but I lucked out that adderall-salt combo was my first try and its a perfect fit for me ! I have combined ADHD, so i'm either utterly exhausted (or occasionally ready to blast off) while simultaneously either hyperfocused/hyperfixated or just mentally not present enough 😬 Adderall fixed the energy issue SO well, that while its active, its like my body can keep up with my brain (my heavy preference to a butt load of caffeine to make me awake should've indicated that in highschool 😬) and I can work my job and do shit like chores without it all being so exhausting and boring. I did discover though that I ended up with the loss-of-appetite  side-effect 😬 and that IT LITERALLY CHANGED MY PERSPECTIVE OF TIME AND SPACE. No joke, I noticed I had to ACTUALLY RE-TEACH MYSELF HOW TO DRIVE on the FRIST DAY I started the meds 😅.  But after getting a feel for difference between on & off meds driving, I know what to expect now, but I also noticed that I started perceiving time properly !! 😂  Time feels like it passes the way its supposed to instead of waaay too fast and slipping by me like usual !  I really wish I got diagnosed as a kid, a part of me thinks academics could've at least been less hard & that I might've had a better chance at the things I wanted to do 🥲
I feel the pain
I must move at least one part of my body or I WILL DIE
tylko jedno w glowie mam koksu piec gram odliciec sam w kraine zapomnenia
Try dextroamphetamine, I had similar issues and that works for me
Im gonna buy your plushie tomorrow night  😁
I'm currently taking strattera for ad-hd and it works I can focus on what I need too, but don't get pulled into like, super focus mode
3:20 👁👁
90% sure I have adhd but every time I bring it up I’m told any type of treatment would be ineffective n I’ve been moderately surviving so I’m unsure what to do
I have combined ADHD and I have never been on medication. I was so curious when I saw this video.
My ADHD meds (60mg Vyvanse) not only keeps me focused on productive tasks, it oddly makes me more motivated to do them as well. If I forget my meds before class I don't even try to focus, as by then it's just a lost cause. Taking medication not only keeps me focused, but assists in "sparking" an interest in whatever I'm doing. It's an odd feeling.
I lost it when it cut to him staring angrily at a paper while discordant trumpets played from within his head.
I have ADHD but I’ve been taking Clonidine since I was a kid. It’s the only way that I can ever fall asleep because otherwise my brain is like 1:02 til 4am. Only problem is I still have many of the symptoms you talked about. You described it perfectly, especially with the animations. But yeah, I can hardly focus on drawing or music despite my passion for them, let alone homework. In a way I’m tempted to try some of the meds mentioned here but I can’t help but be a little worried that the same stuff could happen to me.
I take amephitimine for my adhd
very nice video
I used concerts at first and it worked well for a while but then it ended up making me overwhelmed all the time.
I love polish dancing cow’s message it’s so inspiring!
I have adhd and took Vyvanse when I grew tolerant to adderal - I had the same experience but instead of getting sick at the end, I got vertigo and would deadass stop eating for days. Wacky.
Haha mine make me depressed
My best friend has ADHD and last year tried out medication, and he started acting very strange while on meds, he got super touchy, couldn’t hold a conversation, and kind of starting to get a little twitchy. All witch he had never done before, so I asked him to stop taking them. And when he finally listened and stopped he snapped out of this weird dream state that he was in while on meds, and realized what he had been doing.   And to be honest, if I didn’t stop him, I’m pretty sure that would have lasted for a lot longer. He is so much better without all that drug shit in his body, and I’m glad that I did stop him because I’m not sure if could have delt with him, acting like a weirdo, for to much longer.   It made him act as a completely different person, and that just not what the meds were supposed to do.   So yea, I’d suggest just dealing with it for now and really think before trying meds ever again.   Anyway that it, bye.
I started w/ vyvanse. It felt really miraculous at first. Now... I think it mostly helps w/ my mood regulation. Which is still great! but it doesn't seem to be helping with the "doing things" or the "stay focused" stuff as much if at all now... We tried upping the dose awhile back but it didn't seem to help at all, besides maybe increase my heartrate and possibly my anxiety, so we went back down in dose... and so yeah, I feel like aside from my mood being better (which DOES help, anxiety and depression are NOT helpful for executive functioning) I also feel like I'm back at square one.   I'm at least not having an adverse reaction, and I think it actually helps my energy levels--I don't have quite as major "booms" and "busts" in energy level throughout the day (i.e., WOW I'm ANXIOUS a/o HYPERACTIVE and then OH NOW I GOTTA NAP FOR 3 HOURS) ... but the "primary" symptoms associated w/ ADHD around executive functioning/task transitioning/focusing all seem to be pretty much back to how they were. I'm too worried about trying new meds middle of a semester though.
drug.
Legit took the same pills before, I hated Vyvanse cause of that feeling I get all the time. I took it for nearly all my life so, that gross out of breath feeling from elementary to high school graduation. Hated that crap, I'm off it now. Adderall did nothing for me, so I just quit that one real quick. Oh yeah, Vyvanse also does terrible things with depression, like I was an emotionless zombie, not making this up its sooo bad. I really do suggest not to take vyvanse.
I got permanent damage from my medication against adhd
there were so many such accurate depiction of adhd behaviour love it!
I take Concerta(meth) and it’s great. I also pair it with Intuniv
Hi if anybody would like to share their adhd experiences I had a project a single paragraph with the race/races strategy it was graded but I finished at the literal moment my teacher said it was due and a few minutes before she told me I had 40 minutes to get it all done and I should have been done by now but my brain was in a whole different place
I take Ritalin it's light but yea
Tbh my main problem thats solved by my generic adderall is getting out of that loop you mentioned. I have a real problem with not being able to start tasks, and it helps. My focus has never really been an issue for me thank goodness.
In my experience, ADHD medicene can help but also be horrible. In school I can listen, I can focus on listening, but I'd also be zoned out, staring at the floor until I snap myself out of it. but otherwise I can focus better. just not on anything specific, I'll just focus on what I want to do in that moment, such as play a game.   this is only my experience, could be different for all
Meds for adhd are pice of shit u can try rly low dosage of LSD is magic shrooms and are different and no addictive like meds of adhd -__- I am not talking u to take team just make a research about them and adhd and consider this option
Adderall is epic cuz it just Meth
my parents, friends, and a bunch of relatives think i might have adhd and they still wont go get me diagnosed so i cant get proper help for the issues i have with focusing on things i am doing like drawings, homework, other things like that . </333 oh and the random rants
The polish cow Lyrics translate to taking drugs, depression and suicidal thoughts.
I take concerta, for me all it really does is make me have less random bullshit going on in my head. t doesnt make me a normal person, but it makes it easier for me to pretend to be one!
With ADHD like myself I can really relate to this
Personally I’d rather train my brain to function with ADHD than take medication and still have to train it to function anyway but questionably easier.
I think ADHD is why I'm more creative than other people, and also why I don't take the time to do creative things.
Though pills help incredibly with focus, you still need to learn to control where to put that focus. It takes great effort and sometimes discipline, but it gets easier as you do it more
I played a game on my phone while watching this
I had to stop taking Vyvanse for similar reasons, it felt like my ribcage was constricted and I couldn't breathe in fully. Sucks because it was otherwise working really well for my ADHD.
You can use nordVPN on dimensions! (I have ADHD and autism btw and I’m on Ritalin)
MEDICATION IS NOT THE ANSWER, as someone with ACTUAL ADHD, not just a kid with parents who did everything for them, i hate watching things like this.
I stopped taking meds after high school because I got sick of feeling like such a zombie every day, also because of cost. I felt guilty for being an “expensive” child due to my $300 medication. Years later, I acknowledge that maybe I was just put on too high a dose and it may help me now to re-examine, because I really do still struggle every day to compensate. I don’t, though, because of cost. Our healthcare system is fucking evil to make the thing we need to function so inaccessible.
I struggled a lot in school because of adhd but it's not like my brain was broken or doomed to be non functional. I just struggled way more with the things that were already bad about it. Can't speak for everyone but i feel like the solution should be to make the education system not terrible rather than giving kids meth to try and force them through it anyway
u only tried 2 so far? keep trying! i hope u find what u need
So, you stopped Adderall because it was like meth, but started taking lisdexAMFETAMINE.
I swear if I hear another video say that taking adderall is basically like taking meth I’m gonna lose it. This conflation of adderall and meth has been used to shame people with ADHD for taking it and say that adderall is overall bad because it’s chemically similar to meth. There was a joke my high school chemistry teacher told us, a man walks into a bar and orders H2O and the man next to him says “I’ll have H2O too”. Later that second man dies because he was given H2O2, hydrogen peroxide, and drank so much it killed him. Just because adderall and meth are chemically similar doesn’t mean they are the same, they work in different ways on different people. Adderall is one of the most well know adhd meds that gets abused by people without adhd, which means it gets the most blame when it’s reported on as some college kids these days are abusing stimulants. Adderall works differently for people without adhd because it wasn’t designed for them, so for them it could feel similar to taking meth and could be addictive. When used by people who actually have adhd, it rarely is addictive. I have been taking adderall since I was diagnosed at 7 years old because they were about to hold me back in first grade, my ADHD was the that bad unmediated. Adderall helped me significantly improve and show that I didn’t need to be held back and was actually understanding the material and was really smart, just unfocused. It’s been 11 years of taking adderall and only within the past two years of starting to manage the taking of my own meds have I started to get in the habit of not forgetting to take them. I still often forget to take them when I don’t have anything planned for that day or   I am getting ready so fast that I forget. I often forget to take it because it’s not addictive for me but just it helps me focus. Adderall has been around for decades and was one of the early adhd meds invented, which means it has had lots of time to improve and is safe and not addictive for many ADHDers to take, unlike meth. So no, it’s not like basically taking meth, they may be chemically similar but the things that are important like how safe or possibly addictive it is are very different.
I agree!
I'm glad that I've gotten acknowledged and getting treatment at a young age, I started with Ritalin 20mg. First day was REALLY weird and uncomfortable, really stressful side effects. Even after I got used to it, I still didn't get any positive effects?? Now I've switched to smth similar but with 30mg, I still feel incredibly restless, and like you said, feels like I've been jogging! And I STILL can't concentrate and I'm feeling almost MORE irritated than before when the things I need to do doesn't go my way.. WHY ISN'T IT WORKING?? 😭
I started taking Vyvanse last year and it greatly helped, I can focus better on my classes and it also improved my mood quite a lot (like i’m less grumpy and I smile more, mostly noticed by my family). However now I take it everyday because if I don’t I’ll either be really tired (like i become a zombie) or I’m unproductive and grumpy/snappy, but I don’t mind cause honestly I feel more alive now and going back to before when I forget to take my pill is just, not a great experience emotionally
i use mythylphenidate
Yeaa i get bored quickly and if idle both physically and mentally i feel depressed it's usually in the  evening when the time is more to gather your energies which is my working hour because then  Im not as hyper anymore. Ive taken adderall, vyvanse, straterra, CBD, THC extract and anxiety meds and to tell you the truth just don't expect meds to help you kinda need to put mental effort to focus  as in self discipline. That got me into CBT and stoic philosophy and it helps but in the end it's  a combination of things that help habits, organization, practices, seeing things physically and A LOT of timing myself with a timer. It takes discipline and it's helpful when you have people that support you and help you reinforce these practices for you to be successful. As of now Im 26 and I feel like the magnitude of the symptoms have become less. Don't give up and remember you're amazing.
4:54 by meth he means methylphenidate, another common adhd med
I love the dancing cow song
Nordvpn? Really?
I got beat because of adhd
i take vyvanse and one time i organized and cleaned out my closet for like 5 hours lmfao. but adderall made me feel insane
didnt expect the first seconds of the video being polish words aspecialy here, on an english channel and it feels even more weird because i showed this vow video to my mom before i even saw this one
Guy who just wanted to watch cow dancing: ☹️
I don’t have adhd but I do use medication and I don’t know we’re the medication comes from as in I don’t buy it but I’m like 20 and my dad still buys it for me….is that bad?
Funny enough my doctors are refusing to give me my medication I need to function because.. I dont know. Apperently I can function without. I can not.
I haven't had med for a week  and it socks cause I'm in honors classes 😭
I have adhd too! It's kinda weird and when I try to stay still I cant.....yay
as a youtuber with ADHD, can confirm that this is relatable.
I like how I barely payed attention to the video about ADHD.
Welcome to our world. I’m on vyvance.
I was diagnosed with ADHD super early on and they tried medication with me, but it just made me really depressed. My advice for you is to review your coping mechanisms. You've likely developed a lot of them, but you should do more research into the exact symptoms of ADHD (doctor's won't tell you the important ones like executive dysfunction) and how to cope with them, and when you inevitably come across days when brain refuses anyway or you know you need a ton of productivity, then take meds on those specific days. Seriously treat it as a last resort, though; a super power you shouldn't use unless you have to or it'll lose effectiveness. I highly recommend dropping caffeine and using it as said super power unless you have a really high base tolerance. Edit: On a side note, are you sure it's ADHD and not autism? They're actually very similar and people often get diagnosed with both, but that's not always accurate. I recommend looking into it a bit.
ice cream sandwich, why not just play music to help you focus???
bro- ur vids acc make me laugh sm and make me so happyy :D
Not me watching this while I was supposed to be doing homework... I definitely wasn't on YouTube for music for my homework....
I took Retalin for years and all it did was give me massive headaches every day and a livelong brain damage. Turned out later I had Asperger all the time and after quitting all the drugs and just be my true self, I felt emotionally and mentaly 1000 times better than with anything the pharma industry can spit out.
ADHD it's hard to control
😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
The timing of this video is kinda eerie. I just had my second appointment about ADHD meds yesterday. 🤔
I have adhd
i apriciate the cow but i had to rewatch like 5 times whenever it came up lmao
ive tryed at least 5 different types of meds for it they all had downsides or just made me feel like crap
I have experience with autism and adhd ( spoiler, it’s a bad combination ) and what I can say is 1, that it’s not too strong to th e point that the task I was doing when it hit was all I could think’bout but it isn’t too weak compared to other meds. The only I thing that I can say is EAT BEFORE YOU TAKE THE DAMNED THING! Why? Well, concerta just thanos snaps your hunger. Meaning that by the time it ends ( wich is usually from 6 or 9 hours later ) you’ll be VERY hungry. And trust me, It isn’t any good to eat like a pig after it)s effect.
vyvanse SUCKS. i take it at it decreases my appetite so i barely eat and then i feel all shakey, sick, and weak
I have inattentive ADHD (aka ADD) and my experience with it is exactly like your second medication experience. I’m still in school and I focus too much on other things going on around me and pay attention to details of the things I’m not supposed to be doing. I feel for you man. ADHD (both types) is definitely a silly little struggle lol
I go to a Catholic school, and people at that school make fun of mental disorders, but don’t know that I have ADHD. I just wanted to get that out, but I hate ADHD. It is the worst. When I’m off the meds, I feel like I could run a marathon. When I’m on the meds, I become very chill. Still working out the meds tho.
This is very interesting, ive been taking Ritalin for a month or two now because my ADHD was getting pretty sever. I couldn't remember or focus on anything, i had no energy every so i would sleep legit all day just to sleep some more. I spent so much time asleep because i was always tired. I tried caffeine but it only made me more tired. I drank espresso for the first time and it knocked me out instantly. Im on Ritalin now and i dont have to sleep all day as before and work has been great. I actually do things and feel like i can. Im not sure if i can focus as i haven't tested it with like exams and stuff, but im happy with the results for now. Im glad there are many options for all the types of effects people can be going through
the fact i took ALL of these meds and started taking them when i was like 6
Ngl, I keep replaying the song 🐄
Focalin did wonders for me. Helped me focus, made me think a little easier. But I couldn't take it on days when I had nothing to do. I was on the highest dose, but have had to switch to vivance. Going to a totally different stimulant and to its lowest dose is killing me right now.
omg IM on vyvanse. this is 100% correct. the adverse physical reaction to it is very unfortunate tho i am sorry u had to go through that
ah yes the cow dancing to a morbid song about drugs
I mite have it
idk why, but when I take my adhd meds, i feel sick, and the only way to fix this is to eat right after. I probably need to talk to my doctor about this.
YouTube didn't load sound with the video at first and I legitimately thought the opening segment was like "you can't pay attention to what the other person is saying so it's like you can't hear them"
Concerta is pretty good :)
I think i'm gonna stop taking my epilepsy medication ❤
🎶Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu pięć graaam🎶
the polish song with the cow is about cocaine and his friend dying from an overdose
Remember meds are one of many factors that can affect things. Diet, habits, the subject matter, sleep, and honestly even mindset can all affect symptoms.  Personally, I'm at the point where I recognize this but have yet to figure out how to use this knowledge.  Maybe if I make (another) list!
I’m 11 and I take adhd medication I recommend concerta XL I take 45 mg and it helps a lot it will feel weird at first but it helps so much for me and if you feel like it’s wearing off quicker then talk to your psych and ask for a higher dose by either 10mg or 5mg but it helps so much I recommend it also I’m going to New York son can you recommend me a great pizza place there I’m thinking of joes pizza from spider man but if you have any others please recommend me a good pizza place in New York thank you and have a great day good bye
I am adhd too and im always distract when im gonna eat so im diying of hunger and I dont even think about it
Translate the polish cow song and you will be traumatised
Ok but the dancing cow is so good
I can do anything at all I cant even focus on getting my breakfast ready without my mom having to remind five bajilion times
I’m gonna miss your videos but I unsubscribed:(
Always thought my friend's name was Cayleigh but it was Jawline i think i misheard it
I’ve been taking ADHD medication for years. I don’t notice the difference when I don’t forget to take them but everyone else notices😅
I used to take vivanse and it made me have crazy mood swings. Now I take Concerta and it's pretty coolio
g 👍
Interesting
Try converta. It works for me. It kind of just slows the world down and lets me decide on what I need to think about... Just... Don't take too much. That's when the world is a huge trip.
I have severe adhd
Funnily enough bialy wegorz is playing in my head 24\7 when not on meds
started taking meds, didn't feel anything for about a month, recently upped it so we waiting to see if im feeling or acting any different B) please guys i just want to read a sentence once and move on to the next
Im scared of getting diagnosed and taking meds because i dont think ill know who i am anymore…
Vyvanse helped me hyperfocus in on my homework in highschool. Kind of sucked because sometimes I'd get hyperfocused on doodling on my paper
I take vivance everyday, and a side effect of it is that it makes you not hungry, so maby you where not eating enough. Im allways hungry because if you pair school lunch with no dizire to eat. Means i never eat.
Dude you should use Concerta. When you take it you gain the ability to focus on the right thing. I would know cause I use it.
I have the same symptoms…do…do I have adhd?!
unsubsribed wait
His experience with Adderall was similar to mine, except mine only lasted 1 day and never worked again for some reason. I think my body just got used to it 🤷‍♂️
Try retain (it works of a different concept)
omg i look at my phone for 2 secs and 3 mins went by and forgot that i was watching this
I’ve always wondered what adhd feels like.
I have ADHD meds
exactly as most are saying, meds are great but you still have to train yourself to use them. You can't just hyper-fixate on anything. It takes time and effort. I'm on Vyvanse and I love it. Also, fuck America for making it impossible for poor people to get. I have health insurance, but everyone should be able to have health insurance no matter what. It's totally fucked
I have taken a bunch of different depression, anxiety, and especially ADHD meds and literally none have provided any significant help whatsoever and this has been going on for years. It is so fucking disheartening to hear “instant focus” etc stories from people who try said meds for the first time. Not at all their fault, it just makes me feel so hopeless.
I was lucky. I got diagnosed early enough that the right medication (Concerta originally, now Xaggitin) was prescribed to me, but I was also able to develop good coping strategies and ways to plan/prioritise. I am, however, now in the position where _both_ need to be in place simultaneously, otherwise the other one is just sort of useless. The first half of my undergrad suffered for that reason, but I got back on meds and it’s all sorted now!
ahh... cocaine
For me it's mostly a social thing thankfully. I'll be really impulsive in the things I say and do and can be a real asshole without my meds. When I take my meds, I'll actually be able to think before I say something.  Luckily focus is just there. Well, not always.. I still have to do something I like, but that's fine.
lol I have adhd and this reminds me of ignoring to take my pills lmao
I was taking Ritalin,  I’m in the middle of being off of it after years. All do to the shortage and moving states. In my current state I’m able to focus most the time. But other times things have become boring, people talk too slow, more easily agitated. On the flip side I’m more talkative, expressive and aware of the triggers of my ADHD. Shits wack, not going to lie. Brain strange.
Well Vyvanse is one of those meds where it's usually okay to not take unless you need them. But yeah, you should talk to your doctor before doing such a thing first
“Thank you nord vpn for sponsoring this video” 🤓
I know I'm repeating myself, but a strong and active body makes a strong and active mind. You can't think your way out of ADHD. Only physical action and working towards something you truly want. I feel like the school system makes young people feel trapped in a passive mode of being where they don't even bother to try to figure out what they want, let alone work to achieve those goals. When kids are forced to sit for hours (not move their bodies), listen to grown ups talk about stuff they don't care about, and then repeat that useless garbage, it's no wonder so many of those kids develop things like ADHD. It's the perfect recipe.  You're not dumb. You're just being taught how to live in a really dumb way that makes you feel dumb.
Haha it's me!
I once had an experience with adhd medication. Concerta I think was the drug in the pill. Let me start off by saying, I don't think I have ADHD, I wondered in the past, but I've come to learn that I'm actually really good at studying and understanding (especially when I'm learning in my own time and things that interest me like working on programming projects). THE STORY: My friend owed me money for like a year and didn't want to pay me back so he gave me a few adhd pills (concerta) and said that these are pretty hard to get so he's doing me a favour. I didn't want to take them, I thought about maybe trying to sell them to some stoner kid at our dorm. One night when I was working on a project of mine I got curious and took one pill. I shit you not I sat at my chair coding for almost 10 hours without a single break or distractions. No checking my phone, no Spotify playing in the background, just pure focus and I got so much shit done. I felt this slight buzz, I felt ultra focused. Totally forgot there was the whole world, that I need to sleep. It was just me and what I wanted to get done. The work literally felt more rewarding that relaxing. I probably don't need to say that I took the rest, once when I was studying for a BIG test and the rest to help me on my projects. It took me not even an hour to study for that test and I got a 100%. I would've needed to study for hours if I didn't take that pill. I felt worthless that without this drug I'm not using my true potential and I still kind of feel that way. I'm glad that I didn't beg my friend for more of those pills but I have to admit that the pure focus I got thanks to those pills is something I'll always desire.
yep I constantly forget names and words
When I took Vivance, it never had any real negative effects on me, but for some reason I could only listen to classical music like Lizst and Bach for the duration..
Tthat song at the beginning is no joke about c*caine addiction
I have ADHD and I will try so do maths and that one depressed thought will be like "what is the purpose of life" and I will lose focus on maths and start thinking about the purpose of life 😃
Have you tried caffeinating? I’m scared of the meds so I’ve always just done that. The coffee and stuff makes me sleepy so I slow down and actually think about what needs to be done and do it
I unfortunately forgot to unsubscribe, oh well. Maybe I’ll do it later, or I could go watch some TikTok. Or you know what? I need to grind on that game I want to complete. Oh no my phones dead, I’ll charge it when I get up to do the dishes. (And so on, and so forth)
Meditation could help if you're interested in a sober alternative :)
I have been living with ADHD for awhile, and while they're not POPULAR, I'd recommend giving a nonstimulant medication a try _alongside counseling._ It sounds like your body is NOT a fan of stimulants, and it also sounds like your meds are giving you the ABILITY to do stuff, but NOT to prioritize, which--ding ding ding, you have to _learn_ how to prioritize effectively. I stared out with Strattera/Atomoxetine, a non-stimulant 25mg capsule, and while I had mostly stomach/excretory issues in the first couple weeks and a weird week-long stint of Deadness before the meds worked, those side-effects were VERY short-lived and manageable, and once the meds finally started to work and I engaged in counseling focused on skill-building, I've been fucking golden. Almost zero side-effects and continual satisfaction. My experience might not be YOUR experience, but hey, giving it a shot is a win-win, as you'll either learn what works for you, or narrow down your search even further. Best of luck, brother.
What kind of meds they give you in america??? Holy fuck, i have adhd in Italy, i just take a neurodepressor and it's all fine... No need for meth for Christ sake!!!
I have ADHD and when I took the med I became depressed lol
7:18 I legit did the same thing when I was on seizure medication. It was like having my brain turn back on. Thankfully nothing bad happened.
my experience with concerta thus far has been life-changing in the best ways possible. but it is not all due to the drug.  1) i made a decision, the decision, to succeed where other will fail and let nothing deprive me of realizing my goals. so i gained the drive to let me display incalculable commitment psychologically.  2) my psychiatrist is great, i could be completely open and perform straight-forward monitoring of all effects of the medication, suggest dosage adjustments and receive proper feedback on the pros and cons of that suggestion until we got the dosage perfectly balanced. he helped me help myself, while also preparing me for all lifestyle choices that had to be changed/introduced/cut out and explaining to me in a detailed manner why those changes had to be made.  3) i am personally compatible with the medication, stimulants in general is something my body gets along with.  in the short span of a year of taking this medication, i have : `gained the ability to channel my focus to tasks that are boring but ultimately absolutely essential to do/learn. `gained the ability to demonstrate unwavering consistency to both begin AND complete tasks of many natures. `worked on and finalized personal projects that would otherwise go on forever with no clear goal in mind. `learnt c++ and python and made actual software that i and other friends of mine use to make our lives easier. `landed a job as an insurance consultant and so far i'm having a performance that is above standards. `learnt how to mix, master, and produce music on a professional level. `released 2 albums just for fun. `lost 40kg. `got into fitness and exercise. `can actually follow a healthy diet. `gained the ability to actually drive without being a literal ticking time bomb of "look -a bird is sitting on that telephone pole~ OH GOD WE'RE GONNA CRASH AND DIE" `got my life back. `helped 3 separate businesses get established, expand, and offer back to the local community. `gained the ability to comprehend the concept of "long-term gratification/working consistently instead of going off on motivation".   before taking this medication, this decision , this oath to myself, i literally had/made/provided/wanted/did nothing, never. i would think of a spectacular idea, and by the time i got to the point where i would even start to do something with it, i had found every reason there could ever be to not go through with it.   it is therefore my deduction from my personal experience that: `if you have made the decision `and you have a great psychiatrist `and your body is compatible with stimulants going through and taking this medication will without a doubt change your life for the better. but you need to take it early in the start of the day, cause it will str8 up keep u up otherwise, and sleep deprivation is the last thing you wonna mix with a stimulant.
thx for sending me down a rabbit hole with this song... ADHD is a "hassliebe" for me... Link to the song on the laptop: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyDyOweu-PA
why are you showing cocain song
I may have ADHD. I went from watching this video, to making a new Spotify playlist completely unprovoked, and completely forgetting I ever watched this video. (Halfway through making the playlist, I wrote this comment, and halfway through writing this comment I started playing with my hair, face down on my bed, not breathing.)
I have ADHD as well and have been on a variety of meds over the years. Currently I'm taking an alternative to Concerta. It seems to work for general focus on both physical and mental tasks, at least for me. It is pretty strong stuff though. It's supposed to last the whole day and you might feel a bit worn out after the day because you're really focused on everything. But it does tend to make me productive and less of a chaotic whirlwind.   At one point i was on some meds that worked like a painful light switch. It shot on and it shot off, giving me a headache each time
watching this while im supposed to be writing a 4 page essay
Hey since most ppl in the comments have ADHD let’s talk about what’s the hardest thing for you to do, for me it’s bing watching any show. Just any it’s the most difficult thing for me to do
I’m 22 years old, was diagnosed when I was 11, and I have never once been medicated. I genuinely don’t know what life is like without ADHD perception and I’m honestly a bit terrified to find out LOL. the only drug I take and am used to taking is weed!
why is the volume so low
I just wanna say since you last video I have gotten medicated and its been life changing. I found a lot of my faults were due to my ADHD being untreated for so long. The struggles I have with my college classes (4 yrs of it going on to 5th and 6th) all went away. The bad attention span, the seemingly impossible task of getting up out of bed despite being awake for 2 hours, the inability to set goals and attain them. I will say for people with ADHD you have a lot of motivation, more than most. What medication (and only medication) does is allows you to take that first step into completing your goals and tasks throughout the day. It will not force you to do anything but the meds help with you getting there. You still need to work but actually getting to that working step won't take forever, nor will it be minutes before a deadline.   No joke from starting medication I have essentially cured most of my depression/anixety, feel better about myself, do better in school, and hold responsibilites I never would have imagined myself holding years ago. Look into it I promise its worth it!
Bro. You want focus? Do pushups every morning. There's nothing that forces you to focus quite like solid exercise. If you lose focus, you fall on your face. The other exercise that really helps me is the hollow hold. Keeping your abs clenched for a minute or more also forces you to focus and makes your brain stronger too.
I take Guamfacine, Concerta, and if it’s for a short amount of time Riddlin
My mom actually has ADHD. And I didn’t  know this until I was like 10,and I kept forgetting,and now it’s sticking to my brain...ish.
2:06 AMONG US AMONG US AMONG US AMONG US AMONG US AMONG US AMONG US AMONG US
Your doc was hardcore giving you METH for the first pill ! 💊
Have you considered Focalin? In my experience, its a lot like Vyvanse in that it reduces restlessness. And it gives you that Aderall “power to do”. I used to have the exact same problems with focus as you since 1st grade. Focalin allowed me to be focused on MULTIPLE tasks! Back then it was stupid expensive, but recently the patent expired. So it should be a lot cheaper. I only have to pay a $10 copay for mine.  If you’re interested ask your physician about it by name, or by it’s generic: dexmethylphenidate.  Edit: 7 months later and I realize that Focalin is at the top of his list. Just another reason that ADHD sucks.
this sounds like my experience I thought my meds were really good for a while, liek they really helped me a lot but now? They just make me feel really down
Take Dexmethylphenidate😊 it works for me
Broski, let's maybe not contribute to the already rampant unhelpful stigmatisation of drugs, both literal harmful ones and helpful and/or medical ones. The last thing that's gonna help addicts and those at risk for addiction is ppl saying "meth = bad, im smart and u r dumb". And the last thing that's gonna help folks who need adhd meds is "your medicine = meth = drug = bad, stop that".
As someone with a d h d myself, it took a bit for me to find the right medicine that worked for me the way I wanted it to. At one point, i gave up and was ok for a few years till my family had to point out how adhd  quirks had gotten worse. Now im on something that works. I can relate, and i do hope ya find the right meds for you and not give up entirely.
so quiet
As someone with autism, ADD, ADHD, and OCD I’d love to chat.
you put it into words oof
I’ve never been diagnosed but I’ve always suspected that I have ADHD as my brothers and grandfather do as well. I’ve never medicated myself and do ok most of the time. I’ve found that if I’m not productive in the morning, then the whole day is shot. I make myself lists (though they’re rarely followed) the night before and set the goal of getting half the list done by the end of the weekend. If a quarter of it is done by Sunday evening, I call it an accomplishment. Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time I get back to planning my garden that I’ve been researching on and off for three years… it’ll get off the ground soon, I’m sure!
The fact that I take concerta-
I got ADHD but im medicated
No cause I'm gonna use word for word how you explained some of the symptoms when imma get tested because you put them into words soooo well that I don't think my brain would've come up with a better description for them :')))
I have ADHD and I was taking these medications since I was in elementary. When I entered middle school and was in 7th grade, my depression kicked in as a side effect when I was told that they are going to up my medication. Then I was wanting to commit the unalive and they put me on zoloft but I was gaining weight and i felt like crap. I stopped taking medication in highschool and I been happy ever since.
Used to take ADHD meds it would work for hours untill the drugs where starting to wind down and would be an absolute mess
I have a hard time when I don't do something I know I should have done ex. practice piano because it's a fine line between blaming it on my ADHD and blaming on myself. I know my ADHD makes it more difficult but I shouldn't use it as an excuse.
Turkish doctors tend to say "If you got to uni you should probably stop using meds"  Im however still not sure
I've read some anecdotal evidence from people saying that meditation can sometimes help with ADHD and issues with focusing, so that might be a cheap and accessible alternative to try out if you don't want to go down the route of medication.
Just because adderall is an anphetimine does NOT mean its meth. Also, its a mixed anphetimine salt. Yes, it has a similar chemical structure, but one difference in that structure completely changes the outcome
If you ever plan to get back on meds I would suggest Atomoxetine its main side effect is just drowsiness and at least for me it worked out. Been on it for almost a year now after being off meds for roughly three years and i can finally focus on my classes again.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam  Koksu piec gram  odlecieć sam  W krainie zapomnienia w głowie myśli mam kiedy skończy się ten stan gdy już nie będę sam
I got many bad experience for my meds over time, like feeling like part of me is missing and getting distracted by bad habits and stuff, and I’m off meds and I feel great
I’m on 8 psych meds. Life is completely numb but I realize I have to be because if I’m not on these medicines, I’d be off-the-walls crazy, unable to focus, constantly emotional, and an overall unstable mess. These medications really have more of a stigma than they should and some people most definitely need them to live a normal life such as myself.  Edit: it’s been two years and I’m off all but one of these poisons. I can feel the grass under my feet, taste food, I can even feel emotions again. I had lost so much but didn’t even know what was there before.
So I never finished this video because I started researching NordVPN and then researching VPN in general and then....
This guy: WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T STOP TAKING YOUR MEDS!!! DON'T!!! BAD!!! TALK TO DOCTOR FIRST!!! DANGER!!! /jk  Me: *is supposed to take meds every day, only does it maybe 3 time a week when I remember* Why am I in constant crisis? Whatever could be the problem? OAo??  ~~  Yannow, I heard somewhere that some doctors recommend taking a break from the meds, like on weekends, to slow to tolerance process. Don't take advice from internet people like me, but I wonder if you grew a tolerance and that's why it stopped working? (In my case I have no idea if my meds are doing anything anymore, lol. Although, the idea that on Vyvance the hyperfocus is engaged but undirected really makes me wonder if that's what's happening to me? I JUST NEED TO WRITE A PAPER, NOT FLESH OUT THE ENTIRE ANGSTY BACKSTORY FOR MY DND CHARACTER, PLEASE BRAIN, I'M BEGGING.)
play ksp
Me having ADHD…       I CANT AGREE MORE!!
I would try a non stimulant adhd med.
I feel this one 🥲
There's some things that are important to understand that I think might've helped your experience:  1. Adderall is not meth. Amphetamine salts are not the same as methamphetamine. They're structurally very similar, but small structure changes in drugs can be very meaningful in terms of how they work. A mirror image of a drug, Tamiflu, can cause terrible birth defects while the normal version is fine. 2. Any ADHD drug you take has what's called a "therapeutic window", which is the range of doses where you can get benefits without the side effects being too bad. The therapeutic window can be really small. If you have the "overly focused" feeling, or difficult feelings of anxiety or tightness of breath, your dose may simply be too high. It doesn't necessarily mean the drug is not compatible with you. 3. Drugs may completely "fix" your symptoms, but they also may only partially help. This is normal. 4. It's normal to have to learn new habits and ways of working while you're taking medication. You need different things now (e.g., making sure you're going to focus on the right thing on Adderall by altering your environment to make it easily available). 5. It can take a long time and trial and error to find the right medication and dose for you, especially when you don't have a provider who tells you all of this. This is a long process, and it helps a lot to work with an ADHD coach or therapist to help you figure out all the non-prescription stuff.
as someone who has been taking Vyvanse for around 10 years, you NEED to take breaks from it. Not only will it stop working if you take it non-stop, but like you experienced it can have some bad side effects. not to mention that you can build up tolerance so you just have to keep upping the dose. give yourself break days where you aren't doing anything, like the weekends. let yourself just sleep and eat and recover from your week. try not to take it while you're on vacation or not planning on doing anything important for a while. also pay very close attention to how much you eat because vyvanse can make you nut feel hunger anymore and that can obviously be pretty bad if you don't notice it.
I’ve had some… *interesting* reactions to medicine… it was terrifying
Adhd is definitely one of the most experience of all time across the galaxy 🛸
Pin if I tricked you   …read more
1:24 - 1:35 , you dont know how much i can relate
i have adhd and have tried many meds-
It's not "meth." ADHD might share the same class as METHamphetamines, but your ADHD meds are NOT COMPARBLE TO STREET METH. That's a terrible way to tar those taking adhd medication with an addict brush. 😕
I've been diagnosed since I was six, after which I started taking concerta and ritalin. It started out great, till it wasn't great anymore, and I was rapidly losing weight and showcasing symptoms of depression despite not even being 10 yet. I quit them, and due to that awful experience, decided not to try them again.   Almost a decade after that, I decide I'm going to take meds anyways. They first start me on Concerta again, but it doesn't even take two weeks before I want off. Yes, I can focus better, but the side effects were horrendous (nausea, headaches, insomnia, etc.). They give me a different medication: Atomoxetine, or better known as Stratera.   I've been taking that for about 4-5 years now. I started out with zero side effects, though it seems that I may have developed heart palpitation because of them. It's still unsure, but it's manageable. And it's worth it.  In high school, I suddenly started scoring higher on tests. My scores went from 6s and maybe an occasional 7 (5.5 is a pass here), to 8 and 9. That's a massive increase, especially considering I've changed absolutely nothing about my study habits!  Homework that used to take me 1-2 hours to complete, at least, was suddenly done in 15 minutes. I was able to memorize things, something I genuinely believed was impossible for me. And it was, before I started taking these meds.   Although concerta and ritalin certainly improved my ability to focus, stratera did it far better with much less of the trouble that comes with it. It was only after two years of taking them that I would occasionally notice my elevated heartrate, and although it has worsened, I don't want to stop taking these meds.   To outsiders, I was functioning fairly well before taking these meds. Before prescribing them, I had an intake for possible therapy to improve my coping mechanisms. After the intake, they said they couldn't help me. I already had a gigantic arsenal of coping skills to deal with my ADHD, and it was still not enough.  I'm so glad I'm on meds, despite my aversion to them initially. Stratera isn't commonly prescribed, and it can be a real struggle to receive it sometimes, but I'm so glad for the ways it's improved my life. For anyone who wants to know, they're a non-stimulant (which is uncommon for ADHD meds). That means they're also not an opiod.  If you're thinking about taking these, don't let the online stories of side effects scare you. They're rare. Although it takes about two months for these meds to fully settle in, I noticed the positive effect within two weeks (as soon as I started taking 40mg). I'd definitely recommend them if stimulants aren't working out for you.
What helps me to think abt how to do something, or stay concentrated, is BLAST YOUR F A V MUSIC IN YOUR EARS.
Concerta made me really tired and i kind of didnt do, y'know
I had the exact same thing happen when taking Adderall. If I was on the phone and not already starting my big task by the time the meds would kick in, the hyperfocus would just be locked on my phone.
“Don’t forget to unsubscribe” wow I’ve never heard somebody say that👀…..😆
to simplify my experience with adhd medicine it basically adds 80% more focus and 30 Iq
Darn I almost forgot to unsubscribe 🤣
I tried ADHD meds when I was younger, and I turned me into an extremely angry and abrasive person. I felt like my head was in a cloud, I could focus sure, but my head felt so empty all the time. I think they can work for some for sure, but I don't think there for me.
defo take concerta.
People always use the excuse “oh, drugs would work for anyone, all these ADHD kids have an advantage” are completely wrong. Just because I have the ability to do something on medication, doesn’t mean I WILL do it. I thought they would fix my brain and all of a sudden I’d be able to achieve anything- no, I actually have to put in effort and thought to get things done
Suffered through high school and middle school unmedicated and almost dropped out of community college before I went to a doc and got diagnosed. I went through the opposite where I took Vyvanse first and then took Adderall only because the generic for Adderall was much cheaper than Vyvanse. My grades jumped significantly with both medications and I’m still taking Adderall after already obtaining my Bachelors and working a steady job. Part of me wonders if I’m still taking the meds just out of habit and if I even need them anymore, the other part is worried that if I stop I won’t continue the same trend of productivity I’ve had.
me watching advertisements because I know he put his time and effort into the animations and I don’t want to waste it:
4:44 adderall isn't meth, it's amphetamine in a salt form.
I take 20mg of Vyvanse
I love this Polish song with a cow
just meditate instead on popping pills you need to rely on
i have tried pretty much every adhd medication. all of them make it so i cannot eat for 12+ hours, which... makes it hard to be productive. i have a very sensitive stomach and pretty much all medication messes with it super bad, i remember after taking one small starter dose of lexapro in high school i vomited nonstop for 2 days. i am more productive without stimulants because i can actually eat food to fuel my brain... (and no i cannot eat before taking meds, because i don't get hungry in the morning. i usually don't eat for 2-3 hours after waking up because it makes me nauseous if i try to force it.)  i am not on any stimulant meds, but i do take pristiq for emotional regulation which is one of my biggest adhd symptoms. i find having a partner to live with helps me stay on task because they can call me out if i am distracted and redirect me.
I'm finally starting ADHD medicine after struggling with it for most of my life. This video really helped me not feel alone in the process and it's really nice to see someone else's input that has ADHD. Thank you so much!
My first round on Vyvanse I was watching the 3 Mile Island documentary, and by the end of the day I was knowledgable enough in nuclear physics to write a dissertation
My trick is I take fast release ritalin 10mg. I just take it and force myself to do nothing.  When it kicks in, I start needing to get through my list of things that need to be done that I inevitably spend the 10 mins of doing nothing stressing about not doing. And rhen the meds just. Make me start.
What I do is I always watch YouTube which weirdly helps me focus.
I've been taking the same medication since I was in school but have recently wondered about other options because of various shortages and my psychiatrist mentioned Vyvanse. At first I was kinda freaked out by the description given for Vyvanse locking you into whatever you were focused on at the time it kicked in.. but now it has me wondering actually, if the delayed release medication I've already been taking does that. Cuz if I am actually focused on my work when I start my day I tend to have a productive day but if I'm distracted, watching videos, or texting or something when I'm trying to start work then.. I have a super hard time getting focused on what I'm ACTUALLY supposed to be doing.
omg he gets me 🥹
,ten mill Rittlen
I went cold Turkey on effexor two weeks ago.   Two longest weeks of my life. I was violently sick, vertigo, nausea, pounding headaches. Never stop taking meds without talking to your doctor
People's butts are gonna get hacked now. "Come here! Butt your Hack! lwskdhgff!"
Started Vyvanse my freshman year of highschool. I still remember the first day I started taking it, in my Spanish class, I was absolutely mind-blown because I didn't have to strain my brain to listen to my teacher speak. She'd say something and Id just....know. it was wild.
due whats up with your sound
Just smoke weed.  Best ADHD medicine around.
i have never related more because in also have adhd
I TAKE CONCERTA :D
I have a theory that people that have ADHD watch other people who have ADHD, and this comment section proves it right
Been on ritalin since ibwas sux and it works wonders. The last few years i have learned to function well without it, but without it i just can't work. Doesn't help that i get A LOT of really dumb comments, including concerns over the side effects i suffer (including a kind of turett), but i got used to it over the years. It does help that it was easier to get the stuff seeing iblife in germany😅
I’ve had an… interesting experience with ADHD medication. One of the first I took made me more hyper, another made me have absolutely no energy and I fell asleep all the time, and the current one I’m on (Generic Strattera) is great. I have almost no side-effects and I’m able to focus really well.
The depiction of thoughts had while working on a math problem was so accurate. 😆
Wait so you self diagnosed yourself with ADHD, successfully? That’s impressive. Must have taken lots of concentration
THIS IS EXACTLUY WHY IM TRYING TO SWITCH OFF MY ADDERALL, IVE NOTICED THAT I CAN CLEAN BUT IT TAKES ME A YEAR TO SPIT OUT A COMPLETE THOUGHT.  Ive been on the same dosage for about 7 years but now im 20 and the dosage of adderall im on seems to not be working as much, if at all but i dont want to increase my dosage because im already concerned about the appetite supression.
I got diagnosed in 3rd grade and started taking vyvanse soon after. the first time I took it I noticed a huge difference. we were going over our homework and I realized "wait...I'm writing down the answers...I'm correcting my homework...I know what we're doing??" the whole day continued like this. I could read, I could do math, I could write, all while getting it through my head. I wasn't turning around constantly and swinging my legs. I wasn't picking my lip (as much, I still need to fidget and it's a bad habit to this day) when I got home I was jumping around and telling my mom how well it worked. she was shocked that it worked so quickly. unfortunately the medicine isn't all sunshine and rainbows. it almost completely changes my personality. I go from hyper and silly, which I enjoy, to serious and more quiet. which I hate and just isn't actually me. the part that makes this hurtful is that so many people prefer me this way because I'm not so "overwhelming". I honestly cried tears of joy when my boyfriend said, "I'm glad you forgot your medicine today, that means you're going to act like the real you."  with school, vyvanse works great because when you switch classes you're forced to focus on a new task. with daily life, I'm not so sure. I don't take vyvanse out of school unless I need to focus on something. I've never had a bad reaction to not taking it, and my doctors have never told me to not do it.
So I was on Vyvanse and it was hell and what you described is exactly what happens and the shot days I focused on anime
I hate you, how dare you destroy my entertainment.
I had a very similar experience with Vyvanse where I would literally hyperfocus but not on the things I needed to do LMAO
As someone who has taken meds for adhd for around 7-8 years
i love wanting to do something but having my brain completely not wanting to and giving me the superpower of writing 6 sentences per minute in the last 10 minutes before my homework is due, really loving it, yea
Did you take vyvance with food? The symptoms are a PAIN
mm. now that i think about it im meant to be doing work not this. uhoh
guh
i forgot my name once
Adderall isn't meth.   Sadly that's a rumor spread by people who are prejudiced against ADHD and it's medication. It's an attempt to scare people from using it.
I was put on Ritalin during finals and it worked great for getting me through finals, like I oculd study without end and actually got hyperfocused on topics that saved my ass and made me get good grades. But then my perscription ran out and my therapist was out of the country on holiday, so I was forced to quit cold turkey and BOY OH BOY DO NOT DO THAT! I felt like garbage for a week straight. I had migraines, bright light was too bright and TOO LOUD??? I could not stop hearing the electricty hum through devices, my phone became a death trap because it made little clicking sounds, foods became hard to deal with texture wise and my body was achey... just not a good time in general.
I had the exact same issues as you, I still do with my ADHD, except when I was on meds (I tried adderall, ritalin and vvyanse). The first two completely suppressed my appetite and not eating was giving me headaches which, wouldn't ya know, didn't really help my focus, and vvyanse made me feel like I was constantly astral projecting with my physical body unable to emote or feel emotions but it did help me focus...on the wrong things, also got a minor panic attack from hyper-focusing on my heartbeat while working and it made me paranoid about the meds but I couldnt move so I was just trying to do stuff, emotionless which internally freaking out.  Also unmedicated right now BUT I found that cognitive behavioural therapy along with finding an adaptable schedule that fits in between work and school really helps, so like planning ahead to take into account other big priorities, most of my schedule accounts for my lack of focus/procrastination. But my brain never shuts off, sometimes its fun company other times is just wack. Vitamin D and staying away from too much sugar and going to the gym was soooooo key on improving focus, but some days are better than others lool
tylko jedno w głowie, koksu 5 gram , odlecieć sam , w krainę zapomnienia. W głowie myśli mam kiedy.....  By the way  i love watching content like that , i feel it's "very educational" as for someone that is... you know , interested in how others see the world with "diseases" ( i don't want to offend anyone with this ). Also take care everyone who struggles with this or other stuff
OHHH dude!!! i have been laughing at myself for over half an hour, with this and the ADHD video. Thanks for this and i better put myself to work before i get distracted once more... thinking about medicating myself and standardize my time so i can be more productive about the things i need to do
I was diagnosed with adhd at around 7 years old and at the same time prescribed vyvanse, and ive just been taking it sense, it kinda sucks to be reliant on it to get anything done but theres also not much i can do with constantly having to keep up on schoolwork right now
i prefer not being medicated
I’m finally off focalin been using it for years and I don’t really need it anymore 😊
Did you know that polish cow is actually about drugs?
0:36 what the bug doin
Every case is different and that’s what makes adhd either really fun or absolutely terrifying
I was jamming to the cow song at the beginning, ive never been so pissed of a cartoon preventing me from watch cow dancing song
Guess I'll unsubscribe now
The first time I took vyvanse I got literal tunnel vision. I could only see and hear my teacher, which concerned me. I talked to my doc and he said "huh, weird, lets up the dose." I stayed on Vyvanse for close to 10 years and during that time I barely slept (like 6 hours a week), my appetite was nonexistent so I had to force myself to eat, and when the meds wore off for the day my attention span and my memory both were basically gone.  I really want to get medication that can help me but my experience with vyvanse was so incredibly off-putting that I've spent the last decade unmedicated and bursting with thoughts that refuse to be wrangled
I took adderal at one point and for some reason as well as making me gain the ability to be able to, it also made me very stoic. I still don’t know why it did that to me, but I’m glad I’m no longer an emotionless savant of a robot. Edit: like you also said it also made it hard for me to do mental tasks as well as just thinking (which is something my genius self does a lot).
Unsubscribed. Thanks for the reminder, I almost forgot.  Wait, hold on-
Well somewhat the same but idk it's weird because I'm not even diagnosed with Adhd, I get distracted all the time and even in school; yesterday I had to watch a documentary at home for a test and I got distracted with something on my phone 💀💀. Idk what to call this, my mom has it but she thinks I don't so yeah idk what to say to her at this point. And I also forget everything a lot for some weird reason
I use atomoxetin better known as strattera, you might want to give that a try
I started my adhd meds 2 days ago 😭 this is perfect timing
My experience is that I got so tired I couldn't freaking move. Like usually I can will myself forward but on that day I literally could not get up from my desk at school. I actually got really scared and though I was being attacked by a demon. Then they said it was one of the symptoms which was drowsiness. So that, coupled with my natural teenage sleep schedule(or lack thereof) made me into Snorlax for about 2 days. I was unable to move and could only shovel food into my face. [Insert image of an Eevee inhaling food like a vacuum]
Concerta gave me the weirdest tics
Is it just me or is the volume rlly low?
I may have adhd because watching this video I was playing a game and I was like I will play this game then I was like wait….                               was this the game I was playing? Or was it a different game
How do I get the drugs this guy takes
THIS VIDEO WAS A DISTRACTION BUT A GOOD ONE HEHE
I’m currently trying out different ADD meds and for anyone else in the same situation, be VERY careful of what cold medicine you take, because it turns out that some ADD meds REALLY don’t like certain cold medicines. I found this out the hard way, so save yourself the pain and trouble!
When I take my adhd meds it kind of feels like when you read a book for a really long time. You know that feeling? One of my friends told me that’s how it feels to be high. My medication lasts for 12 hours. I take it once a day. That means that I am high for half of my life. If you see me on the street, do yourself a favor and avoid me. Thank you
Ok we begin this video with a song about drugs
Also, Vyvanse takes time to get used to. It can take you up to 2 months or so to actually start getting the effects in the right way, without side effects.  The breathlessness is extremely common, and does stop happening after a while. After a while, the only side effect youre likely to end up with, aside from a minor addiction, is some slight eating disorder, as in you don't eat enough.  Your vyvance side-effect is common, and happens with other meds too, especially early on. You just need to give it time. Its clear your psychologist probably didnt make the side-effect situation clear enough, but ALL ADHD meds have side effects in the beginning. There IS a transition period you have to get through. If you dont get the eating disorder issue, vyvance is extremely good for people like you and I, who have the lack of focus and attention most strongly. For me, the eating disorder got too bad, but Im soon going over to Strattera which is essentially the same according to a colleague, but without that one side-effect, and likely without the shortness of breath too, seeing as it's not a stimulant.
ice cream sandwich
As someone with ADHD  Tylko jedno głowie mam Koksu Piec Gram Oldleciec sam w kraine zapomemnia
just so people know, adderall is absolutely not at all meth, and not the same as, and not similar to it. There IS a legal brand of actual methamphetamine which can be prescribed for ADHD in some cases, and it's the ONLY legal methamphetamine. However, that is a different drug entirely, and not adderall.
I have it to!
As someone who also has ADHD I can say that it is certainly an experience to live with. I definitely notice how It affects my daily life. so much so that about 4 minutes into watching the video, I hear my my dad's music he was playing in the other room and Bruno Mars "that's what I like" came on and I stopped the video, sang and danced to the song, and then went back to watching the vid.  So yeah, uh- adhd at its finest I guess :)
I was medicated for 2 years, which just so happens to be the two worst years of my life.
I literally had the Polish Cow video playing in the background while I played games like an hour ago so that beginning REALLY caught me off guard
You can try medications with mythylamine slow burns and also you need to pace your medications according….happened to me too. When I was having come down from my medication, I usually felt realllyyyyyy tired, irritated and hungry. Then i pretty much realised that it was the medication that was causing this, so, basically I paced my medication in such a manner that I feel the crash from the medication while it was time for bed. It takes a lot of trial and error, as everyone’s body is different. I’d say try concerta, which is really expensive but effective, or ritalin variants, comparatively less expensive. Also if you by any chance have a relative living in europe you can get your medications their, basically for free. But, it has to be a close relative.
As a kid I was on Vyvanse and some other thing I don’t remember All I remember is feeling extremely bored all the time, so bored I felt sick in the stomach UNLESS I was doing schoolwork, it was so bad that I would take scrap sheets of classwork home to do and throw away when I was done
shit. guess imma need drug.
wanna say, just like Depression and anxiety meds, it may take you a dozen trials to find meds that actually work for you. I'd give a few more a shot, and if all else fails, try something else, like pot or meditation. You might still find the result you need if you keep trying.
Whew I almost forogt to unsubscribe
ironic how I'm watching this to get away from cleaning
I appreciate you pumpin out these vids in spite of your struggle with ADHD. Keep up the good work!✨
My man made me figure out I had ADHD
Best way to reduce side effects in my experience is to take break days and to schedule my days off my medication.  When I have a more firm schedule, things can work better.  In my experience, my medication can affect the *quality* of my sleep - which can make everything worse - and I can get a ton of fatigue.  It's pretty normal to take medication breaks for people with ADHD. Sometimes I can take a break off a weekday, and sometimes I'll just take a break off my weekend. I will sometimes really want results - which can lead to me not taking enough breaks.
Fantastic video! Meds can most certainly be helpful but, for the love of god, if you begin testing meds again DO NOT let a doctor convince you to take antidepressants.
*cries in Asperger's*
I used Vyvanse
why the video is so quiet?
The "Aderal is similar to meth" is actually only a half truth. Chemically, it is structured very similarly to meth, but as you saw with its lack of a sensation, it impacts the brain in radically different (and non-harmful) ways than meth. Even incredibly tiny differences in a molecule can cause its medical effects to change drastically, for instance the mirror image (enantiomer) of meth called "Levomethamphetamine" is even more similar structurally to meth, but is actually just a mundane, over the counter nasal medication.  Also, great moral to the story of it always being good to check up with your doctor/psychiatrist! They can be really helpful with helping you figure out what medications work for you! The med that ended up working for me was ritalin, which has a few annoying side effects (a little emotional when it wears off and I sometimes kind of forget to eat when its in effect), but overall has really helped me and many others with managing symptoms, so it might be worth talking to your doc/psych about that one!
Im trying out Medikinet. There are two versions: one works sooner and lasts for around 14hrs. The other one works slower but only lasts 4-6hrs. Second option is prefered by creative people and Im a creative person so I agreed to that. First week I didnt notice much, so time + higher dosis made me notice a change: my head wasnt constantly overloaded by all different kinds of things. I actually sometimes felt "peace" in my head.  Usually I feel like my mind was a small ship in middle of the ocean during an insane storm. The meds made me feel like my mind was a rift on a river with zero wind at all. Might sound weird but maybe some people can relate. However, ADHS/ADS isnt all bad. For creative people. Things we are really interested in cause a hyper focus. This helps me to learn things more intensively that Im interested in (like the rocket example in the video) and having to think about multiple things at once can help creativity and the process of getting ideas for different projects. Its just really exhausting and its nice to be able to shut it down every now and then with meds if its not needed for a few hours
I have ADHD my self it is like a roller Ride
I started ritalin a few weeks ago. But I only noticed maybe a little bit?! I'm taking 20mg now.
Idk what I need but ADHD is a trip and with medication a journey
dopamine dead on the floor is so real, god...  Also it's really interesting to hear how different brains work. To be fair, I also take stimulants for Narcolepsy (and yes you can have both narcolepsy and ADHD) so that probably has somethin to do w/ things.. but Adderall is actually the ONLY med that works well for me thusfar. I haven't gotten to try vyvanse (bc I haven't needed to), but Ritalin made me an emotionless irritable husk of exhaustion :') AND made me do that hyperfocus-on-wrong-thing stuff.. And for some reason I only was able to have 1 trail of thought at all, no tangential thinking, which is super awful for a professional creative Dx
I enjoy days being unmedicated adhd when I'm not doing something important. Still that being said I haven't taken my meds in a year and a half. I don't take adderal I forget which one I was taking last but it was good I just forgot to take it all the time so the days I would forget I would be twice as whack. Also meds never completely got rid of my issues. It definetly helped but sometimes I would get obsessed with task a and then need to move on to task b but all I would be thinking about was task a and I would want to cry when I had to move to task b. My therapist says I should look into testing for autism though because I have a lot of symptoms so if I do have autism that might overlap and be the thing that I thought would solve it but didn't.
Hey! Glad you shared your story! I thought I'd share my experiences since from the meds u mentioned we had similar reactions. I was diagnosed @ 8 yrs old and I immediately started Vyvance I had a similar reaction with nausea, but I also developed insomnia and lost my appetite tremendously, this led to my ghd diagnoses (growth hormone deficiency). So naturally I stopped and started adderall turns out adderall works best for ADD people not ADHD (yes there's a difference karens). So again I stopped that was when I found out about ritilan, its in the same family as vyvance just not as strong (that can be changed with a side medication {i take guanfacine}). Ritilan was extremely helpful and since it can also make you lose your appetite I don't take it on weekends and instead just take Guanfacine. This is MY experience though so I cant speak for you, but I HIGHLY recommend researching about the types of meds you might be interested in. Have fun exploring soldier o/
So far this guy has explained ADHD better then I’ve seen doctors explain it. I love it and can relate to just about everything he said.
why is this so quiet?
I can 100% relate to this
I also have ADHD so welcome to the club.
I looked into meds halfway through college. Doc was nervous about prescribing a stimulant so he put me on atomoxitine. I’ve since lowered the dose to 25mg a day and I can say it’s helped tremendously.
Bro the segment with the five people in your brain just rambling to themselves was such a great representation of how it feels.
I'm in the funny area between autism and ADHD. I refuse to take any medication, because I don't want them to fuck things up for me. I am a trainwreck of a person, but I do get straight A's in difficult college classes.
Therapy is so important even with meds. It isn't as cure all it's a tool. I've been on Adderall XR a year, and I'm feeling a little less... Productive. Realized I'm generally overwhelmed and need to redevelop healthy habits. Which, luckily is easier with meds!! I recommend Succeeding With Adult ADHD its a book for people with ADHD and it isn't patronizing and focuses on self efficacy. Also Adderall isn't meth. But you can take prescribed meth for ADHD lol.
As someone who is medicated for ADHD, it is critical for me to operate on a daily basis. Without it, I just kinda… spin… 😂
I took an ADHD test once, and they said, "Test is negative." But when I took the meds, everything was better...  I'm 21(8 years since the test), and some days are very productive(I'm not on meds since 5 years ago). But then other days are completely unproductive, and I get stuck on the things I want to do instead of my job... kinda sucks...
Seeing that list of brands is fucking wild, because when I was taking adhd meds like almost 20 years ago (huegh) I just got dextroamphetamine, that's it. No brand, just pill name and dosage.  And I've later discovered (long after weening off the meds) that I prob didn't have adhd, but fairly mild autism. BUT my older sister very likely has add that's never been diagnosed. Wild
Yeah amphetamines are no joke. I'm suprised they didn't start with Strattera if you were diagnosed as an adult. Everyone I know is super reluctant to give Adderall or Vyvanse to adults considering they can be hella addictive. For me Ritalin worked just as well as the amphetamines but was much gentler in terms of side effects.
This weekend I went on a 2-day trip with friends and was supposed to print and bring some important stuff. I printed it, put it in front of me not to forget it and ate lunch before going where we were supposed to meet. Of course, I forgot it. Went back, took it, got to the meeting place, I put it on the ground to lock my bike and get in my friend's car. Two hours later, Oh shoot I left it by my bike! I literally forgot it twice in the span of 5 minutes. Luckily a friend that was supposed to reach us later got there and picked it up, and luckily everything was still there. Lol
also got adhd here, and i just take over the counter L-Tyrosine or whatever its called, and it works pretty well for me
I have adhd and dyslexia. The ae thing reminded me how one semester I constantly swapped the names of my RA and my highschool friend. They're dramatixally visually different and my highschool friend did not attend the same college as me. Yet bc their super different names both started with an A, I'd swap them alot.  I also have things happen like I played acnh for about a year before I realized it was windflower and not wildflower. Same thing happens all the time with random words alot.
I use Strattera, 40mg every day:D It's also a slow-burn kinda medicine, but DAMN is it ANNOYING. If i forget to take it for one day, the whole thing resets and I have to suffer two months of depression (yes it actually makes me depressed) before it goes normal again. Never tried Adderall. Btw I have taken 5 different medications, and this is the best i've got this far. I heard that with the inattentive type of ADHD it's harder to get the correct  medication, because the symptoms are more complex, and not just not being able to sit straight for 3 minutes and talk all the time like with the hyperactive type. I think you should give  meds another try, just remember that it takes a LOT of patience. ADHD is cool. very cool. but on the other hand not cool. very not cool
T r u m p e t s
I take Adderall and I’m very thankful I don’t experience the same problems you had with it. My brother takes Vyvance and is also okay as far as I know. Just goes to show how different drugs have wildly different effects in different people.
I’m gonna try the timing thing, makes so much sense heading all this
fun fact: the dancing cow song, from the beginning of the video, is actually about doing drugs, stay hydrated👍
Cow
I’ve been on basically all the ADHD meds at this point and the one that worked best for me was Daytrana patches it didn’t give me horrible burnt out or depression like a couple of other did but it also allowed me to think more clearly and have the energy to get through the day and everything needed of me although make sure you change up where you put the patch 😅 I’ll give a horrible adhesive burn if you put it in the same spot for a month
As I write this I’m in my daily “slump” phase of vyvanse where I have had the first 3-4 hours of productivity and excitement to work on my ONE thing (usually whatever I started doing when it took effect: job searching, personal projects, studying, etc) and, while it hasn’t worn off yet, the burnout towards the task I was focused on all hits at once. So now that task and EVERYTHING else I can think to do becomes a chore I don’t want to even approach, even fun stuff like watching yt videos and drawing.   All this is to say, that your video made me feel valid in my experience with my meds and it was so relatable hearing you discuss the different reactions you had to them. I’m gonna talk to my psychiatrist about these slump phases I’ve been having like you recommended. Loved the video!!
I started with Vivance in 5th grade, and the months I was on it is *gone* from my memory. I know from what my parents will say that it practically killed my personality, but I don't know what happened. So now I do meth and drink lots of caffeine, which works much better for me.
I've got diagnosed with ADHD just something small of a year ago, and after trying a lot of methods with my psychiatrist and therapist, we decided to try out meds. So i started taking them, and my Grades have never been better. I was one of the worst students for years, i only ever had Ds and under, and getting a C made me more than happy. But it also hurt, because a lot of adults told me that i was really intelligent, and that they couldn't understand how i'd get such low Grades, so i should just try harder. When i turned old enough to (in my country) make my own medical appointments, i did, literally the week before my birthday i called  many medical professionals and asked for an appointment the following week. And i can tell you, that i am now an all As and Bs Student,  but the meds don't make me smarter, and i still take longer to process and understand many things than others do, but after 11 years in school and feeling like i was trying to fight for my life, i would never let this opertunity go to waste. My best comparison to meds would be shoes. It is more comfortable and easier to walk with shoes, but the shoes don't walk for you, and different people need different shoes that fit them and have different functions. Of course there are people who don't wear shoes, other people say shoes are comfy, and others need speciall orthopedic shoes. But no less, you need to move your legs yourself, and while teaching how to walk slowly to yourself, whilst simutaniously going through the pain of going over gravel without shoes, can of course be made easier through sole sollst, but  you still might just need to start heaving to learn how to walk only just now, after everyone has learned it decades ago. Sometimes we need to walk, jump or run, but we'll always have to learn at our own pace, one step after the other.  Edit: edited out a part about my medication. some replies may not make sense now. But basically: i take an amphetamin that would show positiv in a drug test for things like meth and speed. And yes i have to cary a permit for it, especially when driving.
Bro when i was on concerta it made me lose a l o t of weight
Only ogs will remember that song
A Preson with ADHD, I can Tottaly Confirm. Also i laughed hard when you described the Symtoms.
Hi, as someone who suffers from both ADHD, and Tourette’s syndrome. If you want a way to concentrate without medication, then I’d recommend using chewing gum. It causes your brain to focus on actually chewing the gum, then letting your brain travel to billions of alternate realities at once. This most likely won’t work for everyone, but I’d like to get my experience of fighting against ADHD out there in some way, shape-or-form
this is so crazy watching your video about ADHD and as some one that just got diagnosed it’s so crazy how we do things so similar, it’s so crazy that I always thought it was normal of my actions but it’s not at all
Guy: sings about dr*gs and sui*ide. Internet: HaHa DaNcInG cOw Go BrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRrRr
bruh I literally cant stop staring at polish cow
I've been living with Aspergers Syndrome my whole life; think of it as "Autism (Now with OCD and ADHD)!" See, I started on Concerta back in Middle School, and eventually it just wasn't helping or something. I dunno why, but regardless I ended up on Strattera for a bit after I got a new Psychiatrist and that made me feel like shit. Asked them to take me off it, they instead raised the dose, and by that point my mom and I decided this psychiatrist is a quack and looked for new meds. Eventually, I began taking 10mg of Adderall XR a day, which takes similar time to kick in as you described Vyvanse to take. It worked for a while, but by High School I had to have the dose gradually raised to 20mg a day, and this is where the out of breath feeling came in...  ICS, you were getting sudden panic attacks from your body realizing it was so focused on what you were doing (my case was OCD combining with stress-induced perfectionism) that you forgot to FUCKING BREATH. That's what that out-of-breath feeling is, except in my case it made my face really numb, signaling me when it was happening and making me freak out. Whenever this occurred, I was effectively out of commission for literally the entire day. Every time I tried my hardest to focus, I'd basically start suffocating myself until I just had to give up and do unimportant, idle activities once I got home, like video games and web-browsing (and sometimes it'd still get me, though I could be wrong). Eventually insomnia started to occur, causing me to finally start taking Seroquel in my Senior year. I deferred graduation afterwards due to changing classes at a career-tech school I open-enrolled to, and the suddenly sour and mean mood that anti-anxiety sleeping aid caused resulted in me adding Lexapro (a fully-fledged anti-anxiety med) to the mix to keep everything balanced out.  At another psychiatrist's request, I tried lowering how much Seroquel I took due to its risk of nastier side effects, but the inconsistencies between how various psychiatrists handled the med made me just say screw it after I started taking too little of the sleeping aid and eventually got myself leveled out to where I am.
I’m using my mom’s account and I just gotta say I have ADHD too and I hear you I completely understand this I am basically just like you wanna come say to you except with me  to focus on things I have to like it and if I like it I got it so focused on it that I basically become so focused on it it’s basically becomes my whole entire personality and then the only time when I stop learning about that one thing I got really focused on is when I learned everything about it and then I can just almost perfectly rehearse some of the information that I learned and also me personally I’m taking atomoxetine for my ADHD so I’m not sure I can recommend you it but It’s what I’ve been thinking pretty much ever since I got diagnosed with it so yeah
I miss my meds so much, but I stopped being able to turn the feeling into productivity and instead I would just panic
Like most mental disorders it’s a trial and error to get the right results.
You can also research just building good #habits in general
I WENT THROUGH THIS SAME EXACT THING OMG. One of the best solutions I've ever done was to get a REALLY comfy computer chair and make a vision board that constantly sits in front of me. DOES NOT CURE ADHD. but helps.
Crazy thought: Instead of doing drugs, why dont you just fix the issue you have?
My G O D this has been my existence for 27 years hahahaha ha h a h a a a aaaaaa
You icecream sandwich, I am to believe I have the same kind of adhd as you, I suffer from like all the same shit, if meds don’t work for you when trying to focus on something try music, it’s worked for me, just giving to music as a work, keeps the adhd part of your mind busy while you work, it’s best with music with no lyrics but it varies for all difrent kinds of people,
i have adhd and im using equasym. idk if you have that america but you should try it. it works for me atleast
funny
I was a dreadful student in K-12 because I felt like school was pointless. It pretty much was. I switched from ADHD meds to coffee in mid high school and started focusing hardcore on math. Now I'm getting a PhD, haven't touched meds in years, and drink copious amounts of coffee. I'd say the hack for ADHD is fine something really hard (like math, instrument, bouldering, become a YTber whatever), focus all your effort into that and use coffee to self medicate. It's been working beautifully for me for ~8 years
I have adhd but refuse to take meds. I was on vivance until age 11 and they were acting as a depressant. I had no appetite, couldn't focus and had no energy. I feel great now that I'm off though. Still kind of hard to commit to things but I get it. Once I put myself in the flow it's alright.
This is great
can i know the song with the cow
:0 I want meth!   For medical purposes...
So I have very very severe ADHD, like top 1-.5% of cases based on symptoms. Or more accurately had, it’s decreased over the years, as I’m 23 now.   My brain is a living hell. I’ve been on Concerta at the max dosage since I was like 8, and if I don’t take it my entire life falls apart. It’s really scary, especially because right now they’re cracking down on stimulant abuse because of adderal abuse, so it’s getting harder to get my life saving meds…   Thank you for making this. It’s nice to know I’m not alone, like I always knew but reading a post about it vs seeing a video about it is different.
I fucking hate ADHD, I can't focus on anything I don't like and I'm currently failing school cause I don't like any of the classes I have, and even when I do like it I'm to far gone to understand any of it. All my family and teachers tell me to just try harder cause that's how works. I get stressed easily now cause all the pressure of highschool and how I'm failing every class I have. I can't even keep focused on something I enjoy. I have absolutely no focus with anything, I've been just trying and trying and trying to get stuff done but I just can't do anything
ABILITY is a pretty good description
I quit my meds after years of taking them. Man I feel so much better happier fun I felt like I was becoming a person that I didn’t know because it wasn’t what I really wanted to act like yeah I am more easily distracted and rambunctious but I also feel I can control myself the way I want to. Instead of being obnoxious about some random thing I decided I was going to focus on……….. I feel you Dawg thanks for the relatable content! Have a good one my adhd peeps!
Wait But this is me-
So the whole vid is just him saying he doesn't take ADHD meds anymore cause he had bad experiences
i took vivance once but it made me agressive i took more meds than you when i was a kid like one med made me very tired an other med made me starve my mom coulds see my ribcage perfectly i took vivance again noting happened but i kept wanting to vomit i took an other med and it still wanted me to vomit so i stopped taking it and im fine now
just focus ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
btw your audio is really low i can't really hear it that much
I never have been on Vyvanse but what you described reminded me of myself during a bipolar.manic episode. 🥴
ADD and ADHD only exist because parents don't beat their kids anymore.
As a person with adhd, vivants was one hell of a drug to take, but gave me headaches if I didn’t take it constantly, so that is why I switched to the meth one
vyvanse made me evil! i did adderall for a bit and the good symptom to bad symptom ratio was also bad. now i just write every fucking thing down forever
As a person with adhd, vivants was one hell of a drug to take, but gave me headaches if I didn’t take it constantly, so that is why I switched to the meth one
Yeah no you needa use conserta that stuffs the best
When I was younger I was told I had "ADD" back when that description wasn't deprecated yet, later they told me I have some mild ADHD, certainly not bad enough to become debilitating from my day to day life so perhaps this won't help with someone that has a worse case of ADHD but my psychologist subtly suggested I try a small list of Nootropics instead of the typical long list of synthesized amphetamine/methamphetamine prescriptions.   Before we get into the Nootropics, first let's not get confused with what Adderall is. People like to closely relate it to "Meth" which is just about what anyone does with a lazy narrow conception on simple grade 8-10 chemistry. Adderall is of the class Amphetamine, it is not "Meth" which would be under the Methamphetamine class. People simply look at that and go "Yup, "Meth, and they both got 'amphetamine' so they must be the same!"   The truth to it is that Methamphetamine and Amphetamines are cousins, but more like 4th cousins twice removed, the difference in the two is the added molecular group of N-Methyl-2-pyrrolidone.   The two are considered same or similar because they  both derive from the same amine, but the addition of N-Methyl-2-pyrrolidone onto methamphetamine makes it completely unique in physiology. To compare the two are like comparing Banana's to Plantains, they are of the same genus, but not the same at all and individually are unique, just as Methamphetamines and Amphetamine are of the same Amine (think of it as a genus) but are completely different on a more recursive level and interact with our chemical physiology in incredibly unique ways from each other.   So fear not, you're not taking Meth, and shouldn't really be compared to it, as doing so is creating a laymen's for something that really shouldn't be laymened as it causes widespread misinformation.   Now, as for the Nootropics, I've been taking Adrafinil, noopept, Coluracetam, Pramiracetam, CDP Choline and Alpha GPC Choline complex since I was 16, I'm 23 now and I've only ever had improvements from it. One side effect from them is Headaches which makes sense, they are gonna utilize a lot of cellular energy so making sure to stay properly hydrated is best; but that's also what the Choline complex is for, it helps the cells retain proper electrolytes and assist in the protection of cellular membranes in the brain and assist in the prevention of cognitive decline.  That's my list, Feel free to do as much citation and academic research that's necessary, I'm sure you'll quickly see in how many regards these nootropics are used by society, mainly athletes, elderly and people with cognitive disorders.  In the long run they are cheaper and much more consumer available as they aren't prescription based products, they are classed as Nootropics.
Đ R Ü G Š
Everyone interested in ADHD medication should look up the in progress research about the long term effects of it (almost all mental health drugs are still being assessed for how they affect us). ADHD involves hormones and when using meds, it can be harmful to your heart and other health issues. Adderall is a stimulant and has been found to long term increase risks in certain things. The same goes with hormones for HRT, it can greatly increase the risk of diabetes and heart problems because our bodies are a delicate interconnected ecosystem. I might have to get my uterus out at an early age (cancer risk) and they want to avoid it as much as possible because of the health risks associated with HRT (if I didn't take HRT after my uterus was removed I could have even worse symptoms, like bone fragility and more heart disease). I have mild combine ADHD and cannot take medication because I take daily asprin for my Lynch Syndrome, it would increase my risk of heart and bleeding problems way too much. As dumb as a it sounds, bilateral exercise truly helps manage SOME of the symptoms of ADHD. Depression and anxiety are closely related to ADHD and can make ADHD worse so by having a healthy routine of exercise and feeding yourself nourishing food (I know how hard it sounds, it is hard) you'll feel much better. Not cured! I still have bad days and panic attacks, but my daily struggles to transit to work and speak during meetings have greatly reduced after I started training for my first 10k race, taking up dancing and rock climbing again. ALL THAT SAID it's your choice to take the medicine, just be aware of how you can support your body when you are putting it in a vulnerable condition. Some people can't function with meds and that's totally understandable.
im currently on vyvanse or whatver its spelt and just like ritalin it also completely reduces desire to eat :') which is not good for me as i am underweight as shit
I have bipolar disorder, so my psychiatrist is super against putting me on a stimulant. She put me on Strattera, which worked great though my executive functioning was still shit. At least I could focus and sometimes hyper focus. But then it just stopped working at one point, and because of a throat disease I developed (dairy allergy), she hasn't wanted to try me on Qelbree for fear that another pill could worsen my symptoms or whatever. And oh boy, when I was studying for my last two finals, it really hit me how much I was struggling to pay attention and how exhausted my mind became by fighting for attention that just wasn't there. The only reason I have even survived two terms without ADHD meds is because I'm so far in physical therapy school that much of what's in the didactic part of our courses is review now and same with our lab portions (it's just really all about putting everything together at this point). But I hardly touch the lecture videos because I can't pay attention, and what has helped is finding Quizlets for this material. Otherwise, if I were at the beginning of my program, I think I would have failed out.
Ok cool great but what is that cow song?
I take vivance prit ey goo
Never taken any medication, but like he said, *never* just suddenly stop taking medication. It can have alot of unexpected and undesired affects, depending how much and what you take, some of these symptoms could be death. So yeah, don't just stop go seek a professionals opinion
I think you might have been a bit overmedicated on the vyvanse. When I was taking 70 mg while doing online school, I was laser focused on on my school work, but when I was done, I was shaking *_REALLY BADLY_* and was just so bored. I had finished the task, and since I was laser focused on it my brain didn't want to focus on anything else. Ive moved down to 60, and the problem is still there, but it's mild enough to where I can just, force myself to do it. If you find the right dosage, the laser focus of Vyvanse can be a huge tool, rather than a burden. Though it's not for everyone. A lot of people hate ADHD meds, and I see why, but IMO the benefits outweigh the side effects. I've been medicated since I got diagnosed, and I hated it at first, but it's been so many years (about 9-10 years) that I can say with confidence, that once you get used to it, the medicine helps a lot. Again though, it's not for everyone.
same thing for me, i have ptsd from my experience with meds. not fun time.
Hey wait I was having the exact same thingy happen to me when I took meds for another thingy!
As someone with ADHD, seeing videos like this are intensely frustrating. Meds or not, you are being irresponsible and seem unwilling to put any work in to improve your condition. You talk about being constantly distracted by different devices. This is not a symptom of ADHD. That’s just you being addicted to screens. Problem is that these activities which are easy distractions also sap all your dopamine, which as someone with ADHD, you already have very little of. If you want to be able to focus, you need to fix your addiction to going on your phone, checking social media, watching videos about stuff all the time, etc. You’re simply not going to be able to focus as someone with ADHD if you don’t address that problem.  Personally for me, this was a really difficult step, but this - along with getting into the habit of doing things that require focus and don’t sap any dopamine every day - have done more for me and my ADHD than anything else. Obviously it won’t make you’re ADHD go away. But ADHD is not naturally as debilitating as you’re making it for yourself.  Read a book. Meditate every day. Stop going on your phone.
I HATE Vivance, made me a zombie with no appetite
i had a bad experience when i first went on meds. they gave me too high of a dose and i was seein fairies. but i got the right dose now and it’s smooth sailing for when i need it. 💀
Sounds like you need some therapy to teach you how to do the sit down tasks, my doc put it like this: if you get glasses so you can read you still need to learn how to read before you can do it.  Full day medication like vyvanse can be intense, I personally didn't like it (I tried concerta) even if I can get the same coverage with my current meds I don't have to, and I can just laze around until noon and still take them without sacrificing sleep.
i was diagnosed when i was 5 with ADHD. i didn't start taking medicine for it until i was in like 4th or 5th grade. i was put on vyvanse at first with small doses, and it worked out really well! but it wasnt until around covid hit (9th grade) when i kept forgetting to take my meds.. which made the side effects and the effect of the medicine super wonky. i started noticing last year that vyvanse stopped helping me. whether i took my meds or not, i always felt the same. i finally stopped taking my meds around the beginning of this year (12th grade). it's honestly been a lot better, i feel less "funny" throughout the day, but just like you said, im right back to square one. i think i may possibly have autism, but im afraid to test for it and how that will affect my life.
The Mario party 4/6 mini game theme music during the the ad took me back to my childhood 😭😭
i have adhd and i use conserta and it does both really well
I recently stopped taking adderall because it was enhancing my anxiety disorder. I’ve recently swapped to caffeine and exercise and that has worked really well for me recently.
When I was little, my family went out of town and we ran out of my meds. I don’t remember what they were particularly but being without them for over a day started to make me feel just absolutely horrible. I had this weird stomach pain like someone was squishing their hand around in my guts, I couldn’t sleep, couldn’t and wouldn’t eat, throwing up, sweating, all while we were in California during the summer at Disney land with extended family. Little to say I ended up being told I was being dramatic and I sucked it up until we got back. My doctor was very unhappy
My experience - maybe some if it will help: (using ADD and ADHD interchangeability because apparently the hyperactivity dissappear in adults, so the modern idea is that they are basically the same)  I was on Ritallin when I was in middle school, and I had the same feeling of 'if I'm going to be distracted, now I'm distracted harder, didn't know if it was helping or not - however, ADD pills come in a few forms - primarily Stimulents and non-stimulents (also a lot of these are mixed with anti-depressents, more on this later)  However, I was also getting some weird tics - apparently the stimulent pills can bring out hidden/suppressed turettes in its users. My brother stopped, I stayed on, and now I have minor but permanent vocal tics (though they also used to come in the form of eye rolling, smirking and a few other things im forgetting) and he does not. I dropped the pills until after college, and I tried Stratera, a non-stimulent. So I took it in the morning, and I never felt worse in my life. It felt like I was swimming in my chair. I never used them again. Well, I still had problems at work, so many years later I paid boatloads of money to an expensive psychiatrists, and he put me on something that didn't really work. Now i'm on Sertralin -  which is also anti-depressant. Despite my objections, that my worries and frustrations were due to my poor performance from my add instead of from depression, alparently a lot of psyciatrists won't perscribe ADD medication that don't have some form of anti-depression drug in then as well because '90% of people with ADD also have depression' or it's tied in some fashion - however, that also is part of the reason why when some of us get on these pills that they can really really mess us uo. I don't even know if my Sirtralin  works or not. It was messing me up pretty bad- it wasn't until I met with my general practitioner doctor that they explained that I should probably take it at night, not in the morning. (The general idea is that you just need to take it at the same time every day, but it wasn't until my doctor said that it likely causes drowsiness, so it's best to take it at night. I think that may be helping. However, I'm also taking Modafinil - which apparently has a side-effect that may help people with ADD, is NOT also an anti-depressant, and has far fewer negative side effects than the other stuff I've been on. The one thing is that it's a prescription drug, and insurance doesn't cover it, so if you were to go to the counter and try and get some, it's 400+ dollars - that's why I use the goodrx website to get it for a far more affordable 8 dollars.   It's a challenge. And sifting good information from bad is a long hard process. I don't think what I'm on will be forever, I think I might drop the  Sirtralin and stay on the modafinil, but we will see what the future holds. (Note Modafinil is often taken by college students to help them study for tests - it's not it's intended use, but that's why it's prescription, apparently) Good luck in your journey.
The thing is that meds can only do so much when it comes to treating symptoms. It can make things a lot better but it’s not like taking a pill suddenly means you don’t have ADHD until the pills wear off. It just doesn’t work that way no matter how much I wish it did.
I don't have ADHD but I did/do suffer from ADD. It's really apparent now with my higher level college courses where normally I could still piece things together cause I had some sort of knowledge prior but now I'm doing my bio section of my psych career aka neuroscience so hoo wee am I not able to just wing it after having a lapse.
I gotta say ive lived my whole like 31 years with a really hard case of ADHD. I think medications are really useful to teach you what the difference is between focused and constantly distracted. Like you become more aware of distractions. I think i have medicated Ritalin twice for 6 months/12 months and turned it down after that. I feel like it is better for you brain to learn to adapt to the ADHD and shape your surroundings, rather than medicate to be more like a "normal" human. Dont get me wrong, medications helps you get stuff done and can prevent burnout (especially when you do university or such), but they also have big sideeffects aswell. There are other tools that help you concentrate with my biggest one being like meditation and mindful practices. But i have also shaped my life in a way where i can handle without meds (less work hours, throw things in big boxes,...). Also tons of sport and healthy food always helps a lot aswell x3
I thought i was the only one 😭 medicine do be giving us the ability to do 😂. im currently taking 40grams of vivance in the morning and half a adderall in the afternoon WAIT IM SUPPOSED TO BE DOING AN ESSAY HOLY SHI-
I’ve been on concerts for pretty much my entire life and it works absolutely perfect for me.
Fuck ADHD meds bro they absolutely fucked my life for 5 years Cuz I was lost and trusted my Mother Fucking doctor 5 important years "15 to 20" I'm off meds now and yeah basically back to square one but more experience
my medication is weed
Now I’m an visual artist and with adhd I think it made my creativity a lot more active but when I suddenly tried adhd meds, I felt as though that not only was I also focusing on the wrongs things that made me curious but I also made my entire creativity just go poof. Now that I’m off the meds, I feel more ideas coming in, of course I still can’t focus and daily tasks are still difficult, I feel as though that even without the meds I can still manage to do things if I put my mind to it rather than making medication do it for me. In this case, I wouldn’t be sacrificing the things that seem so important. I honestly feel like adhd is something that’s just apart of us and while there is no way to completely fix it (even with meds) it brings out a lot of creativity and intelligence. Even though I might never really fix my lack of focus on tasks, I really think that maybe with a bit of hard work and using your adhd to advantage, it would make life a lot easier than a simple quick fix. I guess what I’m trying to say is, find the positives in your adhd, use them to your advantage so you can overcome the negatives sides. As my mom always told me, there’s always a way! ＼＼\٩(๑`^´๑)۶//／／
I’ve been taking Concerta since I was 11 (now 30). Honestly I think it’s the reason I was able to graduate highschool and go onto cegep and university. I literally cannot function without it (well I can but just very poorly).  My brother’s girlfriend has ADHD and is not medicated and honestly I don’t know how she does it.
Watching these videos i think i have adhd cause my symptoms are 1:1 with yours but i feel like everyone will call me an attention seeker if i ask to get diagnosed lmaoaoao
Bro uve done Adderall and Vyvanse this is all so true
ADHD result of being bored ninety-nine percent of the world has it children suffer from it mostly because the curriculum in school is so boring they can't even stand themselves and then parents listen to doctors and let him put them on those bulshit medications what I've seen with children is CBD or Works amazing has absolute zero side effect and you don't have to spend thousands of dollars on a doctor or chemical pusher me I smoke weed and I'm going to keep smoking weed when I smoke weed it helps my mind to slow down enough that I can absorb what I'm reading freaking amazing
Have you tried Ritalin? I feel like you are much more likely to do what you what to do with Ritalin than with other meds
Adderall definitely helps me control my hyperfocus. Don't let the first few days define your experience though, euphoria is a thing. Also, look into neurotransmitter testing. It can give you a good idea of the underlying issues, and if the medication is helping you balance yourself.
Have you tried Ritalin? I feel like you are much more likely to do what you what to do with Ritalin tan with other meds
I think your main problem is tolerance it sounds like Adderall works great for you you should get back on Adderall BUT only take it the days you REALLY need it you can't take something daily and expect it to work forever my dude doctors aren't very smart and they tell you to take your meds daily THAT IS NOT how it should be done you should take the Adderall at MOST 2x a week
thanks for reminding me to take my meds :D
Vyvanse is lisdexamphetamine or ldamphetamine that's just a slightly altered Adderall lmao which means it's again very similar to meth lmao
I get distracted and put things off a lot when they're not time-sensitive IE: I can finish this whenever I want to. But when it's work-related or important I do them first. Lists help, but I don't think I have ADD or ADHD. I just think life can get very complex and sometimes there's a lot coming at you and you forget things you thought you'd remember. I think being distracted by "easy to finish" tasks is a problem I have as well and they do take up more time than I think they do, but again; lists help this and checking things off help. Still, probably doesn't work if you can easily distract yourself just by letting your mind wander.
Here is my experience with my meds:  I was diagnosed with ADHD as an adult. All of the signs were there throughout my childhood, but my parents and I missed it at every turn. When I was in Middle School, my grades were horrible. I would just not do homework sometimes. If I didn't fully finish it, I didn't even want to turn it in for a partial. I felt like a failure a lot of the time. My parents and I both assumed my grades had become worse due to the loss of both of my(very close) grandparents within the same year, but it seems like that was wrong. It's more likely that the stress just made the symptoms more prevalent.  Even in elementary school, I would often forget to turn in assignments or forget to do them. I had difficulty focusing in class or while reading. I excelled at things that were tactile or gave me a dopamine rush like sports or challenges, while homework and other things where I didn't get more instant gratification always fell away from my focus.  In high school, we still didn't notice or change anything. I was getting bad grades, retaking classes, etc. Not because I wasn't smart, but because I couldn't focus or had no drive to try.  In college, I took a summer bridge course and one of the subjects we covered during that time was learning how to learn. It suddenly clicked while we were discussing this that I learned extremely well using tactile learning. Whenever I performed my best in high school, I was taking notes by hand or really interested in the subject because it was something where I didn't just have to sit and listen to a lecture or read a book. In college, I started doing much better. Luckily, I had taken on a major that had a lot of tactile learning, which was programming. Project based assignments made my life so much easier. I had a clear and defined goal. I was able to see the results of what I was doing right away, which gave me a dopamine rush that I needed to keep my brain interested.  Post-college I am a parent and working as a software engineer. During Covid, I felt an intense brain fog that I couldn't get out of. I'm not sure if it was due to the lack of interactions with others or what exactly caused it. As far as I know, I never had covid or any covid-like symptoms.   That's when I talked to my doctor. They asked more about my history and current issues with focus. After which, they had diagnosed me with ADHD. I did a lot of research and looked at what others had experienced with ADHD and matched a lot with my experiences in the past.  Then I was prescribed a drug called Adzenys XR-ODT, which is an extended release orally dissolving tablet. It makes me super awake within 5 minutes of taking it and gives me extremely good focus during work hours. I started at a lower dosage of about 9 mg(IIRC) and now I'm on 12 mg.  Things I've learned about how my body and mind interact with adzenys:   The lower dosage(9mg) made me feel focused. I never felt jittery(even with coffee) outside of the first couple days when my body was getting used to it. It makes me feel focused and energized. Each time I take it, it lasts around 12 hours. The energized feeling goes away and I'm still able to sleep.   Now, with the higher dosage(12mg) I've switched to within recent months, the drop off of energy is much more noticeable. I'll be good for 12 hours energy-wise, then fine for a couple more hours. Then, it just hits a huge plateau for a couple hours where I'll be exhausted and close to sleep, which sucks because that's usually around when I'm getting the kids to sleep. Another thing about the higher dosage is that I can really just take one every 2 days because my focus on the second day is still there(and there is no drop off of energy like the first day).   Here is what my day looks like when I take it:   First Day(taking meds @ 12mg) 7am take meds -> 8 or 9am work -> 7pm starts to wear off -> 8pm exhausted -> 9 or 10pm I'm no longer exhausted, but am still able to sleep -> 10 or 11pm Sleep  Second Day(not taking meds) 7am-ish wake up(energy is better than normal non-medication days) -> 8 or 9am work(with same focus and intensity) -> Rest of the day has no exhaustion or change in energy -> 10 or 11pm Sleep  For me, I don't feel like I over-focus on any one thing like he mentioned in the video with Vyvanse and it still allows me to fully focus unlike the Adderall mentioned in the video. Overall, this has been a great experience for me. I'm unsure if I'll ever try another type of ADHD medication, unless I'm forced to.   I use it only when necessary which for me is during work days. I take one early morning. You can take 2 a day, but I take one since it can become harder to sleep if you take one later and I've never needed to take more than 1 to get through the work day.  I take a break from it during the weekend or during vacations, unless I really need to think or focus during that time. The `take it when you need it` format suits me better than something I'd need to take every day.  Big No Nos when taking(for me):  - Don't take with coffee or other stimulants. It makes me super jittery, a little nauseous, and can sometimes cause anxiety or panic attacks(same difficulty breathing as mentioned in video). - Don't take it too late in the day. It's hard enough to sleep with ADHD, but this drug will make it harder. The good thing is that it wears off within 12 hours, so it's perfect for my work days. - Don't take it too early and don't use it as a crutch to wake up when you're tired. This drug is marked all over with the potential for addiction. I've definitely thought of using it this way, to just wake me up when I'm super tired, but building a dependency on that instead of getting good sleep is not a good idea. Focus on what helps you get good sleep, whether that be working out, melatonin, listening to music, etc. Whatever helps you get good sleep.  This one works for me and avoids some of the pitfalls I've heard about others.  Always talk to your doctor. Find a good medication and dosage for you that works with your body and mind. This is not a recommendation to take this drug, this is my experience with it and my experience with ADHD.  If you think you have ADHD, don't be afraid to bring it up with your doctor, your parents, or anyone else in your life. For me, being medicated has made my life so much easier. I only wish I had known earlier about myself, my learning style, and potentially had medication to treat my ADHD.
I feel like there's a misconception that ADHD medication is a cure all but after taking them for a while i've realized they are just a tool that calms your brain enough, so that you can learn time management for yourself. The medication doesn't magically make time management happen it just gives you some room in the brain to learn it.
ok but how many people unsubscribed as a joke??? XD not me
I recently had to up my meds and now I'm back to doing well on tasks...as long as I am able to completely finish one task before starting another and if I don't finish the task I get genuinely crabby if I couldn't finish it... Adderall was really bad for me and it made me anxious and I lost a lot of weight, Vyvanse is what I'm currently taking and it works really well for me so far it's just a matter of finding the right meds and finding ways to  trick yourself into being productive.
Help me, i want the source for that cow dancing video please
ADHD medication fucked me up as a kid. Either turned me into a zombie or gave me so many nervous ticks my dr thought I had Tourettes.
I took pills in middle school for my anxiety. It worked the first time but it caused it to become worse and worse so my mom decided "alright enough of that-" because she was noticing more bad side effects happen with my body.
Oh man. I really liked Vyvanse. It works wonders for me because I'm good at controlling that hyperfocus  But after an issue with my doctor, where I couldn't see her anymore, I had to stop taking them after I ran out of refills. The problem is, is that there's actually no way of finding a new GP here??? And I can't get a new psych without a GP  I've been trying for months on and off with no luck
For me it improves focus (I get less distracted) and I encountered exact same gamble: productive or not productive at all. It also turned out a lot of my habbits were centered around adhd traits too and when symptoms got muted they suddenly didnt work 😅
YES. THIS ENTIRE THING. I appreciate the statement "don't focus too much on results." For me, that means, "Understanding your brain and your fluctuating needs is a process and can change."
🧐I request simply a glass of water. 🥛
So far Ive had exactly the same experience. Im 42 this year and its still a hellish journey :p. Ive become productive and found a couple things that work for me now. I micro dose on Psilocybin "150Mg" every 2 days and take a full dose of "Mdma" every 4 months.. So literally once a quarter. The Psilocybin balances out my emotions, Keeps me present and kills my anxiety. Does nothing for focus or organization. The Mdma seems to bring the clarity, Focus, Presence "SNAP" right to where I want to be. I do tha later quarterly and for a month or 2 Im  what I think a normal human should be ? Ive been following this for a few years with great success!!! OH!!!! Probiotics & Kombucha!!! They help too <3  Thanks for sharing your experiences with us <3
Im part of the cool kids club, I’m on ADDERALL😎
Idk if i Adhd or not I just have symptoms sometimes then i dont  Its probably a stress thing
TLDR; Elementary teacher gets mad when the meds she made my parents give me has adverse affects and are told to stop taking them, so punishes me by not helping me in class anymore...  What happend to him at the last part of the video happened to me when i was in 3rd grade when my math teacher forced my grandmother to get me on riddlen (cant spell it) cause she was so angry id never focus in math (but strangely i focused in all my other subjects)   so i took it and immediately i was finishing time table sheet of 30 questions before the whole class, hyper focused on my work but when i got home with NO tasks to do my body felt weird.....   id lay on my bed exhausted but not being able to sleep. Id hyper focus on the textures of my ceiling and felt my blood pull through my veins and hear the air push and pull out my lungs as i breathed...   i was only on this medication for 3 days but one day my gradmother came in cause she realized i wasnt being my normal happy, playing with dolls, and following her around self .   She opened my door and asked " are you alright?" And with that out of breath feeling and hyperfocused feeling pulsing over my body i simply replied "Momo.... I feel weird. Am I gonna die?".   My grandmother was horrified and said "Hell no we are getting you off those pills NOW". I completely understand now that a child has no business saying such morbid things after being on a pill, and maybe i lowkey scared her with how dead pan i spoke it to her.   Needless to say my teacher didnt give a fuck and tried to convence my grandmother to keep me on it despite the affects beacuse " we're making so much progress now." My teacher resented me shortly after and accused me of faking and "trying to get her in trouble" so now shes not "helping me anymore."   She literally helped the whole class and told me to "figure it out" all cause i wasnt doped up how she wanted anymore. Im 26 now still have ADHD but man that was a dark memory for me....
I'm currently in my car, outside of the place I voulenteer at weekly, watching this vid.   :D
.
I take Straterra and Concerta. This video is very relatable. Apparently ADHD medication is like a stream of dopamine. If you stop taking it altogether, your body experiences withdrawal symptoms. The higher your regular dosage, the stronger the withdrawal. My doctor recommended I take breaks from Concerta, but that I never stop taking Straterra. It's worth noting that the meds are appetite suppressant, meaning I frequently skip meals simply because I don't realize how hungry my body is. However, I found that if I am streaming my activities to friends, I am 9x more productive– but if my parents are watching what I'm doing, I'm 91% less productive.
Sometimes this month I'm being prescribed ADHD meds because it's severe enough I'm struggling with important tasks like you but on top of that I'm also being sent to a life skills coach for what I assume is that very reason you didn't like using Adderall & probably the over focus problem you had with the other med. So because of the meds the number of people I need to see went up from 1 to 3. Those being Therapist, Psyche, & Life Skills coach from just Therapist. But yeah Imagine they're going to help me be productive when I have my ADHD under control.
Everyone else: bringing up their life experience with ADHD  Me: what is that song at the start and why is it still stuck in my head
I have ADHD, and I felt the same way with Adderall when I was about to do, but I wasn't able to focus or think critically. Try mushroom coffee, it lowkey works for me but not for long periods of time.
I found that the out of breath thing goes away with a lot of water.
I have been taking ADHD meds ever since I was 6 years old. I hate it
0:01 Poland people: OMG THIS IS A POLAND MEME HOLY ****! Yes, this Polish memic cow from a song about drugs and so this music is a Polish song about drugs XD
I don’t know if this will help, but it may. I don’t have adhd, but I do have cPTSD which can give you very similar symptoms bc one’s autonomic nervous system, specifically the dorsal vagus nerve & certain areas of the brain that are sort of wired wrong.   I’m I retired research scientist (genetics) btw. On YouTube, look up “Wim Hof Vice documentary.” It’s a few years old, but it’s the quickest way to understand.   He has a channel as well. The method is free. It is a 3 part method.. mainly two parts to begin with.  To add weight to his claims (although there already was & is from many many people), two medical scientists won the mi el prize last year for proving Wim’s  method actually works.  Best of luck to you.
I didn’t get officially diagnosed with ADD until I was 21 years old, and it was starting to take an effect on my mental health. It took 3 WHOLE ASS YEARS for me to FINALLY GET SOME HELP in the us school system.
I've been diagnosed with ADHD since the age of 4. And I've been taking various medications since then. Now I'm an adult and I take a daily dose of 108mg of Concerta. It's the maximum dose my doctor can prescribe and I've been taking it for probably at least 10 years.  Back when I was in college, one day I forgot to take my meds. I know I forgot because my brain starts feeling weird when it doesn't has its daily dose. I was already in the bus so it was too late to go back home to take it. And I had a very important math exam in the morning. I was panicking.  During the exam, I read a question, but only my eyes are reading. My brain is not working. So I read the question again. And again. And again. Until I finally answer it. Then the same thing happens with the next question and all the others. In the end, I was exhausted. That exam had totally worn me out. And the other classes I had in that day were all theory classes where you just sit down and listen to the teacher talking for hours. Even when I take my meds, I have trouble listening to the teacher for more than 30 seconds. Without the meds, my attention span drops down to 5 seconds. So I knew that it did not matter if I attended those classes at all, since I would retain as much information as if I did not attend.  So I went back home. My meds have the side effect of preventing me from sleeping. And since they are effective for 12 hours, taking them past a certain time would mean I won't fall asleep until very late and will wake up the next day very tired. So I didn't take them when I arrived home at lunchtime.  Since I had the whole afternoon free, I figured I could game a bit. So I take my laptop and press the power button. While it's booting up, I turn on the tv. I bring up the tv guide and realise that Mythbusters is coming up in 15 minutes. I tell myself I'll just wait for the current show to finish and then I'll watch Mysthbusters. But the thing when I don't take my meds is that my brain wastes way too much energy on trying to focus. It burns energy to attempt at focusing, but since it's incapable of focusing, all that energy is burnt for nothing. So I get tired really quick. And as a matter of fact, I fell asleep on the couch before Mythbusters started.  When I wake up, it's almost 5pm. I wasted my whole afternoon just sleeping. I missed the show I wanted to watch. I turned my laptop on for nothing. And I'm really hungry because my brain already burned all the food I had eaten up in the day. The only productive thing I did in that day was my exam. For which I got 95%. Or A+. Or whatever. I've no idea how my brain managed to ace an exam while it had no clue what it was doing.  So for me, the meds are essential. I couldn't do my job without them. I literally can't sit down in front of my computer for more than 10 seconds if I don't take them. Though I do think they had some bad effects on my body. It increases my heart beat, so I can't drink coffee otherwise my heart will want to explode. I was diagnosed with Benign Fasciculation Syndrome, which causes my muscles all over my body to randomly twitch for no reason. I suspect it's because of the meds, allthough there are no studies that proved that.   Finally, I think it's a personal choice to take meds or not. For me, I couldn't function without them. But everyone's different. I'll always applaud people who can do without them. I'll also applaud people who realised they needed them and took them with the advice of their doctors. Too many people decide to medicate on their own and end up in a worst position than where they started.
that timing on the nord ad caught me off guard
Meth :p
Why are your videos so quieeeet
its funny because i had to change adhd meds a TON and the reason why was since i always had something die off after a bit since my body started refusing my meds and so they did nothing. my first ones after some months just stopped but my current ones worked for 2 years! when i started them they did nothing but now its easy to concentrate on my task! (doesnt mean im not gonna forget the one i really wanted to do more)
This video in its completion is EXACTLY what it’s like having ADHD, 7:55 minutes of really relevant information that brings us back to square one, and here we are 😅 smarter, yet somehow still 🤷🏻‍♀️
The Polish cows song is great
Stimulant meds are really bad even with ADHD. It forms a dependence when you take it daily for a long period of time and if you just casually stop, you lose the motivation to focus on your own. Non-stimulant medications all the way
Thanks for reminding me to take my meds lol
I want snack
WAIT THE HEADACHES AND INSOMNA WERE FROM THE VYVANCE THE DUMB DRTUG RUINED MY CHILDHOOD
Nice
When I heard the symptoms I was wondering: crud I might have ADHD.
Adderall is not meth please can we stop with that!
Oh wow, this is an excellent visual. I can’t imagine what that’s like. I would go crazy.
M
That council of brain cells is just "Yes".
Honestly, like all meds, go through different ones till you find one that fits. Concerta what what I used for years till I built up a tolerance to it.
I always just stop taking medicine, I just always do it, I forget that your supposed to slowly stop
Had a very similar experience with adhd meds. Also tried Concerta, but that just made me angry and irritable.  I now use a combination of green tea based focus powder ( advanced gg) and adhd coaching / executive function training.
i'mm autistic with adhd, i have a med that I took for maybe a month total (throughout the span of like 2020-2022 ish?) the first period i took it (2020) it sucked cause I was in quarantine and doing online school, second time a bit later it worked for about a week, I think it was concerta specifically, and because I was *actually going somewhere and not at my house* and had basically no option *but to do the thing* it worked pretty well and then like the second week it made my heart start doing weird things and I got very anxious, plus it made my stomach cramp up sometimes, and cause it didn't feel good and I already have to deal with IBS because of stress I just stopped taking it it threw off my focus after but I wasn't taking it long enough for it to cause anything bad to happen when I stopped, and somehow i've now graduated early (though that was for a different reason it has nothing to do with this)
I resemble these comments. Uppers like caffeine and Adderall are depressants for me, sometimes i cant focus on one thing to save my life, other times its the type of focus you only find in asperger's and i blink and realize i have been reading wiki pages on biochemistry for 6 hours... All of this without medications and then i get diagnosed with narcolepsy and put on Provigil to stay awake and it fixes half my adhd symptoms. Biochemistry is weird and complicated to say the least. I hope you find something or things that work for you.
Or just be normal 🤷
Didn't realize each brand did something else. I had Ritalin and felt like a zombie while I was a kid. It helped me get through school but parents got it to help me lose energy and focus. Now I can't even remember what happened when I took the drugs except that after I quiet, body was relapsing for a long time. Might still need the drugs to help focus but I don't want them after not existing for 6 years while putting me behind socially.
I took Adderall for most of my life and I always didn't like how tunnel vision I became when I took the medicine. I'm an artist and taking Adderall made me tunnel vision hard on obscure and pointless things in my pieces. So, I stopped taking my medicine without letting my doctor know, and so far I've felt like a cage has been lifted off of my brain. Being a student in college has been difficult without my medicine, I'm torn on if I should continue to stay off my Adderall or start taking Adderall again.
This man just defy death.
This is incredible insight as to why ADHD meds aren’t for everyone. (It’s important to note that they work very well for a lot of people!) You tend to see the arguments against ADHD medication be less practical and more based in unfounded beliefs about how they affect peoples personalities. But this is a thoughtful, practical approach to how medication works for the individual that I really appreciate. A well set example.
i h adhd :)
My girlfriend has adhd, it pisses me off when she zones off into instagram.
Dopamine sent me
Try testosterone replacement and going the gym. You’ll get things done that you want to do in life, with an ADHD mind. It’s fucking brilliant
As a "recovered" medicated adhd guy I can say that probably half of your symptoms can be managed by hard work, and the other half are basically super powers. I know it seems difficult to tackle but I promise you, with practice you can manage a huge chunk of your own symptoms. I'm not saying everyone should go off meds, my case is probably pretty mild, but don't fall into the habit of relying on medications as a replacement for personal growth.
What my doctor told me when I got back on adhd meds is that I had to also put some work into helping the meds work otherwise it wouldn’t do much of anything. Things like making a general schedule for the start and end of each day so I have some semblance of structure really went a long way. The meds won’t do all the work for you it’s not an end all be all it’s more like a helping hand. But that’s just my experience
Holy shit its me!!! Except side story at first meds did also kinda work but i didnt like meds due to something completely unrelated. fast forward 10 years. Need focus tried one med made me fall asleep anytime i wasnt moving... adderrall get shit done woot... focus noop. now not taking anything obviously... Symptoms are bad but medication hasnt really helped me over all. I mean has helped me get shit down but not focus now that you mention it.
Ever got to sit back and wonder if someone is just kinda dumb.
I told my doc I thought I had adhd, he didn't diagnos me but sent me home with 🌠Adderall 🌠 I took it for a few days, around day 3 it hit and I cleaned entire kitchen and I mean CLEANED, but I was so zoned in on it that I didn't notice my body was in pain. I was in the middle of cleaning my oven when I realized my feet wouldn't hold me up anymore, then I realized I had been cleaning for 7 hours straight without a break, I told my doc Adderall didn't feel right for me, I didn't get a second option lol, now I'm just back to bribing my brain with dopamine so I can have a semi clean house and literally anything I need to do, done.
What am I here for?
The more I watch videos about having ADHD the more I think I have ADHD because all the time I have the symptoms of it😭
vyvanse worked for me, it was the first time in my life I was able to do the work that I wanted to. but the prices went UP and UP and then nowhere had it. now it's just a good memory of the past. hope you find a better med that works for you.
I have ADHD too, and i take Ritalin and it worked great so far.
Not me watching this sitting in the parking lot to my appointment to access my ADHD meds-
> Getting distracted 2 minutes in and ending up finding this buried under fifteen tabs later in the day.
What math???? I mean it sounds like you're not saying math instead you're saying like a m e t h, but the subtitle say math?
ADHD is really different for everyone. For me personally, I got lucky that my doctor prescribed Vyvanse first and I've never felt the need to change. It's not the cure to my ADHD it's just a tool that helps. And it helps A LOT especially because with being unfocused I also have really bad executive dysfunction (so before staring meds even STARTING tasks was DEBILITATINGLY hard). For people who may be concerned about the high heart rate, drinking water is CRUCIAL. Dehydration already makes you have a higher HR so I've found that drinking tons of water throughout the day keeps my heart rate normal. I also take an iron pill that has no issues on Vyvanse and I'm a pretty active person. If Vyvanse isn't for you tho, we live in a time where there are so many medications available and you can always talk with your doctor about what is and isn't working for you!
I got here by looking at Pete the cat on the Deviant art and I started searching up Pete the cat show and then I got to your place while I'm still trying to brush my teeth 🤣
Ooof, I have all your symptoms, I think I need to heck it out
Bruh I started taking adhd meds at the age of three! It’s a wild ride
adhd more like it doesnt exist
I don’t know if it’s legal in your area, but weed helps me have complete focus on things without being overfocused, so it could be worth a shot
i take ritilian it's great when i remember to take it
Unsubscribed. Just like you asked. Now what
3rd comment now but I just wanted to point out how happy I am about how constructive this comment section is! Just a few years ago it would have been full of asshats bashing meds and saying that ADHD doesn't exist.
May I recommend to you the anti-planner? My entire family has ADHD and the anti-planner is a huge life saver for us. Consider it perhaps?
As a Polish person I find that so funny when non-polish speaking people listen to the cow video, because the song (made by an artist named Cypis) is actually about a drug addiction so hard, that he's comparing himself to a melting candy bar, he wants to sell everything from his house in order to buy more drugs, but as he realises, he doesn't have anything to sell anymore, since everything is already either taken from him or sold, in order to buy more drugs.
My fiancé has ADHD. He was on so much medication for it that it messed with his body in a very negative way. But because he’s been off meds for a couple of years, he’s been doing a lot better. I can tell when he has ADHD moments, but it doesn’t happen often or difficult to deal with for him. I’m not against medication, but sometimes you don’t need it, especially if it causes more harm than good.
A few tips I got from my mom (she's a therapist that started specializing in ADHD when I got diagnosed): - meds won't help you without therapy (to learn how to use them effectively but also adress any other problems) - ALWAYS eat a meal (at best a fatty meal) directly before you take your meds! - ADDers* often need higher doses or very low doses - women with ADD often need VERY low doses - AFTER CONSULTING WITH YOUR DOCTOR you can lower your dose lower than the doses available (if the meds are capsules containing powder) by diluting the powder in water in a measuring cup or syringe and only taking a portion.  *I mean ADHD of the inattentive Type when I write ADD.  Edit: Before, I didn't explain that I meant the inattentive subtype and that you should talk to your doctor before changing your dose. Thanks for the remarks!
This is why medication management + counseling is important (good medication management).  Meds don't help fill the skill deficit. They are supposed to normalize the abnormal brain activity (Mainly in the frontal lobe).  People with ADHD use alternative strategies to best manage their  distractability and hyperactivity.  These don't necessarily translate into good skills for more normalized and stable behavior.  Then there's the problem finding a good counselor (Which very few people understand) and is often treated the same as finding a good doctor.
I 100% relate with the memory istg I can’t remember names for anything but i can spot you if i know your face from s mile away
I was just diagnosed and Im startin vyvance tomorrow and I oop
I take Elvanse, which is working great for me.
haha same
Whatever amount NordVPN is giving you, it's waaay too little ahahaha  Your ad breaks are the only ones I enjoy watching 😌
I rewound this video to the beginning 3 times now bc I ended up getting preoccupied....
With the shortages, pharmacies kept mixing different types just to get something out the window. So it ended up absolutely amplifying ADHD symptoms, so much so it became dangerous. Went cold turkey and will never try it again in this current environment. It's a shame because I had 6 months of great progress.
I was gonna comment something about the video but then...does anyone else think cars shouldn't be allowed in cities?
So I’ve been on and off Focalin for nearly my entire life. It has its pros and its cons. Pros being you’re a lot more in control. It also only lasts for about three hours for a 10 mg pill. And it gives you that sort of hyper focus, but similar to Vyvanse where you have to be doing what you need to do as it kicks in or else you’re just gonna be distracted on something else. However, taking it nearly my entire life, I know how long it takes to kick in (40 minutes on an empty stomach). Now cons: it SKYROCKETS my anxiety. So I only take it as needed. My psychiatrist recommended get off caffeine if you’re going to have a day where you need to take the meds. So that’s what I’ve been doing. I should also point out, and this could be the case for nearly every medication, but sometimes they’re duds. Meaning it won’t do anything. And I’m hesitant to take another within that three hour timeframe because what if it hasn’t kicked in yet and I’ve got two in my system and my anxiety is through the roof. Other than that, great video!
I have been taking concerta for about 6 years now and I can absolutely say that it makes a difference. I have ADHD (without the hiperactivity but idk the name in english) and I always struggle in class and exams. My parents when they first heared about medicatios for this they first rejected the idea but after my psicologist and doctor insisted they agreed and the results were fantastic, but one thing you need to have clear is that the medication DOESN'T do the work for you, it's just a tool to help you, same as my therapy and school adaptations. The only problem my meds have is that i don't want to eat (which is a big problem), is like my instinct of eating just disappeared, and i always eat a lot even if im not hungry. Well idk if this helps someone or not, but feel free to ask me any questions you have about ADHD (which is not only hiperactivity or having a hard time to focus), I'll try my best to answer and sorry if this was too long haha  Edit: It was nice to see how many people liked this  comment and I'm glad that i could help in the comments, even if it was just a little. I also want to say that if you or someone you know is having a bad time, please, try to get help or talk about your problems/worries, Adhd as i said, is not only hiperactivity or the lack of concentration, it can lead to anxiety, depression, problems with drugs and many other bad things. ADHD, autism or other neurodivergents are not "mentally ill" or sick, they are PEOPLE which happen to function different as non-divergent people do, yes we kind of have our "superpowers" with hyperfocus or many other "skills" that "regular" people lack off but If I had the choice, I wouldn't want to have ADHD and feeling everyday that something is off with me or that im  dumb or not enough. You are enough, having ADHD or not and we need to start treating humans as humans.  I hope this also helps and if not sorry if it was too long 😅
Headfirst parents  https://youtu.be/TfpZGlosp1E
I have a love-hate relationship to my meds. Mostly because I have a lot of side-effects, but at the same time I can't really work effectively without them. So I'm constantly trying to find a balance between not getting anything done and having a dry mouth, elevated blood pressure and little to no appetite. The side-effects were even worse with Adderall so I switched to Yvanse.  A great tip I got was to lower my dose on low-stakes days.  Eg I might take 20 mg on a high-pressure day and 15 mg on the others. I split the doses by opening the capsule, diluting the powder in water and only drinking 150 of 200 ml.  Also, I noticed that I feel very depressed on the first day of taking my meds after I've gone without them for a few days, so my psych prescribed me a few pills of instantly releasing Adderall I can take on days I forget to take my Yvanse in the morning.
I've been diagnosed with ADD since the third grade (I'm turning 30 this year) and I swear by Vyvanse, but I know it doesn't help everybody. Adderall was the first medication I took and it completely altered my personality and destroyed my appetite throughout the other half of elementary school and middle school. You might want to try Strattera, it's a lot less dangerous and less expensive since it's a non-stimulant. You have to take it longer to feel the full effects but my friend with ADHD took it and loves it. Hope this helps!
u got overprescribed for sure, its rllllly common :(
Average Ice Cream Sandwich W
I relate to this too much, but because most this this community (primarily Gen Z) keep faking adhd i dont want to come out because i will sound like and idiot 😭
Don’t forget to unsubscribe!
I also have adhd. I know and feel your pain. But as of lately i have been getting incredibly good at resisting the urge too just watch outside instead of listening in school and exet. Still sometimes the adhd wins and i get focused on something random or just ignore everything around me.
being polish and seeing polish cow meme on your channel brings me joy
I got through my academic path thanks to pharmacological help, but the thing is... If you don't have a task, ADHD meds will not be helpful, it took me two years to realize, I thought I was essentially worthless, I changed medications various times but I came to the conclusion that it's  not the meds, meds are a crutch, but if you are unwilling to walk a crutch is just wood. I slashed the dosage to the minimum and I started to do contact sports. It really helped. This to say, it's up to you to steer your life, I know it's scary, butt it's also the big thing. Hope you all get better, I'll see you rambling in the streets brothers!
My experience with ADD-- sorry, ADHD meds (I was diagnosed way before the two were merged) was with Straterra. It helped, but too much. I was able to focus on whatever I needed to do, but when I didn't need to focus... I couldn't *not* focus. Literally, going from one class to the next, where I can normally let my mind wander and think about interesting things, devolved into "go to the next class... go to the next class..." It was terrifying. I felt like a zombie. As soon as I noticed it, I stopped taking them.
Stop medicating. Let chaos reign
i’m on concerta and have been for years. i tried five other meds before finding this one so sometimes it just takes a little trial and error :] my experiences on vyvanse and adderall were basically the same as yours
No kidding brother, I have ADHD, but to be honest, I actually prefer my ADHD self because of the chaotic energy and personality I have inside. But when school comes around, I take my medicine (50 mg vyvanse) to help me concentrate. The medicine causes a loss of appetite for me (the reason why I’ve been underweight for all my life [19 now]). But it helps with focus, but I prefer not taking it if I don’t have to because of the cons of it, just me personally. The medicine also hampers me somewhat in my creative abilities, because my thinking before I act is also improved(concentration on surroundings and situations). As I’ve grown, I think I might have outgrown the effects (both pros and cons) of it a bit.
Took Vyvanse from the third grade to the ninth grade. Do not recommend if you have many hyperfixations.
I started taking meds for my adhd since 3rd grade but some of the side effects that I had were that I had were that I couldn’t relax when the task was done and it made me super focused on a task and i could never relax when I as done with a task it was very annoying and it stresses me out
I have adhd aswell but I can't take medication because I get all of the bad side effects of them
I hate my adhd meds
The intro part would’ve been better if he pulled out pills instead of a hammer
What’s the song the cow is dancing to?
i take stratera and latuda and they both work wonders  but i also have autism with severe adhd mania and ocd tendancies so im alot more fucked up
"the ability to be able to" is such a good way to put it, lol.   Dyanavel for me! 2 months, and it has been life changing!   It's really interesting you mention the breathing thing, I occasionally get the desire to yawn or take deep breaths, it feels really similar to being out of breath, but almost like a tic.  Early on it was really distracting and uncomfortable, but luckily for me it seems to be subsiding as a symptom.   Good luck on the journey!
Welp, you heard him folks. Unsubscribe. I did my part. You should too.
Please, what is cow song
yup.. confirmed, ADHD is definitely better than depression.. 5mg of medication.. i have to take freaking 20mg of medication..
Definitely need my ADHD meds to keep myself focused at work. Without it I cant do anything. *insert ragdoll with gmod prop collision here*
This is me, but with my anxiety and depression meds.  I tried TONS of them, but I would end up with very similar symptoms: moderate dizziness, weight gain, mood swings, and chronic (and "sudden") digestive issues.  Trying to deal with that *and* take care of 3 kids was not an option. I decided to just get off them completely.  I have found some med-free options that work for ME even though I still have episodes here and there. Thankfully, I'm a lot better than I used to be with the help I have gotten from my therapist.  ...I low-key think I might have ADHD though, but I have yet to be diagnosed. honestly, I am not really bothering much with it because I don't wanna go on the meds so I kinda don't see a point.
I've been through several different ADHD medications all of which did not work. But I noticed that when I took Anti-depressants I could focus better. It turns out that childhood trauma symptoms even in adulthood can cause focusing issues which can be mistaken for ADHD. So instead of me getting more ADD meds I think I'm gonna start taking anti-anxiety medication and see how that goes.
I got adhd ur capping it’s not that bad , just kinda normal fuck the meds
Unsubed
In my own experience, I used to take Concerta, but I found after a solid few years of taking it, I grew a resistance to it? Happened halfway through college, started losing focus in the middle of studio classes and would just start drawing random shit on my animation papers lol
try ritalin, it worked on my adhd
I was about to click the like button but _dancing polish cow_
Why does everybody have ADHD these days? Distracted and unfocused etc could be symptooms of anything, i don't want to be determined how well i sit still and do as im told. Icecream sandwitchman big pharma salesman fax! Love ya!
good video ADHD
ADHD meds, in my experience, are great in helping you focus but terrible in helping you focus on what you need to do. That inevitably comes down to willpower, which can be lacking when you’ve spent much of your life unable to focus.
it is hard to get diagnosed once you're past 14 beacuse the doctors assume you just want some free drugs for cheating on tests or performing better at work or something   but, let me put it this way  the plan was for me to go get a haircut, go to the hardware store, drop by the office for something real quick, do some shopping, and have the laundry done since yesterday evening, I also was supposed to get a passport photo taken today  what did I do today? went to bed too early, got up at 3am, realized I didn't do the laundry and started 3D printing stuff and doing all sorts of things, I did none of the things I was supposed to do....  what was I talking about?
4:58 but legal meth ;-; (but on a serious note yeah, some of them you gotta watch out for.) I've been taking Strattera for ages now it does oki i think, most of my issue is motivation now a days buts a long boring life story thing, not the adhd x3
Don't forget to unsubscribe- WAIT- g9t me on the floor laughing 😂💀 btw I in fact have adhd I take pills but nothing happened bad except that I'm not hungry when I take them but I just force myself and when the effect where's off well I just eat like a lot so I'm good👌
Ffffuuuuu*! I need a doctor now! These symptoms are very relatable. "Just concentrate." is as helpful as being told to tammel.
I take by vyvanse and have for years
i have ADHD
I take Strattera for ADHD, it's basically Adderall without the amphetamines (meth) it's worked wonders for me!
Oh yeah, never just stop taking your meds without consulting a professional. My meds can cause extreme anxiety and what is know as brain shocks or brain tremors.
I have both ADHD and autism and I can say that I’ve had a similar experience with medication. I started taking medication to help with my focus back in 3rd grade. At that point, my parents thought I only had ADHD. This medication was helping me, and I started doing really well in school, but I needed more. Much later, I got tested for autism, and I was diagnosed. I’ve changed medications a few times in the past, and they’ve had different side effects. Some made me focus but not enough, some made me exhausted at the end of the day, and some gave me headaches. I did find one that works for me, and I’m still taking it to this day. I still struggle with it, and I can’t seem to focus on the right things, but I know that’s something a medication can’t fix and I need to work on that on my own.
I have ADHD and I just never really cared that much
ive been doing ritalin for 2 years now and it helps me be more quiet and focus but not overly focused
No but the more of the story is for me is If my mom tries to put me on ADHD meds I run❤
I hate how accurate this is, because I've been diagnosed with ADHD in my whole life.
I struggled with ADHD for the longest time in middle school. I tried medication too, but nothing worked. My mom did some research and it led to a diet change. We cut out gluten, artificial stuff and  preservatives, and as much dairy as we could. Studies shown red 40 dye is also a huge ADHD trigger, which is random but very very true for me xD It helped tons with my hyperactivity, as well as improved my focus. It's not a 100% fix, I still get flares and some days are worse than others, but its far more manageable for myself. If I were to take medication it might be that extra bit to further reduce the symptoms, but me and meds have a history lol. I always recommend this kinda diet to people who express struggle with depression, anxiety, and/ or ADHD, especially since overall it's just healthier in general
Adhd is not a disease or not necessarily a disorder even though it is in its name. It's simply a different kind of brain. It's something quite common and could be very good. It's society that doesn't fit with this way of thinking. So the best and necessary thing to do is actually understand yourself, your needs and learn how to control your brain and use it in a good way. Of course things like studying could be very hard but people with Adhd have many other abilities and perspectives. Medication is not something required and should be used when there are serious problems like neglecting oneself, in these occasions is probably not Adhd on its way. Love yourself amd understand and cherish your uniqueness, good luck with your "adhd" brain even though it' hard!
I was on 10 milligrams of Adderall a day for 6 years when my ADHD was bad, it doesn't really help.
This is actually something I gone through am still going through still. Right now I am on a medication that is working for now, but eventually I will probably have to change medications again. This a VERY relatable video to say the least.
Its actually crazy to think that we are taking meds in order to survive all the unatural taks given to us my society
i have adhd too
Just gotta feel it out, you'll get there! It's different for every person (unfortunately). My bro and I are on VyVanse (which we still call meth) and it works for us, but it can have some pretty adverse effects!
I watch Ads in HD.
I have "self medicated" with a consistent and unhealthy amount of caffeine and energy drinks. After realizing that I have ADHD and there are other ways to feel more normal I am all down for any med even if it is basically meth.
what song cow?
I gotta try meds again… I think I had too high of a dose my first try
i have adhd, the meds i ended up taking for it (not at once) was strattera and daytrana
are you having a great time getting meds due to the nation wide shortage cause I am
But true
I took Vyvanse too I am taking Adderall
I refuse to take meds. Can’t medicate your problems away, best solution is to try resist getting distracted and force yourself to get into the work you need to do. I find that good habits repeated regularly makes getting things done feel a lot easier.
Vyvance and adderal are two very potent drugs, I highly recommend stating with something lighter such as Ritalin, Concerta, Focalin or Attent. Obviously consult your psychiatrist first
2+2=🐟
I have some symptoms of ADHD, although they're not fully ADHD. My biggest issue I face is switching from one type of media to another. i.e. Watching ytb and then *wanting* to read a book, and I procrastinate, lose the thought that I wanted to read the book and eventually I forget about the book.
Speaking from experience here, never take Ritalin, unless you want to feel like a retarded zombie for a day. For an even more horrible time let them overdose you like they did me.
That tracks. The truth is that meds can't take the ADHD away. They are only a tool to help cope, and if you aren't better with them, it's not worth the risk.   Also be careful that fatigue symptom sounds like a heart issue. You should get that checked out because stimulants with a weak heart are really really bad.
My experience with ADHD has been a very long period of me just testing psychological methods to deal with the lack of focus since i was a kid, and eventually I simply had to realise that my focus just worked differently than the norm and instead adapted my work and mind to my focus. So instead of trying to hyperfocus on one single thing, I allow myself to have something else in the background going just to cancel out the noise in my head, and if i feel like i didn't catch the full meaning I simply have to resort to going through the material again. Eventually I just learned to reabsorb information when I needed it and ask people to reiterate when I didn't catch what they said, which has helped tremendously with just being able to function day to day.
This is me
What really buggs we are all the people that self diagnose because they have similar character traits. ADHD IS NOT a character trait. Its a chemical unbalance in the brain (ADHD brains have low levels of a neurotransmitter called norepinephrine.). In fact you CAN have all these character traits but not because you have that unbalance, but because its part of your character which you gained in many other ways. Hyperactivity is not the disease ADHD itself, it is just a possible symptom. Just like moles can be a symptom of skin cancer, but that doesnt mean it IS. It could just be part of you, which you gained in another way.
mood
I just deal with my symptoms cuz I'm a man I ditched my medication when I was 7 years old cuz it made me feel like shit now at 25 I run a successful drywall company eat shit big pharma
This song at start is from poland😅
There is no such thing as ADHD, it was made up by Big Pharma to sell you more products and you fell for it.
After mine gave me depression , and in the words of side effects on the back of the bottle, and overall feeling IMPENDING DOOM. I also stopped taking them.
They ran out of ADHD medicine where I love so now I struggle at school again
I have adhd, and no one at work or at home understands that i mentally can not hold my focus on something that isnt in my interest for more than 20 seconds. very frustrating
Polish cow (btw I from Poland)
As the thousands of responses have already said, I have ADHD too and I feel your pain man. It can definitely be quite the struggle. I have been on a medicine that work’s spectacularly for me, if you’re willing to give it a try and do see this. It’s brand name is Evekeo, it can be pretty pricey, but I have yet to hear a bad review about it. To whoever sees this and is struggling with their ADHD medication journey and has the funds to get Evekeo, I’d urge you to give it a try.
do you know what schnitzel is? if don't pls check it out (it's food)
ADHD is like being high everyday since birth, i know because i got ADHD
i personally take equasym retard in a lower dosis than i technically need bc i like th results of it but the side effects in the higher dosis are too much. so i take less & just hope & pray i get everything done on time & din‘t fuck uo the rest of my work day haha   i could try other meds for my needed dosis but i like the way it works. i can focus, do my things but i still got a little bit of my ✨sparkle✨; meaning i‘m not a completely different person, i‘m just focused
Gabba amino is good for me personally
I have also the problem that there is so many things that spark an intrest. So i want to learned about 10 things at the same time.
Ok so what’s the name of the video with the cow…
All of this. Felt 10000000%
Stuff like this is why I do not want to get tested. Legit. I don't wanna be stuck in the hell that is trying out random medications for the rest of time. Which would be my situation. Since I'm still functional, it might be tough to find that boost to normal brain since I've learned over the course of 24 years to cope with it. Also don't wanna microdose meth. The other issue with ADHD is that it's not like a disease that bombs a normal brain in to being abnormal. It's literally a different way of thinking. Your brain is totally different and operates differently. You need to be able to learn how to use it rather than fight it.
I might not have ADHD But trusth me, DSA is basicaly what is happening to you, watching this video was a costant "oh yeah I know THAT feeling"
Number 15: Burger king foot lettuce. The last thing you’d want in your Burger King burger is someone’s foot fungus. But as it turns out, that might be what you get. A 4channer uploaded a photo anonymously to the site showcasing his feet in a plastic bin of lettuce. With the statement: “This is the lettuce you eat at Burger King.” Admittedly, he had shoes on. But that’s even worse. The post went live at 11:38 PM on July 16, and a mere 20 minutes later, the Burger King in question was alerted to the rogue employee. At least, I hope he’s rogue. How did it happen? Well, the BK employee hadn’t removed the Exif data from the uploaded photo, which suggested the culprit was somewhere in Mayfield Heights, Ohio. This was at 11:47. Three minutes later at 11:50, the Burger King branch address was posted with wishes of happy unemployment. 5 minutes later, the news station was contacted by another 4channer. And three minutes later, at 11:58, a link was posted: BK’s “Tell us about us” online forum. The foot photo, otherwise known as exhibit A, was attached. Cleveland Scene Magazine contacted the BK in question the next day. When questioned, the breakfast shift manager said “Oh, I know who that is. He’s getting fired.” Mystery solved, by 4chan. Now we can all go back to eating our fast food in peace.
UnMedicated me was really hyper, talkative, extroverted, like really in 4th grade i flipped a desk on a kid on accident. Now im chill, introverted, not really talkative, and tired all the time
woah
I have BAD anxiety, but also ADHD, and we tried Concerta before treating the anxiety bc we were wondering if the ADHD was causing it. The Concerta made me so anxious,,, I felt like I was having a near constant panic attack. I was so focused on wanting results though, that I kept trying it. Eventually I told my psych and now we are trying different stuff but yep thats no fun
I have no idea if this will help you or if you will see this, but I personally take strattera which is pretty much purely focus and not physical stuff, but for me im actually able to change tasks and get on track while taking it instead of getting stuck like you have been, so just a suggestion although every medication works differently for everyone.
Instead of meds, I took about 3 or 4 years of therapy when I was in early primary school. From those days onward I have only failed 3 school related things in over 10 years. I still get distracted sometimes, but I've found that if all audio is absent or I'm listening to non-lyrical music when doing a task, I seem to focus way better.  There was a brief period before this were I was using meds, but as a result I was unable to sleep most nights, constantly feeling like I was drifting around in the ocean, I didn't take them anymore and instead got therapy, which worked rather well.
This was such a malicious thing to post during a national adderall shortage
I also have ADHD, I talked to my doctor about it and she told me I should take medication, I did, and now I am still a disaster, but less than before. Also I started with Concerta but now I take Elvanse, it is a bit experimental, but it works good
As someone with ADHD and the impulse control part of it, I struggle sometimes like if I am off my meds and I have an intrusive thought I’m likely to turn that into an intrusive action.
Why does this sound AGGRAVATINGLY similar to autism. AHH, hyperfixation freaking sucks when all you want is focus ON WHAT NEEDS DONE.
I have adhd and this is relatable
As an ADHD haver who uses Adderall, spot on man the trick for me is to get the mental effort out of the way early so doing the thing is trivial. Like if I'm doing coding I'll give myself plenty of unmedicated time to think about different solutions and approaches then once medicated I'll only have to execute on the plan. Good luck in your journey and meds side effects suck ass
Im on concerta.. 18mg, for me  it makes me focus, and productive, but i fkcus on something else, then i get addicted to that one thing, then i get like, severly depressed... then i stopped taking them, got more depressed, started again, get less despressed... then it went downhill from there.. mpre depression and the thought of wanting to overdose because i think thatd help me get rid of adhd..
Medikinet works for me. A relatively small dose. Especially now that I've been on it for a good while I notice it doesn't really change that much. I still procrastinate and feel physical pain trying to focus on uninteresting things, it's just less intense. More manageable.  People like us just need to develop our mental fortitude and focusing skills, find methods that work yanno. I always work better if I have both an active and a passive thing to do. Such as listening to music (passive) while writing an essay (active), or scribbling (active) while listening to a professor (passive). Discovering stuff like that about ourselves and finding ways to use it to our advantage is how we can get away from the destiny of a confused blob.  Mental and physical health are also a big part of it. Meds will never solve all of your problems nor are they supposed to, they just give you a bit more boost to be able to work on yourself.
I have ADHD and had Concerta for at least 9 years. That shit is strong. I remember taking 1 hour to finish all the homework for the day that my classmates had to take from 2 to 4 hours. I never got lost in thoughts, seemed like I was a statue whenever I was not doing homework and the teachers told my parents that I always new what the lesson was about even if it seemed I was not paying attention. It was helpful in that. However it had major secondary effects. I almost did not eat, as I did not feel hungry; I did not find the need to talk about my problems or how was I coping with school and high school (I was being bullied, but never told anyone until I stopped using the medication because I didn't feel the need to) and whenever I forgot to take the pill on the morning (meaning I would have to wait till the next day because if I had it in the afternoon it will take away hours of my sleep), I would feel useless for the whole day, because I was incapable of doing the simplest tasks from the school. My mum always tried to make me stop taking the meds after I reached High School, because she was concerned by my "zombie" behaviour. I finally stopped taking them at the age of 15, as my mum convinced me that I could be a working person without them. Turns out she was right. I have now finished my translation degree and have been specialising in teaching to one day be a teacher and be able to give parents advice with ADHD kids. What worked for me may not work for others, but to have an opinion of someone who has experienced the same challenges tends to help a lot, as well as telling them the "good" side of using meds and the "bad" side.
I tried a bunch of adhd meds as a kid, and none of them worked/had good effects. In the end, we found that caffeine worked well enough as a depressant. I still had to/have to work at it to stay focused, but the caffeine helps a lot. Been 18ish years, and it's still all I take
As someone who had taken both this is accurate i stopped taking Vyvanse due to how drone like i was becoming to the point i was missing med checks vs days i didn't so i just stopped and ive felt normal ever since
nord vpn? more like nord stupi-en
I take concerta  At the beginning I was supposed to take it all days but I felt that te effects were bad if in constant use so my doctor said to me to take it only on important days like exams and It is working great
I recommend 20 mil-grams of Focalin (thats what i take)
Damn bro that sounds crazy.  So uhh, where'd you get those meds from exactly?
2:30 more of an organization and discipline problem I had the same thing just be organized
this is true i also have ADHD but I also have medication
the amount of people that unsuscribed to the channel bc of the end must be hilarious
Your experience with Adderall sounds exactly like my experience with Xaggitin (knock-off Concerta). I can do more PHYSICAL tasks but can't focus. Adderall isn't legal in my country but my psych is putting me on Elvanse (Vyvanse's other name) this week so fingers crossed it helps. I'm surprised they didn't try you on Concerta, since it's pretty different to Adderall and Vyvanse, it's a methylphenidate while the other two are amphetamine based.  I hope all goes well with figuring out how to navigate your ADHD, I'm in the same boat with you :D
The ting that you have is not adhd it is probably a misdiagnosis of a low level autism  /Asperger  I have adhd  and  autism   But your sintoms Maches more autism
ADHD for me is a fuckin rollercoaster
why are you not supposed to stop taking the meds? im a daily vyvanse user and when my school is on break for a week or something i stop taking them and i feel fine
is it just me or the audio in this video is way to low to hear anything?
Your channel is probably the only one that I dont skip sponsored parts
Welp I have been on methilfenidad and concerta since I was 7. And meds are not a cure! It just makes life a tad bit more bearable as a neurodivergent in this world. But I always suggest it to my friends with ADHD, because if it works it could really help you out a lot.
Holy hell, very relatable, thank you! I should probably call my psych as well😂
I had the first experience, really good at doing things, but no difference with focus. I took Concerta. But I also got shaky and couldn’t eat so yeah..
for me ive found that lifestyle changes really help with ADHD if you don't have access to meds. body doubling is my best tool, having someone to help you stay on top of your projects and tasks is a big help! also 123GO! great method, basically the second you think of doing a task just go "123GO" and get up to go do it before your brain can shut the idea down
So. I was diagnosed with ADHD at a very young age. Like. At around 4 or so. I first got Placebos. Didn't work. Then I had medication that I just took because my mom said so. Tho it made me sleepy, very boring and I didn't really have any feelings. Not positive and not negative. I took this until I was 17. Only after I told my them Girlfriend of 2 years about how i felt she said I should go tell my doctor. Well. He said that it isn't good that this happens and you should have told me earlier. I tried a bunch of other meds that all just had weird side effects that brought me down a lot (so far that I now have severe socal anxiety). Well. I am 19 now, moved out and am struggling with my socal anxiety without medication because nothing worked for me.  Personally I feel better than with medication. Yes I do struggle I life. Yes I do have a lot of problems. But instead of feeling ill or feeling nothing, I feel good things. I only really felt love after I dropped my medication. I only really felt sadness after i dropped my medication. And I also only felt real self preservation after I dropped my medication.  To everyone out there who struggles with ADHD. You will never be able to get rid if it completely. Yes medication can make it better but it can also make other things worse or dissappear.  Work on yourself before trying to take a pill. If it doesn't work. By all means take em with medical advice.
for vyvanse.. i was stupid. but just.really fast.  also super angry for no reason at all. just death stares for everyone like i was about to stab their eyes out with my eyes.  The thing is, it would have been the best medication if it weren't for the fact that it made me emotionless besides internal rage. and also just making me think waaay too fast
Yo yo ADHD and gifted here, I'm currently hesitating on taking medication because I can't function, especially with homeworks and all but I'm scared because as a gifted person I also have arborescent thinking and idk how to think any other way I'm so scared of becoming useless because I just won't be able to think anymore.. I have this mate who's gifted as well and when she took medication her mind was like restarted and she couldn't even add 2 plus 2  Anyways if anyone is in the same case don't hesitate to give me your thoughts 😭 Though I'll probably talk about it to my neuropsychologist
Don't worry, you'll get older and forget loads of the thought that distract you.....
When you’ve taken all of these medications it’s very easy to relate to this video. I’ve taken adderall, Vyvanse and concerta. Concerta worked the worst for me and only made me tired all the time, adderall was very hyperactive focused, and Vyvanse was a very calm focus that could get me from a to b. Every medication works differently but honestly most of the medications I took worked the same as how the video expresses. 😊
Back to the low quality vids 😂❤❤❤
Here adhd with medication, I still sad vivance isn’t in my country good for you you have it, it was mu perfect medication **crys**
I got ad hd and when I’m in class the teacher is talking and I zone out to a world of thought the I Remmeber I’m in reality and I feel so real I tell my feinds and family but nothing much I could be waking and I get in to deep thought then I realise im in a different room doing something I wasn’t doing before it’s weird ad
Frrrrrr
I was literally diagnosed a week ago and I'm 20. I thought I jast had bad attention span:(
polish cow is awsome
I like adderall, even if its meth for kids. I only need a little of it to avoid sitting in my bed for 3 hours doom scrolling and I don't get any side effects. I feel that going for a quick walk while taking it helps for the tasks that require mental focus so I'm sort of still doing something with my hands/body. Vyvanse made me want to actually murder people. It was very strange. Like I was just kind of angry at nothing?? And angry all the time. And ready to bite strangers. And the lack of proper outlet for my ghost anger turned into headaches every day.
Lol so relatable bro
i was just watching polish cow, wtf man
I just got diagnosed with ADHD last year, but it still just feels like I'm not able of getting stuff done.  When you have ADHD, but are not able to take/test meds because other health issues or else, it is just like receiving the message, that something is not right and you will have problems with that all your life, but can't do anything against it and can't really see or feel if it is true, that you have it.
Desoxyn is the very best adhd med
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę za zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę za zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Ja pierdolę, ale mam zjazd Nie chwytam gwiazd Jak kłoda leżę Nie wierzę Co się dzieje Jak kura z głodu pieję Jak wilkołak do księżyca W głowie dziury jak ulica Przed twoją chatą Rozpuszczam się jak baton Który leży na blacie Zejście jest jak nie wciągacie Bracie kurwa ryj mi krzywi W głowie burdel jak w TV Mnie nie dziwi taki stan Brak towaru, w myślach ćpam Radę dam albo nie dam Wszystko kurwa z chaty sprzedam W sumie mam już przejebane Wszystko jednak jest sprzedane Ja pierdolę, same długi Kinol jak u Tabalugi Dzień drugi bez walenia Gdzie jest wąż? biała chemia Jebane zejście tak wykańcza Jakby w chuja dziabła cię szarańcza Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Chemia party, chcę na narty Do dilera a nie w Alpy O żesz kurwa, chyba fiknę Jak w nochala nic nie psiknę Tak bardzo chce dotykać gwiazd Ale nic z tego, bo mam zjazd Totalne kurwa mega zejście A marzy mi się smoka wejście Masz hajsy? Ci też zalegam? No to chuj, dziś już nie biegam Chcę mieć kopa jak pantera W krechę nie ma u dilera Już nie na pewno nie Chyba śmierć rozkłada mnie Nic nie przełknę, mam dreszcze Kurwa mać, ile jeszcze Będzie trwał ten stan? Śnił mi się koksu van I hery gram tak dla smaku Chcę się wozić w Cadillacu Myślami po znajomych biegam Lecz każdemu coś zalegam Odpada opcja pożyczki Bo przycinam jak nożyczki Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Syf jak na Discovery Chcę wystrzelić jak z giwery Chcę hery i inne bajery W nosie pustka słychać szmery Macie numer do Gargamela? Może u niego w kotle jest hera? Wiem głupoty pierdolę Ale nie ma nic na stole A w kieszeni jebana pustka Przydała by się w totka szóstka Albo chociaż jakaś czwórka I bym leciał jak jaskółka Jak pszczółka maja Do ucha śpiewałaby mi Kayah To są jaja, no nie wierzę Wygięty leżę jak zdechłe zwierze Gorączka w kurwę się nasila Poharatany jak dupa fakira Jak zdzira wymiętolony Leżę kurwa rozpalony Hej, Johnny, chciałbym posypać I na łące jak królik brykać Ale cały czas ten zjazd Usycham jak wyrwany chwast Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz
The amount of banger songs Ive written because I was medicated and had an unrelated assignment due the next day.  Productive Procrastination Pills.
Looking for best meds is horrible >A< It took me a long way to find best antidepressants. And I also had those really bad symptoms like difficulty in breathing.
I have abhb and i have pills
Concerta works for me and gives me focus as well as the ability to change between focussed topics, although too much makes you feel like a zombie
I did Concerta for a while, and it did help me focus, i HAD to be doing something. I was also very apathetic and not very social at all. Hopefully you will have less negative side effects if you try more.
This basically sums up google's entire marketing strategy and explains why so many people are looking for not only alternative search engines but giving up on YouTube. There is only so much CAPTURE MECHANISM that anyone can take, coming and going, regardless of if they have ADHD or not. Sadly, the fat cats sitting atop the gateways of communication and information just don't care - they'll keep regulating the machine until it grinds to a halt. They're all too concerned with the pennies they have squeezed out of everyone to realize that people are sick of getting squeezed. So, pass it on to the next pyramid n00b and pull the ring on that golden parachute. Rinse, repeat.
Bro we get a stat boost when we take medicinal drugs
As my friend described me when I took adhd meds compared to when I want on them I wasn’t completely there and wasn’t my usual self and I would say it kinda felt like being trapped behind some wall that has no reason being there
I'll unsubscribe later, but first I have to subscribe so I did that, then to unsubscribe later I need to go do some other things for a while... uh oh.
It strikes me that it has only been two months since your video. Which means you've not spent too much time on your medications. Vyvanse took me a few months to get right, but I figured out how to work with it, and it's now given me so much benefit.
DON'T USE NORD. It uses HDD caching. Use Express or Surfshark or some with Ram caching
Damn son. My experience of 50mgs of Vyvanse atm is like 2 to 3 hours of decent brain function and no distractability but then back to no focus and no brain power to solve complex tasks. Then the axiwty sets in because I'm suddenly aware that I'm not solving comex tasks and making plans.  Trying to stay calm and make notes of my experience to report back to the psychiatrist and psychologist.   Got to remind myself not to be hyperfocused (lol) on results and to be kind with my own progress on this matter.
I got distracted and just went to search the polish cow video. ADHD confused... i mean confirmed. worth coming back... couldn't cm from getting distracted without putting a pizza in the oven. cheese good😘
I obsess over forgotten thoughts and YT videos that I couldn't read the title of before the YT page refreshed on its own.
My experience with anti anxiety medication was that I took them, but then I started feeling NOTHING. And honestly, that was worse then feeling bad all the time... so without telling my mum (I was 12 atm?) I quit cold turkey. I had no adverse affects :)
I was on Ritalin from the age of 8 to 13 I think.  I was so torn the whole time using it. It took away my appetite, I was under weight always, I was a strait A student and considered a very well behaved child. I dropped it because I felt kind of not real while I was on it. went to average grades, while I wasn't a perfect student I was still one of the better ones and I was able to build social connections easier.   I'd consider going back on Ritalin now.
😑.....I'm starting to realize some stuff.....I feel uneasy about it.
Ha! You are good person on right place. I mean it is really good.  (I heard long  sex is good to for adhd)
its funny because the song in the intro is about depression and drug adiction.
"Dont forget to unsubscribe"  me: ok
i relate to the experience of having felt like i needed to be doing the right thing when the meds kick in and being frustrated with the meds getting me close to what i wanted but not all the way. that’s exactly it though; i realized the meds aren’t supposed to fix all the symptoms or make you not have adhd. you STILL HAVE  adhd and all the habits you built because you’ve lived all your life with adhd. i’ve found (at least for me) it’s a combination of the habits and accounting for the adhd—trying to use my meds to help me to build new habits while keeping in mind the Way That I Am. which is a lot easier said than done but
I think I might have mild ADHD. My sister has ADHD but i haven't gone to get tested for it
I once saw a post that's said people with adhd dont have a train of thought, we have 7 trains on 4 tracks and all the conductors are screaming.
Im supposed to be doing homework🎉
As someone with ADHD I always need something different to happen because I can’t focus.  Your video help a lot with that and I find them relaxing ty
I've never had to take medication for my ADHD, and as a result, getting anything done is a bit of a hassle. I've never actually talked to anyone about it, and it's getting to be a bit of an issue.
YEEES, POLISH COW AT  THE BEGINNING. Feeling  pround <3
I find it Ironic that I was doing my homework, wanted some music, and now im here. I forgor to take my meds today.
as someone with adhd, trying to listen to someone talk to you about literally anything, even if you are interested in the topic, is like trying to listen to someone across a hallway with tvs covering all the walls, and all of them are playing different things.
I use Concerta
Ask your provider for guanfacine (or methlydopa, or clonidine) you may be experiencing hypertension with adhd meds as they are CNS stimulants.   Adhd meds don’t help much with your intention and thus behavior. It primarily helps you achieve whatever you were trying to do before taking your meds.
Having adhd is lowkey fun as fuck because you can be the life of the party but you also have the option to take a pill and get shit done!
This is a good explanation of the experience. Impressive how you manage bring nuance to the drug topic.
Hey this is a PSA for anyone considering medication I HIGHLY RECOMMEND getting a genetic test to see what medications you may have a bad reaction to beforehand. this can help prevent a lot of issues early on rather than later.
bro, I was diagnosed before the last ADHD video was out and now two months later I still don't have my meds in :(
Kiedy skończy się ten stan gdy już nie będę sam powiedzie biały węgorz
I love the detail in the brain that one actually gets the correct answer for 2+2 immediately but isn’t noticed since they’re all talking at once 😂
ADHD by itself is manageable. ADHD and ADD together. It's a limbo of being Hyper focused and Hyper Unfocused at the same time and it feels like you're gonna implode.  Thankfully I take Ritalin and Concerta for both. FUNNNNN. (talk to your doctors kids)
sᴀᴍᴇ ʙʀᴏ
Currently watching this to avoid doing task A
the audio on this was so quiet, i had to turn up my headphones, video and voicemeter all the way to max to get a decent volume level
i have adhd, i didnt take my meds for about 6 weeks, i havnt eaten in 4 days and i dont know whats happeneing
I currently use a math derivative thingy, basically aderal but cheap. It does exactly what you say it does; it helps you get your stuff done, but it completely clogs and syrupafies your brain into being unable to think or be creative. Honestly, my solution is to accept that. I can't be creative when the meds are working, so I'm not. I do productive 'tactile' tasks like cleaning and grocery shopping. Then they wear off in the afternoon (because I forgot to take my second dose as usual). After that, I switch to thinking tasks. However, focus does still remain an issue.
i have a feeling i DO have adhd cause i keep getting distracted  like im supposed to be doing art cause i was bored, i look into pinterest for inspo or something i can draw on then i just wander into memes, randowis comics, art comics, cats, memes again, then i stop, remember what i was SUPPOSED to do, and then get sidetracked again  also have the habit of forgetting after a couple while, something really important then it evaporates into nothing   i think i should check that out with a psychiatrist lol
For you Americans. You need to be VERY careful around medication for mental issues, you overdiagnose the shit out if everything so be well aware that your diagnosing standards are ridiculously low and you give false diagnosis just as often as not, do not medicate if it feels like just a label.
So so far I've only taken Concerta. When I first started taking it in highschool it worked pretty great I felt focused and I got things done. The only side effect was I had 0 appetite and lost a lot of weight...but hey people gave me compliments so that wasn't too bad.  But then in college the Concerta stopped working, or maybe I just went through so many stressful things my first 2 years of college that it didn't matter what meds I was taking, it just didn't work.   I developed BED and gained a whole bunch of weight. Much more than I ever lost. And so now body was totally different and therefor I needed a different medicine dosage.  I tried a higher dosage and it definitely worked but like waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too much. It was exactly like the rocket thing he described. I just got super into doing one thing all day long.  Rn I'm unmedicated and I'm doing ok. I get good grades in school so I'm chillin. However, I do feel like eventually I should try another medication because I still don't feel super productive. I do procrastinate still even if it's less than I used to. I do still get distracted. I do still have tasks that don't get completed like...my laundry's been dirty for a week. I'm wearing my last clear pair of clothes rn and I need to do my laundry tomorrow or else im going to be wearing gross dirty clothes.   ADHD is a pain in the butt. I also have high functioning ASD so that's reaaaaal fun. Cuz the parts of my brain sometimes fight with eachother. I am somehow an extremely impulsive and an extremely cautious person at the same time. I am somehow really energetic and also have 0 energy at the same time. I am somehow super socially anxious and easily overwhelmed by people while also being a person who rambles on and on and really enjoys talking and writing at the same time. I somehow find learning new things interesting while also just having one very specific interest and having no desire to pick up new talents at the same time. My brain is fuckin wack...
Most if not all ADHD meds made me aggressive and destructive so I had to stop taking them all together for the time being
i get ya man. I have severe adhd and honestly I cant bother with meds. everyone is different but they often seem to cause as much trouble as they fix. especially when taken from scratch as an adult as we have somewhat adapted to life with adhd and thus medicine can quite often result in hyperfocus when taken even before we account for side effects.
I used meds for like 8 years but afther a year of using meds I got very depressed, I didn't stop because I was like 8 at that point and didn't know I could stop. So afther 7 very depressed years and multiple attempts I stopped using meds and now I am happier
I started on adderal as well and felt the same but mainly stopped because of it ruining my appetite. I’m now in concerts which works longer and also helps me actually focus on mental AND physical things. Meds are good but they aren’t a miracle. They help push you in the right direction but a whole lot of adhd is getting your habits right
I have pretty severe adhd and have issues with an insane amount of hyperfocus, but only in things that are interesting, i.e. being stuck on writing rules for a ttrpg for THREE DAYS STRAIGHT. I also know someone who ended up with a temporary semi-psychosis because of how the adhd meds affected them. It was a super rare side effect, but it reminds me that you need to have people to check you if your mind is a bit off.
Vivanse is also just Meth. Its a derivative from amphetamine :))
The problem I had with taking ADHD meds. (specifically Vyvanse off my experience). Is that I felt lifeless to everyone else around me. I would never have a good conversation with anyone just a bunch of "ok" and "cool" single word quotes. When I did activities I wouldn't be enjoying it with others. just a hollow emotionless shell that's good at focusing on what to do. personally couldn't deal with the meds anymore because I was unable to talk to people casually and enjoy experiences with others. Meds are helpful, but they don't help everything so be mindful when you take them because I feel like it shouldn't be a daily medication.
Thought from someone who is not a medical professional but who does have ADHD and has done a lot of learning to try and manage it. Meds are great if you need a short-term crutch. However, to really make things work, you ALSO need some good tactics and habits that don't rely on the meds. One gets you functional, the other keeps you functional, and more often than not, you'll need a bit of both.
Its to late, no going back
Oh no don’t get me started in Vivance. I’m pretty sure when I took that drug it messed me up. I only took it once when I was 5, but it gave me insane mood swings, tons of random crying, and extremely vivid hallucinations that could be viewed at from all angles. It was awful.
Bro got the only sponsors I won’t skip 😭😂
So this is kind of crazy, because I also commented on your getting sick video about the tingles that couldn't be diagnosed and just randomly went away. I've been waiting for your ADHD update for a while, because I also have bounced from Adderall XR, to Vyvanse, back to the Adderall. I'm currently on leave from work waiting to see a cardiologist because I have the same out of breath feeling (how you feel a good tired after a run, but its not good because you didn't actually run) when I literally try to do anything that is not sitting on my butt. However, I have heeded the advice of my doctor and not stopped any of my current meds. I'm going to talk to my docs about pausing my medication, but I'm going to leave out the part about how the reason I'm asking is because of a youtube video that is animated with a character who looks like a hand with three fat fingers.
so i have both ADHD and some ADD. from the time of 1st grade all the way to 8th grade or so. i had been on over 2 dozen meds for it and most of them did nothing for me at all. but the one that worked the best but gave me the worst side affects was Ritalin. i was on it for more then 8 years and at the age of 15 i was only 90 pounds because of the meth in the drug. i told my mom that i was NOT going to take this med because it made me feel horrible. im 20 now...and i have major trust issues when it come to proscribe meds. even when i got on my insomnia meds 2 years ago. it would take me 5 min of preparing myself just to take it because i was scared of the side affects. conclusion of this is that adhd meds can work wonders but they can also really mess you up if your not careful.
I have ADHD and I love being medicated, the only drawback is the anxiety increase and weird feeling. But like it’s very helpful. Although many other ADHD people I know hate it.
I was on Concerta for a bit, but it often made me feel deflated. Like- yeah I could do my work, but only unreliability and in very small bursts. It stunk. I didn’t initially want to take Adderall *cough*meth* but it worked better for me in the long run so I figured I should take what works best for me regardless
you gotta make sure you also take multi-vitamins and other minerals that ADHD medications deplete in your body. I had a similar experience with Ritalin, and yeah felt like I was physically weak and ass'ed.
God. I can relate to this a lot. I'm currently in the "do not ever do this" phase and thankfully no adverse reactions but when I was taking them my heart was racing like CRAZY and not just feeling like it was but actually measuring it and seeing it spike to 140 while eating breakfast and just sitting and thinking I was having a heart attack, it's scary when your meds don't work for you or the side effects are too intense and between the ADHD and the "cures" it can feel pretty stifling :(
I have struggled with ADHD for years, I was diagnosed as a kid but as an adult I havent gone for another diagnosis because I am so scared that medication is going to change either my body or who I am mentally. I like who I am, I've learnt to get by with the ability to think about 10 things at once which sometimes cripples me but usually enhances me with the ability to multitask. I am always exhausted because im not sure if that's just because I dont rest enough, who knows.  The best way for me to describe what ADHD is like for me is this -  Imagine you are in a car driving down a quiet country lane, going over the hills and through the trees. Got it? Enjoying the journey? Well im my head there is a 3 lane traffic Jam with cars driving down the wrong way down the road and planes flying over and there's a clown there and a whale is beached on the side of the road a-    that's what its like and it never ends lmao
I take vyvanse and I have the same adhd. I'm innatentive too and vyvanse works great for me. but of course it's different for everyone
A note regarding medications: Generally, it's best to ask your doctor how safe it is to go off-med when you receive the medication. Not just because you might want to, but that classifies your urgency for whne you forget to fill it.  As someone with your issues, ICS, definitely explore more options with your psych! It sounds like you made real progress - you figured out options that didn't work for you and why. God knows I'm still not sure if my ADHD meds are a placebo effect. Good luck!
Music and a few psychedelic journeys have helped my ADHD more than any daily meds. My brain still rolls through topics and ideas nonstop but I'm much better able to flow with the river as I feel it. I set constant alarms to remind me of what I need to do and I do my best to enjoy my mind but recognize when I'm letting it dictate me in in unproductive ways.
My adhd makes me lose memory and things what do I take?
Adhd on meds here. While the meds are there to help resolve the underlying cause of symptoms, the meds will not magically resolve the YEARS of ingrained behaviors that we’ve developed while trying to survive in the world.  Say I’m the captain of a giant powerful ship who struggles to get to where I’m going because of a faulty rudder. Because if this the “usual” way of sailing a ship doesn’t work for me, so I learn my own creative way of steering while working with the faulty rudder. If after years of doing this I suddenly have the underlying issue fixed, it will be physically possible to sail like everyone else, but behaviorally I’m going to have to relearn how to sail the whole thing.  Ergo, meds will help fix the hydraulics issue that’s messing with the rudder and making it impossible to steer. But I still gotta learn how to sail.  In cases like this adhd meds are best paired with behavioral therapy / skills training to learn how to steer the ship now that it’s working.
I failed my first semester of college lmao. I talked to the on campus therapist, and she told me in discreet words that there are some students that traffic medication to help focus, reduce anxiety, depression, etc. It’s really sad that people have to “traffic” these.
Maybe try methylphenidate (ritalin generic I think)? That’s what my girlfriend is on and it does help her focus. I’m not sure if it’s the same as that one that caused your problems though so def talk to your doctor. Good luck friend!
As a kid I got prescribed Vyvanse and took it for probably 5 years but It made me so unbearably sick and I didn't notice any of the benefits my mom claimed to see. I later tried Adderall and stopped it after 6 months because it did absolutely nothing so now I'm also back to square one
I got ADHD im obsessed with the dancing cow now is there a video of it by chance? "edit: FOUND IT!"
LOUDER!😑
Take ritalina / metilfenidato
brother the way you described your day is exactly how my days go and now im wondering if i have ADHD.
Would meditation help? Maybe focusing on tasks to improve adhd symptoms would make it easier. I don't know. Not a professional also don't have the diagnosis.  EDIT: constant stream of thoughts is unhealthy in itself, and in meditation you just don't think after a while. I personally liked to imagine turning off my thoughts as TV turning off as a kid and focusing on the static. And when thoughts creeped in anyway, turn them off like TV.
ok i did it now what 7:50
you might be able to cope with a B12 vitamin for physical activity, and Ginseng or Ginkgo-tea for focal-activities: it may also be worth remembering the whole brain-mind isn't the problem, it's just that dopamine is used by every organ-tissue in the body and each system uses dopamine resources differently and independently; bodies steal dopamine from brains to reduce pain, maintain normalcy, ignore irritations, but brains need it for every modern mental process and discipline.
The adderall shortage is really messing me up. Adderall only kinda helps me. It’s better than nothing
Boy do I love trying to sleep when taking a late Ritalin, just brings me so much pain until it wears off. And they I have energy, so I gotta wait for that to go. 💀  Also tell me why instead of Ritalin it auto corrects it to ritual- should I be concerned?
honestly, my adhd sort of feels like having hella tabs open on google and there's music playing in one somewhere and I just can't focus. I've been medicated since I was diagnosed (teenager moment) and I honestly don't know if i'd be able to cope being off meds due to the length of time I've been taking a prescribed dose. i have to take afternoon meds at lunchtime at school, and I've noticed that when I've had days off I'm more prone to irritation, migraines, and sensory overload. this is all amplified due to the tism.
I have ADHD too. I can't remember the name of the med I take because my parents are always handling it, but it helps a lot, I can focus and do things more easier, but every now and then I have to fidget with something to keep me focused. But it really helps with school, and if I didn't take my dru- meds I'm pretty sure I'd be claiming on the walls like Spiderman ;-;
Favorite part is here 1:07
I think you should try to get in touch with Connor Dewolfe
The first day I started using concertas to fix my most of my adhd problems, I was in aw by how much i finally could do right.  That same day I just asked myself "Is this how it feels to be normal? This is amazing!".
The comments section really puts a spotlight on how much of a struggle living with ADHD is no matter what your age, and it shows how much it sucks. Its nice seeing that we all suffer the same way and struggle with the same things; it shows none of us are alone.
I have been on vyvanse for 11 years, body builds a dependency on the meds after a while so you start feeling sick without them.
Ultimately The med is just a tool. You gotta actively work on your tasking process to get better results. That's just my opinion. I have all the symptoms you talk about and skme others  but i was diagnosed with anxiety and depression only. The meds helped but working on myself is the harder part
The problem described at 6:50 sounds like anxiety or panic attack. I always described it as feeling like I'm holding my breath but I am breathing. So glad to hear it went away when you quit taking the medication!
I have adhd + adhd
Without my meds I wouldn’t be getting best grades in class mine is also basically meth. METH CLUB. Also I barely ate in primary school because of meds reducing appetite and food was shit
Could you suggest me an app that does support butt protection?
I started taking meds last year and at this point I just take them sporadically (which is bad I know) but in the end I feel like it doesn't even do anything. like, yes they make me focus in general but they don't motivate me to do the work I actually need to do. I just end up working really hard on something that doesn't have any relevance to my work. also the chore thing was super accurate- on meds I could get a day's worth of chores done in a few hours but trying to sit down to write an essay or read a book still made me want to rip my hair out. at this point I feel like it's a brain wiring thing that meds can't necessarily fix. hopefully I'm wrong though because one day I'd love to be able to sit and do something calming like that.
I have adhd and I take 1 Methylphenidate and 1 risperdal in the morning at 4 pm I take 1 Ritalin and like at 7 or 7:30 pm I take another risperdal note I take the medikinet variant of Methylphenidate
I like the trumpet analog it honestly sim a it up pretty well, all the medications I was on made me sick so I don’t take meds anymore.
This video make me think that I need to pay attention better to how my meds affect me;;;; I’ve never really thought about it;;
No bc fr. I’ve been taking ADHD meds for over a year now and it has been a JORNEY to figure out what works for me😭
ADHD sucks most of the time but, if you can learn it’s strengths, it’s pretty pog. Writing is amazingly easy when you can imagine entire stories, characters, worlds, etc, on the fly.
Bro I switched to Adderall and at FIRST I was taking *30mg* …but I felt like that wasn’t *doing* anything!!!! So I talked with my psych and she was like: *”Bet, take two” SO NOW I TAKE 60 FUCKING MILLIGRAMS OF ADDERALL, SLOW RELEASE WHEN I NEED IT A N D   30MG OF QUICK RELEASE AS A “BOOSTER”* (again, when I need it) It is so wild to me that you were taking 5mg but now I’m thinking that I’m the weird one;;;;
I got prescribed cool guy meds 😎 (it’s adderall)
You should have tried concerta instead of vyvanse
I’m at this point just collecting the adhd meds. So far I’ve tried Concerta (first day that I took it got terrible headaches so automatic no) ,did vyvanse for a bit and after a while it just stopped working completely, Started taking dynavel (new fancy medication wow) and currently taking it and it works well but now I have to switch to adderal because the price of dynavel went crazy high and my family can’t afford it. 👍 got to love the American health care system
Me after watching Ice Cream Sandwich for a few years: Wait, you *didn't* know you had ADHD? Your videos are crystallized ADHD in pill form.
this video is super quite :\
I take ritalin, they're like non addictive so you can totally just stop taking them without probs. I frequently forget to take them and all that happens is that I'm unmedicated that day lmao  I also don't take them on weekends since I don't have anything I need to do on weekends.  Had to start taking my meds on the bus on the way to work since I kept forgetting tho.
Hey Ice cream sandwich I meant to mention it sooner but if you haven't already there is a really helpful YouTube channel called "how to adhd" it might help you learn better skills to make it easier. I learned a lot about myself and my own ADHD that way. Good luck dude and I hope this was helpful.
Hey noodle as a person did take lots of medication growing I'm aware of the symptoms you were having But honestly medication isnt the solution spreading out task throughout your week is a better solution to get what you want done and get it all done at once try to make the world smaller in your mind our brains tend to forget that the whole world is not our problem Seek the calmness in life noddle But will take time you have to adjust to it make a schedule for yourself on the days you feel most productive After that it gets easier
guh
I tried meds, got sweats and a racing heart, stopped meds. I just manage symptoms and live by it. My life is a little chaotic, but I get stuff done.
Your friends comments on Vyvanse vs Adderall aren't entirely accurate. Vyvanse is also an amphetamine, it's just attached to an amino acid so must be metabolized/digested in the gut before it's available, that's it's time release method. Adderall has half instant release and half coated to be released around 4 hours later.  Vyvanse also has more central nervous system affecting amphetamine vs Adderall having half CNS and half that affects the peripheral nervous system, so sometimes it can be less extreme like your experience with Vyvanse.  Then we get into the non stimulant class like Strattera and off label use Wellbutrin. Works for some people, just bad for others.
I took Concerta as a child and the severe side effects made me suicidally depressed, but I started it at such a young age that I didn't know that wasn't normal  So uh...be careful, but yknow if it works for you that's awesome I'm happy for you
I just straight up stopped taking my Vyvanse cause it destroyed my gut lol
I will say… Medication, a metric piss-ton of caffeine, and a hyper focus is amazing as someone who welds and does woodwork.   (Sorry for the language, it’s a vocal sting because of my ADHD)
why is stopping taking the meds bad? I use concerta and my doc actually recommended that I always have days in the week where I don't take meds. So I always make sure to not take my meds when I don't have much to do that day.
hey kids, random pharmacy tech here to simply say: a lot of adhd meds (that are controlled meds) are amphetamines, which are stimulants. adderrall's generic is amphetamine-dextroamphetamine, vyvanse's generic is lisdexamfetamine, ritalin/concerta is methylphenidate, etc etc etc. there is a huge variety of ADHD meds and that's why you gotta try things out. it's an unfortunate side to taking meds. it's like trying on a sweater, except that sweater is directly responsible for your health and wellbeing. it can be vvv difficult to find something that works but your providers should always be doing their best to find the right fit for you, including therapies and other non-medication options. a combination of consistent, coexisting treatments can do wonders. meds aren't always a fix-all, but they can be a valuable support in your treatment.
I take Focalin
Dexamfetamine is my jam. Helps me with everything. Concerta is the long working version of that stuff. Love it   Don’t use it every day though. Only 3 out of 5 work days or so.
i would ask to get diagnosed at this point but i dont think my parents would believe me
I have ADD now, Aderall is somewhat of a life saver for me. I dont take it every day and I dont know why lol, its just another part of my ADHD.
is it just me or the video extremely quiet? check stats for nerds. it says -18.6 db for me, which is extremely low compared to most videos which average out to -3 to -5. i wonder why this is?
Why not take Adderall and the other medication at the same time so you can both focus and do physical tasks without getting distracted while also focused.
I also use vivance
I’ve got ADHD and am currently on vyvanse but have been feeling for quite a while that it hasn’t been working properly for me.. and YOU JUST MADE ME REALIZE WHY!! And perhaps why i’ve also been getting nearly daily headaches and not feeling well the past few months. Hmmm..
I like that dancing cow in the beginning.
bruh i told my parents i think i have adhd because i'm unable to focus on any of my classes and my homework and they just told me to focus
I recomend ritalin it helped me a lot
I have ADD whisk is basically the same exact thing except, I have no energy. Now I have other things that contribute to this but still, I’m constantly zoned out, tired, and lethargic. I never want to anything fun, just get the work done and do what I want on my iPad. I never want to draw or play games, read, or sit down and listen to a podcast. It requires a great deal of energy, and planning for me to get motivation. But even with the want, the motivation, and everything all planned out, I’m out of energy. I get insanely excited about a few things but then loose most if not all of my steam during or after it. Sleepovers kind of suck because, I’m happy to play and talk, but then after like 3-4 hours of doing stuff I’m sick of it. Then all I want to do is go on my iPad and just watch things to recharge, but I can’t because that’s rude so I’m just stuck half-assing conversations, games, etc because I don’t have the energy for it. So then I start tuning people out because of my lack of motivation blablabla you get the idea.
a loaf of bread a container of milk and a stick of butter
As a Polish guy with ADD adding "This" cow in particular, is making anxious an distracted from the actual video 🤣
Hearing all these other people’s stories about their experiences with meds makes me feel so lucky that I got good results from my meds on basically the second try. And second try was just increasing the dosage from the first try! I’m currently on Adderall 10mg, diagnosed as an adult the summer of 2021.
POLISH COW
I don't know if I have ADHD but I have been diagnosed with depression and burntout. Doing other things that for God's sake *I'm not supposed to do* is way too relatable. It's horrible, I can't focus and I have many things to do and I wonder if medication can help. If they kinda worked for you I may have to try that because the medication I've been taking for years does nothing now.
I was on Biphentin(?) for like a year straight and it was perfectly time as it was my senior year in high school, but one of the side effects was intense nausea for like a week and a half :')  Meds are so weird, like some do wonders, some absolutely destroy you, such a gamble
Now I can't stop listening to that cow song 😭
fellow adhd f-90 here, i love my legal meth <3
Im pretty sure 90% of humans in the modern generation have the symptoms you listed
I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 5 or 6. But it was Aspergers and bullying... 🤷🏼‍♀️
I...I just realized how lucky I am to have found the right medication so quickly...jeez..
I’ve always been worried about my adhd and my meds, just cause I’m too childish to swallow pills I take it with OJ every weekday morning just as like the powder and I’m worried I’m not doing it right
For the record Adderal is NOT “just meth”. That’s actually a harmful misconception
So like its not normal to forget peoples names? Even the people you live with or meet everyday?? 😥😥
I currently take Vyvanse! And oh boy i get the sleep thing, if i take it to late in the day it makes my sleep SUPER inconsistent, its both harder to fall asleep, and after i am alseep i wake up every two hours and it sucks BUTT The out of breath thing im not sure ive experenced? I may have but whenever i am out of breath its usually because of my binder ;A;. It might also be because ive been taking ADHD meds since 2nd grade & thus my body might be more used to em but IDK.
I am a teenager and I have adhd on meds and my class is beyond me- 😶
I was medicated as a child with Ritalin. It ruined my life and my mental health. Now I am an adult on vyvanse and it has significantly improved my life. Theres so much more to adhd than I ever realized as a child. It really made life difficult. But the meds they give these kids are way worse than any struggle. These meds are basically legalmeth. Not good for young smooth brain. Good for old wrinkly brain
fun fact that song you start out with is the polish cocaine cow song... its about doing cocaine
So you're saying I should get Adderall 🤔
This is me
0:01 love the kyoresu version of this
I’ve been in a very similar boat, i have severe ADHD and I took madication for it in my childhood, I don’t remember the medication but I had bad reactions as well. I didn’t take it for long becuase it made me have mood swings and whenever I was on it I didn’t feel like myself. Stopped taking it soon after I tried to run away for little to no reason(didn’t make it very far, obviously 🫤) I’ve never talked meds since and still live with ADHD to this day.
polish cow
I started thinking at a million miles an hour just to get anything done
Strattera is what I use try it out
as someone with ADHD i take concerta and I have been for a year or so now and at first it was a hard adjustment because (in my experience) it raised my heartrate and made me really jittery (also huge pupils lol) but for some reason the extra hyperness made me stay on task better it was weird. i also found out that coffee has a similar effect on me so when the meds wear off but i still have stuff to do / late classes it gives me an extra push to last me however long.   also not sure if its related but I'm also on prozac for anxiety so its possible that has an impact on my experience
THANKS FOR WATCHING!!! DON'T FORGET TO UNSUBSCRIBE...WAIT!!!  LOL Also, My ADHD IS interesting. SOmetimes, I just forget I exist and in the next 2 seconds I question everything and then I realize, Oh wait, I gotta do a thing. so yeah
vyvanse induces a manic productivity phase in me where i can kill god while doing 30 other tasks at once its a hell of a trip but when it works it works
As someone who wasn't diagnosed until their early 20s, I'm very lucky that I had a psychiatrist that was willing to keep working with me until we found the right pill/dosage for me. Turns out 50mg a day of Adderall IR works best for me, though I went through 4 others and a slew of different doses on each before I got here. It can be a long and tough journey, but honestly finding the meds that work for me has been pretty damn life changing.  Just want to put this out there for any of you that may be feeling discouraged and feeling like ADHD meds aren't for you. There are so many options out there!  Oh and also, for me personally IR and XR versions of the same medication had completely different effects. So even more options for ya!  But of course please don't experiment on your own, only do this under the guidance of a medical professional (which I am not, just a fellow adhd-er)
...  Honestly?  ...  Accurate.
My experience with meds was the same but I took them when I was in a bad mental space and began abusing them and experiencing rage so I fully quit I’m debating seeing a doctor about other options now though bccccc I’m not in the same mental space I was back then
pro tip: don’t drink caffeine on vyvance then run bc you’ll practically die
I was in class, started watching this video, juggled focus between this and class, paused this video, started watching alec steel, finished class, now I am commenting on this video. Yes, I have been diagnosed with ADHD.
Where is that cute cow video from? I really want to watch it.
What’s the song in the beginning?
And they say he’s still tied to the chair listening to his sponsor over and over
when i started meds, the first ones i tried just made me really angry all of the time
Bomb :]
I take Vyvanse and for me it really works, it’s like magic i didn’t really understand just how bad it was until I started taking it, it sucks that you had a bad experience with it
Honestly vyvanse works really well for me but everyone is different
For those of you suffering from ADHD( me included) I just gave a panel presentation on it. I'd be happy to share with you what I went over. The link I will provide:https://www.youtube.com/live/1ytDRMK-U_s?feature=share  FYI I don't think I'm a great speaker but here goes nothing.
I was hooked on video games and youtube when i had ADHD, I'm talking Old School Nintendo / Sega Genesis Games, and early minecraft videos when i was young
I take meds bc I have mild ADHD :,) I still deal with it heh-
My mom is taking me to a doctor+therapist because she thinks I have undiagnosed adhd and I think this video is just proving it furthermore… I relate too much
Maybe you need a non stimulant, I love Vyvanse but it’s a stimulant.
I need to know what the video at the beginning is 😂 that was oddly so much fun to watch! Sorry, my brain got super distracted… sounds familiar 😅
“Stinky inky bad”
Yes! Adderall didn’t help with my memory at all, and it worked with focusing for me but not with memory
i have ADHD and i was prescribed amphetamine salts that shit made my eyes fucking wide and i would tweak out of my mind and the reason technically and im sure people already know this but amphetamine salts is basically a few chemical reactions away from being meth and i had to go take a drug test every year to make sure i wasnt dealing that shit but i did stop taking it because i didnt like the way it made me feel also it makes you stay up i remember the first time i took it we were working out a dosage and i took the first pill the dosage was a little high and i stayed up all night and watched the starwars trilogy but in the end it did help me focus so it worked
vyvanse: weaponised hyperfocus adderall: Just Do It (Selective) Ritalin: Rattlin' all day  and ye side effects is a bitch, I've been on a dozen or so different meds, anxiety based effects are utterly godawful if they happen  The best meds for adhd imo simply take the edge off the impulsivity and distractability. It's still hard to do things that are effort. But if it helps you get started, it's better than nothing, so long as the side effects don't come at you with a steel chair  Good onya for giving it a fair go.
I have adhd
👍👍👍
the audio mix for this is so quiet
All the medications are just so finicky. Vyvanse is especially bad because it’ll keep you up, and that vicious cycle you went into is all too relatable. Sounds like you probably got hit by the snowballing appetite suppression, dehydration, lack of sleep, plus amphetamine stimulation that hits so hard. I bet if you took a minute to get a good nights sleep, solid meal, and drank water, you’d see the difference and see how quickly it can spiral if you don’t take care of all that.  Despite your warning, for such a dangerous stimulant drug class, ABSOLUTELY stop taking it if you ever at any point feel that way, especially with heart problems. You can literally die just by doing normal things while on it if you don’t know what you’re doing. If you tried working out in that state, your heart could give out. Your body knows when somethings wrong, listen to it.  Like far too many students, I found my ADHD more and more debilitating with increasingly more absurd deadlines for mountains of dry textbook readings. I found myself reading an entire page, just to get to the bottom and not remember literally anything I had just read. For the sixth time on that page. Those crazy productive days make it so enticing, but it always ends up in that hit or miss cycle gambling whether you’re going to finish all of the semester’s work in one night or make overly long winded comments on a relatable YouTube video instead of studying and not sleep, showing up to your exam the next day looking super cracked out.  Hefty read, but I’m just so glad someone else touched on this. All of my friends who have been diagnosed didn’t get medication until higher education kinda necessitated it, but then we all had the same kind of fall out with it as the side effects got worse and it became more and more of like a weird addiction where the high we chased was being a functional, productive member of society, but all too often got meth head instead. Been without it for a year this month, and I definitely feel healthier and my behavior isn’t so sporadic, but I’ll always hear that little devil voice saying “Just take some, you’ll totally get the productive part and not the hyperfixate on why cucumbers are actually fruit part this time. You want to be productive, don’t you?”  Stay focused out there, boys. The day may soon come where they will need someone able to click on every successive hyperlink on Wikipedia until they’ve visited every page on the whole site, and we’ll be ready.
Gotta love the hyper focus
RITALIN GANG RISE UP
1:33 bro’s about to have a serious headache from this lol
As someone who was on antidepressants for a while and stopped waaaaay more often than not it will be a BAD time. Don't do it!!
I'm prescribed meds but they never actually had any affect on me. Idk if I just needed a bigger dose or if my ADHD was too minor to notice a difference or what, but I haven't taken them in years
I got an add for Oreo icecream sandwiches while watching this
I have ADHD too. my dad likes to deny it though, even after we had it confermed by several doctors.
Been considering meds for a hot second and this makes it seem more approachable than some make it out to be. Thanks for the video 🤔
So what would you ascribe to not knowing WHEN you are?
cow. 1:03
Many people talk about the voice in their head that constantly rambles on and on endlessly and how it ‘goes away’ whenever they take their med but for me it’s more of nonstop incoherent randomness whenever I’m off of them and a long consistent stream of thoughts related to whatever I’m focusing on whenever I’m on them.
mhmmmm im starting to think i might have the adhd brain rot
I have ADHD, and had been through a few different meds. Ive been on concerts, Vyvanse, and a couple others I don't remember the name of. (I was young when I went through this) but I 1000000% relate with Vyvanse. I had almost the same experience as you, so I'm glad I'm not the only one with said experience trying ADHD drugs. I've learned that doing things to manage my ADHD helps. Fidget toys for concentration, taking my time to answer important questions, and writing little notes and alarms for myself for certain things. Making rules that I stick by helps too. (Specifically, I'm not allowed to remove reminder to take my daily meds until I've taken my daily meds. I tend to forget if I've taken them or not)
I had Adderall 54 mg and I started to see monsters and hear them 🤭 so fun/j
Great video, but seriously, what is that song at the beginning with the cow!?!?!
I can relate as well, diagnosed with ADD I took biphentin, then moved on to vyvanse. I’m finally fully off vyvanse after slowly decreasing the dose by 5mg every few months for the last few years (I started off at 50mg). I decided to quit when I was having headaches and burnouts.  I also made the mistake of going cold turkey (From 50mg Vyvanse) on a camping trip. I was fading in and out for 2 weeks, couldn’t stay awake for more then a hour at a time. Turns out I had dangerously low blood pressure at the time. Check with your doctor and slowly decrease the dose.
Me literally zoning out when the nord vpn shit came on
I've done 5 trials of ADHD medication. I'm really glad you tried working on bettering your habits, and I hope you find a balance that you like.   Andy, if you ever want to try again I suggest Concerta, the rest is anecdotal, I tried Adderall but I got insomnia as a side effect 😅. I take Concerta which is like the chiller version of Adderall. It does take an hour to work but it should allow your brain to focus without being too focused. It's because Adderall is, usually, a short-release medication, meaning that you feel it quickly and everything is done very quickly. Vyvanse is, usually, an extended-release medication which means the effects are slower but more consistent, it's also a wholly different chemical makeup. Concerta is mainly Methylphenidate, as is Adderall, which is its active ingredient but depending on the release your doctor prescribes you can have something close to Vyvanse or something close to Adderall.  I know I said a lot, ADHD medication is a whole world on its own. I suggest doing a lot of research on releases and chemical makeup just to know what you're getting yourself into. This also goes for anyone who is thinking of trying ADHD medication.
I tried Ritalin and it made me hyper focus in a horrible way, like dude I could feel my clothes I couldn’t read what was on my paper it sucked for me personally
ADHD is like, sometimes meds work and sometimes they make it worse our favorite. Human bodies are weiirddd
Ive had to take all of thoughs damn concentration drugs  😭
Life never feels dull with ADHD. Not because you do anything particularly exciting, but because you forget everything that isn’t interesting.
You will find smth eventually man
I stoped taking my medication for depression. I was on the highest dose for Paxil. The medication was working great till I went up and i kept going up because I was also doing a little drinking (please don’t it fucks with your meds a lot more than you think). So I was getting the effects of the meds but they where muted. Eventually I ended up catatonic. I couldn’t stay awake at all the T was horrible. I felt like I was constantly about to crash. I talked to my psychiatrist about getting off the medication but when I went to the pharmacy they gave me the same dose so I didn’t say anything and I just stopped it by myself. (VERY DUMB DO NOT DO THIS). It was the worse pain I had ever felt In my entire life. I had constant brain zaps and if someone even so much as brushed against me I would get an extremely painful zap. I couldn’t eat and it was hard to drink water. I felt like I was going to die. It lasted so long as well I developed a touch aversion because I was afraid of getting zapped. If you know anything about Paxil you will know that the withdrawal symptoms are absolutely brutal. I’m on new meds now and it definitely taught me to be more serious about my medication. This is my way of agreeing with his point. Please don’t play around with your meds it can be dangerous to yourself and and also really screw with your brain.
Link to cow video?
Sounds like Vyanse works the way weed does for me. I'll vape when I get up, start watching YouTube videos and become an expert in something in 12 hours solid, avoiding life responsibilities.  Buuuuut, if I choose to start the first task right away, I'm 100% focused on that task (the bathroom has never sparkled like that before), and it's easier to cross the rest of the days tasks off one by one. First step is the hardest.
I always don’t forget to unsubscribe at the end of the video! That way, I can not remember to forget to subscribe at the start of the next video! 😊
the hyperfocussing on a task you're NOT supposed to be focussing on when the meds kick in is soooo relatable! but habits do help! I know how long it usually takes for vyvanse to kick in so I make sure to set a timer and get started on my tasks 5-10min before hand so I don't get distracted. (but ofc it doesn't always work bc adhd procrastination is legit so hard to pull yourself out of lol)
What kinda hair gel do you use to get your hair to stand up like that
I personally use guanfacine, which helps with my focus, specifically, but idk if it'll work with your specific ADHD because brains are different
I have ADHD and I take meds…it is quite the experience
I realized I may have adhd when my friend was describing the symptoms and I had an increasingly suspicious amount of symptoms he was describing.
I had a Traumatic Brain Injury when I was 12, bat to the head. I can't remember alot but supposedly I was diagnosed with Anxiety and ADHD. My parents decided not to medicate me, for whatever reason. They don't believe in the mental health stuff so, I made an appointment to get reevaluated to know for sure (memory loss sucks) and its this Monday. I just don't know how to describe whats going on with my mental health. I know this is just the YouTube comment section of a wonderful video, but does anyone else have experience with this?
i take foclin :)       edit: i first started to take a few years back and it was maybe 15mg but then i stoped then the doc gave me 30mg of vivance and boy howdey, the bad sympoms i got from thatt, headaches, back pain, winded, didnt wanna eat, when i did i couldnt keep it down, stomach pain, and i was real jerky when talkin to people, i told the doc that it was too high and that i should get a lower dose but she said i was wrong and that what i had was the STARTING amount, and goshhhh that sucked, im on foclin again now and so far i say it works, im on 20gm wich is still kinda high for me also but its better then what i was on before. if you try it start on 5-10.
When I am unmedicated I am a menace to society   Mostly my friends. I annoy them to death by telling them everything in my brain
why is this video quiet
This was so funny considering I have adhd and have been on and off meds before so it was nice to see his response I personally didn’t like the meds
As someone with adhd who hasn't taken pills since like elementary, it's been fun/ hard without it.  Yes I can be hyperfocused on my work, but then just ine little thing will come in and boom! 10 things on my plate getting worked on or just ignored.  But having multiple different things running in my head helps me from having a blank mind helps
7 years of Adderall xr 30mg, thanks to a step mother who was actively trying to find something wrong with me, has left me with 2 things.  A permanent shake, body wide, and a tension that never seems to go away.  Adderall is prescription meth, and is worth a lot to alot of people.
I wish I could get rid of my adhd
welp. this feels familiar... almost like im supposed to be doing something else...
I had the same "desire for the drugs to work" issue with Alprazolam. I was taking it for depression and it worked and I was so happy to not be depressed that I didn't pay attention to the glaring allergic reactions like vomiting until I broke out into hives
I have ADHD it’s just like u explained it
What’s to bad about meth I’m on meth
Your brain kind of just looks like kirby
If anything, this makes me really want to get some adhd meds
Found this channel and in one day its so relatable that I just subbed and liked most of the videos here for the silly wackyness and goofy shenanigans!
As an intuniv user I'm happy it was mentioned, cause man, not a lot of people know about it, not even some doctors, and I'm glad there's someone else out there who knows it exists other than me and my old pediatrician lmao
Dude went from M*th to Speed... Man Vivance did the trick for me but mother had my quit cold turkey to get me to learn to live with my ADHD
Looking at the comments, seems like ADHD, just like a few psych conditions, needs you kiss a few frogs before you find the prince. The prince being the perfect medication(s). While I’m not diagnosed with ADHD yet, good luck to yall who are still trying out your meds ❤
i take concerta.
Have you tried concerta? Bifenton?
I can't focus on lies
I don't have sdhd I just have a hard time paying attention  to bs
I think the issue is with the way the give you the meds in the US, for me what worked was addrell of a decent amount (15mg) but I took in the morning only and skipped the weekends. This allowed my system to "reset" after being on the drugs and form less habits. I also tried to under use it when ever possible.
Yes
Who looked up the polish cow video after this?
It has been YEARS since I last heard a computer called a compy
I used to take concerta before the shortage happened and after that I was off medication for a month. I had been taking concerta for the past 18 years (since I was in Kindergarten). The first month I was off them was my the month my semester started and I COULD NOT survive school. I tried for a month but then was put on Focalin 25mg. Focalin made me very anxious and suppressed my apetite to hell and I always had a feeling of impending doom, BUT I was able to focus on school. I've since gotten a lower dosage but am really struggling with the trade off of being able to focus on school but also being mildly depressed and anxious.
Meth.
Wow I watched this this morning before work, having started atomoxetine just over a week ago. I was thinking “Damn, I’m lucky I got no side effects and I’m getting work done now that’s cool.”  Just an hour later I felt the dumb heart thing and am now stuck at work absolutely dying. I really hope it’s not the meds and is just my brain being weird and making up symptoms for the day because funny internet man had them 🥲
You could try to take piano lessen it really helps
I have been diagnosed since 6 but it took until I was 10 to find the right adhd meds (and dosage amounts take a big part in it too). But concerta is what my body just said, ok, good nuff. and that's what I have been on since. Its like still having all of those trumpets, but they are all turned down to really low volume and because of that, I sometimes will get the same positives of adhd, but not every bit of the negatives, like hyperfocusing, unfortunately this does mean that sometimes I am still able to hyperfocus on the wrong things. It more of feels like my meds adopted my adhd as I can still have my moments (literally started to think about the colour of my wall while writing this) but more tame
I might recommend combining the Aderall with the focus medication and trying that I have ADHD and Autism and I take Guanfacine and Resperidone for them and it works great for me I am not a doctor so take my advice with a pound of salt but what could work is taking the Aderall on every day and if that on it’s own can’t help then you throw in the focus medication which would also limit how much you use the focus meds and possibly stop the out of breath feeling
yeah honestly my experience on ADHD meds was... fine. i was forced to be put on them by my school against my mother and my judgement and all the meds were different and after being off the meds i feel like i am in a better place without the meds. (and i did it cold turkey i know i know its bad but i didnt care i was already forgetting to take my meds more and more often so i just decided to just *stop*. like that. i ended up doing my best to cope and i feel like i can function in a reasonable capacity with the right things. may i reconsider medication in the future. maybe but i doubt it as my overall mental, emotional, social, and physical health have taken a decent hit as a result of the meds. the worst effect of this is that my memory is permanently shot. it varies each day on how much and how long i can retain information. somedays i can forget something AS ITS BEING SAID. it doesnt help that i have tinnitus which has made it harder to focus as the ringing can at times drown out everything else
Im on concerta
ADHD life forever
I love that we have the same brain
my meds make me fart a lot :[
I have ADHD and this is very accurate. At night: Good night! Mind at night: 🤠👽🤖👻☠️🎃👾🤑😵🤐😺🤡💤
As someone with adhd this is where I’m at. I’ve gone through meds and it just never seems to work out. I’ve been off meds for years now and it’s been chaos but meds don’t really do much lol
I take Vyvanse for my adhd and it has literally changed my life. I needed that super intense focus I went from failing my classes to having all a’s and I almost have an A in AP chemistry which is the best thing ever since I’ll be applying for college soon and need a better gpa. I don’t have any problems with doing tasks either. It fixed my sleep and I only have problems if I stop taking them if I’m in a rush and forget them I feel like death, I can’t stay awake or think or do anything at all😂😅
I made ADHD meds in my bathroom once. I made the one with the meth, tested it on my friend. It worked (don’t ask how I got meth) but now I’m a self taught pharmacist.
:)
im sure someones already said this but as someone taking medication for a mental disorder people really dont understand the process getting medicated. The doctor cant just know whats going on or how you'll react to medication so "pumping you full of drugs" is the medical method. Where people start to get weary is when they grow impatient and dont wait for the medication to take affect, see its side affects, ween off said medication, and try a new approach.
I have adhd and my current thing is checking the sides of my bed for stuff like mice and spiders, not that it's ever happened, but I once thought "what if"  and have been doing for a couple monthes
Super interesting to hear your experience with medication. Adderall gives me the effect Vyvance does for you haha
can you get a discord?
Took Vyvanse for about 8 months for "weight loss".. didn't help with weight but atleast I was productive?? I focused too much on my work and lost multiple friends throughout that time. Wasn't even the same person. I'm off it now, but I still wonder wether or not I have Adhd..
This is genuine therapy for me you have no idea thank you so much man. I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid and it was a struggle to find meds that worked for me, but I’m now on Vyvanse and it’s doing a tolerable job (I want to have some symptoms so I can teach myself strategies so eventually, hopefully someday I won’t need meds). I have pretty bad anxiety too (social, ocd, panic attacks, depression—the whole trail mix) and I’m on Paxil for that. I’ve been in therapy for years now and it does keep me from exploding, but it doesn’t feel like I’m getting anywhere. I’m so behind in school, I’m probably going to graduate high school in my 20’s. It hurts so much. I feel lazy and irresponsible. Like I’m almost 18 and I’m getting absolutely nothing done, yet I feel like I’m working so hard. It breaks me. Generally in therapy we focus on my anxiety and depression because that’s what seems to be the biggest issue, but after watching this… idk maybe it’s my adhd. Maybe the reason all these years of therapy have felt unsuccessful is because we’ve been focusing on the wrong thing and using the wrong techniques. I didn’t even know all these different symptoms of ADHD, I thought I was just idk like a useless person. All these things I’ve been beating myself up over, it’s not because I’m pathetic it’s because of my ADHD. You’ve given me so much hope man you don’t even understand.. thank you so much.  Tip: I recently discovered an app called Speechify. Reading is something I really struggle with too, but with speechify I can listen to a textbook (or any document) in like 30 minutes when it would’ve taken me like 3x that if I was reading it. You just take a picture of the page and it will read it to you in whatever voice you want (even Snoop Dog 💀). It has helped me tremendously, only downside is that it’s not free unfortunately :/
As somebody with ADHD that currently takes Concerta it's mid
I have adhd but it seems too stressful with meds
👏👏👏
I was prescribed 10MG of methylphenidate 1 year ago. I take it on days that I have to work and don't on my days off. Works like a charm, not too little, not too much. I haven't experienced any side effects other than the one time we tried doing 20 mg. On 20 mg it just felt like I did 5 espresso shots in 5 seconds
Goddamn get to the fucking point with this story
Dude just try you know, not stimulants… they can help. You are taking the most insane meds out there. Try something like a non stimulant
thcx yous forrr4 shringggg
I take venvanse and I have the exact problems. A ton of collateral effects and I rarely do what I was supposed to.
Imagine having meds that work... been on that meds grind for a couple years now and still haven't found anything that helps with my condition.
*me with hyperfixation still singing the cow song 7minutes later*
first
I had to go find that polished dancing cow after this video
POV: your kind of early but don’t know what to say
As a 21 year old who has gone through 3 different meds since I was about 12, this is so real. Vyvanse is the one that worked best for me, I take it daily and have been for years. Adderall and Ritalin acted similar but make me not feel like myself. I'd suggest trying another med, cause it seems like 3 times a charm with ADHD, or considering some Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. Have heard form multiple friends that it helps a lot, just takes a lot longer since its therapy not medications.
I got ADHD it’s an experience
ADHD meds do not FIX your ADHD. they may aid you, they are a tool. choose your chemical and dosage.
I feel you on that “the ability to be able to, be able to.” so hard💀
OMG. you can stop taking the meds if they are causing problems!!! You should be able to control the meds more than the meds control you - thats the hope.  I have ADHD and take meds. i take meds on weekdays for school and skip on weekends. i also juggle between pills of different strengths and sometimes take meds on weekends and skip on weekdays - its whatever i want. ive allowed a lot of felxibilty for my ADHD self and my Amphetamine-d self, and i think its super important for us ADHD and neurodivergent folk to understand the limits, bounds, and comforts of our conditions and treatment options. as well as other factors like good habits and shit.  As a fellow squirrel brain, i would like to wish you the best on your drug experiments and experiences, if you wish to continue exploring medication treatment!  tl;dr: fuck around, find out
By 39 seconds into this vid, I was already imagining some random scenario, and had to go back, lol
I was gonna comment something but.. I forgot
I have adhd atm but no one can tell now. I use to take tablets when I was young but eventually felt to much like a drown so I tried really hard to get off them. When my mum finally allowed me to get off them I turned to martial arts and started focusing on meditation and that helped me a lot maid it so I could tone down or up the effect of adhd depending on either what meditation I do or how long I do. I’m not a doc to I won’t say this is what you need to do but maybe give it a try might help 🤷‍♂️.
I have ADHD and I take meds they don’t really have a difference to me besides, I can focus on one thing and not get distracted which I know they’re supposed to do but still they don’t have a big impact on me
I’ve found a lifetime of faking it has worked amazingly and I’m now a 42 year old simulacrum of a regular joe filled inside with endless self doubt and random movie trivia. 5/7 perfect score.
What I originally thought when taking ADHD medication was that the pill would do it all. When I was introduced to harder topics in school/ a large workload, I thought that the medication wasn't working anymore. I soon came to realize that most of the work was still up to me. The medication gives you the ability to function how you want, but without training your brain to work with it, you'll get nowhere.
Tylko jedno w glowie nam
Speaking to health professionals are so important with ADHD meds / meds in general. Also being patient is a must. Took forever to find the right ones for me. Adderall, Concerta, etc always made me feel so forced to focus and when it wore off I was so exhausted. Eventually, my doc found something that's working for me so far which helps with executive functioning. It feels less like forcing me to sit in place, and more so being able to focus on things I need to do or even getting a few items on my list done. But I couldn't do it on meds alone, I had to learn other techniques to help me (considering I had such a late diagnosis).
Vivance f….d me up when I was talking it
Yo I forgot to comment this on the last video but welcome to the ADHD gang I have it too
i used to take adderall then started getting CRAZY hallucinations
Try concerta it helps with focus mainly but also still helps with paying attention etc. It sometimes makes your ears more sensitive and works for around 7 hours or so. Just as you know a fan and a fellow with this problem it ranges with dosages to! Hope it gets easier to manage.
I’ve found the same thing with adderall; when I take it, suddenly I can do the things I want to do, but I still struggle to do the things I really Don’t want to do
you should check out the youtube channel "How to ADHD" The host of the channel, Jessica, says that while medications are okay, you also need a toolbox of ADHD strategies that you can use. I recommend it to anybody. It's amazing!
You're out of breath, and you immediately think covid? Why?
Sometimes I really wonder what life is like for people who don’t have ADHD or autism… like how does one think straight and complete tasks normally? I have to have extreme stress of doing everything last second to get things done. I could even focus on writing this clearly without losing my train of thoughts and getting distracted more than once.
I love your videos and it makes me very happy to know that I’m not the only one
I have ADHD too and I had a similar experience with Vyvanse but it also made me like really sensitive and very upset like all the time.
Why are you just so relatable?
What is the cow song? I love it.
meds were the worst for coping with my adhd
I have adhd and medication helped so much  I now have an 100 in algebra (I use a focus meditation)
I started taking madications when I was 11, and venvanse was awfull
I’ve been taking medication since I was 10. I’m now almost 27. The ONLY reason I was diagnosed was because my mom has adhd and she saw the symptoms while she didn’t get diagnosed until she was in her 30s. I think without medication I legit would not have gotten my associates. Now I’m currently working on my bachelors and eventually masters. However, I am extremely annoyed at how expensive the medication is and if you don’t have good insurance then it’s even worse
I work in pharmacy, if your meds are making you have very bad adverse reactions you SHOULD stop taking it (and obviously talk to your doctor about it)
I have ADHD and coffee really helps me focus.
I take conerta and something at the same time
I love my ADHD I get very bored tho it sucks cuz I already did everything in the last 20 min
Crazy coincidence, but as someone who just was put on meds for ADHD, this is quite relatable video
As a teen with pretty bad ADHD as well as having and ASD I’ve been taking 50mg of Ritalin for a very long time and it’s been very helpful but I suggest to keep trying new medication and maybe higher doses could possibly help!
The cow sauce for anyone who couldn’t deal without having it https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA
This is almost exactly my experience and with meds and adhd except I started with vyvanse and after about a year went to Ritalin for the control it had over dosage. You articulate exactly how it felt between the two drugs better than I have been able to with 6 months of reflection. I’m mostly unmedicated now but take one or two Ritalin a day at work when I know I need to function like a human being but avoid it outside of high stress/brain using situations. It’s good stuff for a lot of folks but I feel it’s a bit of a glass cannon or Midas touch kinda deal?
The real moral of this story is Your brain is a dick, but don’t try to dope it, then you still have a dick and a headache
It's really interesting hearing about this from an adults point of view, cause I was a guinea pig as a kid. Any new pill that came out, I was first in line (obviously not the tests), it would eventually get to a point where it no longer did anything, and they would give me "THE NEW PILL". This went on so much over my time in school, that now that I'm in engineering school, the only pills that work for me are amphetamines, which isn't ideal. On the other hand, it's a bit funny, cause my dietitian gave me some pills that would normally take away your appetite, your energy, your everything, but for me it's just the appetite given that I have such a high tolerance for pills, like it was a step down from my ADHD meds.  If you're still interested in meds, there should be some out there that will help you, however, most will feel like you're absolutely out of energy or give you incredible thirst, it's the norm honestly. And normally nothing happens when you just stop talking ADHD meds, so all good 👍.
I domt have adhd but you said a lot of stuff i also have issues with.
What’s that cow video I want to watch it on loop
I got diagnosed when i graduated. Got put on concerta but i only used it when i was at work or had to concentrate in college. I didnt like how it made me hardcore obsess with only one thing at a time. So i stopped. I never went back on it but yeah so....I dunno.
Vyvanse stopped my ability to visualize books when I read. Still haven’t gotten it back 100% and I’ve been off them for years.
Try coffee it can make it worse or better
Day 1 of asking you to rate my profile pic
Guh.
I remember talking to two of my friends and they mentioned their ADHD meds, I don’t remember if/what they said they were but they both said it makes them FOCUS. Like so much that they don’t like it. Idk if I have ADHD or anything of the like, but I do resonate with a lot of the things described in this and last video. Like one time I was trying to do an assignment and I had Kirby music and choir music (I’m in choir at my high school) constantly, randomly overlayed by Kirby popping in my head and saying “Hi”
i like how his brain is smooth 😭
I’ve been on vyavanse or however you spell that for like a year now and and- not even sure it does very much for me to be productive lmao
TLDR: If you have a mental disorder/disability or whatever, don't get discouraged if the first round of meds don't work. Don't get discouraged if the 10th round of meds don't work. Keep going. Chances are, you'll find one eventually. You got this. <3   I can't talk specifically with ADHD, but I do know a thing or two about Major Depressive Disorder. Namely... keep trying. I've gone through like, five different medications. All the general SSRIs, and all the general SNRIs and none of them were really working. My doctor was like, "Well, instead of going to more specific SSRIs or SNRIs, how about we try a different medication entirely."  So they put me on a medication that is like...apparently can't be taken for people under the age of 18 cause it can cause sever homicidal tendencies. Good thing I'm not under 18 I guess. And, my depression isn't cured. Tbh, I don't think it'll ever be cured. But...Damn....I can actually get up in the morning. I can actually go shopping, I can hold down a job. I can actually live again. I'm still depressed and some days things are much harder than others, but overall, Damn, it's done wonders.
My meds arent aderall, their one of the other listed ones. Tbh, I don’t notice a difference. But the people around me do. They often mention I have less energy and don’t do as much when I’m on my meds rather than off. It sucks cause it means I always feel tired but I need to get my work done.  (Edit; grammar error)
I've been taking concerta since grade 7 basically straight through to day (with a brief escapade into vyvanse in grade 10 which made me really grumpy for some reason, according to my family).  It's one of those things where I know it helps cuz I can tell the difference on days when I don't take them (that's the nice thing about concerta is you can and probably should have a day without every once in a while), but I still struggle to get things done. It's like the meds are backing me up but I really have to try. also since I've been on them for so long and I'm basically on the highest dose that is safe for my weight, I kinda feel like my brain is so used to it that the ADD is like finding ways to sneak around the meds or something.  That's my experience. also it messes with my appetite, and I now never know how hungry or full I am. on meds i find it hard to finish a meal, off meds I eat too much and get a stomach ache
I got distracted and forgot to unsubscribe
I quit vyvanse cold turkey after 4 years of taking it, would not recommend. Definitely come off slowly, trust me
Watching the bit about Adderall giving you the "ability to do" but mostly just physical tasks, and still having issues with tasks that require sitting down and actually thinking/focusing on a problem... man, that's my issue with it exactly. 😅 Also, how did you extract this from my brain? The entire video was just "yep, yep, so much yes, why are my thoughts in video form??"
THE END IM DYING
Im on meds for now 13-14 years  and I know when I skip a day or take it really late in the day I'm just So freaking lost 😂 Probably also addicted now obviously. Keep in mind that no medication will make you like someone *normal* I get days with nothing done and it's fine. Also not taking the ones you mentioned in this video at all.
I also have ADHD. And when you said to unsubscribe I realized I wasn't subscribed in the first place. So I decided to subscribe and then got distracted by something else and couldn't unsubscribe as a result and instead just became a new subscriber. My apologies
I do not have ADHD. I obtained some ritalin illegally that would last me about 12 days. That ritalin was a super power. I could do anything. I was so creative. I was so witty. Funny. Social. *smart.* You know how your brain sorta simulates a scenario right before you think about making a choice? Well I could do that so fast while talking to someone that I could simulate dozens of scenarios before I even chose the first word of my sentence and I didn't even have to pause. It was like, my mind is a foggy mess of random tasks that I must complete, and ritalin not only burns the fog away, but it also organizes my tasks in the *exact* perfect order that I need to do them in and gives me an unlimited reservoir of motivation to do them.   This is apparently not a typical reaction for someone with ADHD. When you have ADHD, ADHD medication makes you "normal." Without ADHD, it's a stimulant drug, just like coke, crystal, etc. It'd be like, taking a gram of caffeine, but without the jitters or heart arrhythmia. When I ran out, I felt so stupid and dumb and small and puny and lackluster that I could not function for the day. It took me a month to just get back to normal. I yearn for that feeling again so bad that if I could obtain a steady supply, I would do it, but I can't get it since I don't have ADHD. Plus I heard that ADHD medication steals your soul. That came from people who had meds for their ADHD, including atheists and gingers.
the Polish cow song is about cocaine
Me having trouble finishing this video and the temptations to jump to twitter is too strong
Sounds like a simple solution: take Adderall when your to-do list is physical labor, take Vyvanse when your to-do list is mental labor.
my psychiatrist keeps insisting i should take fluoxetin its supposed to even out my highs and lows in the middle,,, but it evened it out at the very bottom instead
I took riddlen (or whatever it's called) in middle school, and experienced "sleep paralysis" quite regularly. (very rarely happens now) Has anyone else had this happen frequently, while on certain meds?
How do you tell your therapist (as a teenager) that you suspect that you might have ADHD
While looking at the thumbnail for this video it makes me think of ice cream sandwich guy eat a big pill just like in the thumbnail but animated and when the eat the pill the make a banjo guhuck noise from banjo and Kazooie
Ah yes the glorious tablets that allow me to do everything except have the will to eat. Splendid.
i take vyvance and i've been on them for a few years now, the only time i ever had shortness of breath and headaches and all was when i didnt sleep and took them anyway, my heart would pound at double its normal speed and the feeling of exhaustion was numbed but i could definately tell i was burning a candle at both ends. By the time i'd get home and the meds would wearoff i'd crash HARD, as in the second my head hit the pillow i was out and i wasnt getting up for anything.
I use caffeine as my med. especially in the form of black coffee. I haven’t tried formal medication but coffee seems to do the trick. Also drinking lots of water. I have to take breaks from coffee about once a week so I don’t build up a tolerance and it loses effectiveness.
ADHD is indeed an experience. I have it too, been diagnosed with ADD since I was a teensy 10 year old. I am now old lady 25 and got re-tested and was confirmed with not ADD but ADHD-innatentive(same thing apparently) I have been medicated since I first was diagnosed, still take the same meds, just a slightly higher dose and does perfectly fine
Here let’s give ur kids pharmaceutical meth that’s legit
I do Straterra + Adderall. It's not *perfect* but it makes me more mellow and allows me to be more present in my day with people and things. If I don't want to do a task, I still won't do it, though. xD
Vyvanse converts to dextroamphetamine in the body, which is one of the mixed amphetamine salts in Adderall. So, with Vyvanse you're technically still on Adderall. But 2 less amphetamines. It's all pharmaceutical grade meth.
1 thing to note. Stopping taking adhd meds (at least stuff like Vyvanse and adderall) is TOTALLY FINE. They are not like ssri, i dont take them on days i dont need them, like weekends, its fine
Yah, I skip a day every once and a while with Vivance. Never had adverse effects from doing so, but I recommend talking to your doctor about it.
this... this is literally the BEST way i have seen adhd be described- all of this is literally what happens to me on a daily basis lol
I have ADHD too. There's a newer drug called Qelbree I'm taking and it's working really well. I've been more productive + it gives me serotonin. Maybe ask your doctor about it if these ones aren't your thing. It's a struggle bus but we believe in you :D
It kind of kills me on the inside whenever someone says that Adderall "Is basically meth". Yeah, sure, they are both similar in their chemical formulas, but they behave completely differently in the body. Adderall has been proven to be one of the safest drugs you can take, with very little problems except for the chance of abuse and eventual withdrawal. There is actually real meth prescribed for ADHD called Desoxyn, but even though Adderall isn't at all meth it still gets the brunt of the stigma.
Gotta find that cow dancing video
I moved from dex (adderal) to vyvanse recently and found it went from dex being really good focus (when I remembered to take it, which was the problem) to exactly what you described adderal being like. Apparently it's a dosage thing. Chemically, vyvanse only becomes active once your body turns it into dex, so they're basically the same thing but with different dosages/release schedules
Bruh I used to be on 90MG vyvanse, and it was terrible
Thw guys in the is pretty damn accurate xD gotta have a dancing cow in there every now and the aswell
Fun, I had similar results to number 2
Try methylated B complex
Be happy that you stoped aderal methophenidate basically gave me a heart attack at the ripe old age of 9
Cow go moo, kurwa
ADHD gang👇👇👇👉👇
for my ADHD I take concerta but i used to say con-cer-crate-a. ( I don't Know why I called it that.) I used to take Methylphenidate which is very closely related to um, take out every letter except the first four.
As an adult male with ADHD ooo a bluejay!
I really got to call that specialist😅
This video 😂😂😂😂
In my experience, my meds have many downsides but really you have too get used to the O V E R focusing and it is a lot easier (for me at least) then just not taking any. Some unwanted effects are: drowsiness, lack of sleep(fixed with melatonin), and not get hungry. At all.
I have Prozac to treat anxiety and Vyvanse for focusing.
my ADHD is causing me to watch this video instead of doing my assignments...
I don't even even know if I have ADHD or if I'm just lazy
i love you investing in things to help:) but of the difrent types ive tried didnt really work for me
I literally JUST got diagnosed with ADHD 2 days ago, and the fact that this video showed up on my feed right now was perfect. I am having my first meeting with a psychiatrist in a few weeks to discuss medication, but I am glad that I have this video now to reference when talking with them!
Adhd is one of the most relatable and unrelatable things.  I play Tetris, speedsolve, and pen spin as distractions. I take vyvanse, gonna be honest, I have the highest dose they’ll give me for my age and I can’t tell a difference with and without the meds.
For me Adderall isn't enough on its own I also need to eat well, work out daily, and plan things on paper Adderall just gives me the willpower to make those needed lifestyle changes.  That's the thing, the lifestyle changes are what you use to treat ADHD. You need to literally figure out what works for your brain. Forget to take the trash out? Tie it up and leave it by the door so you see it on your way out the next day. Forget what food you have? Write a list on your fridge with dates of expiration. Post it notes, everywhere. Routine.  The meds alone aren't enough you use the Adderall to make lifestyle changes! Now even when I don't take my meds I know I have my tasks for the week in my pocket notebook and I have a routine that works for my lifestyle.
I used to take adhd meds years and years ago but I stopped and learned how to control myself waaaay better
I am unsubscribing as ordered
I take Vyvanse and luckily it is one of the few ADHD medicines that you can take it as you need it. From what my doc said it doesnt really need to build up like others do. Helps with stopping adverse reactions to lack of meds
adhd is just  coffe 5x stronger       and yes i do have it honestly to me its like having drugs
I take vyvanse its nice
vyvance fucking ruined me man only fear and anxiety for years crazy shit
Isn’t it funny how all of the sudden almost the entire comment section has ADHD   Edit: don’t take this seriously, this is a joke*
i take vyvanse myself, and one day my mom accidentally took some of my medication with her vitamins (we were on vacation and she insisted we put all our stuff into the same pill organizer to reduce the number of pill bottles being carried around) she realized her error by how overly productive she had been (she doesn’t have adhd, so accidentally taking my vyvanse that morning more or less kicked her brain into hyperdrive)
ok i wont forget to unsubsc- omg a squirrel outside
as a kid i was put on adderall and it worked but i had mad side effects like loss of apatite and depression so my parents took me off it and basically said "oh you'll get over it as an adult." i'm 21 now and i'm still plagued to this day.
I was misdiagnosed with ADHD by a phony psychiatrist who told my cousin (now ex) about it. She recommended that I be on Adderall & Welbutrin which sent me into a psychiatric break as I am allergic to ALL prescription meds! I found something else which works even better, no side effects, while my concentration, & mental abilities are perfect!👌
Please don’t conflate adderall and meth. That extra methyl group is jsut that: an entire extra structure that makes it a different chemical.
The first time I took my meds, I sat in my room for an hour in silence because it was the first time my brain was so quiet.
Ok, if you say so i'll unsubscri-      what was I doing again?
This is your reminder that you haven’t done anything today.
Gonna have to show this to my parents cause this is why im having such a hard time doing legit anything
guh
Your experience with Vivance sounds like my default. I easily will hyperfixate on shit like that just because “ooh I wonder” or “huh that kinda sounds interesting”  And then like you said, I end up doing that for sometimes hours and completely forget about what I wanted to do originally  Not sure if it works differently for different people, but if that’s what it does for most people that would probably just make my issue worse. My problem is more that I have trouble with actually starting tasks in the order that makes sense. I basically have to run a wild goose chase just to get to the simple task despite any importance that task has.  Along with my anxiety issues and other just general emotional problems, what form those distractions actually take varies, and one small emotional hiccup can completely throw a wrench in my plans.  Others are not so small emotional hiccups. Idk how many people have experienced large scale panic attacks but uh… I mean it’s not really an ADHD thing at this point but it’s equally if not more disruptive when it happens. And that on top of executive dysfunction does not help. Imagine it being hard to breath, you can’t think straight, all while you’re freaking out over something, and sometimes you don’t even know what you’re freaking out about. They can last anywhere from half an hour to literally all day, and many have described it as feeling like you’re dying. Pretty apt descriptor in my experience.   But yeah I cannot manage tasks for a variety of reasons, and it’s not so much a lack of focus as it is a poor management of my focus. A lack of focus on the right things at the right time. I wish I could say “I’m gonna do this thing that’s really important that I get done” and not somehow forget about the thing it just one more interesting thing is put in front of me. And ideally I’d like to do that without all my emotional issues getting in the way.
i take straterra rn, and i really like it! it's not a stimulant so it doesn't "kick in," instead gradually making my focus better as i started taking it regularly, very cool. (though it does give a handful of people with some wacky gene really bad burns, like, 3rd degree on their skin, so be careful)
Love this adhd content and this journey your sharing. Your Vyvanse pattern is vary relatable and it’s defiantly not a wonder drug. My biggest issue with Vyvanse is it keeps me so focused I don’t think to eat, and when I have reminders set to eat, it’s killed any appetite.  Concerning your cold turkey, my doctor actually told me I can choose not take my Vyvanse if I’m on holiday or something, and don’t need that focus.  I’m by no ways suggesting that, that’s just what my doctor said. Always listen to your own doctors, kids.
I took ritlin for my ADHD as a child and it was awful, blocked hunger so when it wore off hunger hit you like a truck, like you know how you slowly get more hungry well take that slow build up and have it all hit at once. It also made me very angry for no reason and had me seeing red if someone said Hi to me, was awful. Glad i stopped it.   Ive come to find that caffeine helps me focus, caffeine effects ADHD people different.
"The only thing in my head is 5 grams of-" "Heyy! How ya doing? So before we start, I just want to say that-" "Cocaine. Fly away alone-" "Rea- just really quick, you should know-" "To the edge of the oblivion."
I... really should go to a doctor to see if I have adhd.
I talk to my self a lot and just mostly that
I take 20 mg of adderall and it’s personally pretty good for me especially for school, I don’t take them on the weekends unless I want to get something done specifically, I occasionally don’t even take it for school if I think it’s gonna be chill.
For me, other people in my family had ADHD and what worked for them, and it ended up working for me too. I take concerta which is super helpful to me. I don’t have as much hyper-ness to my ADHD but man does it help with my focus. Of course different things work for different people, and brain chemistry.
i hear so many people taking meds for their adhd and it being a rollercoaster ride. but i never really see or read it happen in eu (austria) must be an american thing where there is like "you have adhd? MEDS"
I have ADHD as well and I was on Concerta. All I did was work out. Lost a shit ton of weight, but it made me depressed af, so I cut it cold turkey. Well, I say I cut it cold turkey, but it was more like not being able to afford it
what do you use to make thumbnails, cause its hard for me to make thumbnails on my videos
Adderall has been what worked the best. I even tried a patch medication. I take 15mg ER and it crosses the threshold of not too little but just enough to where I don’t get many side effects. With some research you can actually take supplements to counteract a lot of these side effects. As for staying on task  you gotta take what you can get man lol .
I'm also having trouble with the ADHD meds I take. In the beginning it worked like a charm, but now is not was effective as it was before. I wish the best for you fellows that also have ADHD. Good luck.
I take vyvanse. It helps me think and also helps with depression
I highly recommend Methylphenidate aka Concerta.
I know it's a bad thing but that's exactly what I did   And ended exactly the way you did
I use to take Viviance. Made me aggressive and short tempered. Loss of appetite etc. so I quit taking it. Now I’m just bleh again. Hooray
آرامش آرامش
ADHD is like yeah I heard exactly what you said except I didn’t understand whatever I heard because I was focusing on something else while I was listening to you.
I really should get tested for ADHD. Often I will see a video like this and they will describe very specific symptoms and I will think "Oh my god that's me!" And other times I can't relate to it at all and question it. Like, my biggest problem isn't that I have thoughts speaking over each other (that can happen), my biggest most life-affecting issue is that there is nothing at all. Or if I am thinking about something it will just leave. EX- Someone asks me a question and I can't answer because there is nothing going on up there. I am just screaming the question in my head until I forget it.  Is that something else entirely?
ADHD makes me a funny person
I tried several different medications over the years and none have been good. I'm now doing something called TRS, or Neurobiofeedback, and it's a brain wave therapy. I just started but it usually works really well, so here's hoping!
32 on trending :0
So for me, I've been just drinking a lot of caffeine constantly having music on for most days Some days I take medication but I usually save that for days I have to get up early
this blew my mind
I was told I had ADHD when I was younger and all the meds did to me was make me want to rip everyone's head off from pure rage all the time. So yea.
this has to be the scam of the century. all the people I know that claim this bs conditions always making it worse than it is.. then most copy what they see in videos and others to try and make the act complete. they all fake and the teenagers now claiming fake it so they can get the meds to get high. adhd is fake nonsense
quiet video
i hate my adhd sometimes, both medicated and unmedicated my life is chaotic
Ayo looks like the hiring makes upload faster glad to see
Yummy🐡🐋🦈🐠🐟🦭🐊🐬🐳🐅🐅🦣🦧🦍🦍🦓🐆🐫🐪🦏🦛🐘🦒🦘🦬🐃🐂🐑🐏🐖🐖🐖
I used to take Vyvanse and I literally had that exact same experience lol. I was switched over to Concerta and my experience has been so much better. I still have struggles everyday but it’s honestly the only thing that keeps me going as a college student.
I had to restart the video, because like 5 minutes in I realized that I was only hearing the polish cow song.
That song is great. Those first lyrics were actually "the only thing in my mind is 5 grams of coke"
You heard the man
add autism to that and now it feels kinda like your brain is constantly fighting itself. at least for me. wow, my autism sure wants to keep these safe routines but WOOPS looks like adhd broke them out of boredom again.
This is a really great perspective and I enjoyed your video. I have been on ADHD meds for probably around 15-17 years at this point. I’ve tried all kinds of them. How I describe what ADHD medication does to people who don’t know is I explain that it’s like cranking the ADHD to 11 until it’s somewhat useful. When you have ADHD, lots of people can enter what I call “hyper focus”, which is when you are singularly focused on one task at a time, but it’s kinda rare to control and hard to get the hyper focus to focus on the thing you want it to focus on. To me, ADHD medication just flips that hyper focus switch “on”.   A really great medication to try is called Jornay. Basically you take it at night and it lays dormant in your system until like 7-8 hours later and it helps you wake up. It’s the right medication for me because I have trouble hearing alarms. My ADHD is so bad that I can’t focus on the alarm enough to wake up. It takes finding what works best for you
Oh yeah! I've felt that with vyvance! Like I'm out of breathe and woozy and my face feels numb and fuzzy
Food choices affect brain fog and focus alot. especially sugar…I found most of my issues were food based and got off the meds a long time ago cuz adderal made me super depressed and anxious
I know Adderall helps me, but that's probably because it's the doing things that I struggle with.
i might have adhd alto i think i just lack motivation, altho i dont think about what i do sometimes, i just do it, so...
Damn adhd stuff got so much views should i start my adhd journey channel
Dopamine: 🪦
Good to know
Good thing I don’t have ADHD my life is so easy and I don’t have to worry about all these things
I've taken Concerta for 20+ years and it's something that's helped me tremendously, but now there's a national shortage and it suuuuccccckkkkkksssss. Withdrawals suck.
i have adhd as well. i take 3 pills a day. 1 addrall in the morning, one at school and then a differnt pill (i forget the name) to make me chill. unmedicated im crazy and goofy. im glad ypu made this vid cuz i didnt know there were people js like me
I found b12, and vitamin D3 +k works for me. Then again, I don't have adhd, but I do have ... :T idk if this word is okay to use. idk what else to say. Aspergers, but this was relatable.  I also found that breathing, and.... drinking plenty of water. Being aware of health... helps. o-o   Also, doing something to break a cycle. Solving complex problems to turn into simple solutions.  I fold my clothes differently now, and I don't have drawers anymore. It's shelves now with the rolled up shirts in them.   I have white boards near my desk to create tasks, and circle the most important ones. (because I found out my eyes really like to look at circles) So, I guess... do a lot of things with circles related? XD It seems to work so far. :P   Just stuff like that helped me. idk, I hope this helps someone. :T
I've been taking Ritalin/Concerta for over a decade now and had some good results, never tried Adderall but I've heard it has a lot less complications and side effects
This a mood, like honestly I was just thinking before this video how annoying it is that my concentration hasn't really improved but my ability to do stuff has
I used to take the medication ritalin and it help a bit.
when you also have adhd: slay
Dude honestly, check with your doctor about atomoxetine, it’s not like adoral but before I was taking I was just on the wrong path a I sucked at everything at school, and after taking it I’m solving orbital mechanics problems. Though I have heard that it could cause depression for some people, I guess I just got lucky, but check if you want because I’m literally dependent on that stuff.
THIS IS SO TRUE BRUH
I wish I could just remember what I'm doing. Everyday of my life I'm like let me go achieve this thing, then I think of something else and then already forget what I was going to do.
God I was waiting for that video since the last one! Currently being diagnosed this come at the perfect time!
Medication can be helpful but you also have to do your part, for myself I’m working on self control and routine I use Vyvanse to keep myself awake and motivated throughout the day, I find often when I’m off them I think of laying down for a quick nap but being a heavy sleeper that is never the case  Once I’m in a more healthy morning routine and have better self-control I plan to start easing myself off of the medication (with help from my doctor of course)
Adderall made me sleepy
Thank you for this video. People don’t understand how crippling adhd can be and just how bad it gets. I use concerta and it helps tremendously but it only works for 8 hours out of my day. The rest is just a jumble.
I used to get horrible anxiety and ticks when I was medicated
…I think I might have been experiencing side effects for most of my life, and haven’t realized because I’ve been taking amphetamines since I was like eight and so this is just ‘normal’ to me. The only issue is trying to figure out if they are because my prescription is BIG out of necessity.
ADHD is like have 15 tabs open in your brain at all times
I've gone through the whole ADHD-med-trial thing a few different times and I've yet to find something that helps me with focus without also causing awful insomnia and massive blood pressure spikes. For now I'm just self-medicating with caffeine like I used to, and that seems to be working Okay. Not great. Just okay.
5:20 dude you just made that type of med seem like its a crack type of substance to use as you'd show "KIDS" how to react when taking this type of MED you idiot, make the drawing look calm instead of acting like you're hyped for anything, unless you don't have any meds to create something like this for your vids. next thing you'd know you will make clinics start all over again to recreate this focus medication to fix how an animtor with this ADHD prob can explain better.
funny thing is this vid was my distraction, I took a break from the task I was doing earlier it been 2hr. i suppose take 30min break I end up look other things before saw this vid
I've stopped taking my ADHD meds cause the made me not feel like myself, if that makes sense. It also made me not hungry at all. I'm happier without them but without them, a bunch of things are harder. It's great for when I need to do something that requires concentration but other than that, I don't like them. As you said, it's good at the start but it gets annoying after a while. If you have ADHD, I recommend trying some meds and seeing what works for you.
my adhd medication experience: nothing worked, everything just made me not hungry and heart beat fast. I wasted several hundred(thousand?) dollars and maybe 8 months trying out various medications at varying dosages and nothing worked. I tried adderall, methylphenidate, wellbutrin, stratterra, and a few others i think?? in the end i ended up accidentally missing a doctor's appointment and then forgot to reschedule and it's been like 6 months so oops.
I just searched up ADHD symptoms and I think I have ADHD too
My sum of my adhd is... well it makes me look at things without me even realizing it or I just fall into a hole of thoughts that spontaneously dig themselves deeper into more thoughts to the point that I've forgotten what I was even thinking about in the first place. That- and I can't seem to sit comfortably still in a chair.
as someone who has adhd this is helpful thnak you
I have ADD and I was trying to my homework then I ended up modding my 3ds it was still a smart thing to do but I didn’t do my homework
Started on Adderall at about 6 years old. I can still remember it. I wanted to feel like an adult and take it early (the night we got it), and I had to wait till the morning before school. Well, many years later, I had no personality. No apatite. A hatred for all breakfast food. I was underweight and bullied for being quiet and shut out of everything. I quit taking Adderall at 14 and slowly discovered myself again. I gained friends, became more outgoing, and now I'm regarded as the goofy fun friend. Fuck meds
Does anyone else know that intense rush of adrenaline and productiveness when the medication starts to ware off?
i had to take a medication for like 2 years and it was terrible
Just wanna say that there is a light at the end of the tunnel for anyone still trying to find the right medication. I am absolutely useless without it- I constantly space out, permanently tired, can't focus on anything including conversations, the only thing anyone could be sure of with me is that I'd forget everything they tell me. 30mg of Dexamphetamine and I am a completely different person. Motivated, focused, reliable. I used to be afraid that I would never be able to hold a job that had any real consequences for failure or forgetfulness. Now I'm an A-level Automotive Technician. This stuff changed my life. For anyone reading this that need someone to snap their fingers in front of your face to snap you out of a trance like me, I hope you find your solution.
0:47 *drug.*
I take Strattera👍
*yeah*
1:56 Shows sign [dopamine] FUN FACT: Some fairly recent research shows that dopamine has NO ASSOCIATION with anti-depressant usage :D YAY 🥳 and that it actually is a mystery as to how the 💊drug works . .  . YAY🎊   err wait how DOES IT WORK?!😨 Take it at your own 🧠risk
my adhd meds (adderall) messed me up ngl it was BAD. i hated it
I kinda refer to adhd mentally as the static.
I picture meds are like different vehicles, and if you stop using them cold it'd be like stepping off a moving vehicle.
my video stopped at my video stopped at 0:02 seconds because of shitty wifi and i just stared at a unmoving screen for a solid minute thinking it was part of the vid O.o
try taking both at the same time see what happens
I'm playing video games while watching this vid lol
Instructions unclear, I have unsubscribed and a piece of my soul left with it.
the problem i have is that i need a lot of results immediately and adhd just makes stuff so hard, i hate that not even medication can fix me and let me do stuff and at this point i kinda surrendered and accepted that my adhd just kinda freezes me and that my life will forever be conditioned to it, i can't fix it and i've tried everything, i have to say tho, i've only taken concerta cus that's the only option they gave me and im pretty sure its the only one in europe
Dw I made sure to unsubscribe just for you
Afaik, it’s actually fine to stop taking a medication early so long as it’s a beginner dose (or something like that)
In case someone else is looking for the song: https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA
Oh my god this is so relatable. I have ADHD as well. I mean for a 13 year old I am very distracted a lot. A few days ago I had the keys for my house and I just wondered "Where are the keys, and my water bottle" and it turns out they were just in my hand. I can't really focus in school because of all these thoughts just rushing in my head and my sister talking to me about random stuff just makes me even less focused. I can finally relate with one of my favorite animators now!!! I can hardly focus in math. I'm really good in math but I just keep getting distracted by the littlest things on my computer. My mom says that ADHD is like a superpower... trust me ITS NOT. She says it allows me to do multiple things at once but the only thing it allows me to do is finish youtube videos instead of my work. And I'm in 8th grade so this is kind of important right now.
I have ADHD but I don't want to get rid of it because it helps me be creative very fast. But has a lot of side effects
Wow...
Afaik, it’s actually fine to stop taking a medication early so long as it’s a beginner dose (or something like that)
I'm not going to lie I got like one tenth of the weigh-in and I decide to search for that cow video, but I've been recently diagnosed with ADHD oh,thus me looking for educational videos on it
0:15 what a terrible intro. nice try to finding some friends that know how to help you with that issue, but hey are you even a professional? no. you'd just rather send out your opinion without diplomacy and real life problems will pile up later in the worst way possible guy, so Good Luck with that.
I've got OCD as well as ADHD and when I took meds for my ADHD it worked for about a month until all I could focus on were the thoughts my OCD produces and... if you have intrusive thoughts from OCD it's a helm when they're all you can focus on
I have ADhD BUT GUESS WHAT IM NOT DIAGNOSED SO YOU CANT MAKE ME TAKE MY MEDS MOM
WHY AM I ONLY INTERESTED IN THAT COW AND WHAT IS THE SONG WHEN IT APPEARS?!
I had a medication for my PCOS that made it feel like I was having trouble breathing as well- like it felt my throat was tightening and it seems like I was having an increase in phlem in my throat. I stopped the two I had suspected it could have been, as I was put on four medications at that time, and those symptoms stopped after a day. After talking to my doctor about it, we went on a month-and-a-half-long journey to rule out which one it was... and sadly it was one of the most common ones for PCOS treatment.
I remember my Vynase not working but hey, at least my depression got worse! :D. I remember taking Adderall when I was like 6-8 and then my mom took me off of em because she didn’t like how “zombie like” I was apparently. Also many horror stories. But like heyyyy, they worked! And I was a lot less energetic and why more attentive
That feeling when pills are so strong your ADHD turna into OCD
I have like half of the symptoms for it like getting distracted really easy, not being able to pay attention, all that jazz. But a have strait a’s like 100% in every class. So do I have adhd or just like half or something.
The fact the cow song is about suicide stuff
I take 20mg of adderall daily for my adhd (prescribed) but i quite literally dont notice anything but my family says they notice massive differences idk why im sharing just kinda you know...
I don’t have ADHD but I have OCD and Anxiety. Oh my god, I went off my meds and like I felt like shit, like I could function during the day kinda but then this wave of feeling like shit just slammed over me at night and I felt like I was gonna vomit from the anxiety. Lots of stress and overthinking and ect ya know? Anyways I didn’t say this to be discouraging to you or anyone, just to share my Nurodivergent Anxiety experience and my medication experience. it’s awesome that you’re feeling better off your meds, im sorry that they ended up making you feel worse instead of helping though. I hope that you and anyone else reading this is doing well^^ 🍔
I’ve never seen a more relatable video in my entire life
could not focus after first 15 seconds. the polish songs about taking hard drugs with a dancing cow took me out 😅
so, here's the thing: I'm about 15, and I no longer take meds for my ADHD. I actually used to take Vyvanse, along with Guanfacine. Oddly enough, I'm completely fine without meds. My parents say this is because of my strong will to control the ADHD, or change the effect it has on me, but I'm not sure. To be fair, I'm no doctor, nor an aspiring one.  The it seems to me, Andy, is that your ADHD is more severe than mine is now. Now, my ADHD used to be really, REALLY bad, but that was back in like, 2nd grade, when I had practically no control over my emotions.
Concerta worked for be back in middleschool, but the come off from the meds would literally knock me on my ass. You also forget to eat and kinda become a husk. Haven't been medicated since 7th grade but I found caffeine mellows me down a bit and lets me focus better so I'd recommend that if you aren't too sensitive to it.
Adderall for me was a really weird experience because when I didn't have tasks to do, I had to find tasks to do.
The ending of this video feels... oddly unfinished. Ironically even.
Either we get distracted or brain goes "....... no" and we can't. That's it, we can't :)
Neurofeedback therapy helped me. It's noninvasive, and your brain is basically fixing itself by seeing light fluctuations that tell it when it's exhibiting undesirable behaviors.
I take meds but they make my stomach feel horrible
7:38 So relatable 😂
I'd just like to add and say that you don't *have* to take medicine for ADHD. I feel like a lot of people push for meds as a treatment to ADHD and while it is very helpful for a lot of people, medicine isn't a one-size-fits-all treatment for ADHD. There's a whole variety of treatment options to help with your symptoms and that can look different for every individual.
guh
I am gonna be real, ADHD meds have always made my life worse. I would barely eat, I struggled to sleep, and my focus was barely helped.
OMG YOU POSTED
Ics but drug
I like how no one notices what the cow was saying 😭
I use vivance
I’m starting to question if I have ADHD
Sounds like ADHD is a reason to be lazy and not discipline.
Wanna know something odd? So apparently there’s little to no research on the effectiveness of ADHD meds on ladies, so you kinda have to just take what you have if you’re female at birth. Thankfully Vyvanse works just fine for me, but kinda disappointed they haven’t gotten to do a few tweaks on it to better support us. Also, you might wanna try taking anxiety meds with Vyvanse if you aren’t already. I take Prozac with it and it gets the job done, otherwise just take Adderall if you like… really need to clean the house or something? X,>
I have adhd and so far I’ve tried at least 4 different medications because they had MAJOR effects like,staying up for multiple days (only 2) the second, where I COMPLETELY lost the sensation or whatever it’s called to eat, so I wasn’t eating and was forced to, then the 3rd caused extreme mood changes. In all honesty every time I do take the medication I fell soulless and like what I’m doing isn’t even me doing it, I’m pretty sure this 4th medication is causes depressive thoughts, which of course isn’t a good thing but other then that I wish that 3 years ago I DIDNT say that the medicine had worked only after barely realizing anything had had in just 1 day.😢
Actively procrastinating by watching this video. Meta af
na but why does the freind with adhd look E X A C T L Y like my science teacher (and my science teacher had adhd)
I haven’t seen you 8n a hot minute
I have been taking Vyvanse (but it’s called Elvanse in the uk) for a little over a year now and I’m starting to feel like it’s not doing anything to help me anymore and it’s making me feel sad because it did really help and now I just feel like I have adhd all over again but I don’t want to increase the dose and do the trial and error thing to see if it works again. Plus it makes me grind my teeth. This video was kind of well timed.
I have ADHD and tried meds, but decided that I didn't like them or my psychiatrist, stopped the meds cold turkey and felt like death for 2 months. I'm fine now tho?
i feel ya dude i also have ADHD xD
Just unsubscribed :) Weird request but ok👍
So, I don't have ADHD, we did the whole test thingy twice, and it just came out with Anxiety (what joy! what an amazing gift it is, anxiety!) but I can relate to this. I start task C, even though I should do task A and B first, then I don't even finish the least important task, task C. Like, my dad was setting up a new computer (new to us, at least), and it kind of became mine since everyone else has one, so I was just logging into Microsoft and saw that my pfp sucks, so I went to find another, and didn't even find one- I have work due tonight and I've only done half (got some of it done yesterday). I also have something due next week, but I have a thing and would rather get it done this week (I'm not getting it done this week). I just think I'm super lazy, but I don't know if that's the whole story- I honestly don't know.
drug
5:23  Don't know whether I should feel attacked or seen right now.  Maybe ritalin isn't working for me either :))
I started strattera and... Nothing nothing changed been taking it for a while need to get a different prescription T^T
yis another animation
I’m going to what’s basically a “checkup” with my neurologist tomorrow for my ADHD, I had a lot of the same problems so I got prescribed the same medication as you but I ended up with the same symptoms as you after taking it so I switched over and am currently taking Concerta and it’s really helped and I haven’t had any problems with it so far, been taking it for about a year and a half
Ive been taking vyvansse since kindergarten and I so know what youre talking about
is the thumbnail a reference to the pufferfish eating a carrot meme?
My psychiatrist told me it was fine to come off of vyvanse cold turkey style. Also helps me keep away the chest-crushing anxiety if i only take it a few days a week
I WILL NEVER TAKE MY ADHD MEDS NYAAAAHHHH!
I get more distracted and more irritable and impulsive without meds so
*Just to be clear this creator is describing what it’s like to have legitimate ADD (~10% of population).* And not folks who have ADD induced by TikTok and other social media(or so they claim) lol
Hey man, I have ADHD and have been through a lot of the same things trying out different drugs. Keep at it until you find something that works long-term—it’s worth it!! I wish you all the best and am rooting for you! ADHD life is rough and wonderful all at the same time.
8 RANDOM TRUMPETS.  NAME A BETTER SONG.
I was enjoying polish cow before I was rudely interrupted
Shouldn't you have gone to withdraw when not taking the meds?
The over lapping thought stuff can be a pain
i am a medicated adhd boi, its true
skill issue
I've been struggling with a severe case of ADHD my entire life, all I can say is keep trying new medication because you will end up finding the one that is right for you, I originally took Vyvanse but the withdrawals made me depressed and after trying so many new medications I eventually landed on concerta, which was perfect for me. Keep trying and you will find results, keep a notebook of how thease medications made you feel and what you found wrong with them and talk to your doctor and they will help you find the medication for you! Best wishes dude!
My experience with ADHD meds was completely different. I was hyper focused and could do the tasks I needed to- but after a couple months or so it just deflated. Now I’m back to being scatter brained. It sucks ass cause I’m already at a really high dose lmao
Taking vyvanse made me very aggressive and short tempered
Inwas diagnosed with ADHD 15 years ago, taken ritalin the first 10 years, Took a 4year break and just started again and the symptoms were really bad, but i gotta keep getting used to ritalin, really heavy meds.
Unsubscribed.
Please normalize for the next video. Normalize audio loudness. THx
Bro this happens to me all the time and i have to do a lot of work rn
I’m sorry it didn’t work out for you :( my mom and me take the same ADHD medicine and on the lowest does she has hard time sleeping and doesn’t like it really and only takes it if she really needs it. I take almost the maximum dosage and it works great for me, the only thing is I focus so much and it blocks the hunger receptors so I don’t eat and realize I’m hungry until I’m have severe hunger pains.
Have you thought of doing concerta?
Me watching the silly internet man mention adhd symptoms as I am displaying most of them: mm completely a coincidence I’m sure
Accurate
My friend is constantly changing medications whenever one wears off. Shes running out of resources tho. BUT if you wanna know what 8 trumpets sounds like, theres a style of music (I think it's called baroque? Something from that era) where every instrument is basically doing it's own random thing, and its orchestrated so finely it fits together like a pair of hug-mugs
I'm so glad I'm going through this journey the same time you are. Relating to your thoughts make me feel better
Yes adderall and meth are almost identical in effects and composition we need to move path these ways of thinking. The difference between prescription medications and street drugs is whether you’re poor or not, it’s all class related.  Meth is simply easier to abuse and those who take it are more likely to be actively abusing it as well as other substances. Meth itself is not bad and we need to stop acting like some drugs are so much worse than others when it’s just class differencesz.
it's really interesting to see what other adhders experiences with meds are as someone who's never been medicated. I've got a good situation figured out for myself, so it's cool (sometimes concerning lol) to see what the medicated folk have experienced. Love your videos man, keep up the great work!!
This is relatable for me
Vyvanse <3
2:00 I take vivanse  Nom nom Brain much focus
They put me on Adderall when I was a kid and it made me hyper aggressive and hallucinate  Vyvanse made me not hungry
“Is the heat death of the universe something that I need to worry about?” 😁😅🥲😶
I found concerta was the best fix for me.  It’s a slow release
Vyvanse is just meth, absorbed at a slower rate. 😂 I have ADHD and had trouble getting to sleep before 1 AM with adderall, so I switched to ritalin, which is a different drug. It was good for a while, then I felt like it was disrupting my sleep as well, so I started cutting my pills in half, and now I usually don’t take anything.
You can tech yourself ot focus.
Happy days in America... ADHD medication is in shortage thanks to "worker constraints" I've been off my meds for about 4 months now. Just in time for me to try and work for myself full-time.
Thank you for talking about this! It’s nice to hear someone relates. I wish I would have realized/been told about the immediate & long term effects of adderall sooner 💜
As someone with diagnosed ADHD type 3 and dyslexia type 2, I've helped to manage my symptoms naturally by including these things:  1. Raw vegan life style.  Research this before jumping in; it's not easy to transition and to follow through, but it pays off because you have so much energy and mental clarity.  2. Natural probioticsThey've helped me out a lot.  3. Vipasana meditation It helps with inward focus and keeping my mind clear of excess thoughts. 4. Sleeping on a yoga mat with my back straight. This helps push oxygen from your spinal cord all the way up to your brain. Meaning more oxygen equals less stress, and deeper restorative sleep equals better recovery and overall mental mood.  5. Physical exercises. These include bodyweight training. Can be as simple as 25 to 45 minutes per day to stimulate dopamine, seratonin, and natural hypotherpy.  6. Seint peperments oil. It's a natural antidepressant and helps stimulate serotonin and dopamine receptors. Helps me stay energized, focused, and calm.  7. Cold showers + whifhoof breathing. Cold showers reduce the stress in your central nervous system and produce white blood cells, which help regulate the flow of oxygen to your blood and brain. It stimulates dopamine and is great for muscle recovery. Regarding the Wim hof similar stuff and helps you get into a deep focused present state of mind, body and spirit.  8. semen retention. Know that this is more of a life style incorporated from the Indian Vedic principles of the Bramachari. Research it and apply these life teachings. You'll see tremendous results if you practice properly mentally, physically, spiritually, and emotionally.  9. Mundras + mantras while meditating. This will help stabilize the energy flow of prana through your body and make you brake frue new spiritual hights.  10. Yoga.  A simple 15 to 30 minutes per day is enough to stretch the body and release any tension present in it. It helps to open your membranes and allow energy and emotions to flow freely.  11. Being outside in nature.  As for 1 hour and 30 minutes. This will naturally recharge your auric field, ground you, and clear your stress.   There is more, but for now, thanks for reading my Ted talk.
im already too deep with adhd meds so i kinda need to keep going :(
I remember having to take ridlin as a kid…  It just turned me into a psychotic mess in elementary school.  Then again ADHD between boys and girls are different so theirs that( not sure if I have it or I just struggle with directions and hate having any one repeat the directions to me)
Adderall Extended Release has worked amazingly for me, though I have been thinking of trying Vyvanse! I’ve heard good things about it.  Now, I feel it’s important for me to say I didn’t start taking it until I was 26 or 27 - after the age where the brain is more or less done developing (25). I have NOTHING to back this up, but I feel that had a great impact on how well it works.
This is why you need therapy + meds
d r u g
i think this is the exact video i needed to see rn because i have both autism and adhd which means i have *HORRIBLE* executive dysfunction and so i got put on adderall to help it and. well so far its gone EXACTLY like how you described it i can do physical tasks really well but as soon as i sit down to do schoolwork my brain just goes ghrhgrhgrhghrg i think i should talk to my doctor abt vyvanse though because that one does actually sound WAY better
This is why I take Ritalin in the 10Mg pill. I can scale the dosage according to what I need to get done that day and find that different dosages relate to different outcomes - 20mg for work stuff, 30mg for physical 'doing' stuff and at weekends I don't take anything because, you know, it's the weekend.
Bro I thought that maybe I had ADHD until I went to the doctor and she told me 'u can't have adhd bc ur a girl' Therefore I no longer trust the government OR our health system
I wanna know how your journey with this goes. Keep updating please? ...If there are any?
guh
I tried meds for my ADHD one time, it made it so much worse and I was constantly exhausted (don't remember the name of it)
As someone with the tism I think I may be a tad more neurodivergent than I initially thought
Try a non stimulant maybe
I'd maybe suggest concerta it can give you the tunnel vision but your still fully aware of why your doing the thing at it allows you to break out of the tunnel vision if needed (for me at least I oan know nuttin')
*HES JUST LIKE ME FR*
I was always on meds.... unless I wasn't. Back in school it was Ritalin, Adderall, Dexatrine, all that fun stuff. But it wasn't fun because the pills tasted bitter so it was infrequent. I found out later that my mom didn't really enforce the regiment due concerns about over-medicating children. (Doctors tried to put my autistic brother on lithium because this was the early 90s)   So one day I just stopped taking it. Since I was in high school and had stupid teen brains I reveled in the respect I got from being off meds. Turns out this was a bad idea and spent the next decade feeling fucking awful and turning to anti-depressants.   I'm back on ADHD meds now, following some research which may have included this channel. But I didn't want meth either so I started on Wellbutrin, combined with Zoloft. I'm... stable, but damned if I don't curse my stupid freight train brain.
Medication is great, but it's usually only meant to be a temporary assist. What people generally need is to actually be trained in how to handle their brain.  Think about it, like building a base of operations. Neurotypical people are taught how to utilize their brains in order to build that base, and because they're on solid ground, they're taught to build a foundation for a building.  ADHD brains are often not given the assist we need because we are assumed to be like neurotypicals. Like fitting a square block into a circle hole, it doesn't work.  And since our brains are 1000x more chaotic, it's 1000x harder to build it that foundation on our own because you're not on solid land, you're on a stormy ocean. You don't need a building, you need a boat that can handle the rocky seas.  Medication then acts as a way to stop the storm. It holds the water still for a while. But if you don't then utilize that time to try and build the discipline and skills you need in order to make your own vessel, then you'll either always rely on drugs or those drugs will stop working and you'll be back to square one.  This is why Psychiatrists are great but you want a Psychologist to actually help you master the art of surfing chaos.
Long time medication tester (or so it feels) and ADHD connoisseur Somehow, I learned to live with it without medication. Best I can describe it, is one day I woke up and just knew how to deal with it. Discovered that it would hyper-trigger with uncertainty so I just learned to actively avoid uncertainty.  I also hated every medication they put me on. Some zombified me (for lack of a better term), others put my brain "a few inches to the left". (some might understand that).  Realistically, I think I just hated that I understood and observed I wasn't really "me" anymore. Sure, the productivity and focus were nice but they weren't me. ADHD is goofy.  PS. Get something to mess with. Found Tom's Fidgets, there's one that's literally 2 sections of bike chain connected by keyrings and it is amazingly simple, small, easy to manipulate and easy to maintain my focus with.  Bless you for this video though. The thought train (1:07) is the best example ever lmao
For me, meds help, i had to lower my dose because of side effect (out of breath, hearth was pumping way too fast, etc). So me and my doctor talked about it and figure that by lowering it, they would still help me, but i also have to do more effort, learn to control my emotions, leave my credit cards in the car so i don’t buy anything out of impulse (i have time to think about it by going back to the car and the shop), use reminder (alarms, post it or object for visual reminder), forcing myself to eat at least a little something for diner even tho my meds make me lose appetit (protein bar for the win when i really don’t feel hungry, otherwise by 3 o’clock, my stomach is killing me and i have headache) and adapting my house for me and my brain. There is still bad days, where my adhd gave me trouble, but most of the time, we make a good team and manage to survive the day. Its not always easy to adapt ourselve to the world, but we kinda all have that strenght to adapt and be creative about it :)
30 on trending we did it bois!
i take vivance, same as all my siblings have done. raised it until i found the sweet spot at 70mg, ever since my grades at school have jumped up.
The timing of this video is incredible, today I started taking ADHD meds, can't relate more, also Polish memes are always appreciated lol
Everyone has adhd remember when u were a kid and you just look away and never listen to your teacher yeah thats called mini adhd (Joke do not hate me)
I love that polish cow is being used more and more my friend and I discovered it back in early 2020😭😭
As a kid most these meds turned me into a lifeless work zombie glad I stopped in highschool while some classes I had to take twice I really powered thru and graduated on my own some people can become really dependent on these meds and it's kinda scary to see a small child fiending for thier Adderall so I've never know how to feel about it
orange
yeah. i'm not taking the meds. maybe i should idk.
Okay I have a small percent chance.. I have ADHD 😭  I know we have to be diagnosed by a doctor and not simply think you have.. ADHD..  I FEEL LIKE I HAVE IT IM SORRY🤔
When I took Vyvanse I was pretty productive but after awhile I became extremely emotional and started to uncontrollably cry because my mom told my cousin I got braces and I wanted to tell him
Concerta is pog
You're trending! You're famous! Nicely done! ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨😈😈
I have adhd too. I’ve taken vivanse and conserta. Couldn’t make it through the day without ‘em. Ur not alone I love ur content.
Imagine having ADHD and you need to do your ADHD pills.and then you think of a quicker task and keep thinking of them so you never take your pills 0.0
So, apart from the fact that a Brazilian youtuber (was) tracing your sketches. Nice content
headaches is the main problem for me with vyvanse, along with having worse social skills (I don't feel like ME) its required for me since I'm in school but man I have to drink GALLONS of water and even then the headaches dont stop.
chad polish cow
Not diagnosed but..  There was this time in math class when the teacher was explaining a math problem, at first I was actually playing attention but there was a tiny piece of string one the floor and I start focusing on the sting and completely forgetting about even being in a class...  Also, I'm in my 4th year of high school and I still can't tell the name of someone of my class mates. It's not like it the first time seeing them caz it's the same set of students from year 2 and I talk to them regularly but some their names just pop out of my head? Ig  Also I have problems doing tests, but not because ime dumb. I have to read the question a couple of time before I can actually process it. I sometimes just completely zone out idk why.. Sometimes when writing the answers to a question I just randomly forget what I'm writing and have to read it over...   So ya :]
Why dose his brain look like skinless pochita lol
Unsubscribe? Ok!
damn i really need drugs for my med school
Having adhd is truly the thing ever
I stopped taking medication at age 7 and it helped me a lot! Now at age 12, things are a lot better and I think I'm slowly losing ADHD and learning to focus on certain things. But something I would NOT recommend doing if you have this disorder is to not stay up late it's horrible and can affect your ability to focus quite a bit.
Um yea Adderall is fucked i took this as a kid and it made me into a zombie/ anemic so i had ti be taken off it
Great video! I am in a similar situation. I'm in the middle of changing medications right now, having gone through similar yet different experiences with Vyvanse and Adderal.
I think having a schedule is a big helper. I even have a timer on my desk. I say work 30 mins. break 10 mins. work 30. luckily i live alone so no one get annoyed with my timer
This whole f****** video is funny as hell
Out of curiosity, did you take adderall quick release (QR) or extended release (XR)? I was initially prescribed QR and it was not a good time, lots of side affects. I found XR to be much mellower and had little side effects. Currently, I’m no longer taking either because of insurance issues and it’s been ok. A cup of coffee in the morning helps me get kick started but it’s not perfect. Thanks for sharing your experience so far, please keep us updated on how it goes. I’d love to learn more.
Guh
This needs to be heard by lots of people. Especially those medicated as children and now feel lost as adults.
As a person with adhd I can relate
Had a lot of college buddies that took this kind of stuff. One of them was smart enough to only ever taken on days that he knew he was gonna be sitting inside the library for at least three hours. That way he could at least focus on work or else he looks out of place.
I have ADHD I'm 11 super damn hyper
I can so relate with the "middle" part... if I have 4 tasks I need to do at work I will keep juggling between them... telling myself "this one will be done faster" and then feel bad cause I'm not doing the other ones I've already started on... and go back to those... I'll finish them all eventually... after a lot of stress and jumping from task to task tho...
First time I took meds for my ADHD I kinda lost the ability to think. My mom said I would act like a zombie going through the day with no emotion, how I remember it was the meds where supposed to help with me not moving as much and it did but it would have me zone out and then just not be able to think it was like being in a box with no way out and not even yourself to keep you company. But I am off them now and have been for a while and are going strong 😊. Love the vid btw
this is like such a great way to talk and learn about serious topics and i didn't realize it before
Absolutely gobsmacked when I realised that my performance in tests WASN'T luck-of-the-draw and studying was actually meant to do something. I thought other students were JOKING when they said the reason they did well was because they studied, and asking "how do you think you did?" was a fun game of Lotto after a test.
Hey man, I have super severe ADHD! But, I was only diagnosed as a sophomore in high school. As such, I’ve gone through my acclamation period of not just knowing that I have it but understanding how it affects me and how I can deal with it as a much more mature person and I’ve learned a lot about it. If you want to talk and want any help with strategies or things that might make your life better I would love to be a resource for you if you are interested. Despite my ADHD, I go to an Ivy League school and developed a lot of strategies to get me here and even more that are keeping me here.  I remember seeing one of your old videos where you call yourself dumb and thinking to myself that you probably had a learning disability. Someone like you can come up with this level of content is not dumb. I would love to be able to repay you for all the heartwarming content you have given me over the years with some advice and strategies that I’ve developed. Hope you make great progress on your journey!❤❤❤
i take concerta. try it out. it helps me focus but i also still have a sense of what i have to do
Me when
This really made my day!
Concerta did to me what vivance did to you. I ditched em too and am off meds now. Been needing the motivation to talk to my quack. TY <3
Having meds for the first time is...an experience.  I was on meds when I was younger. I knew something was different, but I wasn't capable of articulating what yet.  Than I had a big gap with no meds.   Than I had them again in High School...and HOLY SHIT did I notice the difference than. I could actually DO something without starting 97 other tasks  in the middle of it.  That it dropped off a little after High school and a couple of years later I got on Vyvanse (still am actually.) This stuff WORKS for me. I can process background info. Before I take it, I look at the bush (or forest, I don't mean bush as in shrub) outside my window and I just see bush. But when I'm on Vyvanse, I can see the individual trees and branches. I automatically see the detail instead of it being all blended together into one concept.  It's...nice.  Than there was that time I accidentally double dosed on my Vyvanse 70mg. 70mg is the max dose you're supposed to have at one time. (By the way, not recommending or endorsing this. There are potentially fatal side effects under the wrong circumstances.) Didn't see much at first until I left for work that day. But when I went outside with more stimuli...HOLY SHIT!!!!! EVERYTHING was smoother, even the feeling of turning my head from left to right to look at something. Colour also seemed brighter.  Than I discovered something amazing. Turns out that the quarter of a second it takes for my eyes to adjust to something new that I'm looking at wasn't what I thought it was. It turns out it wasn't my eyes adjusting as I thought it was. It was my brain processing it...I'd never questioned it before because it was always there. But now...THAT WAS GONE. That tiny fraction of a second that was always just there when ever I looked at something didn't exist anymore. I asked my mum and dad about this later that night and apparently they'd never had that...but my dad had noticed me doing it. The little pause before doing something.  All I could think of was....Is this what it's like for neuro-typical people all the time? I could finally understand how big the gap was. People like us can't make split second decisions because we have to take that split second to process what's happening. It turns out, for people like us (well at least for me), to get to even approaching the same level as a neuro-typical person, we have to take double the maximum recommended dose of our medication...which is pretty dangerous.  So yeah, I DO NOT recommend purposely overdosing on your meds just to feel this. It's cool, but not worth it given the potentially deadly side effects.
I stopped taking my medicine, which was Ritalin, because it always just made me sleepy and instead of being focused I was even more out of it, not even getting distracted by anything I was just a walking husk.
I relate to this story so much
I've found that the end thing he said not to do is actually not true. In my case, it was with antidepressants. I had my first meds in college and those made me feel five times worse. I told my psych and she said to stop taking them immediately. If your meds are making you feel worse, just don't take them.
My ADHD is so bad that I can't even remember to take my meds most days. I'm still trying to figure out how to make it consistent.
He needs COMPY :√
I relate so much, But like I have the hyperactive along with being unfocused. And the hyperactivity is what makes me unfocused. So I take a thing called guanfacine and it stops the hyperactivity. And helps me focus, but when I'm left along to do tasks nothing gets done for some reason I can only do stuff around others. Anyways that's my experience 😗👍
I would keep going, if ya still want it fixed, up to you tho.
i hate thise isgdfodbfagskijhpuijkhldsf dsfgahjlk
guh
I was literally watching the cow thing in class today on a 10 hour loop
OMG heat death of the universe in a youtube video!!!?? the science nerd in me is happy !!!!!!
My psychiatrist was like "oh, you got a diagnosis? here you have the largest possible dose, don't take more than that" (this is, of course, highly irresponsible, but I was studied up on all the short and long term effects enough to figure it out myself anyway)  So I took a quarter of the max dose and I absolutely _tripped_ for _9 hours_ (which is double of how long it was supposed to last). I could focus on things, I could choose what to do, I could be productive, but I didn't feel like me. I didn't feel at home in my own brain. It felt like I couldn't trust myself to act in my best interest. Like if I were on alcohol or something, except I'm still very aware of being like that.  I tried an eight of the dose I was prescribed, and that was much more manageable. I had to actually remind myself to do things, but then I did actually manage to do them. But after a week or so, it started leaving me permanently exhausted, like mentioned in the video. It felt like I was pulling the life force out of my brain. It felt unhealthy. So I stopped. Which I could do because my psychiatrist had told me literally nothing at all.  From this experience, I learned what the "able to do things" state of mind feels like, and now I can just choose to go into that state of mind whenever I want to. It is somewhat exhausting, and taking the medication makes it effortless, but I haven't needed to take it in months and manage to be productive for a few hours every day, which is good enough for me.
0:15 you can get demonize for the song bc in polish it is about crack
Ur vids are a tiny bit quiet
Adderall for me worked a bit but it was like. I remembered my coffee faster only had to reheat it once instead of 3.  Another one worked for me but my husband got home and I freaked him out he said I was freaky like the kids from the shining "Welcome home husband."👁_👁   Oh I already watched this video. I do not remember that. Bumped up my adderall some more so around 50%-75% of tasks get done in a day
This is extremely relateable. I have a mix of both ADHD types and I take concerta. I never had issues with it.
I did one thing I was supossed to today and now im sidetracked watching Youtube... I feel like AD-HD is less affective in the mornings? Or is it just me XD Love this vid!
POLISH COW
This is incredible and explains the experience so well
is this video low volume for other ppl?
The one I take is concerta and it is totally different from any of the ones that he mentioned
Interesting. This is pretty much exactly the opposite of my experience with ADHD medication. I'm very pleased to have had the chance to hear about this, it brings new perspective I wouldn't have otherwise had.
Yeah i have ADHD i feel like that
I don’t know if this will really help you or not, but my solution has always just been to constantly drink coffee. For whatever reason it works for me.
Man my therapist just told me she thinks I have adhd, the universe is giving me a sign
1:54 I felt that lol
I actually watched the polish cow meme at Bulgaria class
I’ve been waiting for this
I thought the sign on the store said bomb difusal classics because the e looked like a c to me 😂 I had to rewind and after seeing the speech bubble it made a lot more sense
I get real bad about my focus and always overstimulate myself with a lot of tasks at once to keep my ADHD busy as it likes to be, but the meds have been a game changer.  I still love being hyper and zoomy regardless of the ADHD, though. Haha makes things more fun
I think being off meds has been considerably worse for me but have you considered Guafacine? Covers both adhd and anxiety but again depends on the person
Alr I'll unsub! /J
As a Polish person I am satisfied with the intro
I feel that bro. I gotta retake Algebra
I started taking Vyvanse at 7 years old. It actually worked pretty well, but after around 7 years of taking it, I realized that it wasn't helping much with high school and I was used to it. I switched to Concerta until my family's insurance stopped supporting generic Concerta and they wouldn't support name brand. I'm currently on Mydayis, which gives me generally less focus, but I feel better emotionally.
Love this person man love them
I'm a person with ADHD and have been taking Vyvanse for as long as I can remember past Kindergarten (so, probably about 5 or 6). Vyvanse is definitely a good drug for making it past a day of school or long projects. It's worked for me, primarily because I'm used to it. I have two main theories as to why IceCream might've experienced problems with Vyvanse. The first is the huge dump of dopamine your brain gets from Vyvanse. Vyvanse is a stimulant, so it's essentially like swallowing the worlds strongest coffee. People with ADHD have a critical lack of dopamine-- and therefore their brain has to adjust whenever they take Vyvanse. This usually causes headaches and bad moods. Interestingly, the opposite effect is also true! My brain has been using Vyvanse for so long that I receive a headache if I forget to take my medicine for a day. It's just the brain's way of saying: "Hold on, this is different. I need to adjust." Which might mean they IceCream too high of a dose. The other problem with Vyvanse is that it numbs your ability to feel hunger, thirst, and sleep, and this is a trait that's shared with other types of drugs. It's enirely possible that while IceCream put himself on the medicine he also couldn't hear his body's needs-- which would explain why he had an unpleasant experience.  Sorry if I mixed up some medical jargon, but these are my best guesses!
fun lil pharmacology lesson: Adderall works by essentially not allowing dopamine to leave your system through its usual mechanisms, so that it's still around to be used by your body for good stuff like focusing, and also producing norepinephrine, which is ALSO good for focusing. its worth noting that, while Adderall is a mix of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine, it is not "like meth"; they are only in the same family of drugs. Vyvanse has a longer effect because it's what is called a "prodrug", which means it itself doesn't do anything, but it will metabolize into things that DO do things. Vyvanse breaks down, by an enzyme in your blood, into Lysine (an amino acid), and d-Amphetamine. it is stronger than Adderall because it is directly in your blood stream by the time it even begins to work, making it a longer and stronger focus
well, meds are a gamble by themselves, I started taking something that gave way more anxiety than I already had and changed it later. It's going good so far but well, you should keep trying until you find your ideal combination, personally I finally can focus on important things when I have to.
I feel this, I take vyvanse and on it i have made a parody of the periodic table, categorized all of the character me and my friends have made into multiple spread sheets sorting them by my opinion of their power levels, sorted 5 years of lottery numbers in an attempt to try and find a pattern. All of which i had some profound enjoyment out of, but none of which were productive. That being said, I was on a 50mg dose and stopped because i was wired well beyond the 12 hour mark, now i'm on a 20mg dose and I feel slightly more focused during the day.
i feel so understood watching this lmao
Bro I just heard that song earlier today and was like "omg I love this song!"  And then... BAM! again! 0:01
Concerta helps a lot with concentration and hyperactivity
I take Concerta and dude it's really weird I don't know if it's because it's a high dosage or not- after a few minutes I'll feel my heart beating and feel a bit nauseous. I think it's because I'm not use to caffeine-
I hate being on meds....
It's just really cool to see bigger names talk about my experiences.
THIS MF IS  A L W A Y S SPONSORED BY NORSVPNN AHSUEIOA CV
Idk about meds, normally I can't focus in class and end up drawing, but if I take my meds, I go straight to drawing anyway. It's a problem
A lot of "helpful" things I've been told by doctors, haven't helped with my ADHD. What I learned that actually helped, is the understanding that medication is a TREATMENT not a CURE for ADHD. Yes you can focus, but you can't choose what you focus on. If you can't find ADHD meds helpful, or they kick in super suddenly, try a lower dose or an extended release dose. Obviously medication isn’t the only treatment, but I take medication, and it's a valid treatment. Stay safe everyone, and please make sure your doctors are all on board with your treatment plans, and if one thing doesn't work, there are other options and you are not alone!!!
I have ADHD I’m a kid in school so yeah I would recommend Ridellan
So, I'm a guy with ADHD and I understand what you're talking about. What I did was I started on a 30mg dose of Vyvanse, and it worked great. Eventually I felt the effects less overtime and so I started taking the 40mg dose. Now I'm here and doin fine taking 40mg every morning before school. My suggestion is trying a smaller dose of Vyvanse so that your body can get used to taking the medication. I dunno how much you took per day, but my suggestion is starting with a small dose to acclimate your body to FOCUS.
The just-stopped-running sensation sounds a lot like anxiety which I suffer from. I'm taking ritalin and I find that if I don't take it with food I will get really anxious and/or feel nauseous. But I also recently did a deep clean of my apartment and redid my entire home office work setup and have gotten really into building PCs again... so the bit about focusing on things you can do with your hands is really resonating with me. I need to do a better job of starting the task I need to be focused on when I take my meds.
My experience with adderall seems to be closer to your experience with Vyvanse. I can focus but I have no executive function
my vyvance experience was exactly the same 😥 I ended up just stopping taking the meds too, the hyperfocus was leading me backwards instead of forwards. I think if I were to ever try going on medication again it would be a short release version of vyvance
I have relatine but I don’t have adhd I’ve been tested 3 times nothing but I have symptoms
ice cream sandwich: i did something you're NOT SUPPOSED TO DO me, having twice, on different ADHD medications, stopped taking my meds for like a month bc they weren't working: huh i wonder what this can be about
Me who his family thinks I'm joking about having ADHD and call me pathetic for asking to visit a psychologist: am i a joke to you?!?!?
....welp....bois....i think im going to head to my local dea- i mean drug store to get me some of this thing he calls "fOcUs"
THE "oh my god" AT THE POOR DOPAMINE
I can just FEEL the ADHD from the humor of your content. And lemme just say, I'm subscribed
I was on Concerta for a while and I kinda had the same problem where I could Do Physical Things but I couldn't Focus, so I went to my doctor and he gave me a very very slightly different med called Focalin, which is essentially the more active part* of Concerta. It works a lot better for me and I can sustain attention for hours now. If anyone is struggling with finding meds that work, see if the one that works best has another form -- it can really help!  *Basically in chemistry some molecules are twisty (also called "chiral") and methylphenidate (Ritalin/Concerta) is one of them. With a lot of substances, the direction of the twistiness matters and can have a huge impact on how your body reacts to it. So Focalin is dex-methylphenidate, which is the same as methyphenidate except there's only one direction of twisting. The crappy half gets filtered out in the manufacturing process so it doesn't clog up the receptors in your brain with the part that doesn't really help you, while the good half has easier access to the places it needs to be.
The more and more I watch this video, the more I realise that I may need to see a doctor about diagnosing me for ADHD or ADD. I exhibit basically all the exact symptoms and have always felt like it’s been hard to focus, because my mind seems to always trail off when I need to be focused on one task.
Yea that’s basically it. I need to try a new med, but I don’t want to lose sleep again 😬 Still trying to find the right concoction.
i have ADHD i ustu spit out my pill whean my mom wuld give it to me
I have severe ADHD and I'm a pharmacy tech. I completely agree with this video, except for one thing. It might seem like a small or trivial detail, but it's important. Adderall is not meth. It contains no methamphetamine. It's a mixture of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine.   Vyvanse is also an amphetamine. Lisdexamfetamine to be specific. So one cannot be adverse to meth and stop Adderall just to jump to Vyvanse.   This isn't an attack or me hating in anyway. This is merely information so others can make an appropriate decision on their care.
Polish cow meme in Ice Cream Sandwich's video... I can die happily now.   Greetings from Poland. 🇵🇱
Polska gurom
I suggest trying caffeine- its a mild effect, but it has a noticeable effect on focus, at least for me. Cup of coffee before an exam and I'm set.   I tried a couple meds once, but I got severe anxiety on every single one of them. We decided to go back to what was mostly working, which was caffeine. So now I have an abundance of caffeine in order to do school work, but schoolwork is getting done most days.
I HAVE IT AND THIS IS TRUE
I am currently taking Adderall and I have taken Vyvanse and I did not have a good reaction with Vyvanse as well. I can’t remember since I’ve taken quite a few different medicines before arriving to addiral because of the Adderall’s shortage in America. It was our last resort at all seems to be doing something for me, but definitely feel a little bit distracted still I can’t tell if it’s just me not focusing hard enough or if I’m doing something else dumb but either way I really related to this video and if you’re still reading thanks:)
fyi the polish cow is not kid appropriate when translated to english.
I find it interesting that rocketry is such a compelling thing for ADHD brains. I’m not medicated but how you described going down that rabbit hole is *exactly* how I decided to buy a model rocket and then somehow ended up getting in to building hybrid rockets a few months later…
He said "dont forget to unsubscribe" so i subscribed just to unsubscribe but then i forgot what i was doing :(
I would take a blood dna test thing to see what medication helps,slightly help,doesn’t help,high symptoms as I did it and it helped me find a good one
Vyvanse is the only thing that ever worked for me, and then it started giving me kidney issues and now I have no meds that work and I want to give up on life tbh. I have coping mechanisms but it doesn't always work. Sigh.
2:43 I laughed so hard because i have adhd and the last video i watched was on how to build a bird house. i was actually trying to build one and stopped midway through it
Funnily enough, meds are working OK for me. Not really noticing the effects, other than you know. Actually getting shit done? My problem wasn't focus as much as it was organizing. Now that I can organize, I feel a lot better. Its different for everyone
I’m back on Ritalin after taking a bunch of other stuff for years and years. This… perfectly encapsulates the experience.
I feel you pain
I liked that cow video at the start man
As someone who was on adhd meds since 7 years old to my freshman year of college, NEVER TAKE ADHD MEDS
Every time I took a new medication (I’ve taken all of the ones you’ve mentioned and more), my doctor would say “if you find that you don’t feel right on it, stop taking it”, so I think you’d be fine either way. I just got diagnosed with ADHD a few months ago, so I’m still tryna find something that works well for me.
dude i take my adhd meds and those bitches dont do anything  what if the meds also have adhd
I hate the “meth” argument. Like okay Desoxyn is *literally* methamphetamine (look it up), but amphetamines can and do help our brains
0:16 I KNOW THAT THAT IS THE METAL PIPE FALLING SOUND EFFECT
Yea the incomplete thoughts thing definitely happens to me Its like im actually FIGHTING my mind to actually develope the thing im trying to think about
I feel the need to point out that Adderall Is not meth. They’re a molecule apart but that makes a huge difference in chemistry. O2 is oxygen. obviously very good for us because we need it to live. But add another oxygen molecule and you get O3. Our bodies can’t process O3. We’d die if we tried breathing only that. One tiny change can make a very big difference.  Not trying to support or refute the effectiveness of medications. Just wanna clear the air on the misinformation about things like thatz
As a nurse who suffers from ADHD, let me reassure you that your response to medication is not at all uncommon. If you'd like to try a different approach to medication that doesn't revolve around overloading your system with dopamine, I recommend SNRIs.   Typically used as an antidepressant, these medications allow you to retain the norepinephrine already in your system and reduce the 'urge' to find stimulation in things without overwhelming your system.
that song is literally about spiraling into cocaine addiction infused void
People without ADHD/ADD will never understand how our thought process is
polish dancing cow!! 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
My problem is I need the get up and go you described with Adderall, but my psych seems intent on trying literally every other medicine ever made instead of adderall because of potential heart side effects
Love you vids man, really cool stuff. For me, I take a form of concerta/ritalin kind of pill, about 16mg , works great, but not every day. It's just for work.  That said, try working out + no booze + good diet and sleep
I have adhd and i need to take meds or i cant get anything done in school but the meds make it hard for me to eat and it makes me more emotional
Medication gave me anger issues and ruined my late childhood to early teenage years.
I've had nuerological illnesses since I was like.. 7, Bipolar, ADHD, ODD, and many more fun letters c: So being on medication for some people its good, like they find that one medication that does them great and poof! they are okay for now. But for a lot of us, we need to find the correct combinations that work and can correct the stupid little chemicals in our brain that does this BS. lol  It can take a while to get better. *checks calendar* I'm 28 now, and I'm at a point where I can function.  Good for you for figuring yourself out :D just remember these cardinal rules. Alcohol is a depressant, don't do it unless you're prepared for sadness and awful feelings. If you want an energy drink, be prepared to bounce off the walls, then run around the world a couple of times before you crash on the couch for a few hours.  Progress is just that, progress. Whether it be small or big, be proud that you've progressed no matter how much.
I've never tried Adderall, but the memes about it have me curious 🙃  I was given Vyvanse from age 13-17, and when I was 15 I got prescribed Ritalin as well, as a short-burst kind of thing. Except in Year 12 we found a new psychiatrist who said I shouldn't need Ritalin AND Vyvanse just to function, so she put me on Concerta.  Nowadays I have the highest dose of Concerta that I'm legally allowed to have as an adult (and it's not really enough but whatever), and I take Ritalin just before I have to go do some socialising. I still crash sometimes, but I think it works.
So, I take Adzenys and it works for me (at least I think it does) but a side effect of it is hunger when you get off of it in the afternoons. That's really the only problem I have with it. You might wanna check it out!
I’m honestly glad I have ADHD
So, you should have gone to see an actual specialist instead or automedicating on random drugs until you almost got severely hurt?
I’m honestly glad I have ADHD
THE WAY HE SAID CONCERTA PLEASEE if u are/were on concerta and have good experiences with it u can leave concerta SUX vyvanse is better
theres other medicine for adhd that might work better for you
Bruh I’m not even on meds and I already have these issues omg haha
I was on Focalin for years, immediate release. I had serious stomach pain and bad anxiety and we eventually traced it back to the meds. We tried extended release. Pain went away, but I couldn’t focus. Switched to Metadate. I’m doing good now. I’ve been on this road for like 15 some years. It doesn’t have to take that long if you stay aware of what you want to change and what you’re actually feeling. It’s ok to keep looking for different meds; work with a good doctor and stay strong 💚
The way I work describes your way of doing task scarily identical. The thing is, I work on the task, but I throw every step together. Not step 1, step 2, step 3... more like switching between steps constantly. And I dob't frigging know if it is ADHD or ADD.  Cause I can also relate to the people who can't sit still.
I remember seeing a post on reddit from a person who takes vyvanse who said that when you're on the wrong dose, it can have much worse side effects than if you get the right dose. I haven't had horribe side effects when the dose I was taking stopped working as effectively, but I think I have acquired more side effects. Also, when I got prescribed vyvanse, my doctor told me that it's quite safe to stop and start taking them, which aligns with my experience, too. The worst thing about suddenly stopping vyvanse is that I get SO TIRED the whole day. Not sleepy tired but just physically tired, so I can't sleep and being awake also sucks.  ADHD meds are really hard to get right, apparently. Vyvanse works pretty okay for me, but it's given me tics that oftentimes emotionally exhaust me over the course of weeks until I just have a big breakdown one day. Overall, 7/10, I like saying "meth time" when I take my pill in the morning lol. ADHD and medications are little special interests of mine, so I love talking about them (I also have ADHD so I just love to talk in general lmao).
From personal experience, methylphenidate and concerta both helped me the most focus-wise. I was also part of some of the early post trial vyvanse users. Never went back to vyvanse after my body adapted to it.
I think you should talk to a doctor to find if it’s the meds but sometimes it is better to stop taking the pills my mom told me that
FUN FACT: You can sell your ADHD prescription to crackheads for some additional income! (hmu for offers)
meds are helpful until they wear off ur brain freezes and u fall asleep
Just got to the end of the video maybe you should try weed indica will relax everything and shut off the other thoughts and sativa dose the same thing but the thoughts you want are coming at you like a bullet train and you’re processing them slightly faster and you’re more energetic and the what I call force walk is activated where you doge weave and move through tasks and it make the thoughts work in conjunction with each other making it incredibly easy to multitask and achieve hybrid is the best of both worlds however if you do this the thc plays a crucial roll in it so if your in a recreational medical legal state shoot for a cbd to thc ratio of 60%thc and 40% cbd that way it dose it’s job and mellows you out if it’s your first time experience the flower and get four carts one I’d say Skywalker OG indica a classic Pineapple Express sativa if you can find it it’s a very old strain Acapulco gold indica dominate hybrid and lemon haze sativa dominate hybrid make sure you test them though there’s the bubble test if you rotate it and the bubble barely moves it passed if it is a little fast that means it was probably cut with vitamin e acetate and that becomes toxic when heated to the point of vaporization and was the cause of the vaping death when they happened and the real reasons provided by interviewees were cut out so it sounds like it’s regular nicotine vaping but it was a cover up to attack both the cannabis and vaping industry then there’s the google test find the socials of the carts look for package differences they change them when someone copy’s it to sell counterfeits and post what they now look like there then find the original website most of the time it’s not the first link so if there is multiple of the same website go to all of them in separate tabs input the package code provided and if one says the code doesn’t exist it’s been copied so not safe I use weed for my ADHD anxiety depression and possible ptsd fears of some tasks suicidal thoughts and general mental stability and sleep and also as an emergency seizure medicine if I run out of my Depakote happy self medicating
We have to have debuffs like this so the common folk can keep up otherwise I'm sure we'd outperform them in everything.
Seriously Andy, good on you for noticing “hey I can do things, BUT I still can’t think, so I’m not gonna stuck with this one.” I got stuck for years accepting a halfway “eh” med and now that I’ve changed things, I’m functioning way better.
I took medicine for adhd in elementary and I stopped because I felt sick while taking it and stuff
I WAS LISTENING TO POLISH COW!!
Was the ad covered with Mario party music? Which one! Miss those times.
Meds take time to figure out and a lot of tries but for most people they're incredibly effective and very much worth it
Ritalin my dude. Been on it for like 20 years now, and the dosage is like... Customizable. Maybe it's just my system being so used to it, but I can take a number of pills depending on what I need to do the next 6 hours. Normal day? 20mg. Important class or got some work to do that's kinda boring but needs to be done? 40mg. Exam? Deadlines coming up on work? SIXTY MILLIGRAMS! Here's the thing though. 60mg was the dose I used to take when I started on ritalin. So I know my body can take it, but after several years of just 20, 60 feels like... Opening my eyes. Defogging the windscreen. Polishing your glasses. My eyes don't dart around and seek interesting stuff, they stay on what I want to focus on. It's really quite excillerating. And yet, it's not addictive at all. To such a degree that I regularly forget to take my medication on my days off, even though I'm supposed to be fully medicated "all day" so to speak.  All of this being said, I do not endorse actually not following the prescribed dosage as ordained by your doctors. Please listen to medical advice over my advice. But ritalin has put my life right, and it has helped my father, and my sister, who both got diagnosed with ADHD after I was diagnosed.
What about Methylphenidate?? I take it and it works mostly great
Whats weird is that apparently everyone in the world has ADD now.... or maybe just everyone in the US. Im gonna go with that. This seems like a US problem moreso than a world problem. Why do you think that is? 🤔 growing up, I didn't know ANYONE with ADD. What changed?  Could it be that we are constantly being bombarded with information, all day everyday, including in work & personal life.... social media is a new thing that demands your attention in 17 directions - and hey! Look at those popup ads over there! Or what about all the microplastics and other garbage in our water, plus all the shit ingredients in our food that are effectively BANNED in other countries? I wonder what kind of effects that has? I dont think everyone has ADD. I think everyone has a lifestyle & food/water problem, and doctors know you're expecting to leave with meds rather than actually put in work to address the problem (plus they get MASSIVE kickbacks from drug companies to do it so, no incentive for doctors to.... y'know.... doctor). Boy it sure seems like we really have created a lot of our own problems as a society and rather than addressing the kind of obvious thing, we look for convenient "solutions". And I say this as someone who apparently has ADD and takes meds for it for YEARS. I've only recently come to these conclusions. Sooooo how do we fix it?
Out of all of the illnesses you should test for if you feel sick, COVID should be the last on the list (unless you hope you got it so you can skip school/work for a week).
" don't forget to unsubscribe.... Wai-" 💀
tbh ive been taking focalin XR since i was like 5, its a good inbetween of adderall and vivance
Bro... do I hade ADHD?!
So I just wanna say. If your having long term effects from a psyc medication for depression adhd anything but the effects are negative to your health and its to the point its not worth it. 100% get off those meds perhaps don't go cold turkey because withdrawal could be worse but if its causing physical and or mental worsening stop taking them. I have never heard from a psychiatrics nor pediatrician that "your having some long term bad effects that could be from the medication im prescribing you and likely isn't something else? Well then I think you should stay on it. It has improved your life so well its worth it." like even if that doctor did I probably wouldn't listen without a LONG good explanation because I don't wanna accidently overdose on meds because their building up in my system or im having a slow but probable allergic reaction of some sort.  its like you turn on the stove and then put your hand on it while it gets warmer. it goes from "my hands are cold" to "this is nice my hands are warm" to "its getting a bit hot I can feel like it might get painfull" to "its painfull why am I doing this. Oh my doctor isn't in so I can't ask if I should get off the meds." Its a very drastic comparison but i think it gets my point across.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam
I’m undiagnosed. But I’be got a meeting set up with my doctors. This is really interesting tbh
I also have adhd, and am taking vyvanse, and this may be exactly what is happening to me. I have had very little motivation on doing my work recently, and I procrastinate a lot. I never really thought that my change in medication months ago might be the reason this is happening now. *Wheeze*  I just sent this video to my mom because it made me realize. Thank you for this video, I think I needed it without realizing.
i have tried a few meds before and after a little while ALL OF THEM stopped working completely. all of the good feelings were replaced with weird side effects like extreme shaking, heartrate speeding up and worst of all hallucinations. im not currenty on aything
I have ADHD and this here is very correct
The way I describe thinking with ADHD is similar to how you described it.  The normal person has a a sort of train of thoughts that behaves like a laser. It's a strong beam that diffuses at the edges. They really only get one or two of these beams. In the ADHD brain, we get a cloud of those beams. They're all very strong but they go EVERYWHERE so we're constantly switching focus from item to item because they all seem to have the same priority in our minds. With practice, the unmedicated ADHD brain can focus SOME of that cloud of high powered beams to have some semblance of a laser.  When medicated however, all of those beams condense into a single MEGA GIGA SUPER DEATH LASER that we call "hyperfocus." When hyperfocus kicks in, it doesn't matter what we're doing, we lose all semblance of time and bodily need and can grind out a task so effectively and without stopping that it would make any normal person's head spin. This has a stipulation though: It's easier to apply hyperfocus to only some of the beams in the cloud.  Due to the fact that the ADHD brain is missing a neurotransmitter called "Norepinephrine", our superpower has an easier time activating if the task at hand doesn't require something called "executive function". In other words, that cloud of thoughts has hot spots and cold spots. We can make our ULTRA MEGA GIGA SUPER DEATH LASER of hyperfocus easier if the task doesn't require a high degree of critical thinking. Critical thinking requires executive function, AKA focus, which, due to the lack of norepinephrine in our brains, is very hard to do. To get around this, the ADHD brain looks for alternative ways of activating hyperfocus. Enter the greatest threat to the ADHD brain: DOPAMINE.  The common brain will use norepinephrine for executive function which allows them cast spells not natively known to the ADHD brain like Planning, Organization, and Foresight. ADHD brains will try to cast these spells but without norepinephrine, that becomes impossible. This is where dopamine comes in. Since the executive functioning part of the brain is basically starving, it starts looking for ANYTHING that will stimulate it. As it turns out, though we're missing norepinephrine, dopamine can stimulate that part of the brain. The problem arises when you realize that dopamine is the "feel good" chemical. So what happens when you're trying to focus on the 6 page essay you have to do by Thursday on why Hooke's Law is one of the most important concepts to mechanical engineering and you start thinking about what the most ideal build is to ensure success when solo-flawlessing dungeons in Destiny 2? Well since there's a lot of dopamine to be had in your theory-crafting in video games, the ADHD brain grabs onto that concept and hyperfocuses on it because that's where the dopamine is and that stimulates the prefrontal cortex which is where executive function occurs.  The moral of the story here is that there is... Well I'll admit that I got a little sidetracked by my own ADHD and don't really remember what I was trying to say but focus requires practice and strategy. It's not easy and it never really will be easy but medication is there to help if you need it. The medication won't do the lifting for you but it will make it way easier to activate your hyperfocus skill. The rest is just part of our daily grind. 💪  Good luck out there everyone. 💕
Whit medicine, can focus on what i want how hard i want. Whit out medicine, can't choose what to focus on and how much.  Don't be a idiot, try every medicin until you either find one or 3 that fits or try them all. Some of them will turn you into a zombie and some will turn you completely mental but keep trying until you find the right one. Don't just try 3-4 and go meh that one was the best but i don't like YXZ about it, skip that one an try another.  For me it took 6 different medications before i found a combination of 2 that worked and made me into a functional human. Also for me, maybe not for you but when i tried a medicin that had a bad/very bad side effect it never ever helped to stay on it a few months more, it never ever got better. For me if i noticed a bad side effect after 3-4 hours it would only get worse and worse the longer i took the medicin.
Forgot I was doing schoolwork
I actually recently got diagnosed with ADHD
Weed works
what is the cow
I have no idea if I have adhd or not
0:17 METALPIPES219x6!!!
As a kid when I took ADHD meds I never felt like myself, the interests I liked seemed boring and I didn't want to do anything so eventually I stopped taking the meds and still haven't
I also have that over laping thoughts thing,thingy thing,thing. I dont know if thats bad or not
Procrastination happens whether you have ADHD or not. I think the thing to keep in mind is that the meds assist with the symptoms, but they don't change habits.
adhd meds made me depressed
damn I didn't expect this to hit so hard. I'm still not sure how I'm going to go forward now that I'm actually out of college because, no structure in my life is really hitting harder than I thought it would.
Drugs are NOT the solution they're a dependency. You lack disciple like most kids do . My recommendation for a solution is martial arts.
ye
Vyvanse made me angry lol. Never. Again.
You know what cured my adhd? Marine bootcamp  If you dont pay attention to every detail, or you lose focus for even a split second, your life becomes hell. Try it out 👍 I was only there for 5 weeks by the way I had to get medically discharged but still
try Ritalin, it has a weird way of making focus happen. for me atleast, it sorta blocks out other things kinda like a tiny hyperfocus, just enough so that if you need to you can break out of focus but too dense to be distracted also time to listen to polish cow for ten hours, SEEEYAAAA
I love hearing people with adhd talk about their life experience because it really validates my feelings. Like, I should be doing homework right now, but am I? No.
I probably have ADHD. I'm not a big fan of medications .
The meds can be good but don't take them for a long time.  I was diagnosed with ADHD at 5 and I took Adderall and Vyvanse till I was 18 and the for all that time I was a completely different person and I never got my old self back even now I lost my creativity and a lot of my happiness to the point of trying to unalive myself around the age of 15.  ADHD is a port of you and taking meds to kill that part of you will leave you feeling dead inside sometimes permanently The medicine really messed me up and the sucky thing is it was never my choice because it was forced on my throat by my parents my doctors and my teachers because they didn't want to deal with me even though I'm the one who had to deal with the side effects of feeling like being locked in a box while my body did tasks it was told to do and if I had no task to do with them I would just sit and stare at one place completely still like a doll for hours until the medicine wore off at like 8:00 at night and then it would be time to go to bed I hate it being stuck in that state even now I absolutely hate being bored with nothing to do because I don't want my mind to sit and wander after having so many silent panic attacks because it was like being in sleep paralysis
I used to take Vivance, stopped taking it after realizing it made me lose my appetite, so I didn't eat much. Now I eat much more.
I have adhd and also have it medicated…. I dont know why u tellin me shit i already know?
Actually, ADHD meds should be safe to quit or go on break for. They only last for a couple hours - 12h anyway and if you survived without meds before then it's OK to takfke a break if you begin to get adverse reactions. Some people only take meds on days they need to go to school/work anyway.  But do double check your specific prescription... This is just true for the most common ones.
It feels like i found the meaning of life when i take 50mgs of this shit
wow i have ADHD and i started with the same medication as you and it turned me into a emotional puddle. then i took this other thing i can't pronounce the name of and it worked
*has symptoms of ADHD* *takes Drug to alleviate symptoms of ADHD* *gains symptoms of Autism*
"What's your phone number? I wanna sell it!"  Best video NordVPN ever sponsored
Even with ADHD this guy is faster at uploading a video then oddoneout
I also take Vyvanse, my dad struggled with adhd since he was a kid and wasn’t medicated until he was diagnosed 30 years later. He’s always told me that the key is building habits, no matter how small they will help. It’s all about making the small steps so your brain will naturally make it easier to keep up with things. Think of it as trying to follow a dirt path that isn’t clearly laid out, versus following a gravel path.
I'm on ADHD meds and this was very relatable! Great video!
I accidentally disliked shoot-
This guy is better then odds one out
What about that cow dance video? I kept waiting for the full version, so I didn’t pay attention.
I've been also diagnosed with ADHD and I take really strong meds as we try to find a way for me to focus better, but it's really hard in my routine since it's a constant change when I'm finally focused on something and then I keep doozing out of the changes, and then for some reason sometimes I'm more focus on something I want to do but I can't do rn and then... I don't whenever I can!! and didn't pay attention to my main task before...  my brain is a mess, with or without any meds lol
I have the same thing and I can tell you right now math class is one of my hardest classes along with Spanish
kurwa
Extremely relatable except I think I've taken a bunch more other meds with varying results haha 😅
Adhd meds fuck me as a kid Adhd meds gave me an eating disorder than now I'm on adhds that doesn't make starve myself
I had the exact same experience with vyvance
I have adhd
what is the beginning
Justice for compy!
again like I said last vid I’m just glad to see I’m not the only one feeling like this, thanks 😁🫡
Me: THE ONLY THING IN MY HEAD IS FIVE GRAMS OF COCANE FLY AWAY ALONE😢
Who has *the* song stuck in his head? No? Just me? ok  Its: Cypis - Gdzie jest biały węgorz ? (Zejście) OR: Polish Cow
Thanks Andy I won't forget to unsubcribe
I love how you depicted adhd accurately. But the part about overlapping thoughts being annoying made me laugh, because it’s even harder when others are talking to you at the same time. 😭
For me when I have to do something I go like “I should do task A” But then when I’m doing task A I get confused and then I start on task A,2 A,3 A,4 etc and I switch between them constantly and then I get nothing done. And that’s whit medicine. Whiteout it I just go “no” and then nothing is done and I beat museum for it. And I take a pretty high dose and I still have this problem. Help :(
For me I need music to keep my mind from going off topic it helps keep me focused and preventing my thoughts from going all over the place it mainly helps me stay on one subject rather then go on about so many random things
I haven't been diagnosed, but i definetly feel like i have ADHD. Even when watching videos, entertainment or something i enjoy (such as this one), i just go around the video box clicking little dots around each corner, making a square or some other patterns. When learning, i just can't seem focus on one thing, and i get bored of it extremely quickly, then get annoyed at myself for not paying attention to it and completely ignore it once again within a few seconds.
This video was made by someone with ADHD.....
maybe the vivance on a lower dose or somethin
3:19 was a TRIP
See, I have adhd. I’ve lived with it my whole life so it’s normal for me.
I'm sending this to my parents because this is exactly what I've tried to talk about but never had the words for about ADHD and meds.
explained adhd so well
It's so hard to sleep with ADHD am I right?🤔
Can someone please tell me the name of the song at the beginning
I have ADHD so I can relate
i love how the silent brain cell finally says "is the heat death of the universe something I need to worry about?"
Volume was a little quieter than usual😮
Did you know that song at the beginning is about cocaine? I
Definitely give Concerta a go! I had similar experiences to you with me jumping through meds and I can tell you that Concerta is so smooth in how it kicks in and kicks out, and it does everything I need it to, while lasting 12 hours. Also, great video, you've earned a new sub from me!
hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Don't forget. More than one ADHD medication exists sometimes it takes time to find the right fit
As a non hyperactive adhd guy myself….. this is why I do weed. Focus, and productive, and it goes away after an hour or two. Just don’t do too much if you’re trying to be productive lol, but it’s the only way I feel “normal “
Either ADHD people need to stop being so relatable or I should talk to a professional. I’ve literally had an ADHD person think I was ADHD.
Wait...  I tried this and i got results Whenever I felt we were dragging off topic I would say out loud,  "Now thats an interesting topic! *but we don't have time right now!* " It would work, unless a song is stuck, then think of a new song with no lyrics  Like choosing a program that takes less processing power
Remember that the meds aren’t in charge, you are.
lol the polish cow kinda fits ADHD even tho it's about drvgs😅
My doc tried to put me on Wellbutrin for my adhd it did not help just made me MAD
i dont take meds and i cant focus on shit but i still understand them what i wanted to say was that idk how it is to be without ADHD
A similar thing happened with me and Vyvance  I then realized I wasn’t eating enough and also not drinking water due to a side effect where it just kills your appetite
Polish cow my beloved  in my heart forever
I don't have ADHD (at least not diagnosed lmao), but I'm autistic, which shares a good bit of overlap with ADHD. I don't think I've ever seen someone depict the brain feelings so right before. A ton of little me's all trying to do different things instead of working together on one thing, thus getting nothing done. I'm on a few different meds but most recently got on wellbutrin, which someone else here mentioned is used off-label for ADHD sometimes. It's supposed to help with the Doing Things, and I think it does help me a good amount. Unfortunately I also have some physical conditions that make it hard to tell if Symptoms are med side effects or just The Usual Stuff. I've talked to my doctors about it and they're pretty sure it's not side effects but uuuuuh big shrug!! I just deal cause it's manageable and I think the benefits are worth it for me. Anyway if you feel so inclined, I hope you make more of this kinda stuff, it's hilarious and relatable!
That polish cow…… it hit different.
he doesn't know the song on the start is about drug overuse
Ask ur medical professional about Concerta. I take it and it’s nice
* d a n c i n g p o l i s h c o w*
ah yes WandSich is back again.
i finally found a med that works for me and then they stopped producing it....... yay...............
Keep up the good work 👍
💊✨
I take vyviance and your experience is my every day. You get locked into YouTube or twitter drama and just can’t escape. Once you have “that thing” it just consumes you  Ritalin made me dissociate and nobody listened to me when I wanted to get off it. It improved my grades but there was this weird feeling of not being there  Adderal gives me insomnia but it really helps for long days where I just need to clean or organize   Overall there are things I like and dislike about each medication and it really is a gamble on what will help and what won’t
This is almost exactly how I felt on meds described perfectly through simple animation
ur so real for this
It's nice to have someone talk about ADHD and it not be in a bad way abd also you might want to ask about ritalin since here in europe that's the one they prefer to prescribe and since I started taking it I can actually pay attention in class and also remember things from class enough that I'm now far from in danger of failing a class
As someone with ADHD I can say this is true I actually have ADHD
In a way I could say this, adhd is perfectly balanced, *as all things should be*
I paused this video to go watch polish cow
As a college student with ADHD, I feel your pain. I've been taking medication since first grade, and it's always a struggle. For me, it's worth it because my ADHD symptoms are far worse than the side effects and difficulties of the medication (to be fair I am studying to be an engineer). I spent nine years on Vyvanse, and bounced between medications before and after. It sounds to me like you were overmedicated on top of being not used to/comfortable with how the meds impacted your mental state. I have been told that some people need only a tiny dose to get the full effect, and others (like me) need a lot more, so you may want to start any future medications at the lowest dose possible, especially because you have only just started trying them out. As for getting used to how the medication impacts you, the laser focus of Vyvanse can be like being strapped to a rocket: it takes a lot of work and practice to be able to direct that attention. It worked for me because I started it while in middle school, so my attention was sort of guided for me, but homework has always been a challenge. I highly recommend you speak to a counselor or therapist (ADHD coaches do exist too) once you find a medication/dose that won't kill you, because developing the strategies and habits to take advantage of the medication efficiently can be extremely difficult to do on your own. Good luck, I hope your journey takes you where you want to go!
Oh yay, classic, adderall is meth misinformation, *yaaaaayyyy*
I actually have adhd and thats why i use ritalin to just help my brain focus on certain tasks and also kinda just make my brain go brrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I already went through a Lot of meds It was interesting
... ok I'll probably need to do a checkup, why does this look exactly like my situation
It was either: writing is amazing, i must write all my work down for the year in the next 5 minutes. Or, it was: I will create the best super factory in minecraft imaginable. Ended up making a tekkit pocket dimension completely powered by burning charcoal over 2 semesters
0:02 POLSKA  GUROM
The fact bro has 1 million views in 1 day 👁️👄👁️
Polish cow be 🔥
I use my ADHD as a tool of learning but I want to learn something new example a full quantum mechanics course and lecture I turn on captions and speed up to video to 2x the speed which isn’t quite fast enough but it’s close and find more of them do the same for a total of 48hours non stop no sleep then I’d sleep for 24 hours and still play the lectures while I sleep so it enters my dream land and I can still learn from it and part of me wonders which part of that is autism and which part of that is ADHD Because my autism is the thing responsible for my hyper speed intelligence sponge of a brain intense levels of smarts, intellect and also the ability to predict event based on current situations I observe at that moment with a 80% chance of accuracy   Ps sometimes my dreams do this thing and shows me watching a movie that hasn’t even come out yet don’t know how that happens example in 2017 I dreamed about a scene from avatar two in a movie theater and when it came out and I saw the scene talk about deja vu and it was the scene where Neytiri was on the burning boat but just the first shot though it has happened more often then I can remember but my family always had some form of juju like that like my empathy is so strong I was able to feel some of my cats say goodbye the worst was Blanca cause poor thing didn’t even know she was dead and after we buried her she said her goodbyes but this stuff is just superstitions but if I ever find that country truck goat path speeder who killed my sweet angel blanca I will rig it to explode when he activates a motion sensor so he doesn’t die but suffers mild injury and loss of his precious fucking truck you want to go 90 down a Winding goat path through the country side and speed up for “bonus points” and let you’re violent German Shepard known county wide for patrolling the country unchained with an even more aggressive tiny dog that somehow can sick the German Sheppard on anyone he wants to if he didn’t do it on its own and will also attack cars if the little fucker barks at them like full on biting the cars and following them home and is very well known for destroying animal kennels and shredding pets and livestock not for food for fun we had a pet rabbit in a cage elevated so she would be protected but that didn’t stop Winston no no no he ripped the cage open and tore her into a lifeless pulp and without Winston that little fucker is actually a big ol pussy and it got so bad that the neighbors let’s just say had a procedure for him if he got out a line on their property again We were one of the neighbors who had this plan to shoot him till he’s dead and drop him in the creek Because he would kill chickens goats I think he got one donkey one well-placed bite And the little one going after the ankles other German Shepard’s from the local breeder he’d rip apart the chain link fence and rip and tear that household and it’s animals are probably still are a goddamn menace to that neighborhood if that dog wasn’t killed by now and also good luck getting off the bus from school to get home because the second I made it to the ground little gremlin dog yips twice activates Winston and he lunged snapping his jaw at me and growled and bared his teeth at me and wouldn’t let me leave the bus or go home I had to wait for someone in a side by side armed with a shotgun and some slugs in case he got too brave and tried to jump into the side by side now important to know I was in the sixth grade at this time and who know how many children he threatened or worse attacked I learned very quickly how to use a revolver for future use that day I have no idea where this came from if you read it I’m sorry guess I needed to vent that randomly emerged repressed memory of my lost childhood some funny details to brighten this monstrosity of experience in the sixth grade I reached 6’0 voice got even deeper then it already was and that was the early year of my hair line receding and when Winston snapped I jumped and screamed so high and booked it back on the bus while imitating the sounds of a frightened Japanese school child with the swiftness of the flash and now I’m out of school and my hairline is now 5 fingers away from my brow and getting thinner and I either 6’2 or 6’5 I’m unsure and hair in locations where if I go to certain states and happen to loose my cloths I may be mistaken as that states cryptid and be shot and stuffed especially since the way I carry myself is very similar to that particular cryptid and my feet could also be confused as it’s foot prints also and also it’s my 20th year on the planet I am gaining the body of a giant middle-aged man in denial of his real age at 19 going on 20🥲
“THANKS FOR WATCHING DONT FORGET TO UNSUBSCRIBE!”
Not event joking this is so true especially the first 2 min BTW Concerta is very helpful
So far my medication journey (i've been on it over a year now, trying varying doses of varying medications) has produced one noticeable result. I stopped drinking caffeine and no bad effects, before I would drink an absolute obscene amount. I am on EXTENDED RELEASE, which is much preffered.
Man this worries me, I currently can’t get medicated and when I can I really hope it works cause I don’t wanna be stuck like this for good.
Man killed the dancing cow.
Children should be active and hyper. They have plenty of time to slow down in their old bodies.
I've never felt more hurt but also never felt more recognized in my life
Suspicions of ADHD and talking to my psych about it. This video only strengthened my suspicions lol Glad I'm not the only one in this distraction loop heck. I'm supposed to be writing a report for work right now. Well that's obviously not happening.
Ur so funny keep it up
Oh my god the math scene is so accurate
I highly recommend any adhd person to look into the neurodiversity movement. We're not broken or wrong and to see ourselves as such only hinders us and our lives. We deserve so much more.
Lol adderal and vyvanse are essentially both meth it's the difference between amphetamine salts (adderall) or lisdexamphetamine salts (vyvanse)
i still take adderall today ever since like...i was 13? i'm 20 now! while i am now thinking about trying other medicine, one thing that i was told by my doctor is that a couple of days of break on (at least adderall) is REALLY beneficial for you! in fact, i have it as a mandatory thing on my medicine that i *must* take one break day a week! of course contact your doctor, but it could be why you felt fine after taking a break on vyvanse!  as a BIG BIG warning, if the medicine is like...addictive to your body (like antidepressants, anti psychotic) DON'T DO NOT do that PLEASE.  speaking from experience, if i miss ONE DAY of antidepressants, i'm literally a mess. constantly crying, anxiety to hell, all of that. talk to your doctor and see if its safe for you to take a break though! i would wanna recommend just to see what happens, maybe retake the medicine for a day and see if you have that focus again?  and of course, for anyone reading, NEVER EVER EVER take more medicine that you've been prescribed! i've been down that rabbit hole before, *just don't!*
Im suspicius that i might have adhd but how to i tell my parents and get  a test? Asking for youre apinion
I take the 2nd medicine to
I stopped taking meds after like 10 years and i think I figured out how to ignore adhd
Imagine being able
I feel so seen, medication is such a crapshoot for me which is frustrating because I just want to FOCUS and DO THE THING
Yea with me. adderall just didn’t make me feel like myself. I could focus and do work, but I couldn’t have fun.
The great thing is I got medicated so that I basically take meth every morning
Don't take 3 Vyvanse pills. . . That is a mistake.
Me: ADHD but not on meds   And OCD   And depression   And anxiety   And Asperger’s (mild autism)   And asthma   Help me
Learning School with AHAD is like playing on hard mode but everyone else playing on easy/medium mode
i started watching this video (i’m autistic with adhd) and never finished bc my brain flipped to doing something else smh
Vyvanse is also essentially meth that has fun in your liver first
I am still waiting
Have you tried methylphenidate transdermal patches? I used to take Vyvanse and I had a kinda similar experience, but I’m on the patches now and I think they’re working pretty good. Also it’s a slow release over like 8 hours so no crashing
Me: i should shower Brain: but first you should watch the new ice cream sandwich video
I have ADHD
ʰᵒʷ ᶠᵒᵒˡᶦˢʰ ᵒᶠ ᵐᵉ
This would be good for # 45..
Adhd is a wild for me: was diagnosed very young luckily, and have been on and off meds my whole life. (On concerta atm) At least for me its been a big balance of "the meds help, but they arent going to fix everything for me" i still hafta learn the methods of doing stuffx it just maked it a lot easier
I tried meds, but then my doctor told me that gym could work, and after a really bad break up I said yeah why not, and yeah for some reason the gym being an adult playground stimulated my mind in a way now I’m better at focusing at tasks that need it, I still have random thoughts but now I can cope with those thoughts while I physically stay on the task I’m supposed to be doing, so now I can think of what powers Kirby would get if he ate Kratos while I work my 9-5 👍
i wanted to watch the cow more
Bro polish cow song hit me hard this year like bro I have listened 24/7 that song
I have major ADHD so I know what you mean. I can be doing work than I’m in the bath watching a show, so I know.
The thing with ADHD and meds is that it's not a miracle fix. The meds help you focus and do stuff, but you still need to manage what those stuff are, because, as you said in the video, it can be very easy to focus on the wrong stuff (lol). That's why meds + cognitive behavioral therapy is the perfect match, the first one helps you with the brain chemistry focusing stuff, while the second helps you manage where that new focus is going to be directed towards. Obviously there are still days (perhaps weeks) where I will learn everything about game development instead of doing my tasks, but they are more manageable.   Also, stopping adhd meds suddenly isn't as bad as stopping antidepressants because it's not a long lasting medication. Most of its components are gone within a few hours (for Vyvanse I believe it's between 10-14 hours for example) and the whole thing will be gone after 3 days. It's different with SSRI's and other antidepressants because they are a long lasting medication, meaning they stay in your system for a lot longer and have to be slowly decreased overtime by your doctor. Sometimes when I want to sleep the whole day I'll just not take my adhd meds and be fine.
Meanwhile I take: Methylphenidate hydrochloride capsules So I can focus at school. :V
My experience was almost identical. I started with Ritalin, it basically removed all of my personality
I used to take meds for my adhd and I actually had tried two different ones in the same year and both of them had the same effect. It made it worse and I whenever I tried to do anything my brain would just be like "Nope, not doing that" and just initiate sleep mode. I've been off meds for like 2 years now and my brain only goes sleep mode when I'm not stimulated enough, which is still bad.
Right now, there's a national shortage on several ADHD meds. I ran out last week, and can't get a refill. I'm a mess.
I have major ADHD so ye
He's one thing in the little island under Australia, Tasmania has some really good health care in Hobart so if you move there then you could have some really cheap health care
Na man you're telling me this isn't, like normal for everyone? I take concerta but idk man I always have thought it is something that happens to everyone and wasn't something deeper than a concentration problem
slay
I didn’t know I have ADHD
I have recently been diagnosed with ADHD too, in which my biggest problem was focus and motivation which sounds like what you might be experiencing. I know that meds work differently on certain people, but I recommend methephelodite ( not it’s actual name, but similar phonetically), it’s a slow burner and helps me want do do stuff and be present in the moment. But a quick warning, there is a supply chain problem so it is limited, and it is a close chemical structure to that substance.
Don't take concerta it made it so I don't eat I was sleepy all the time and It made me like I was on valium the whole day not a fun experience I can tell you that much
I was diagnosed at age 24 and it's changed my life!! Definetely relate to the experiences with the medication tho, it took a while to figure out what worked and what didn't. I'm still mad I couldn't make Medikinet work for me, as 60% of the time I had awful side effects ranging from shaking and headaches all the way to a 2-3h crash with intense migraine where I couldn't do anything but lay down with an ice pack on my head, unfocus my eyes and wait until it passed. When it DID work the way it was supposed to (40% of the time, completely unpredictable why) IT WAS AMAZING! I have never before or after experienced time as logical, linear progression where every activety I did and the amount of time it took made sense while it happened and in hindsight. It was unreal!! I cannot believe neurotypicals get to just live in a world where time is a reasonable and rationally plannable resource!! I was in full control of my time, in charge of all decisions in a way I have never experienced, so acutely *real* and existing in the real world instead of behind a soundproof glass wall and feeling every decision is like walking uphill.  Anyways, have been on Elvanse (Vyvanse) for a year which works reliably every day without side effects and while not making me feel literally Clearvoyant, it does so much to help me live a functional life. I've spent a year figuring out how to best help my brain and learned I still need outside structure, if I stay home I will still spend an entire day doing completely non-urgent things but with Focus(TM). So I set up my appointments and schedule in a way that forces me to leave the house every day. Once I'm out anyways, might as well go to the library/café/co-working space to get a few hours of focused actual work in. Medication combined with setting up systems/frameworks that make the  good" choice also the easiest choice have really changed my life. The meds really help with getting things started. It's like all my life I've been wearing a weighted blanket or tried to move underwater. The meds take that away and I can simply... move. Without everything taking extra effort and energy.
This is… this is so perfect. No other words at this time
i lated the cow more
I struggled with the comedown, which made me very irritable and really angry, on top of it all of my energy and anxiety all crashed home.
Love your videos!
I could never describe my experiences with adhd because I could never get it out….u just described my entire experience with both pills exactly
As a person with ADHD, I can agree
1:08 most accurate description of adhd
A doctor really comes in and tells you, “you’ve got diet autism, wanna micro dose meth about it?”
okay, so adderall was also the first med prescribed to me. literally knocked me out ALL DAY. i was exhausted. couldnt leave bed. it terrified me. i never took it again. (i have no idea why my body reacted that way, to this day)  vyvanse was ALSO my second med. it worked pretty well for me, tho i did experience the loss of breath thing you mentioned, it wasnt too bad. the reason i stopped taking it however is because its LITERALLY NOWHERE in my state. theres some kind of mass shortage of adhd meds and i literally had to stop cold turkey because we couldnt find vyvanse *anywhere.* luckily i didnt have withdrawal symptoms either, which is wild since i’d been taking it for like.. a year and a half.  RIGHT NOW i’m trying concerta. i still have hope the meds will help me because they help with my other mental illnesses, i just gotta find the right one :p
When I took meds for my adhd and anxiety almost all of them just made me extremely aggressive, and completely dedicated into working out and growing my body lmao
so meds dont work. there goes my hope
you're adorable lol
I have da adhd to and iv been through a lot of medication.
I take Guanfacine because stimulants make my heart rate and blood pressure shoot up. Guanfacine helps me a lot! It basically makes me feel… “normal” like I’m in control of my thoughts and if I wanted to slack off it’s me making the choice to and not my brain doing it against my will, if that makes sense. It doesn’t make me feel wired or anything like that. Just. Normal :)  It’s great because it doesn’t make me question wether my thoughts are my own or because of medicine, like it felt with stimulants which kinda gave me a mini identity crisis
as a person with adhd your videos always captivate me and i just *FOCUS*
I cold turkey off of Vyvanse the same way it caused me to fear death and had crippling anxiety for almost a year
e
as a polish person with adhd - thank you for the cow
I have a lot of the same symptoms but since I've started taking anxiety meds it's just gotten like 10x worse. I'm probably gonna have to checked for this as well lolol.
when i started vyvanse i was confused as to why it wasnt working...turns out youre not meant to take it before you go to sleep
It sounds like it was disrupting your red blood cell count. Your blood, having that little divot in the center actually holds the oxygen it took from your lungs to distribute it to the rest of your body. You sound like you weren't getting enough oxygen in your blood from a low amount of red blood cells. The hospital can do a red blood cell count, which would have been good to know. I am wondering how the meds did this to you. As if it was messing up the communication to your immune system to make more red blood cells or maybe it was literally destroying red blood cells. I am so glad you got off the meds. Who knows what long term damage that could have done to your body, especially your brain. Thanks for the intriguing video, new subscriber, big hugs from Oregon!🐿
Sorry I’m gonna have to rewatch the video entirely because the dancing polish cow song is back in my head
great video loll have been on meds for almost 4 years now, and I take Wellbutrin which is normally used as an antidepressant. It’s an ndri which stands for Norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitor, which basically means the dopamine in my brain will actually stick around and not get sucked up by my cells. Since a lot of scientists hypothesize that adhd is caused by dopamine deficiency, this kind of med can be really nice. It is good -FOR ME- but might not work for everyone ofc
Ritalin is the best , love it. Helps me immensely. Doesn't have those side effects u mentioned
Bruh having ADHD sucks because when I do my homework I always get distracted and draw instead of doing my homework
I actually found the best way for me was originally Vyvanse but I hated the jack up part so I edged off with a non stimulant called aceotophin or aceametaphine (I'm pretty sure the first) and with a little help from the therapist I was all on my own and sober in no time! And actually able to do stuff! Or at least basic junk
life without the meds both sucks and is amazing, the positive is that i'm all over the place and the down side is that i'm all over the place so good luck ever getting a job where if you fuck up you die, no seriously i've been recently taking a course and i was learning about front end loaders, doing safety checks and i remember a few things which i can't put into words, i know these things but describing them isn't happening, and a single thing i remember is that there's something i shouldn't touch ever cause if even the slightest drop of that fluid touches me i'm dead, i also remember getting shown grease nipples but not what they do, just the guy pointing out the locations of the grease nipples, he probably did say what there for i just zoned out admiring the shipping container.
I took vyvanse from age 11∼15 but stopped taking it cause it gave me crippling anxiety
I take Vyvanze in the morning and Adderall in the afternoon, and holy shit is there ever a difference 😅
I find this relatable however I've never been tested for adhd, I think I might have it tho.
I've been unmedicated for my ADHD since I was diagnosed, and I willingly did this The first time I ever had medication was basically an accident on my mom's part when I was younger  She gave me the wrong pill and it took several tries for her to actually LOOK AT THE BOTTLE to realize she gave me the wrong pill It was vivance For adults I was.. around 16 Never taking ADHD meds
I am so glad that dancing caterpillar
this video is finally out! and the events are very relatable, I don't take my meds anymore as I've sorta gained control of the hyperness though the effects of ADHD is still very present.
This is a good video on why big pharma can't be trusted.
The out of breath thing sounds like exhaustion to me
I have adhd and I toke meds but when on my meds I could eat
Polska krowa
2 seckunds on this vid and I search for "tylko jedno w głowie mam" to have in the background.... hmm Do I have ADHD and ADD? ... I Was told I am autistic cuz I solve computer math on paper when I was 8 years old. . =/ And I do speak Polish and 4 other languages. . so I do know what he sings about in the cow vid ;)
Hamburger helper lookin-ass
I love this video, I also have got the adhd brian, and fortunately for me, I was diagnosed at like 7. I've taken multitudes of drugs to find the "perfect fit" and honestly, it's a struggle. I hope that you find your "perfect fit" whether that's with medication or finding ways to live with the symptoms. Just know that you're not alone and do what makes you happy.   Also I'm definitely not qualified to give advice on what you should do with your brain, but just so you know, there are non-stimulant (not meth) options out there. Doctors are more hesitant to try them because they don't work for most people but it might be worth a shot. Good luck in any case my guy.
I am currently reducing my dose of Concerta and its way better as I thought
omg the roler coaster im on is terrible
I take "medikinet" and sometimes i feel like i smoke 368g of marihuana every 4 minutes
I'm Polish and I loved the intro.
I love these videos they make me feel smarter
In my experience, meds are really just supposed to be a little boost. Creating an environment and building habits which work with (not fighting against) ADHD is the main heloer. I put Ritalin patches on my hip. It's slow release for 11 hours. It gives me a little voice that helps me redirect focus and zone in easier.
Lmaoooooo this reminded to submit a prescription refill lol
Whenever I was on adhd meds I got really angry over random things
Bro why is your video's volume so low...
Most people with autism also have adhd. I don't have adhd but I do have autism.  And my autism isn't even bad enough I've needed medication.  I mean it could be worse. I don't know where I was going with this comment...
Yes Vyvanse is just indiscriminate focus
Hahaha this is the real beans jeans.  I'm currently in the process of trying a new med for my ADHD; supposedly one that worked before, Daytrana.   Vyvanse affects me in pretty much the way you described, lmfao. Not to mention, the flu like symptoms after a few days straight of taking vyvanse. Your warning came a bit late, though, as I spontaneously stopped taking them too. I knew the dangers, it just seemed more dangerous to just, try dealing with the side effects 😅
i was diagnosed in november. still haven't tried meds properly because of anxiety. but i can highly recommend regular meditation and therapy. will try meds soon too though.
I just realized halfway into this video that it distracted me from important work I should be doing. THANKS INTERNET!!
I HAVE ADHD!!!!!!!!!!
i also take meds for my ADHD personally i take biphentin
My problem is eating. I always have this terrible uneasy stomach feeling and have real trouble eating because I feel as I am about to barf.
In the offchance that you read this in between the 7720 other comments; I started with ritalin, made me a zombie. Then dextroamphetamine, jackpot! But i dont take it in the weekends, if i use it constantly i get very anxious, angry an irratable. So talk to psych, weekly or bi-weekly and try meds until you find what you are looking for. I think...
I AM ON ADHD MEDS
damn i’ve gotta say as someone with severe anxiety and depression i can def relate. i’ve tried multiple meds and nada. Back to square one i guess lol
I have adhd. I'm also Polish so the cow was nice I love the song about drug problems that cow is nice. OH I HAD THAT TOO! Like I have this med that allows me to do stuff but that's about it and I need to do stuff because otherwise I feel uncomfortable. So, I put them off. Huh, so maybe I need to switch pills
I will never unsubscribe you are amazing
It's so interesting to me how diffrent everyone i know with adhd can be. For me I found Adderall worked really well but unfortunately like you I had adverse side effects (I started getting hives). I take Concerta which is just Ritalin but its in an extended release form, so its slowly dosing me throughout the day, which works fairly well although not as great as the Adderall. I also have additional regular Adderall to supplement the Concerta when I find it's not quite hitting as well as it could be. To me it really highlights the syndrome part of adhd. It's not a real thing per se but a collection of symptoms for classification purposes. Its like if you went to the doctor and you were like doc my foot hurts, and the doc was like oh I see, you have hurt foot syndrome here take this pill. Adhd is most likely a collection of neurotypcalities all being bundled together under this umbrella adhd term.
I have ADD I learned if I’m too focused on something my brain turns off temporarily
2+2 is 22 btw
The strange thing for me is the difference between what was described and how my ADHD affects me. I’ve been taking Vivanse or however it’s spelled for basically my entire life, and as such I’ve somehow been able to adapt and I can actually change my focus quite a lot but whatever I do focus on is all I focus on until it changes. It’s weird. It’s probably something to do with also having autism tho.
I would like the cow vid to barely audible Spanish music pls
It's so nice hearing your experience. I always thought I might have ADHD and after hearing about your experience and doing research I'm confident I do and plan to get diagnosed for it. These videos have definitely help with clarity of what ADHD is and different ways it effects people. On a side note tho, have you tried Methylphenidate; I saw a video from Anthony Padilla covering ADHD and one of the people interviewed had said this had worked for them.
I feel like another symptom of ADHD is randomly becoming enthralled by rocket science and space/universe shit.
Concerta is what worked for me for awhile, until it just didn't. But I find Concerta doesn't have the side effects that Vyvanse had for me and it also isn't Meth. I mean, technically it's methylphenidate, but that's a different meth than meth ya know. So anyway try that. Or don't. Idk I'm un-medicated but i have hyperactive type or whatever, I can hyper focus sometimes
I have been diagnosed with ADHD and the meds I take that work for me is Dexedrine. It can take a while of adjusting the amount taken to get it right but when it does work it really helps me focus, not to the point where it's super noticable, just to the point where I found it easier to focus on schoolwork or chores.
Vyvanse is the DEVIL AND I HATE IT but I literally cannot get through school without meds oof
That scene with the 5 andy’s was way too accurate. forgetting names as well. i don’t want to risk it with meds though 😅
YES! I am much more able to do physical tasks when on my adderall, but for me I have to "train" my brain to focus which was much easier to do when all of the physical clutter was put of my life. I had to learn the hard way that medicine alone is never going to the be the answer, at least not for 99% of people. It's knowing what medication, when to take them, and how to make tasks work better for you.
1:24 this is the best definition of ADHD I ve ever seen
ADHD is very much a long haul type of disorder, I personally do belive meds can help everyone but everyone will needs a different type of ADHD medication, there are MANY different types and each person will need a different type so you really need to be committed to trying different meds after different meds, OBVIOUSLY TALK TO YOUR PSYCHIATRIST FIRST BEFORE YOU TAKE ADVICE FROM ME, IM JUST SOME RANDOM INTERNET FURRY WITH ADHD  There's also therapy avalible that will teach you how to work around ADHD, this did not work for me, ME, IM NOT SAYING DONT TRY IT, but may work for some
Try meditation, studies have showed monks who do meditation for a long time have more developed area in their brain that is linked to focus abilities.
I went from Adderall to Stratera and my resting heart rate went from 140 to 75 lol
I knew i had ADHD when my friend asked me to try and visualize a cube rotating in my mind, which I did, but my brain decided to put electric zoo from SpongeBob in the background subconsciously, and I lost it laughing for no reason whatsoever
I have a question have you messed with dosage? And I take Vyvanse 40mg and that was figured out over a course of a year and with Vyvanse I am required to once a year take 2 weeks strictly off my meds to reset my tolerance. But that's me I recommend people to do 2 things before getting on meds full time 1 try self medication through coffee and tea 2 get some medication and use that to see what its like to be reality normal and try to focus using your experience while off your medication
your previous video made me go get checked out because I had a lot of the symptoms. But i don't have it?
Yeah. Welcome to the club.
1:06 it hurts how accurate this is
Adderall is NOT meth. It's not even close. And it's effects are nothing like the effects of meth. People need to stop assigning equivalencies between the two. It's like claiming that sodium pentothal is essentially sodium (salt).
Recently I got diagnosed too and after a 12 week program they helped me rearrange my brain but also got me on meds and learned me about them. This is my basic understanding (I am not a doctor)  So there are 2 types of ADHD medications, which each have 2 variants (so 4 chemicals in total).  *Stimulants:* Stimulants are stimulating the "break" of ADHD, or in other words, they slow down the speed at which dopamine leaves your brain, so you're not making more of it, it just stays in there longer. The two chemicals that do this are Methylphenidate (used by brands as Ritalin and Concerta) and Dexamphetamine (no clue what brands, google it yourself <3).  *Non-stimulants/anti-depressants(I think):* These work more on noradrenaline then dopamine, but also kinda on dopamine. The main chemicals here are Atomoxetine (used by brands like Strattera) and Bupropion (used by brands like Wellbutrin and Zyban).  From my knowledge, most doctors will start with prescribing Stimulants, here in the Netherlands specifically Methylphenidate based ones as these get covered by most insurances while others only get covered if the Methylphenidate is proven not to work on the person. The difference between brands comes from the additional helper chemicals they put inside the medicine which makes you react differently, also dosses plays an important factor.  That's about where my knowledge ends. Hopefully it helped someone to understand more about the medication.   Bonus: Stimulants can also be prescribed to people with Narcolepsy as a higher dosses of Dopamine in your brain keeps you awake. You didn't hear this from me but I have used my meds in the past to stay awake and alert for longer, mainly if I am the designated driver and need to drive people home at night.
Give link to dancing cow this instant
I have such bad reactions to various migraine medications, I'm scared to try meds for ADHD. My current bandaid fix is giving myself a bite sized candy and letting that tiny sugar high carry me through whatever task I'm trying to finish. I don't know why bite sized candies help me focus, but they do.
im oretty sure i have adhd but idk how to start the process of meds lol
Vyvanse permanently changed my brain. I've been medicated on high dose vyvanse since I was 8 years old. One of the effects on the prefrontal cortex is that it enhances top-down control of emotions. I used that control as a child to conquer fear, anger, anxiety, disgust, jealousy, and stress. I didn't realize at the time but doing so would permanently reduced my ability to feel those emotions because my brain was highly plastic (since I was a child). I didn't know it was the drugs, I thought it was just a part of growing up. Now happiness just comes way to easy for me. My friend call me "aggressively positive." It makes it hard to emphasize with people though because I've forgotten what it's like to feel those negative emotions. Anyways, I ended up developing amphetamine psychosis for a while, because little did I know but amphetamines develop reverse tolerance at a certain point. So the drug's effects becomes even more powerful by dose. And then the solution is to reduce the meds. That problem you had with the vyvanse might have been solvable if you tried less drugs.
The song at the beginning is about cocaine addiction XD
Hehe cow dancin https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA
"which if I'm online is infinity" Yes
Anyone else having trouble FINDING their meds lately? (USA) -_-
I want to make too many video
I am also medicated for ADHD and I am currently on Focalin and it works GREAT for me! I take about 15 mg a day split up into 3 doses every 3 or so hours, and it works out really well. It gives me insane amounts of focus and energy to do things, but I also still struggle with the "latching onto the wrong thing" problem, but that's combated by me IMMEDIATELY starting the task I want to focus on after I take my meds. I do not experience any horrible side effects from this medication either, the only thing I could consider a side effect is so minor that it's not even a real problem (I'm not gonna say it here though because it's a lil too personal and I don't wanna put myself on full blast LOL). Focalin hits hard and gives you energy like Adderall (and I've been on Adderall as well so I know what you mean) BUT it also gives you energy to FOCUS. I've also found that pairing the meds with a simple stim toy also helps a LOT, I just bought like one of those lil spikey dog toys and it's literally perfect and helps me focus way more because i have something to fiddle around with using my hands while I try to pay attention to something else.
THIS IS ME
i recently found out i have all the symptoms of ADHD, but haven't gotten diagnosed, and tbh that explains a lot
i had the exact same experience, this is so crazy!
very quiet video.
Give kids amphetamines to help them concentrate, what could go wrong?
You get high and it makes it easier to focus on boring stuff. I don't think kids (especially men/boys) should be expected to just sit and learn from a text book. I couldn't focus on any of this stuff. I barely scraped by in school. Was told that I probably had ADHD by a lot of my teachers. I did great in the classes with interesting topics or engaging teachers and when I was finally able to do what I wanted to do (in my case it was metal work/machining) what do you know, I was able to focus and learn from a book! I messed around with these when I was younger and they DEFINITELY do help you focus. But, the juice isn't worth the squeeze. Stay away from this.
Can you stop being so relatable please?
Stop explaining how I think!! Oh look a bird
A lot of things can cause exhaustion. Even something like having the wrong glasses prescription. The most likely thing is probably the thing, but it can really get confusing if you're not sure what it is!
As a Person Taking ADHD medicine all the way from when I was like 7 or so this is accurate. But instead of trumpets it was 8 Saxophones
Before meds I would describe my thoughts as floating bubbles that would pop before I could fully think them through. Too many bubbles to control. Or like the I love Lucy- chocolate conveyer belt scene- my thoughts were so fast I couldn’t process them. Take the meds!
Slap my ass and call me Suzan if that was not one of the best representation of an ADHD brain. This video makes me feel a bit better that medication is not an option for me.
I have ADHD, and I take medication for it. My problem is that I don't know what it feels like when it works. So I have no clue if it is working or not. :/
I have had adhd for all of my life and I have never used medications before. Instead I got therapy when I was younger on how to control what I am focusing on. Now I can focus on multiple things at a time while completing a task.
yeah, pretty much
as a non american adhd feels like a myth cant beleve u guys get to do amphetamines for free
I have ADHD and Clinical Depression. I'm 20 years old and don't have a job because I know that I'd never be able to hold one. I have a hard time just trying to keep the house clean, I know I would be terrible at a job, I know I'd be the most unreliable employee and I know it wouldn't be long before I just get fired.  Not to mention all the bullshit that comes with Clinical Depression like the lack of any motivation making it difficult to do the simplest of tasks.  Plus, I have Social Anxiety that usually keeps me in the house and makes me jittery and nervous anytime I'm in public or simply around other people. Having a job where I'm around people and have to communicate would be an absolute nightmare.
My pill makes me sick, but then again my grades have never been higher
School is dumb.
I was taking Vyvanse for 10 years and now it just stopped working. And I started having similar symptoms as you plus MAJOR anxiety.   It’s sucks because I am now floundering.   Life is hard.
I finally took the plunge late last year and went on adderal for my ADHD. They worked great at first, I was able to focus at work and actually get stuff done. After a couple months though I started to feel like my anxiety was spiraling out of control. I could focus, but I was constantly worried, and my heart was almost always racing. Then one day at work, I'm sitting at my desk doing paperwork, when I feel a spasm in my chest and back. My skin goes numb, my head feels warm, my vision went blurry, and I panicked. Next thing I know I'm on the floor with a blanket over me and my boss is on the phone with 911. I thought I was having a heart attack. I'm 30 and having a goddamn heart attack. Had to get an EKG and everything done. Turns out the combination of being stressed about my new job and being hopped up on both anxiety meds and doctor prescribed meth, had triggered a panic attack and a mild vasovagal spasm (a nerve near your heart that detects blood pressure spikes and triggers your brain to freak out and protect itself by shutting off blood flow, in turn causing you to faint). Shit was horrifying and I've been off adderal ever since. At some point I wanna try something else but I'm not quite ready.
Concerta ftw 😅 tried the other “generic” but, oh boy, not the same at all Edit as I watch: why is Vivance just my ADHD + Autism
I've been on all of them and my best result is a mix of all of them (as perscribed not on my own, I take 4 kinds of meds and pot)
u made a bad decision ADHD IS AMAZING  yesterday i thought of an amazing idea then it spiraled into an even BETTER idea
Been with ADHD all my life the way I cope is just to have a soundtrack constantly play that way I can focus on a task with background music. Helps me pay more attention and do more work while my brain relaxes.
you forgot to add that after that visit to the doctor when it wasn't covid, he said here's the bill for $900
Careful with Adderall. Has a 5% chance of giving light schizophrenia. 😬
dude i took vyvanse in 2020 when i was 14-15 and oh my god it ruined my life. i do not remember that time hardly at ALL but i was so desperate to have something that “fixed” me that i kept taking it. something that isn’t mentioned here is how much vyvanse suppresses your appetite, and this was RIGHT when and slightly before COVID hit so here we have a misdiagnosed, depressed and anxious teenager who’s struggling with his identity, trapped at home, and basically starving himself because of his medication that he keeps taking cause he’s desperate to be “normal” and bottling up all of his feelings to convince himself he’s fine. anyways thank you icecream for letting me know that i’m absolutely not the only one to have vyvanse blow up on me. i’m still medicated but taking a noncontrolled substance called atomoxetine so i’m a lot better now :D
I’ve already taken adhd meds before this vid becuase of my adhd and adhd buddy’s
I think I found the name of the second drug on the list at 2:03.  It's "vyvanse".  Did anyone else just keep hearing it as "five ants"?
The same thing happened to me with an anti-depressant where it was making me feel almost like I wasn't in my own body or I wasn't having any passion for anything I normally do. Although it helped me actually do things which depression was holding me back from I felt like it was making my mental state worse. Just like here the doctor was like "I dunno what's going on!!" lol  But yeah I did stop it, though with help from another doctor who put me on a lower dose and stuff until I could stop, because I requested that I wanted to stop. The zombie-like symptoms went away after a month or so of stopping the med.  I do want to try another anti-depressant eventually but I'm just scared something like that will happen again. Not claiming meds suck or anything, when they work they work really well. Escitalopram has helped immensely with my anxiety, and that's after trying Venlafaxine for a while which did nothing for me.   Good luck to everyone out there looking for good medications for a condition! Be patient, not everything works the same for everyone, and know it gets better! :)
if anyone is struggling with the same problems of adhd with medications, there are still options out there to try, like the one i take called atomoxetine sandoz. theres 2 different chemicals in you brain that you have less of when you have adhd, and while most meds like ritalin or concerta try to fill in for both, atomoxetine only fills in for one. it’s slower-acting needing to be built up over several weeks, its subtler, and it’s basically taken all of my adhd brain fog away - itll be different for everyone who takes it though.
Honestly my adhd/add is... uuuh how do i say this  interesting  cuz my brain be sleepin with my eyes open and i miss 40 min of my lessons
Yea... I take my Adderall ONLY when I know what I'm going to be doing for the day- which is typically artwork, and I always take it right when I start drawing, so that- HYPOTHETICALLY- I will still be drawing once it kicks in. Or doing HTML coding. Or.. whatever else I do. It's really not great for trying to think up new stuff or Really Focusing, unless I get distracted and start telling my friends about my latest hyperfixation for three hours.  I do that anyways, but the Adderall makes me make more sense at least.
Me: I'm gonna play breath of the wild and get some items that I haven't gotten before but I want to watch that video that I saw yesterday but didn't watch I'll just play breath of the wild and watch the video at the same time    Also me: only watches video
why is it so quiet ?
Ok I think I should get diagnosed because I relate a lot to the thoughts.exe has stopped working and overlapping thoughts
I dated someone with depression and ADHD. I never really took it seriously until after the breakup. A close coworker and your video really helped open some perspective on how non trivial it is. Thank you.  And yes, she danced between on and off meds and it was a mess. Talk to your doctor before doing these things!
STOP CUTTIN OFF THE COW LEMME VIBE
I think I have AdHd
JUSTICE FOR COMPY
Bro really said recommend 💀
Tylko jedno w głowie mam
The fact that I came to this video from the polish dancing cow
I think something to take into account is that we live in a world where out attention is divided on so many things in a day. Think about all the emails, texts, bills, chores, social obligations,  and self care we balance in a day. No wonder we have a huge spike in adhd.
I never felt so called out ever from their experience  But I’ve had it since birth and stopped taking the pills like 2 years ago  (AND IM TALKING OUTSIDE OF CHARACTER)
As a mom of a teenager w ADHD, you described his thought process perfectly.  I want all the info, but only the info I will use in daily life, OR info I personally find interesting. Also, he was started on Adderall at 5. Nightmares literal, figurative and etc started quickly. Since then, no meds!
I work a job where people are expected to remember people's names. I just plow through the fact I'll never remember anyone's names...or faces. I pretty much rely completely on mnemonics to survive.  I've thought about medication too, but am weary for basically the same reasons you went through.
Link of the cow video please
Hate taking meds in general. Feel normal off them and like shit on them
I took the exact medication’s that you took mate whenever I was first diagnosed with ADHD, and just like the video, it helps me focus a lot, but too focused in a way, turns out the chemical composition of the drug is very similar to either Crack or meth and screwed my mind up even more then before, while the other drug gave me mind splitting headaches and a severe lack of energy and sleep
That sketch about what is going on in a adhd brain is litterly so relatibe
All psych Meds have this problem... it's best to cope with lifestyle changes than reliance on medication.
.... ADHD does not exist. ... its only in ur head.    no but for serius, dont do drugs for this because there's actually a lot of discussion among the scientific community about if ADHD most be considered a thing.... and also there are a lot of thing and therapies without drugs that u can do to have better focus.
not to self diagnose but i really wanna get checked. ik the term (adhd, etc) gets thrown around a lot recently so it makes me doubt if these testimonial experiences that line up with mine confirm anything abt me. but this vid just convinced me more lmaoo
Okay but birdhouse knowledge is VITAL
you make every video entertaining from the start to the end. its amazing how much ✨funny✨ you can put in 1 video. props :) also my therapist and psychiatrists keep asking whether i might be neurodivergent & i think the fact that i related too hard to the description of an average unmedicated day for u is a sign and a half
I never figured out what HD is. But my doctor said i have 80 of them
The one time they put me on Adderall, I would talk until I ran out of breath. Suffice to say, that was short lived and I have not medicated it since
Idk i dont like my meds, it kind of feels like when i dont take them or when they wear of as if im dead. Im so tired then, but on other days when i dont take them im more hyperactive than normal.. so when i take them idk it feels weird, i have a feeling like its supposed to be like that and that im for once function like a normal human but at the same time i think to myself:" thats it? Thats how normal people feel whaaaaat i dont want to feel like that". I really cant explain the feeling
Vivax (?) Sounds like an artificial hyperfocus inducer and that's horrifying lmao
I havent taked meds since middle school but like i do remember feeling less there and it didn't do anything for me. Tho i was only expected to be doing school work and i never needed to study it felt like a pointless venture. The general small list for the day and reward after works for me right now tho im definitely not efficient. Also not eating until ur chores are done seems a little risky. Doing work that you have to focus on not at home is another method i try to use. Less to distract
Since you didn't cover ritalin in this video, I will try my best to cover my personal experience here: you get the ability of hyperfocus, like if you need to write an essay you can write four times the amount you usually would in one sitting, you don't get that feeling of procrastination, but you also don't feel much of anything, since one of the ways the meds work is cutting of your dopamine receptors. Your mood will worsen which I believe is the worst of the side effects. If you had a choice betwee ntaking Ritalin and not, here are some points to think over: Ritalin gives you the ability to work well, but gives you the big sad. Not taking it makes you poorly focused, but you can have the big happy :)
This is absolutely something to discuss with your psych, but if you ever want to - try out the other ones! Two of my other family members and myself take ADHD meds. For one, vyvanse is the only thing that works for him, for my parent, she did terribly with vyvanse and adderall, but does really well on a low combination dose of concerta and ritalin depending on the day. I take both concerta and ritalin at the same time and that helps me do the physical stuff to get to the point of the focus, but the wear off time is less harsh (very important for the autism)! I also tried non-stimulant ones but that didn't work out for me at all. ADHD is super cool - hope you're able to find a system that works for you, medicated or not!
For a while I was taking a medication that gave me anxiety and made me a crybaby but after I stopped taking it I noticed I was able to focus much more than I used to without it
Not ADHD. But I was diagnosed with anxiety not too long ago and I’ve been on 3 different medications. The first made me angry. Like break things and take it out in my fiancé angry. But there was no anxiety. The second was and anti-depressant but one of its symptoms was depression. So I became depressed. The third is Zoloft. Nothing crazy or non-crazy has happened yet. It really is just finding what works best for you. 💕
Unpopular advice: Would trying both cancel each other out and use the good parts of both medications? Life hack👀
i love polish memes mainly polish cow i love hearing my language in english videos
Unsubscribing as ordered.
Vivance is horrible for me I have never been so SAD in my life then on that stuff I am still trying to find what works for me so best of luck
Concerta is what I take slow up then slow down. It's an older medicine been used since the 90s
I need that cow video
Try Ritalin. It works for me!
it was either adderall or ritalin. probably adderall, but, I had to get taken off of that and was switched to focalin (and now currently vyvanse, love that shii) cuz adderall made a me way more angry and aggressive 3rd, 4th, or 5th grader when I wasn't taking it/it wore off.
I personally also take Vyvanse for my ADHD, symptoms are different for everyone. For me, Vyvanse takes 30 minutes to kick in and I only take it two days a week (when I work), i don't take it all the time or else I get in a severe depressive episode. It also cuts my hunger and makes me "numb". I don'y especially love ADHD meds, but they work when really needed. I'd recommend to take one of the formula that doesn't need to be taken on long term to work, and simply take it when you know you have lots of stuff to do.  But again, everyone's different! Focus on your mental health first <3.
I started reading a comic book in front of me and entirely forgot I was watching this video.
why is this so quiet
Dopamine dead on the floor is a mood
To all the ADHDers, have you tried meditation? Does it work? Or have you completely overlooked this path and went to other methods, me curious.
despite being a healthcare professional diagnosed with adhd at age 6, it still baffles me to hear other people’s experiences are so similar to mine. it makes me feel so less alone. i had the same exact issue with adderall. i tried wellbutrin and gained 30 lbs (since lost!), tried focalin, tried vyvanse. same EXACT experience with misdirected focus and funky side effects! finally decided meds weren’t for me and i’ve been working with my therapist figuring out ways to focus and quiet my brain without pills. i’ve been making huge progress! sharing your experiences is so important for educating neurotypical people about the different mental processes different people have. people need to understand not everyone functions the way they do. thank you again for being so open about your experiences!!
i’ve been medicated with my adhd for about ten years now?? it WAS ADD but apparently that’s not a thing anymore, so i have ADHD inattentive and i think i’ve been taking the same medication throughout, tho i was ten wen i was first diagnosed so i don’t rly remember much about my experience becuz that’s what i thought everyone was going thru- N E WAYZ- i’ve been using ‘Focalin’ or Dexmethylphenidate and i’d say i have a pretty good experience with it. im able to focus on my schoolwork and tasks well once i get myself to start it and just. do it  id say the only downsides of my experience w focalin is that it does affect my appetite, like i have to get myself/remember to eat during the day (i set reminders on my phone often to deal w that). And sometimes sleep was a bit more difficult to come by, but then again this isn’t a problem for me anymore now, im pretty sure this was when i was not taking my medication regularly bc i was moving locations and couldn’t get it on time,  n e wayz, focalin is a bit more mellow- but (depending on the dosage- i take 15mmg) it lets me get my tasks done and doesn’t feel overwhelming when im doing a task or even when im not doing a task,  hope this helps for anyone!! <3
so, in my experience, Concerta is basically like Aderall, but if you combine it with something like Stratera, you can actually focus on something without the massive hyperfocussing issues of Vyvanse, (It's how I was able to survive HS) but it doesn't totally stop you from getting distracted nor help with the... related emotional complications.   Welbutrin (My current med) isn't an obvious change, but it stops things like the ADHD anxiety death spiral before going to sleep, can actually help with task paralysis, (though you need to remember the thing needs to be done in the first place) with Stratera helping with focus, I may throw concerta back in once the current shortage is done.
Oh god not concerta, that stuff ruined my life
Your description of "I was really focused, just focused on the wrong thing" is exactly what I experience a lot of the time when working from home. Thank you for putting that frustration into words!
I take Ritalin, and it really helps me focus without having me fixate on that task, which is important for school since we have like 3 or 4 different classes per day. My grades have gotten a lot better since I started taking it, as well. so glad you're talking about this and I hope you find some meds that work for you soon ^-^
breaking bad? meth?
Man, sitting there taking a test with 8 trumpets playing randomly at the same time in your head is way too relatable.. I don't know if ADHD caused my crippling test anxiety or if it just made it worse, but it's an actual miracle that I was able to make it out of college. I hope you find something that works for you, bud.
7:52 bet
Adhd medication is funny because for some people only one kind of meds (amphetamines or methylphenidate) work, for some non-stimulant meds help better.
I have severe adhd and meds for it but I hardly ever take them💀
El gobierno gobierna, con su pata, hay leche y sal
One point of clarification, Adderall is dextroamphetamine sulfate and Vyvanse is lisdexamfetamine dimesylate, both are amphetamine and are stimulant treatments for ADHD. They do have non stimulant treatments for ADHD.
I hated the meds
INFO: If you have comorbid ADHD and OCD, medication will make the OCD worse. I learned it the hard way.
Hey o have adhd and i use conserta i have more of the hyper activitie but i had problems with focusing and its normally stop happening as the time passes because before i was the over the hegde squirel on pure cafeinne that can only focusse for 10 seconds to the same thing but it can focus :)
Vyvanse was the only thing that worked for me. My insurance wouldn't cover it anymore after year 😭😭😭
try bifention
Hey... ever heard about honey?😎
I think I have ADHD too
Currently on adderal (well was but there’s a mass shortage so y’know). This is how it feels. I’m able to do physical tasks like work and errands and be responsible, but something I deem super important never gets done and I still can’t focus my thoughts. I also drink 2-3 cups of coffee to help when I don’t do my meds. I get hyper focused on the wrongs things and either procrastinate or just have anxiety about how I’m failing at what I want to do and go into a depressive, over-analyzing paralysis.  I think that’s why writing down your tasks and goals is more important because it’s more coherent than mental thought. The problem is… my brain doesn’t want to do that.
I'm thinking of testing for ADHD, and if my suspicions are correct (and based on how I've been acting for many, many years if not my whole life, I am quite positive they are), then I think I will probably at least try taking meds, however I am actually somewhat concerned about it cause while my distractability has always been a huge, HUGE pain in my bum, I also feel like it makes my imagination more active and stuff, which is very important for what I do: art and animation.  However it just as much makes it hard to actually work on those ideas so I don't know. If I get diagnosed and prescribed some meds, I will try it, but I feel like it's likely gonna be a decision between two equally flawed options, but who knows.
I've tried a few medications for my ADHD, and because stimulants made my tics and anxiety worse, I switched to guanfacine and essentially, my ADHD is baadddd but if I don't take it, it gets BAD. At least guanfacine (essentially a slow the fuck down drug) let's me remember to eat 👍
best thing I did for my ADHD is to have a space that is exclusively for work. I don't have a lot of space so I have a desk that is my work desk, I don't do anything other than work there. I take my meds and, since they always take the same amount of time to kick in, I make sure I am actively working when they do. I say all of this, but my meds kicked in an hour ago and here I am writing comments on youtube at my special work desk. ADHD is a hell of a drug.
1:07 the most relatable thing
Bro I want that cow video
Too much focus is like OCD I have OCD and ADHD and depression and social anxiety something is wrong with meeeeeeeeeeeeee
Wow this is almost completely parallel to the way things have been going for me, at least in terms of Adderall. But I also had all the bad side effects like feeling out of breath and my heart was constantly racing while on Adderall. Fortunately for me, Vyvanse has been working out really nicely. We did try going up on the dosage a little, but then I started getting the side effects again, but now I feel like we’re at a good level.   The worst it’s been for me is Vyvanse kind of makes me not want to eat food, which is a little annoying, but I can deal with it.
My advice for any ADHD-ers in the comments is this:  Don't expect medication to "fix" ADHD. It's the same principle as antidepressants: the meds help significantly, but you still need to do extra work to truly feel better.  For me, I take Adderall. Trust me when I say that it's not nearly as scary as it sounds. Yes, it's related to the drug meth, but it's always in very controlled doses and actually works differently in the brains of those with ADHD than regular people. It just helps fill the gaps our brains have.  On the note of habits, you still need to develop some new habits or work-arounds cause ADHD is more of a monster you can control but can't kill. All the meds do is make it significantly easier for you to do tasks and focus on them.   Finally: Adderall is definitely more expensive than other meds, but with a program like GoodRX, which is free, you can get a month's worth for $15-30. Trust me when I say it's worth the extra functioning power.
i also have ADHD and it is whild
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Ko- "HEY HOW YA DOING, so- before we start i just wanna say that-" pięc gram Odlecieć sa- "just really quick you should know-" Odlecieć sam "k just rly quick" W krainę zapomnienia *big computer smash noise*
I don’t have adhd meds even tho I have it super bad
I took concerta for about 5-6 years. I had to get off it so I could qualify for the military. Let me tell you, the utter feeling of my Brain going “I’M FREEEEEE!!!” was overwhelming 😅😅😅  but I leaned how to function…..somehow
Okay wait- this explains a lot. LIKE I MEAN ALOT. Since I was a kid, I was just told to “Stop” “focus” and never really seen a doc.
I’m glad you mentioned side effects. I know there’s people who absolutely need meds but also the side effects of meds not just psychically but on your behavior and emotions can be wild. It’s the reason I don’t take meds personally.
i have adhd i was meant to be doing something else but i’m watching this ohno
try eating some mushrooms, psylocybin helped me w/ some of the symptoms you talked about, even days after taking the mushrooms
Adderall helped me through school but I hated feeling like a zombie with no character or personality
When I was younger they put me on ridilin it messed me up I felt absolutely nothing
Have u tried therapy alongside meds?
I want the one for focus cuz while watching this I’m flipping a balisong and playing Tetris while watching it multiple times
Gods this felt great to watch. Felt validating as hell
Concerta (what I take) is good for both in my experience
Wow medication shortage
I also had a lot of bad reactions to adhd meds until wellbutrin! So far I’m on wellbutrin and I am enjoying it and I recommend you look into it if you want a non stimulant medication (that also helps with depression if you need it)
I have seen Polish cow even before the video xD
As someone with adhd, I feel this video so much. I know exactly what you're talking about when taking meds. I still struggle a lot with my adhd but I've started taking adhd coaching lessons with someone that knows how to deal with the goofy ahh adhd brain and helps me develop techniques to deal with the quirks. I've started to learn how my brain works, ex. When I know I have to do it now or it's game over, it's impossible, so I set the deadline earlier than the actual deadline so I have mental leeway.  As time goes on, I learn how to work together with effects of the meds and the things I learned about my quirky quirks. To summarize, meds aren't the whole picture, they can only help but in the end you still need to do something, as much as I wish meds were a magic cure-all, they're not.   I'm so glad you're on this journey and I wish you all the best on your future journey!
when i was younger like 4-6 i took medication but my docot gave me too many mg it wa slike 50 grams and then i started hallucinating and crying and yelling it was like i was about to overdose and got slightly addicted till my mom noticed she stopped him and he at the jail now, it was crazy but now im good im slightly calm now but i am MEGA active at time right now as im typeing im jsut thinking about why do potpies come in pies why not a cake
the polish cow is stuck in my head
I took focalin and concerta for *YEARS* and neither worked. I mean apparently the focalin worked because I never failed a grade in school and just kept taking it until I was like 14 but then I just stopped cold turkey cause I was tired of being nauseos every day. Been drug free since.      ...Wait, what were we talking about again?
I got diagnosed about a year and a half ago, and went on meds for almost a year after diagnosis. I’ve been off them since and though my homework takes longer to do, at least i’m doing what i want to do
So my girlfriend and I both got ADHD... I learned to have a solid hand on it and stopped taking meds since I was 10-12 (idek anymore breh thats been over 10 years ago)... What made me stop taking them is that I didnt have anything with them... No personality... No emotions... No fun... I just suffered and one day I realised that if I accidentally didnt take them... That was different... Not entirely but I felt more and felt better... Also I got like 10 more diagnostics ranging from perception issues to autism to ptsd but thats all for another time... All in all my life after that also sucked for different reasons but I felt alive... Fast forward about 12 years and I meet my gf... She too has ADHD... She too is taking meds... She too suffers the same symptoms... But worse... I convinced her to quit the meds and of course she is less focused n shit but when given time and good guidance she also learned to control part of ADHD so far... ADHD is not the incapability but rather the Overcapability...  ADHD is pretty much an Ability, but learning how to use it can be tough cuz NOONE FUCKING EXPLAINS IT!! I didnt know I could learn like a maniac if I was interested in a topic until I met other people with ADHD that told me... ADHD is very interesting... Having it basically means you can do a lot of shit at once IF you dont lose your line which tends to happen a lot unless you practice it... I recommend trying autism therapy when you have ADHD (well sorry Americans I recommend moving to Europe or sth) because you can learn a f*ck ton in group sessions about how to do things... And all in all I havent met a single soul that had a good experience with ADHD medication (I have met a lot of people with ADHD... Lots and lots more during therapy), and it can be an absolute personality killer if not even a main trigger for depressions later on...   P.S. dont advertise scams such as NordVPN... Good VPNs dont need Ads plus Cyberghost VPN is proven on every end to be like cheaper, better, easier... NordVPN has been proven to sell your data after you quit their service... They save it localy and legaly on your device, because you agreed to their Terms of Use... I wished people would look deeper into sponsors before just agreeing to them :/
4:42 Your ability to do different voices has gotten really good! Great job. Very believable.
6:35 honestly you were probably dehydrated, as that happened to me a ton, and anxiety probably made it worse, also had too high of a dose
I have ADHD and I was on 30mg in middle and half of highschool and basically starved i hate adderall
You know you don’t have adhd when you take the medicine and you feel like some with adhd 😂 (a friend of mine started Adderall and was like- it’s like I have 1000 tabs open and I can’t focus on any but then I focus on the not important one all day- yup, welcome to my life).
ADHD meds are great tbh Great work!
Do you have some extra aderal, I could use it because apparently they are having a problem with producing it and now I have no aderal.
I was diagnosed very young with adhd and I've been swapping medication for alot of my life but for a few years I have been on one medication and it's been working for me it's called Methylphenidate it worked great for me like all the other pills I've taken it felt like it wasn't balanced so I'll be sorta unfocused and get lost I'm my mind or I'm really jittery but this one feels really balanced you should ask your doctor about it
today's video is crazy quiet
I'm literally in search of a psychiatrist because I highly suspected that I have ADAD because I recently dropped a class for a third semester in a row because I can't handle any more than I class each semester and it's hard for me to focus in class until very last minute. So this video has come in my time of need.
5:17 aw Man, I bet you were ion too high of a dose, cause vyvanee in my opinion is objectively the best stimulant drug, because hyper focus is a definite issue
Am I the only Christian here
I'm gonna be watching and rewatching the fuck polish cow video all day now....
I was diagnosed young, and medication has helped me over the years once I found the right ones for me, but it was a lot of trial and error for a while and took lots of counseling for me to figure out how to be more productive and sociable, and even then I need to be in the right mindset to do so. It takes time and effort to find things that work, but it is doable.
The song... it's in Polish. I was confused, cause ICS is not Polish, as far as I know. WTH Ice Cream Sandwitch? Am I missing something or is this stupid song so freaking popular outside Poland that random Youtubers start to integrate it into their videos?!  PS: the audio level is really low. Just FYI.
Dude Adderall is the litteral worst meds and ought to be banned try staterra nad Concerta the side effects are actually manageable.  Also... choline with instol really helped and that is over the counter is a supplement not meds
OK, I unsubscibed   So I didn't forget
Vyvanse has been waaay better for me than Concerta or Bupropion (a non amphetamine type, definitely not nearly as strong but works for some.) Vyvanse helped me goto school and other things but I did run into eventual issues. (Jaw clenching and sleep are a few) Caffeine being I think my biggest issue because I drank Caffeine and took my meds. Recently quit caffeine after drinking it for like 9 years straight. I'll be going back to Vyvanse as Concerta only works so much for  me. I hate the juggle we all have to face, but at the very least, it's comforting that we're all not alone! -Signed, programmer from Canadia who very much has ADHD.
Okay i hate u for the cow song. I was meant to study not to sing a song created by Cypis
(Not a promotion of any substance, simply my experience with other remedies)  I had the same problem with adderall, I found that remedying with it weed and meditation worked well for me. I smoke enough to where the thoughts are 'visible' ('visible' referring to the intesity and depth of the thought), and from there just focused on my breathing to distract from all those thoughts and aim to achieve a sort of 'tranquil' state. Seeing all those thoughts so vividly was admitedly a little terrifying, but once I was able to settle down and let the thoughts pass, I experienced what can only be described as a matrix perception. Every bit of information I percieved was so well described and correlations and connections were made effortlessly, even if it what I was looking at was ambigious and even if it had no possible connections, I was still able to come up with something. It not only boosted my focus, but unrestricted my thoughts in an organized manner to allow for a better flow of thoughts. It is however important to note that it took me about 3 months of smoking / consuming cannibis almost everyday to see these results. I've also noticed to achieve this state faster, it's better to smoke alone, though many begginner smokers note that they get too paranoid to focus on anything (including me when I started), likely due to the intensity of thoughts.
good work
I think I might have ADHD...
ADHD is... interesting. Meds just feel like they make my brain slower and cost too much money, but it's best I take them. Brain speeb < Better attention span/social interaction/getting shit done
as a kid with ADHD before my meds i was very forgetful of things because i would go do one task then wonder why in in there, after taking them I just felt a lot less hungry like my stomach would hurt if i took it, it's been three years now and there are close to no unwanted side effects.
As someone who has struggled with ADHD my entire life and after finally being on medication as an adult I couldn't agree more with this video. After taking medication it's exactly as you described. I now have the ability to get tasks done HOWEVER the good feeling comes from having completing those tasks, not the medication. I do avoid taking the meds on the weekend though.
3:18 lol
I've been taking Welbutrin (buproprion)! It's working very well for me. It's an ADHD/antidepressant kind of thing, but for me it has no feeling, just the ability to do stuff (called executive function by the way), and a general sense of being able to focus. I'm still ADHD, but it's waaaay more manageable and easy to deal with.  Unlike other meds, you can stop it cold turkey if you have bad symptoms, and it's not really something that can become addictive like the others. That was the biggest draw for me, Drs are too hard to reach when you need help.   I super suggest trying it out to anyone whose frustrated with other meds. It's new, so most none-ADHD specialist don't know about it, but it's pretty safe afaik. My experience was that the first couple weeks I felt a little wired and hyper productive (in a bad way) and spent the whole time cleaning, but after a while I just felt normal... But functional!
O no, not the Polish cow xD
I'm being totally honest right now. Try meditation if you haven't already. If that doesn't work because you think "uh yeah how exactly do I meditate?". Avoid passive meditation at first (the kind of meditation that requires you to _empty_ your mind which can be interesting with ADHD)  Try active meditation or even simpler: The guides breathing exercises from Wim Hof.  Trust me, as someone who's also mentally at 5 different dimensions and or places at the same time, this really helped me calm my mind down and allowed me to control my thoughts or _emptyness_ way more easily. :)
I got diagnosed with it when I was younger and my parents forced me to take the meds. It was the worst experience of my life and turned me into a zombie
I've been on Vyvanse for 10+ years. Works like a charm, but you need to train your self-control to point that focus in the right direction if you want to work effectively while on this medication.
I wanted to see the rest of the cow video :(
Yes!!! Uggh, I've been trying to tackle my ADHD and it is so incredibly frustrating. I tried welbutrin so far but had to stop because it screwed me up so bad and all of my symptoms got worse, on top of headaches and shakiness and all types of scary side effects
What a great video mate 😂❤ brilliant work!
This infinite loop of starting tasks feels way too familiar. I can't imagine how suddenly getting all the focus that was spread around billions of thoughts and ideas would work if it were suddenly condensed into one. Must feel like some sort of superpower
I'll just drop my own experience here because I want to feel like it's important or whatever - anyway I've been diagnosed maybe 2 years ago, and before that I've never heard about ADHD. It kinda explained a shit ton of stuff - and now I'm on Methylphenidate ! The best and worst thing that has happened to me.  Pros : God am I focused I do things  More importantly I'm MOTIVATED like I WANT to do things and not just give up on existence because it's pointless anyway and the void of space shall consume us all I'm not only able to listen, I can remember  Cons : I can't drink coffee (still do but I know I shouldn't because my heart feels like it's about to blow up but I also work with little kids rn and that's the only way to keep up with nuclear-powered goblins) I'm not creative at all. I don't want to explore, think about things differently - I want to do stuff. Efficiently. Straight to the point. No secondary quests, I'm finishing the game NOW. Once I'm out of things to do I'm going insane
I had heard the “Adoral is basically meth” thing, too. My doctor laughed at that when I raised the concern - it’s really not. Public opinion is pretty different from the reality here.
I use Adderall XR for my ADHD
2:03 concerta is what I take
I just found out I had ADHD tf I thought it was normal
Vyvance is also an amphetamine
Currently not doing the tasks I need to do right now because I'm too focused on your video. Thanks a lot. 😂
WITH ADHD meds i get shorter :I smh
THE POLISH COW
As a teen with ADHD, this video is completely accurate with how it is to take meds. I had to go through 3 stages of meds as I grew up. my current ones help me focus and slow down
I have ADHD, and am also medicated. My “solution” for the not focusing on certain tasks I need to get done is to think of my self in the future as someone else. So in the moments my mind is “clear”, I try to prepare certain things that hopefully will get my future self to focus and complete said tasks 😅
As a teen who has ADHD and has to take meds for it. I’m glad a video was made to describe this stuff    :)
4:36 If you look closely his mouth looks like a fish lol
I take concerta, it helped a lot! Also I hope your taking or at least asking for the generic name brands instead of the name brand because if you want to save money taking the generic name brand is a lot cheaper and the federal government made it illegal to change any ingredients for medication so it's the same but for cheaper the price. Hoped this helped!
IFEEL YOU!!! I’ve taken sooooooo many types of meds!
Polish cow is how most of are brains run
me watching this video instead of doing work:
You do an incredible job of visualizing the ADHD mind, the 8 trumpets and Dopamine half-dead in the corner is pretty much what my head looks like inside lmao
Y'all make ADHD seem like a disability. It's really not
C 😑
i have adhd too xD
The more people talk about their symptoms the more I’d be convinced I might have ADHD, but then I never remember to bring it up to a doctor ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ cest le vest
i take adhd meds, concerta, it works pretty well for me. it's no miracle pill. I don't actively notice change as much. but it's a slight but constant improvement to what I would be without them.   that's just my experience ofc, I'm glad it somewhat works for me!
for a long while i took venvande. i needed it to study chemistry. ended up learning basic korean all in 4 days and failed my tests 💗
what sing was that in the begining pls
as an adhd who spent 3 years on medication, that's exactly how it feels
at 7:30 he was a 40mg vivance pill
Watching this vid after getting distracted from paperwork to find out if- and out of which mediums tumbleweed has been sculpted in (I was hoping for marble tumbleweed in particular).... :') Have an appointment to start some meds soon. Yeah, I really need that help. Thanks for explaining the different kinds of feelings.
It's crazy how medication works so differently on different people, I was diagnosed at 23, and put on non-stimulants first to no impact. But then i was put on Ritalin, and despite never having done cocaine, I'm fairly certain that's how doing cocaine feels, so i stopped that immediately. Thankfully by the end of trying I think every medication out there? The combination that worked best for me - also having narcolepsy - was max dose Vyvanse, Strattera, and Adderall in the afternoon. Now i'm on just max dose Mydayis, not cuz it works better, but cuz my new Psych hates medication and doesn't like that i was on 3 of them regardless of my quality of life! Wild huh???
I appreciate what ADHD meds did for me in terms of my high-school education but I chose to stop in college so I could actually eat food again-
To be honest I think I have ADHD after this video
At times, I felt like I had ADHD.  And I don’t know how to feel about it.  I never took the meds, though, so I think I’m ok…
I have ADHD- it’s more intense in the attentive kind, but sometimes hyperactive. (Those if you who will say ‘Then it’s ADD!’ ADD isnt an actual diagnosis.) and I don’t take meds- last time I did it gave me suicidal thoughts. So, I use an essential oil called ‘Hocus Focus.’ Anybody who has ADHD and doesn’t want meds to focus, I recommend using this! It’s all natural and smells really good, you just put it on your wrists, back and neck.
I love the way you gave the viewer pats in the end of the last video to say “thank you for your patience”, and you followed up 😇😌
I just wanna say that the song at the beginning isn't realy fitting if you consider the lyrics-
also one with ADHD, these meds are effective when the target is a child with no experience with the body. For sensible and educated adults like we are now, it's more about experience and "artifacts" that we developed over the past 20+ years to cope with our bodies. I use scheduling apps to run multitask when working. take enough caffeine to help with boredom issues, and try to autopilot tasks when tired.  These meds will make the brain burn more energy, but we are used to having a faster pace in general. So these things may cause serious burnout or overfocus, resulting in headaches and extreme fatigue.
I… have learned
Cow video link?
I had a very poor experience with meds when I was a kid, so I have been determined to fight for myself to succeed. It’s honestly been hard, and I’ve not been good at fighting. I struggle with motivation and executive functions (organization, etc.) most of all. I’m currently trying to figure out a way to succeed in some form of schooling (2 years of college didn’t go so well so far, and I’ve taken a gap year for what would’ve been my 3rd) to set myself up to be financially successful.
Yeah I have ADHD and the only reason I didn't have meds was apparently there was risk of the meds making it worse or just not help instead of it guaranteed to help. I have some actual brain damage. So the idea makes me.nervous but it is fun to see your video on it!
I need that cow video
Good morning my friend beautiful
"is the heat death of the universe something I need to worry about"
The last adhd medicine I tried gave me incredible focus but as soon as it started to wear off I felt like my brain was mush
I don't think I have ADHD but I need this "Adderall" medication of yours.    I have never gotten to finish my homework.
Hi Andy your videos are amazing and I love them (and parasocially you? I dunno.  I hope you are happy and have good food.)  I *really* like the animation style in the second half of the video, starting right before the ad break (during the description of task bouncing), which feels like the classic style? and I wanted to point out the difference between that and the animation style in the first half (more centered/smaller facial expressions, thinner lines, other stuff that’s hard to articulate) and say if there’s something causing the change…I hope you do less of that?  I’m guessing that if people saw them side by side they’d tend to prefer the second style, and somehow those little differences make a huge difference in feel.  I’m gonna keep liking your stuff either way, and I hope you’re doing great!  But I also hope you keep the second style and do less of the first; it seems like a different aesthetic and the aesthetic is most of what makes me Love this stuff.
So relatable lol
I love how accurate this is for the thoughts n shit. And dopamine just being dead.
i love seeing how many people go through the same thing as me. adhd sucks for me even with taking 40 mg of concerta.
I’ve taken 4 different types of meds and I’m in on my 4th one
When I was on medication. I felt more focused however it kind of effected my personality heavily. I more or less thought my medication was a stepping stone to better understand how to better focus. Because my medication the three prescriptions I took majorly stifled my social awareness and personality.
This is the first veideo that made me feel rlly understood
I also have ADHD aaaaaaand I have tried every medication besides adderal and a couple of other but this one med Welbrutren, I think I have had the best results with. It totally erases the “big think” and just lets you do what wish to do. It gets rid of your urges.
Dopamine’s limp, lifeless body crumpled up in the corner of the brain is the most accurate depiction I have seen so far.
I got diagnosed last week and am going to meet with my psych tomorrow, so the timing on this is wonderful haha. Thank you for this! It's good to know potential effects going in.
I have ADHD. I take an unusually high dose of Concerta. Like about 120mg I really don't like how I act when I don't take it. I've been taking it for about 8 years
The ADHD mind is like a when the stove is on, and you try to put your hand on it. Some part of your body is preventing it from happening. You COULD do it, but there’s a lot of resistance. That’s basically how the ADHD mind operates, but for literally anything that it doesn’t feel interested in doing.
Back in highschool I got medicated for it but the side effects were so bad, sure I could focus but my head was really cloudy, I was eating so little thay I was rapidly losing weight, and just a bunch of things like that where I just stopped I forced and still nkw force myself to focus instead of ever going on that again.
My psych was fine when i told him it(adderall) was making me feel weird after about 8 months and i told him i was just taking it every so often and he was happy for me that i was able to cut down and use every 3 days instead of every day and then fast forward to today and i don’t take it ever maybe 1 time ever 3 months if i really need to get stuff done but I’ve come to the realization that i will be this way for the rest of my life and bandaids(meds) are useful for some time but for me i am just gonna raw dog this life stuff for a while and see what happens. I was unmedicated for the first 20 years of my life i asked my mom to see a doctor as young as 12 and she refused. Part of me is grateful for that because i know i can do stuff with out meds but some days are wayyyyy worse than other days. I also have depression and bipolar 2. But i will say life has definitely gotten better over the last 3 years of being diagnosed taking meds and learning about my diagnosis’s. Take care lovely people of the internet. Thanks for reading if you did (-:
I survived the star test by just guessing for 6 years 💀💀💀💀💀
Every video I'm surprised at what sponsors will agree to
Just a tip from someone who has ADHD at first diagnosis it can take a while to find the right medication or cocktail of medications at first but you just have to keep trying different ones and it might take a while to find it.
It might just be my ADHD and Autism overlapping but Adderall made me feel like a robot. I stopped being funny to my friends, i stopped enjoying life as much as i enjoyed it unmedicated. And as an artist/writer who already is on top of physical chores, it did nothing for procrastination of my personal projects. It seems like every tale i hear told about Adderall is "yeah it didnt work for me" in a variety of ways. I'm beginning to think its not actually useful at all, and was just deemed a "success" by neurotypical doctors cuz it made us adhd-havers stop talking.
I took Ritalin when I was 12 when I was diagnosed and it was horrible so from then on I never took meds for my add... 32 now, I just try to manage it.
I switched from Vyvance during grade school to concerta during college, and now rather than taking my medicine 5 times a week, I just take it on days I know that I need to focus, like paper deadlines approaching or test days
Bro I took both of those meds
That went from what's 2+2 to "is the heat death of the universe something I need to worry about?" Real fast 🤣🤣
Thankfully I was diagnosed with ADHD in high school and was able to get a prescription, so I didn't have as *many* issues in college.  The change was quite literally life-changing!  Heck, I think I started meds early enough that my brain was like "Oooh so THAT'S how we're supposed to work!" and now I have slightly less of a hard time doing Task A without meds :D (still need them though lmao).  So boy howdy was this a nice video to watch, and not just because your videos are always hilarious anyways lol
Medic man say take this
Is it just me or isa this video super quiet.
i dont want adhd meds cuz i like my adhd it is me
When I take my meds, I'll know it kicks in because it's like pure motivation is coursing through my body. Like, the essence of being motivated. Also when I take my meds when tired they make my insides want to go fast but my outsides are too slow, leaving me with a bit of excess energy that i let out by breathing heavily and aggressively tapping my foot to music lol
I'm medicated, and supposed to be working rn.
also have adhd, meds do NOT work for me either
As someone with adhd, fiveants sounds like it’s just the hyperfocus form of ADHD… but forced lol
I use strattera
I am only able to get Strattera (an inhibitor of noradrenaline reuptake, doesn't affect dopamine at all, everything else is banned)  and so far the changes seem great! it's like it improves the information filter  when it's in effect, it's like it gets rids of my constant tunnel vision and i can see everything and then choose what to focus on    doesn't help with my motivation issues and executive dysfunction, but it definitely helps with what it can! even helps with auditory processing issues and memory encoding   like i could just understand what people are saying when there's other noises present! and remember things better  unbelievable
i unsubbed and resubbed for that
You should make a poll of your viewers of people with and without ADHD
Polish Cow 🇵🇱
Polish cow is our national pride 🇵🇱
I took ADHD medicine for a few years. Well, it had possible side effects such as: Instant death, organ failure, headache, nausea, stomachache, migrane, sleep disturbance and much, much more. Also it was (allegedly) not able to make someone addicted. Well, that turned out to be one of the biggest lies in the world of medicine. Everytime I didn't take it I felt like absolute trash. My head hurt, I felt extremely nauseus (sometimes I would even throw up) and I was unable to do anything. So I just stopped taking them. Which was advised against, since just stopping to take them leads to organ faliure in many cases. In mine it luckily did not, but I was honestly ready to take the risk, since dying was more compelling than taking those meds for one more day.
As someone who has ADHD, this is extremely accurate
still haven’t been able to find an adhd medication that works 😭 i have some right now, it helps me kiinda focus but i still experience the infinite loop of unproductivity
What is the cow video called... For research
The cow is so good
Been medicated for my ADHD for about three years now. Changed the whole game for me personally and love the silence it lets my brain feel
Thx brosky
I find this relatable but without drugs
went to a therapist while I was in highschool for really bad anxiety and dysphoria reasons but ended up getting pulled out of it bc my therapist was like "you might also have ADHD and you can be medicated for that if you're interested" and my parents straight up denied it bc my symptoms weren't like my brother's symptoms. On a completely unrelated note did you know that girls often display different symptoms for ADHD than boys do?
You've convinced me to finally contact my doctor again, quit medicines cuz I started having headaches and crazy side effects. :))))))))))
BROOOOOO i feel so connected to you I was on all these medications but I was diagnosed very young so I don’t remember most of them but yeah medication is a journey. I got sent to the hospital because of bad reaction to medication because I fainted lol
Thanks for sharing your experience! I also have ADHD and medication has definitely been a good tool in my experience thus far. Do you know if the you were taking an Adderall instant release? If so, you may consider asking your doctor about the extended release (aka XR) version. It spreads the dose out over a longer period, so it's more like vivance, but you can take it in smaller doses. I have more mild/moderate ADHD symptoms, and I take 20mg of XR. It's also available in a 10mg form if you wanted to try it out on a lower dose. Then, you can double up to see if you like the feeling of 20 more or less.  You mentioned the ability to focus was gained when taking vivance, but you weren't able to select what to work on very well. I think this is actually really common for people with ADHD, myself included. The psychological term for being able to prioritize tasks is called executive function. ADHDers (in my experience) tend to have a very low EF. I think it's because we never got the chance to develop it, due to our brains never being able to focus in the first place.  I used to work in a job where I was basically in charge of my day, and I found that bullet journaling/writing a task list gave me a physical tool to use for task management. If helped to combat my lack of a strong executive function, and get through my day.   Medication is an excellent tool, but it takes some time to figure it out. It's totally cool not to take it as well. I know that exercise and physical activity can really help aid some people with ADHD with symptoms. I have found that when I go running frequently, I tend to feel less disconnected meant mentally. I think that's actually why I got diagnosed so late in life (21 for me). I played sports all the time growing up, but I'm college that really slowed down, and my symptoms became more prevalent. Now I'm 29, and I medicate and try to be active semi often.   Best of luck with your journey. I know it's tough, but it sounds like you're on the right track. I hope you find what works best for you
I love having ADHD because what other people are able to do for free and very effectively, i have to pay for and can do far less efectively. And as i adapt to my medication, it slowly has less and less effect. Plus if i stop taking my med's for a while, then start taking them again. There is a distinct 2 - 5 day period where it feels like my head is full of helium my eyes are bulging out of my head and pushing into my head at the same time and everything doesnt really feel like its happening at all, yay. Its awesome!  My ADHD made me forget that i was watching a video and i started intensively writing this :)
Squirrel 🐿️
Clicking on this video I wasn’t expecting Biały Węgorz to start playing. Especially since the lyrics are so far from what I’m used to see/hear on this channel.
hey bestie im not a doctor but!!!! 5-HTP OMG has my adhd thanked me our bodys already make it minus adhd people not making enough... so yeah id suggest talking to a profesh about that...
I’m surprised they started you off on 5mg! I’m a pretty small person and they started me off on 30mg, which is why I think I faced such harsh problems with my heart. It’s been a year since I’ve taken it and I still get episodes of tachycardia and I don’t know if it’ll ever get better. My friend is like twice my height and she was started off on 10mg, it’s crazy!
I had much the same experience with medication (though completely different side effects). Now my phych and i are looking at options for therapy with focus on symptom management.
My son had to try 7 meds before we found a combination of 3 that sort of work. Meds are wild
Have you ever read the book "Roxy"? It's a thriller about medication abuse and shows that even Aderall could drive you off the cliff - take meds with caution! Good job there, ICS!
نصيحة لوجه الله،  لا تترك صلاتك مهما كانت ذنوبك،  من قرأها ضع لايك كي تصل اكبر عدد من القراء
Just a quick question @IceCreamSandwich , where you're getting medicated do they give you the notion that you should medicate every day for results or is there an understanding that you should only be medicating on days where you need the medication? (aka, if you're out for the weekend or on vacation you don't take the meds because you don't need the extra focus or "task power")
In the process of trying to get diagnosed it’s not looking to good but I’m gonna keep trying until I do your videos are so relatable so thank you 😊❤
I used to take adhd meds for my autism
The feeling of exhaustion getting worse and worse was *LIKELY* adrenal fatigue.  It can be fixed very easily with diet and by taking the occasional day off adhd medication.  Obviously every body is different, and a good doctor can help you dial in the right treatment protocol.
yay he stabilized with nails:)
ALMOST 1M VEIWS
I used to have some nighttime ADHD pills that would force my brain to shut down and go to sleep while I had full on panic attacks while it happened because I hate how it forced me to sleep, my day time pills turned me into a boring zombie that paid attention but I still had no clue what was going on half the time and I’d never feel to urge to eat or drink ever until it wears off.
i feel attacked
Can relate heavily to this. Sums up adhd medication in one video haha
Try aztarys
As a med student this was very insightful!
As a person who was a ward of the state for 9 years with ADHD. They tried every drug on me. Learning and practicing self-control is the only thing that works. Now, 40yo and I have no problem getting shit done. Drugs are just masks.
I think a problem stems from a misconception about meds, when I was first given meds as a child one thing that my keyworker made sure I was aware of was the fact that they were a TOOL rather than a FIX. That they would help me do shit, but at the end of the day I still had to take an active choice to do that thing. I think alot of people I've spoken to in the past have mentioned that "they didn't see any results" and then when I asked them the environment they were trying to work in it was one where there were SO many opportunities for them to get distracted, they just assumed that when they started taking the meds it would be impossible to get distracted. In my opinion you have to know yourself and your limits to be able to work WITH your meds to achieve the best outcome which means not placing yourself in a place where distractions are prominent. It also just takes time (I mean it took me about 3-4 years of experimenting) to understand what you can and cannot do with meds.
Oh Hey, I had a similar experience with dexies (similar to vivance). Kinda. It just made me feel like I was having a panic attack like all the time. I lasted on them for a month. A month of panic attack. Wild. Word for the wise, I lasted a month on dexies & I lasted 3 days on ritalin. That turned me into a sad little robot man who craved death, and I worked in a big scary factory with lots of dangerous machinery. Be careful taking new meds guys.
Don't forget that adderall is just as addictive as meth. Kinda important point.
I'm no doctor so correct me if i'm wrong but being a person with ADHD, i think it might have been an evolved trait because of the advantages it gives in specific conditions: the biggest/main symptom of ADHD is that you notice EVERYTHING in a 20ish meter radius, and i mean E V E R Y T H I N G, this is often misunderstoud as just a lack of attention span when really how can you focus on your math if your brain is at the same time keeping track of the football match outside your window. In a survival situation, being constantly aware of your surroundings is extremely useful, for example nothing can sneak up on you be it animals or weather. So obviously evolving that capability is not out of the question, especially when most of the downsides are minimal when it comes to survival. Once again i'm not a doctor so feel free to make a 12 hour vid on how i am the horrible scum of the earth for misunderstanding my own affliction
I feel u
you were not meant to do great things then, continue being useless 😂
imagine taking medicine for insomnia, anxiety, adhd, paranoia, something else which isnt considered a mental disorder, couldnt be me.
I take conserta and I also become focused, my mind and thoughts become filed and I do not get distracted. Doing things physically is not a problem for me but when it comes to mental tasks like writing this, I just can not stop thinking about other things. I have also noticed the day becomes longer, or it feels longer when I take it lol
lost it at unsubscribe xD
Suggestion : Take Concerta (Trust Me)
Lol I'm on vyvanse
Yoooo i hated Vyvanse. I was not capable of any creative thought whatsoever. It was like super tunnel vision.   Unmedicated, I've had a lot of success with mindfulness meditation. Especially with the noting skill. Really helps you learn to notice when you are off task or when you need to reprioritize.
Man was that Fauci paid propaganda for the big pharma or just a dropout of a lunatic AI?
bro, you're Polish? xddd the song's bomb
Can we release a 6 hour loop of the cow dancing? I need it
Don't forget to unsubscribe? um. weird but okay.
It's so quiet
Where did they get all dem trumpets 1:33
ture i have adhd and i hate it
I have adhd and use vivance (if that's how you spell it) I think the reason why you where feeling burnt out and tired all the time is because you didn't take breaks from it. I've had the same symptoms before but you take breaks on occasions to avoid the symptoms. for me I don't take them on weekends and that allows my brain to just reboot and freshen up. its more of an on off drug than a constant drug.
real
i have adhd too, currently my plate is stacked where im looking at getting it again. caffinee helps a tad. but try ritalin
I have ADHD and i take meds
Thanks for explaining! Really helpful to see it from this perspective! 💕
real
Yooo I gotta get them meds bro
I have symptoms for adhd but i dont think i have it… i just think im stupid
huh. I’ve tried all the medications he listed Concerta helps alot but gives you depression/sadness after a while Vyvance is DISGUSTING but good.
When you said you felt sick, you basically described overstimulation! (at least it matched me) It's not so hard to believe either because I get overstimulated when something constantly fails, the only way to stop it is just getting out of that situation.
dame relatibol
i have had a very similar experience taking medication!! i also had the zombie thing happen to me, when i took my meds i would go just days without really talking to anyone. im also unmedicated now and much happier mentally but ... in college (for animation!) where focus is needed for classes and such.... i feel back to square one with my brain floundering on the floor when it comes to getting certain assignments done, especially when it has to do with reading textbooks or writing... anything. we are in this together i enjoy my adhd brain a lot but sometimes i am so aejgsysbsbsh
I've been using Evekeo since mid high school, graduated 4 years ago, and it's been consistently helpful for me. Lately it has seemed to not quite work as well, and I think I might develop a tolerance quickly, even though I only use it 2 or 3 days of the week. And it's also less consistent. Some days it makes me moody, others it makes me focus on the wrong stuff. I've considered trying regular Adderall or maybe going back to Vyvanse. Brain no be productive no good 🫠
I'm a bit surprised that you weren't informed about possible side effects. In my country (Denmark), you're told of the side effects and what too look out for. If x happens for x amount of time, stop taking the meds. Your either on too high of a dose or the wrong kind of meds. Finding the right meds is like trial and error ;b It takes so long man... But at least your on the path!  I went up in dosage to see how high i could go... welll... side effects included feeling sick everytime I ate.. no bueno.. Back down i went haha. Goodluck tho! You're doing great so far haha!
The fact icey has adhd and is an INTP is so awesoem cuz he's basically me and it kinda gives me hope 😂
these meds took my soul and positive emotions when i used them, so i quit and i have my soul back. not taking meth and other meds ever again
my meds gave me depr3ssion
So as someone with S E V E R E Combination ADHD I can definitely say it's a ride when it comes to trying to figure out what meds work and what meds don't, the way I explain it is, "It's like having YouTube open and each time you find something interesting you open the video and let it play in a new tab without closing the previous tabs you have open." Where thinking is just a combination of noise and windows error noises. That in addition with the constant need to move some part of my body because . . . ┐⁠(⁠´⁠ー⁠｀⁠)⁠┌ who knows but yeah, I wouldn't doubt that some people on the outside think I'm crazy.  When I was on Adderall I actually had the ability to just THINK, I went from my thoughts being a marble race, to tandem initial-D drifting. Then I had issues with my insurance and changed my career soooo I have been unmedicated for about a year and a half.   Granted I'm back on my medication journey as of recent and I'm still trying to figure out what works and what's the best. Remember you don't have to live with the frustration, you just gotta stick to the process and keep on going.  I definitely think I hyper focused on this but thanks for reading. ⊂⁠(⁠・⁠▽⁠・⁠⊂⁠)
It took me way too long to find the right medication for me. I had an abysmal experience with adderall,  then some other drug that made me a zombie,  then eventually concerta. About 9 years on concerta and I couldn't feel happier and more normal now, but it was definitely a long process to find what tools worked for me. Your video was spot on, very relatable!
Also a little tip for ppl with ADHD that can't decide what task to start with! It's something I started to do if I have a lot of things and can't find where to jump in: Write everything down in a numbered list. Or at least like, whatever you can think of you need to do, it's chill to forget some stuff if it's not life threateningly important. Use RNG to decide on a task. Do the task it tells you to do. If you start and there's an obstacle in the way that you realize needs to be done first, do that and then do the RNG task. Repeat as much as you can stand to do. Marvel at your progress, no matter how small afterwards.
Hi Ice Cream Sandwich. My name is Sylvester, I’m using an alt account for a bit more anonymity, I don’t know or think you’ll ever see this, but on the off chance that you do. Thank you for uploading, I am going through a lot, I also suffer from severe adhd since the passing of my Dad, I think I’m in an unhealthy relationship, I haven’t seen my mom in years, and sometimes I get some crippling anxiety attacks, but thanks to you I sometimes go back to your old videos and watch them again because they always make me calm down I really relate with your channel and humor, and every time I see you upload a new video I feel really excited and happy. I don’t want to pressure you or anything, I understand that you can get really busy and can’t upload often. But just know that when you do… you’re really helping someone out there in more ways than you can imagine. Thank you
This was a very good description of ADHD.  For me, I took different meds and they kind of increase the odds I’m going to be able to focus on something from like 20% to like 80%. But I did once make the mistake I taking two pills instead of one (I had forgotten if I’d taken it that day and there was a big test) and the result was extreme focus for about an hour followed by a several hour panic attack. Not great.   But generally my experience has been good. The ability to focus and process information feels like a super power. My eyes go where I want them to and everything. It’s amazing.  I’m sorry you had such a shitty experience.
To my military bros where we have to hide adhd so you don’t get kicked out nicotine be the best we got
So relatable. Also, couldn't think of a better way to describe how the medicine feels while under influence. I've been on concerta since I was around 4to5years old, I've tried going off meds suddenly when I ran out recently. Wasn't good for me.
I just reduced stimuli till I had no choice but to focus on what I needed to do.   It was torture but after around 20 to 30 mins I just finished the thing.
I! Use Ritalin! For a 1-2 combo punch against my ADHD and my Narcolepsy cause  S t i m u l a t i o n. It helps, I can at least focus on the right task (or wrong task. But I can focus) without my thoughts getting turned into tv static. And it helps with the energy part. Because while my first dose doesn't make me super energized, it DOES give me enough of a push that I can trudge thru the first part of my day doing Tasks at work without my eyelids feeling like dry heavy weights full of sand. My second dose tho zooWEE it wakes me up and I can F O C U S focus. Like excited rat dog vibrating and getting tasks done because look brain we have energy!! We're awake!! WE HAVE AN ATTENTION SPAN THAT CAN PIVOT A NORMAL DEGREE TO DIFFERENT TASKS.  But the downside is, if I don't have obligations on a day (like my days off of work) that I HAVE to get up for no choice if I want to say, keep my job, or like a dr appointment to... keep my MEDS... The very act of waking up just enough to take the meds is like the hardest thing in my LIFE. So much so that it's not uncommon for me to sleep literally a full 24 hours and miss... Both my doses. Luckily if I have back to back days like this, I can usually at least wake up on the second day for one dose at the VERY minimum. But if it's one day off and then back to work the next day, then that day off is effectively wasted. Nothing gets done. If i'm lucky I got up to grab a snack before going back to bed an hour later.  >:/  Edit; I described to my dr that ritalin felt like.... Imagine you're in a cubicle with a rolling office chair. There's exactly enough room for you to work at the desk, but there are 3 walls. In front and on either side, that block everything out and you have no real... contact or concept of what's outside of this. (This is what both ADHD and Narcolepsy feel like to me.) There isn't enough room to turn around in your chair, so the only option would be to wheel backwards out of the cubicle and then get up. But someone put a small ledge behind you. Like an inch tall "wall", so getting your chair over that when you don't even have room to stand is an absolute hellish fight.  Ritalin was like someone took that ledge away. Like yeah when i'm in the cubicle things are kind of hard, but if I need to wheel backwards to change scenery even if just for a bit, I can. I can get up and go do something else before I come back to the tiny cubicle for whatever reason. It's not a cure, but it removes that handicap that locks me into place, just that tiny little ledge being removed is SO helpful.
You kinda look like a 50mg Vyvanse 👀
was that a metal pipe sound effect?
i think i was accidentally given a shout out
"What do you think it'd sound like if we played 8 different trumpets at the same time" is the most accurate sentence I could say to describe ADHD XD.  Think of it this way: everyone has a display of twenty computers in their head of things going on.  An ordinary person can tune in to one screen and focus on it, but someone with ADHD just watches them ALL at the same time.  So instead of focusing on what the teacher is saying at the front of the classroom, you're wondering who's out walking in the hallway during class and why their shoes are so loud.
I had the same thing happen with my anti depressants. They worked for awhile but then just stopped.
I’m also adhd
i do have adahd to and its like this: ok so im goin- A BUTTERFL- thats a cool purple ca- where was i going again? meh it doesent matte- WHERE AM I?
This is 100% accurate
I've never understood the don't stop taking your meds. Obviously ur body gets used to it being there so once it's not there ur body does stuff in response but I feel like it wouldnt be as important with brain based meds. I was on anti-depressants to increase my appetite but once I felt I was eating enough I went cold turkey on the meds and had no negative effects. When I did this I didn't know you weren't supposed to do this. my best guess on why it didn't affect me was because I wasn't depressed before hand or maybe some people aren't as susceptible to negative effects.
I think of the 3rd gen wen I think about trumpets
This video was very validating. I had the same experience with ritalin (after being diagnosed late in my life). Doesn't feel great you're dependent on meth.  At least my psych warned me about that task "lock in" you talked about when the meds kick in.  I'm off the meds. And just coping as best I can. I've gotten this far without meds <_<
Thing is im scared of taking adhd meds, ive tried like 8 different kinds of meds now and either feel tired, less focused, or more angry, or just flat out willing to hurt someone for a small disagreement, i dont really want to do that kind of thing, taking meds is kinda scary for me
Yeeeaahhh this is why im afraid to go on a pill journy again with my adhd
Agreed. Having ADHD myself it helps for me to have a counselor along with the meds. Plus doing some research on my own (youtube, tick tock, etc..[from experts and other ADHD people]) Those have given me different tools that have helped me even more then the meds. Knowing that everyone's different, so you just got to find what works for you.
Concerta works for me. It helps improve my focus so I can do one task at a time while also reducing my hyperactivity. Personally, it feels like I can follow one train of thought. I have the ability to do my homework and be focused enough to learn like a neurotypical ^^; it's a little hard to explain. It also improves depression and rational thinking
Okay techincally adderall isn't meth, it's just amphetamines. Really dangerous taken at high doses recreationally, with a high risk of addiction. Pretty damn safe taken at Rx doses under a doctor's care--every person I know with ADHD who is on adderall has forgotten to take it sometimes lol. Ritalin and Adderall have been used longer than the vast majority of psych meds out there, and *taken as prescribed* have an excellent safety record.  Also: Desoxyn (which was on your list)? Is in fact actual meth.  Anyway: I wouldn't give up after trying two meds. Concerta and Ritalin are both methylphenidate, Concerta is just a long-release version.  I like Adderall (I feel more like *myself* on it) but Concerta made me feel like a zombie. My partner is the other way around. You really just don't know until you try them.  I'm glad you gave them a shot at all, though!
Symptoms of ADHD:   Impulsivity  Concentration issues  Hyperactivity  Lack of motivation  Disorganisation  Rejection sensitivity  Poor emotional regulation   Once medicated on Vyvanse (from personal experience):  Higher motivation - I get the feeling that I want to do something productive, which, without Vyvanse, I would just feel like doing nothing all day. Significantly boosted concentration - I can focus on literally anything I want to. If I want to study, listen to music, talk to someone, I am fully present. I do not get easily distracted. I studied for 6 hours yesterday without having any distractions or boredom, and it felt natural, not like a forced focus. My brain literally felt so much more fresh. I also feel much more social and happy. Sometimes I feel like talking for hours. Sometimes I get a strong feeling of euphoria and high energy that can last for the whole duration of the pill (up to 14 hours), or for just a few hours, but if I wanted to focus and study or do whatever I wanted to, I’d be able to. Although I feel like no two days are exactly the same on Vyvanse. One day might be more euphoric while the next day might be calm and just a day of focus and productivity and the next day I could be talking non stop and the day after that it could make me feel agitated for a few hours before allowing me to focus. Anyway this is just my experience with Vyvanse. At the lower dose (30mg) it was making me feel sleepy, so I increased the dose to 50mg and it is significantly better since it does what it is supposed to. The focus is amazing, and I feel awake, motivated, and much better emotionally. Emotions have definitely become less intense on the pill, with the exception of times when side effects like anxiety or aggression can come in, but they don’t last long. Overall, this pill is wonderful. Lost 5kg since I started taking it 3 weeks ago as well since I don’t feel hungry at all.
As someone who has ADHD I can relate to this a lot
I recently got diagnosed with ADHD and have been struggling to find meds that work, this felt really relatable and assuring that I’m not the only one adderall didn’t work on. Thanks
ADHD is insane
As someone with ADHD it seems like the way to treat meds is "they're a crapshoot and everyone's gonna handle medication differently, some shit is just not gonna work and it's gonna be a lot of trial and error" but mostly just the it's random/different for everyone part.
My ADHD has been subdued by crippling anxiety, now i do things because of the dread for what could go wrong if I dont..."why are we here? Jst to suffer??"
I take meds. Help
I had the exact same experience except I have ADD and when I took Vyvanse it worked at first until I couldn’t sleep at all. I was awake for 3 days and had to go to the mental hospital to get off the meds and finally sleep. I stopped taking ADD meds after that 😅
It's very important to see this theme showing up in a soft and goofy video. I hope that video reach my significant other and help with the treatment, and help other people to think about that possibility. I'm on my meds again and I very pleased to fight against my problems.
Vivance is wild. I also got hyper focused on the wrong things. Now I am unmedicated for adhd
4:45 Context as a vyvanse taker: Vyvanse' active ingredient is Lisdexamphetamine, which as the name suggests is a type of Amphetamine. Meth, full name Methamphetamine, as the name also suggests, is also a form of Amphetamine salt. tldr both meth and Vyvanse are Amphetamines.
Yeah meds make you focus but they don’t stop you from procrastinating. You need to have coping mechanisms like how my entire room looks like I’m trying to find a serial killer. But the serial killer is language proficiency. I got notes, tips a little customizable weekly calendar with sticky notes, daily to do lists and my books just… there conveniently open on my homework. Did I mention everything is written with glittery colored pens? I take concerta in the morning and love it. Have Ritalin in the evening. Sometimes it’s ok but most I feel like I drank coffee, snorted coke and ran a marathon. So I’m switching it. Good luck
I'm on vyvance now was on Ritalin but it just stopped working like totally did nothing.  Vyvance works for me but I find that it's a mixed bag if I am not hydrated. ADHD is hydroamnesic like 80% of the time.
ADHD isn't real, everyone has a short attention span due to internet nowadays, you're not special
:0
adderall also did nothing to help with my adhd, until i added weed. the weed perfectly balanced out the negative effects i was having from the adderall.
First off I absolutely love your videos, its exactly the kind of chaotic wholesomeness I absolutely love. Your videos always make me feel warm and Goofy even when my days are dark and depressed. I'm not filled with overwhelming dread like every other minute of the day when I watch your videos lol so thank you for all you do. ☺️  The "Meth" part of Methamphetamine is actually the only thing Adderall and Methamphetamine DO NOT have in common. But Adderall is just a pure amphetamine and Methamphetamine is just like it sounds, an amphetamine but with more stuff in it lmao. Adderall or amphetamine is basically a weaker form of it. It isn't exactly as simple as that chemically but essentially Methamphetamine is a Rambo version of amphetamines. But don't underestimate the severity of amphetamines on their own. Amphetamines are incredibly addictive and can cause lots and lots of bad symptoms and side effects. Those symptoms and side effects are just multiplied by 100x with Methamphetamine because it's so much more powerful.  Coming from someone that was prescribed Adderall all through highschool for ADHD and then became addicted to Methamphetamine directly after graduation and have still been using it daily since then. I honestly think giving a chubby depressed teenager unsupervised access to a huge bottle of pills that made me feel good lose weight and get shit done was a recipe for disaster and was probably a huge factor in my meth addiction as an adult. I definitely think Adderall needs to be controlled by a parent if given to minors because I started abusing it like only 3 months after I started taking it. I eventually was up to max dose of 40mg a day but was taking 3 pills a day. Giving teens unsupervised access to medication that strong should literally be criminalized. At the time I was super happy I didn't need my mom in the room or her to have control of my pills but looking back at it now I desperately wish the doctor would've talked to my mom about how serious it was and that she gave me my pill everyday. Amphetamines while they aren't meth are still very very dangerous to play with if you have an addictive personality. Not to mention that your perception of Adderall will stop helping your ADHD is you abuse it. A week of abusing a recreational substance or your prescription is literally all it takes to condition your brain to NEED it. I'm 24 years old and have been abusing amphetamines or Methamphetamines for 11 years.. 7 of which I was abusing my legal prescription. Sorry this comment was so long. Just please be careful to the people that actually read this far please. Don't make the same mistakes I've made please. I've ruined my life.
Dancing cow :]
wax* injury. but will humans figure it out early enough before its demise?
bro after watching this 😭",do i have adhd" ?
Lol like everyone else here I’ve also been diagnosed with ADHD and have tried Adderall and Concerta but am now taking Vyvanse. I had to take a genotype test for medications cause my metabolism/tolerance was to high. It helped a lot. (recommended)  (Age 19)
Concerta is what I used to be on
Mebbe talk to your doctor about depression meds, they can help with some of the problems commonly ascribed to ADHD, like the "looping" you mentioned.
honestly, my expirences were the same. Meds just made other parts of my life worse and I had to just find a way to function around it
Ily
anyone have a link for the dancing cow video? 👀
I see that his animating improved,but his uploading time didn't. I would much rather have more videos with good quality then less videos with excellent quality. But hey, that's just my opinion.
I use vivance and it works and feels the same as how you describe aderall but its works fast
I bet I make 50% of youtubers' revenue, because I rewind every 5 seconds because I missed whatever the youtuber just said. So you're welcome for the double view time.
I have moments where I’m really focused I can get work done but if the activity starts getting easier i start to have the feeling to say watch a video while reading and doing homework or moments where I’m doing something and I need to do research for it or something and I go blank like I can’t remember what it is and if it lasts to long I’ll literally get frustrated with how I can’t see, to remember what I was just doing like the whole reason I opened my phone and it mostly happens if I don’t to the thing fast enough to my brain my uncle said it was ADD Bhutto idk
ADHD in adults is a scam for taking speed.
6:44 I got that all the time I think. Like if you take coffee with sleep meds so you feel like sleeping but have to stay awake?
Crazy that seemingly everyone in the comments has ADHD..... I don't want to be that guy that gatekeeps disorders (that would be very cringey, especially since I don't think I have ADHD myself), but with everything being written here I think it should be noted that not being able to focus and having an active mind is not necessarily ADHD. With that in mind, it's probably also preferable to try to fix an issue through determination and hard work rather than just medication, if possible, especially since addiction can happen, and increased demand for these pills increases the price for those that truly need them.
7:18 Oh ADHD meds are perfectly fine to stop taking at any time.  You don't have to wean yourself on/off them, you can literally stop and start IMMEDIATELY.  Even when u change from one med to another - u can just take the full dose of one med one day then the next day take the full dose of a completely different med.  They're not like other psychiatric medications that u have to slowly increase/decrease.    I skip days all the time.    (Disclaimers:  Yes i have ADHD, no i'm not a doctor, my prescribing psychiatrist basically told me the above when i was changing meds)  Also yeah it sounds like your meds were maybe fucking with your sleep (thus your constant & growing exhaustion), it's a common side effect that psychs look out for.  I thank luck i'm not effected in that way (sleep was already hard enough for me b4 diagnosis).
I have a similar experience with that last part. I take ADHD medication for my focus but now I’ve had trouble with shortness of breath and panic attacks. However, I don’t feel like I can stop taking the medication. I’ve started to study a field which I really enjoy, but I fear that I won’t have the focus or determination to continue without the medication.
If you have bipolar disorder too it becomes a real challenge because it means you cant use most of the ADHD medication.
This is a very funny channel but I wish you can upload daily but you are animating it by hand so it is very hard
I have adhd and I can confirm this is accurate
As someone diagnosed with ADHD since early age, I'm very lucky to have been give treatment without medication that while took several years it immensely improved my condition and now I'm much more productive but as an adult the symptoms are still there BUT my brain was taught slowly and over a long period of time how to focus on the task at hand. It's not perfect, getting into any profession is a pain in the butt and keeping up with friendships hasn't gotten easier over the years BUT I've seen unmedicated and untreated ADHD and honestly, you'd think I'm "cured" in comparison.
For me it was my meds started with me not sleeping for 2 days straight and getting hyper focused. The fact I got so focused helped in school but also killed all emotions. Still I think is worth for good grades
HAHAHA, I literally zoned out thoughout the video for thinking of other things and had to go back multiple times. I really want to get my diagnosis soon but it takes such long timmmmee
i hate that you are named ice cream sandwich coz now i cant find good icecream sandwiches and that just makes me sad
So... What should one do? ._. get on meds? stay off of 'em?
I would rather die than go back to having a quiet brain, that happened to me once cause of covid boredom and I would like to never have that again please! I felt like ripping my hair out I was so incredibly bored out of my mind and felt like I was going crazy all because my brain was quiet!
It's comforting to hear about the struggle with math and school. I had to take special classes and had crazy help getting through school. All because of ADHD. It was stressful and I still struggle with work to this day. Medication semi-helps, but I think it's impossible to make a perfect medication for it in my experience. My doctor has given me 3 different kinds and only the one kinda sorta worked. Idk, I gave up with medication.
Hold on, I gotta pause this video real quick to look up that dancing cow meme video. ...[1 hour later]... Oh yeah, I was trying to watch this video.
I have the exact problem you described with Vyvanse, but with Adderall. It's an absolute gamble whenever I take it, and it's screwed me over enough times that I've just kinda stopped taking it. Sucks to be back at square one, but therapy is helping alot.
Adhd fix: it's a skill issue, just choose to do something thought provoking and JUST DO IT.
Lol as an ex addict who has done any prescription drug and street drug. I could have told you all that. Try a more natural route? It sounds like you just need to whip your our butt a bit. While also taking natural meds and possibly anxiety meds. From personal experience you can say things out loud to yourself and it will form a sort of figure that helps you keep things in mind without having to be attentive to it.
@Ice Cream Sandwich   Ritalin, Concerta, etc. are NOT actual meth you would buy on the street. As someone who used to work with law enforcement, we had to learn all the different ways to make meth. Trust me, expensive drugs like Ritalin and Concerta were at the bottom of the list to watch out for (because it was so rare to ADD it as an ingredient in meth). Again, medicine is NOT meth. Please, don’t lie to people.
I also take meds but they are only for when I have to do stuff like focus on my studies. If I'm not going to study that day I don't take them.
Something out of left field here, but try taking coconut oil, and see if that helps. That is, provided you have no nut allergies.
I have been on probally every known adhd med at some point in my life. Currently been on Adderall for 5 years it seems to work for me for the most part I however find I lose focus very easily on any of the meds so it’s more of a strategy thing I guess to plan out what tasks need to be worked on
Yessssssssssssss new video. I've been wating for it
Please continue to make this ADHD series. This is very validating and it's so awesome to hear other's experiences.
honestly, Ice Cream Sandwich is the only youtuber ill sit through the sponsor part of the video for
40 mg of Vyvanse a day makes you hyper focused and lethargic all day
He destroyed the guys computer with a single nail
I feel like ADHD is pretty general these days, pretty much everybody can't focus and has a million thoughts and procrastinates and gets distracted easily. Its very very likely that half of the people who think they have ADHD don't actually and a large portion of people who don't realize they have ADHD just think it's normal
What’s the name of the Russian song with the dancing cow?
i now know how nuclear power works
Tried skipping ahead when the sponsor came on but got BOMBARDED with “🗿infinite knowledge 🗿🗿”……so I went back and watched 😭
How I explain my experience with ADHD & meds: it was like trying to run a marathon but not being able to make any progress. So I would look online for advice, but even the helpful for-adhd-people advice started out with, “put one foot in front of the other.”   Unfortunately, I am (metaphorically speaking) missing a foot. So all of that advice was simply not useful to me, even though it was good advice.    For me, medication is like a false foot. It will never be as good as a real foot, but at the very least now I can start to implement the other helpful advice and make a bit more progress.   Is it possible to run a marathon on crutches? Absolutely, and many have done it. But at this particular point in time, for my particular combination of needs, a false (if imperfect) foot is what I need.   PS- Just Work Harder is not helpful advice. Could I hobble along unmedicated? Yes, I tried that for the first 30 years of my life. All it did was make me extremely depressed. I hated myself because I was Trying Really Really Hard and I was still sitting at the start line wondering why my missing foot wasn’t working like everyone else’s were.   (I am now on Adderall and a mild anti-anxiety med. Adderall gets rid of most of the brain fog and gives me a little better motivation to do things, and the anti-depressant gets rid of the little voice in my head telling me that everyone else thinks I’m a terrible person. Remember, ADHD can cause a lot of side-issues like anxiety and depression, and it’s very reasonable to decide to try medication for those instead/as well, since both of those ALSO make it harder to initiate difficult tasks. ;>.>)
Ritalin on top 😎
As someone who has been taking meds for adhd on and off for almost 30 years I have some advice that the psychs don’t often relay. It take time to find what’s right for you. I went through 4-5 different meds until I found what worked and even then the negative symptoms lead me to taking a break entirely from meds for a few years. They also don’t often mention the power and necessity of supplements that counter a lot of the negative side effects. I used to have zero appetite and exhausted at the end of the day after being on Ritalin. But supplementing with b, magnesium and zinc I have almost no negative symptoms and have been more productive than ever in my life.
If medication doesn't help, or the side effects are too much for you, I've heard cognitive behavioral therapy can really help people with adhd
*People who have ADHD* (besides me): 👇
I took ADHD drugs a long while back, and while it worked great, everything tasted like mush, so I gave up on medicine and have suffered since. Good video!
My ADHD Experience:   I can create excellent recipes without any formal kitchen training. I can repair things and have no idea how I know to repair these things. I am unable to can remember names of human beings. Dogs? Golden. Places? Can't even forget. People? What is people? I can process data at a pace that can seem like Data from Star Trek impregnated a human female in the 1980s.  I have so much useless and useful knowledge stored that most of the time I don't even know how I know these things. (Refer to point 2, because ADHD). I think faster than I can speak or write.  I constantly hold 3-4 simultaneous conversations in my head, even when sleeping.   Thank you for listening to my TED comment.
I started on adderall, then tried vivance, but settled on concerta as the other two greatly suppress my appetite and as an incredibly active and competitive athlete, that wasn’t a risk I could be taking
I take Vyvanse and boy howdy I get productive and wheeeee
So little known fact about stimulants, they are out fo your system within 24 hours. I take Vyvanse 60MG for my cataplexy. I also have ADHD but I don't notice any difference. That said, I started having seizures during the mornings before I took my pills. That's when after talking to my doctor he told me the meds half life is pretty much up by the time the clock rolls around. So going cold turkey you will be fine.  Stay Awes9me
is it just me, or is the audio REALLY LOW
90HD pack releases in 2024
I can relate. Vivance is what i also take but the problem with it is depending on how much you take you wont be able to sleep. ALSO, do not accidentally take the med before you sleep. you will not sleep.
R.I.P Polish cow video. You will be watched.
It's troubling at work when I have multiple things to do there. Takes me from point A to B to C and then jump between letters sometimes till I have only one task to focus on, which would only be register work and day dream lol.
GGs on 9th
Oh... if you say so.... unsubed.
Adhd is fake,stop whining about life and just move on...
ADHD diagnosed mid 2021. Ritalin LA works well for me -- especially as you can adjust the morning and afternoon dose to find what works for you. I find the effect feels less extreme than some other meds but it works well for focus on mental and physical tasks!  Then again, I'm a kiwi and I have no idea what meds are like outside of nz 🤷‍♀️ Ps I also forget to take my meds about a third of the time 😅
ADHD --->     me
“Adderall is great but your also effectively taking meth” Walter White:”Jesse! Jessie! We must cook the adderall”
Got diagnosed as an adult. What I've learned is that with ADHD meds, if its a task that you're unmotivated to do then the meds does not magically make you do it. It just makes it easier to do the task when you are motivated or incentivised to do the task and stay focused on it. Found that out real quick.
I also take Vyvanse and I can totally relate to the experience. For me or better said in the intended way, the meds are only one of the many tools. Especially with Vyvanse it‘s super Important to also use learned tools, like awareness of the moment and meditation. Adhd is extremely complex and the pills just seem to be the enabler for us to get stuff done but to „gain control“ of what to do other tools are needed. Structure is a pain but can really help aswell as accepting that Adhd has different needs than a neurotypical brain. It takes a lot of time to get used to and there isn‘t a magical pill witch just let‘s you be normal, but with therapy and the use of this many tools, medication or others, it‘s possible to find a way
Let's see what we got here...oh hey dancing cow, alright time to see what this is about(2 minutes into the video still thinking about dancing cow)
Im supposed to be finishing an important homework right now and i have to finish 2 other important homework that i stopped to take a rest but then i saw icecreamsandwich videos now im stuck in the loop help please i thought im just gonna watch for 5 minutes
you should just do meth like the rest of us
dude vyvanse feels EXACTLY LIKE THAT! also, cuz both of them are stimulants, your heart was probably cursing you- I'm so happy to be on vv, but damn that focus on everyTHING and not just what I need to be focused on is a CURSED BLESSING
Using Mario Party 6 menu music for the VPN ad has made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Soul Brothers ( •.•)
After watching your last video I realized I have almost every single symptom of ADHD and I am now getting tested :)
I unsubscribed! Are u happy!
I am undiagnosed, but this video pretty much explains in depth what everyday is like for me. I have most of the symptoms, but my family denies that I am telling the truth.
So like, the doctor said I don't have ADHD but I show what feels like all of the symptoms. Only other thing is that my brain can act like the Vivanse. Overly focused on one thing or detail that productivity drops to fuck all
JUSTICE FOR COMPY!!!
Question is: what your diet like?
hey uhhhhh  where dat cow video
i was showing my gf your videos and i told her " it sucks that he makes short videos cause he's funny" and she says " well it makes sense if he makes videos for people like him" ( i have undiagnosed adhd)
Woo shoutout to vyvance
I hated taking my ED meds I didn't feel any hunger when I took them eventually I dropped down to 96 pounds
What if I have stage 1 autism and ADD?
It’s strange that the three medications that you said were the exact 3 I have had before. I took Ritalin but that made me sick, then I took concerta for about 9 years, ending up with me having 63mg tablets, but then I moved onto Vyvans, and it’s weird because it apparently makes other people say that it works, when it doesn’t for me, so I don’t exactly know what’s going on
Rocket flying into your head made me spit on my screen  take my sub damnit But also crank up your audio
Ok so adhd is nothing to laugh at, (I think my son has it as well) but this video has me laughing hysterically. 🤣🤣
it took me years of my life to realize I was actually prescribed meth from a young age. I would have realized this sooner probably if I wasn't prescribed meth from a young age.
as someone who's been dealing with ADHD MOST of their life and took meds for it for a good portion of school....meds suck. i tried quite a few different ones but they never worked, and i stopped taking them since i never felt like they ACTUALLY worked for me. i'd rather deal with it myself rather than relying on some temporary solution to say the least. good entertainment while explaining ADHD. got a lot of laughs out of me, thanks for that. also thanks youtube algorithm for suggesting this video
Ice Cream Sandwich is the one of the only Youtube channels that I don't skip the sponsor segment on, it's amazing
Soooooo I MIGHT have adhd??
Aaaand now i know i have ADHA.
Sadly the meds never worked for me and now I get slightly aggressive when someone says meds might help cuz if anything they just gave me no appetite and knowledge of the fact that I was taking a small amount of meth as a child
If you cannot contact your doctor, it might be good to contact a pharmacist about your meds and the side effects or whether you can quit cold turkey. My doctor said "tolerance breaks" were fine but that very well could have only applied to me and not a universal thing. Glad you're feeling better though
I had adhd meds for a while and I literally couldn’t eat the entire day, I mean I technically could but it was like stuffing things into my mouth and I had zero appetite. But as soon as the meds wore off i eat so much food and was hungry for the rest of the night and incredibly tired. Then I just became tired all day due to not eating, and due no not eating my personality kinda just.. went away? Things that usually would make me happy or make me laugh would have zero affect on me, people’s faces looks really blurry and I felt so out of body all day. So, haven’t taken them in two years and I feel so happy. I don’t care if I can’t focus, I’d rather be happy.
My personal experience with adhd was similar but I was diagnosed when I was like 7 and have been on meds since. Before I was medicated I was practically non functional when it came to just doing things. Like no matter what I just couldn’t. But once I got on meds I started being able to do things and not have to wrestle the 16 little gremlins in my head all talking about random shit to get a thought out. Now it’s more like I have 16 separate chrome tabs open and I can tab in and out of them at will, and even have to going at once type thing. Given those windows are full of like 100 tabs but whatever. I also have had both addarol and vyvans, I’m currently on vyvance and have been for years cuz addoral made me skinny as a crack head. But ya adhd it weird.
I was comatose on meds, all of them, just drooling from the corners of my mouth. Completely different person... but I can do work 🤷‍♂️
One thing I would say with any drug that alters your mind, is that you should always set an intention of what you want to do or the outcome of you taking it, it doesn’t have to be complex or deep it could just be I want to relax or I want to get xyz done. It’ll put you in the right headspace and not veer you into losing control
I actually used to take meds to help my lacking focus on school and such. The meds helped me focus but gave me INTENSE anxiety. I hated it so much. It got so bad that I just stopped taking them and reverted back to normal. But I think it helped me to be able to be more aware of when I get distracted and focus on my own rather than taking meds. I hate those pills and do not remember for the life of me which ones I took since I was taking a high dose. I’m glad I am free now.
You have taught me that I most likely have adhd even though I haven't been tested
I was diagnosed young so I've tried various different meds. I have a really trusted doctor and wellness center who specialize in ADHD and related disorders. They had me on Strattera, which I hated because I didn't have a large appetite at that age but had to take it with food (I threw it up); for most of my life I was on generic forms of long and short acting Concerta, which was fine but was inconsistent. I've been on a newer medication for a couple years now that I take at night and kicks in 10ish hours later and i love it.
I use focalin XR for my ADHD and it has the adverse effects of removing my appetite but that's it
My meds might be giving me headaches and becoming out of breath doing nothing bro wait I’ve never felt the symptoms on the weekends (when I don’t take meds) mine are also focus meds but yea ADHD go brrrrrrrr
ay its my favorite adhd yt!
I started adhd meds in the 4th grade, and I had finally gotten off them my 8th grade year, what I realized is that my adhd is manageable and while yes, I can’t get ANYTHING done, my adhd allows me to grow and learn and change as a person, this is also the reason i do not want to take and other medication or drug, I like the way my mind works and I don’t want to even slightly alter it
I have ADHD and   I already forgot the comment I was gonna post
Absolutely love another vid! Dude.. I’m falling apart during this shortage, I just finally got my meds after a month without, i had to get extended release but it’s better than anything.
My experience w/ Vyvance. 1: Blood pressure approaches hudraulic press levels. Despite my being balanced fine w/ 3 other blood pressure meds to begin with and that not supposed to be a thing it can do. I tried this a handful of times. High blood pressure makes my skin feel funny, and changes how I perceive temperatures. No other documented short term effects, though the nurse taking my BP that first time might have suffered a very brief cardiac arrest. 🤔 2: ICS mentions the staying-in-focus deal, and this is true for me as well. My problem is that I "nope" out of focus of things sometimes with or without meds. Without sometimes I wander back but  w/ Vyvance, I derail smoothly into a different path and then just don't come back. 3: The withdrawal effects I recorded (again, a handful of different times) were crazy strong emotions of being rejection sensitive, and largely doing my best to verbalize and/or compose poems about the subjective experience thereupon (and/or argue with ppl, you know :P)
I use Concerta
I take vyvanse 30mg and you can tell when it kicks in. Your heart beats a little bit faster, and you start to focus a lot. Your palms sweat a little bit, and you sometimes focus too much and forget what you wanted to do in the first place. The task gets done, you are productive, but it just takes a really long time. At the end of the day, the meds wear off just enough to focus enough and still be productive. You also are never that hungry, so eat a really good breakfast before taking it.
#9 on trending
I should ask my doctor what am I the worst at saying that I should hold off of meds until I figure that out, I can't do that now because I don't know all that I should look for and believe jumping into it would be a bad idea
ADHD is fun, I was on Riddlin when I was in, I think kindergarten, l was barely eating and getting up in the morning and the person who put me on then refused to take me off them and so my parents did it themselves. Then I started taking another med around 6th to middle school, I hated taking them and on most days refused, and taking them when depression started hitting didn't help because they made me suicidal, I'm over this all now but God meds really need proper regulation in general and with children especially. Tip of the day always be keenly aware of yourself when your on meds and of something weird starts happening get off them as soon as possible.
Somewhat long ADHD medication story.    I have also been through what you been through, but in a different way.    I was born with ADHD and I always deal with a lot of thoughts and anxiety, to the point where I was really bad at school when I was little. So, my parents and doctor put me on meds about 5 mg and start to grow up to 25mg because I had to take it everyday for school and it started to not work. Not only did I take morning meds but also sleeping meds because my brain wouldn’t turn off when sleeping.      The doctor had my sleep meds grow in Mg because it wasn’t working, but my morning meds started to hurt me and I started to have bad headache to the point where all my thought were so loud, mixing with the sounds of a busy school. I ended up stop taking my meds, ( as you said no to in the video😅) because it was getting to much for me and I had to wait a week to talk to my doctor again since I just started on the new sleeping meds.      Long story short, I haven’t took my meds in a while and I went from cool, calm to childlike, hyper and all over the place. Since my ADHD not only goes to what I think and Focus on but what I do. It’s more of a child like ADHD symptoms then what you would “normally” see an adult with ADHD do. Like just say my friend knew if I didn’t take them that day, the change was drastic that even the teachers could tell.      When I went back to my meds it started to work fine. Right now I’m in my late years in high school and nothing really changed and I don’t think my ADHD meds will ever help me in the ways I want it to. But slowly I am getting better and I had been able to sleep without my meds once and awhile.
I have never felt more validated in my life <3
I also have ADHD and for me, medikinet and baldrian worked quite okay. Baldiran is essenitally just a mild sleeping drug so its essentially just calming you down.... cause I have adHd not ADD... so yeah... me essentially a flying bouncy ball. Other then that, you should prob try to get out of zones  that cause distration. I find it usefull to have set times when my phone just shuts down and therefore forcing myself to do task that I might not like, but anything is better then being bored XD   besides that, go to the country side. no distractions at all XD ofc its just a joke, but it  definetly helped me XD
Ok real talk the cow video in the beginning looks 🔥 can we get a link to go watch it
great video! i'm sorry to hear that vyvanse screwed you up, i hope you can find a solution soon. i've been taking dexedrine for a couple months and i think it's going great! i weirdly feel like "it's not working" because i (mostly) feel nothing, but then i look at how organized my life is and it's a HUGE difference :] i'm very thankful to be "feeling nothing" because i know that side effects such as low appetite and worsened insomnia affect a lot of people, and it's also validation that I HAVE ADHD DAMMIT because of the whole "i'm basically on meth" thing xD i relate to what you said about focusing too, thankfully it's rare but sometimes my hyperfocus/hyperfixations on random crap i don't need to be doing (like cleaning out my entire email folder in one go) feels even more intense and sustained. on the other hand, though, i remember crying of joy on the second day because i put up posters in my room and cleaned it which is something i've been meaning to do since 2021. it's a mixed bag but i like it
My psychiatrist said it is ok to jump off the medication because it is a stimulant.
heyyyy ice cream sandwich, you prolly not gonna read this, but well, my solution to ADHD, and what's worked best with me and people ik who got ADHD and even peeps without ADHD, is basically consious thinking. like, its a pretty vague solution, but it's to be customized yk. see if you understand and if you're able to give it a go :3
Great video, I was considering starting taking meds so I will keep it in mind.... At least until I forget lol JDHASD
“Don’t forget to unsubscribe”
Anyone else have to rewind this a couple times to recatch up 😅. Also I’ve had a similar reaction to meds that I’ve tried to use to help but in the end it is way better to just deal with not being able to focus as much and be able to worry about what you need to and just work thru it over time. It is very hard but after awhile you can kinda turn on and off ya focus while still kinda remembering everything you need to but it takes alot to get to that point.
You’re focus will find your interest, or you will have ADD and think it’s just boring lol
Currently on Vyvanse and uh  Thanks  I didn't realize occasionally being out of breath vaguely was a symptom, I'm gonna need to talk to my psych
medication isn't everything. There are ADHD specialists out there who specialize in behavioural therapy, and can get you into habits that help you be productive. Just a thought!
Future me,  Ama take meds for ADHD how did it go?
Put the best joke at the end, what an adhd concept
It's a thing, honestly. I've started out with Ritalin as a kid and had this sort of daze for a really long time. I stopped too, and only got back a couple years ago, almost in university. When I did talk about what happened with a psych, because I'd basically thrown all control of my life out of the window at that point, after a little trial and error, I ended up with concerta. I do get these drops around midday, but I know to expect them and I know what's causing them. Since then - I'm honestly happier than ever in total
I find the desire to just SCREAM
ya i will unsubscribe… wait, what was i going to do just now? ah, never mind, i will watch the next.vid  (adhd)
Sees ending Actually unsubscribes  Lol
I was on vyvanse for a time, it really helped me because it kicked in while I was at school. Unfortunately (despite probably having ADHD) it was prescribed for an off label use, and I’m no longer on it. I would like to go back on it
I've had ADD (inattentive) as a child and grew up stupidly smart and have insane information retention but also graduated out of the bottom of my class and got academic suspension in my first year of college from pretty much doing... nothing. I've also suffered a ton with anxiety and inadequacy from having a ton of work but failing to find the executive function to do it. Adderall didn't help me as a child for that same reason you mention but what I've found has had at least some success for me, personally, is just drinking caffeinated beverages and keeping caffeine in my system as I work. Not a lot, mind you, but like, a mug of tea in the morning and two 20oz sodas (I've switched to Coke Zero to save on calories) over the course of the work day.  One of the things I hate about mind-affecting medications like ADD, alcohol, cannabis, and others is that I'm wholly used to having a mind that doesn't shut up, and I don't want the little guy up there to be quiet, because it doesn't feel right to me. And caffeine doesn't do that, but it helps keep inner Rob focused and motivated. I still get distracted occasionally but like, it's been enough where I'm actually able to hold down a job and not have as much issues as I used to with punctuality and workplace performance.
Oh... MY GOD!! That's EXACTLY how it is!
I use coffee to self medicate BUT ONLY WHEN I NEED IT (but you said caffeine doesn't affect you so 🤔 🤷)
this is litearlly the most relatable thing ive seen oj youutube period. and i haven't even been diagnosed with ADHD lmao
It doesn’t work for everyone but exercise works for me. My ADHD is far less.
The joke about the dopamine, as someone with ADHD I certainly felt that lmao
Long time ADHD stupid brain person here. I took meds in high-school not sure which ones and I hated them. I felt like they didn't help and only gave me side effects. I was constantly feeling ill, like the meds were stuck in my throat rather than my stomach, dissolving there than in my tum tum. Secoundly I would be starving constantly but with little to no appetite so I would just not eat. It sucked. I haven't taken them since and I've learnt to kinda understand the symptoms better and force myself to focus when I feel myself drifting. I still am constantly drained tho and motivation is little to non but ohhh well at least I talk a lot 😅
please don’t stop making more adhd content, these are so funny and relatable which is much needed when i get so frustrated with my brain sometimes 😭
I have ADHD and I take meds
I gotta get out of the habit of going straight to the comments section because of the fact that I miss the first few minutes of the video.
My experience with adhd in a nutshell is wake up go to sleep wake up think about what to do sit there and do nothing and go to sleep
Bro I I took literally all the meds you’re talking about in the video one point😂
I’m in my third month of adhd meds (vyvanse) and this was HELLA relatable lmao. I am REALLY happy to have the help and I think overall things are better, but it sucks so bad when I get focused on the wrong thing :( speaking of I’m supposed to be doing my art portfolio rn lol. Gonna go do that
I consume multiple Media once and can follow two of them
Hope anyone who sees this has a great day!  BTW read the name please 😁 ^^
Make your videos have more movement, I am going to click off because adhd brain
GIVE ME THE DANCING COW BACK
YOOOO #9 ON TRENDING! Good job, man!
My best advice Write everything down things you need to do etc make a list of things to do then try to follow it its fine if you don’t succeed in following it getting distracted leads to many great ideas(write those down) but just try to follow that list it’s great when you’re brain want to find a new thing oo list of things to do
i really relate to this. adderall made me amazing at physical tasks but vyanse truly focuses me on whatever i’m doing when the drug hits. i like to either take the pill an hour before i get up out of bed or take it right when i get into work. but it’s weird it’s like impossible to pull yourself away from whatever you’re originally doing when it kicks in
I take meds to help with my ADHD, but they only help when I’m at my moms house since my parents are divorced and my dad is stricter than my mom
My ADHD medication literally almost gave me a heart attack. So I was laying down and suddenly I really a sharp pain in my chest. And so I check my heart beat and it was PUMPING FASTER THAN EVER. Next thing I know I'm laying in bed for 5 HOURS until it finally stopped. 😬
I can't say whether my experience is common or not, but my doctor put me on Wellbutrin a couple years ago and it was life changing. I've always had problems with focusing, ignoring distractions, and saving money. I'm glad to say that I've got a job I like, I'm able to focus and plan ahead, and best of all I can save money for the future. Wellbutrin is a non stimulant, so the effects are much more subtle than stimulants like Adderall. That also means that it can't fix all my problems on its own. I know that doesn't sound good, but I really appreciate how I have the option to focus or not if I want to. If I had to explain the feeling, it's like I normally have 5 voices in my head at the same time. When I'm on my meds, 2 out those voices are taken out and 2 more are a little quieter. I still have to work to focus entirely on one thing, but since I'm used to dealing with 5, this is way easier in comparison. Again, I can't know if it can be good for anyone other than myself. But it is at least worth talking about with your doctor if stimulants are making you feel like you can't control the focus or if you feel like a zombie when you take them. I hope this helps someone
having ADHD IS NOT FUN, ITS SO HARD TO LISTEN
I personally take Focalin and that's what's worked the best for me
"Don't forget to unsubscribe......wait" me: unsubs (jk i'm still subbed)
This is an unfortunately common story
Potatoes better
i'm literally procrastinating my essay watching this because I got distracted LMFAO
Omg the “7 different trumpets playing” analogy is perfect lol
Agreed and vivanse is the one I used to use which helped me focus the best. I had a similar issue with the meds at first but it ended up working great!
More like back to square 2, cause square one, you didn't know for sure you had adhd
6:03 when I heard this, I thought of piss  " wake up, take a piss(pill), get out of bed"
I take ADHD medicine, without meds I am slightly insane, with then I am still weird but also I can kind of focus. Also am not hungry at all and not tired at all, I need other medication to go to sleep, but if I can stay awake at school I’m good. My brain still sometimes thinks of random stuff, like I was just sitting then class then my brain went “REMEMBER THAT FACT YOU LEARNED 5 YEARS AGO? NOW YOU DO! CHAINSAWS WERE INVENTED FOR CHILDBIRTH” then I had to stop the research I was doing to fact check this
I love polish 🐄 cow
I use Adderall and for me it works most of the time. There are times we’re I try to focus but my mind is completely blank I forgot what’s going on and completely zone out till I snap back to reality. I am on the highest dose I can take at my age which is 15 milligrams.
The only person who can make me genuinely enjoy watching a sponsored ad in the middle of a video tbh. xD
I'm glad you started with that disclaimer. I appreciate you
Meds don't work on me sadly I get about 2 months use then nothing so I either have to keep uping until I hit the max on the medication then I have to switch to something stronger so I just stopped all together
I have ADHD, but I'm not medicated. I feel like I would lose my creativity if I started taking medication. Sure, it's hard to focus a lot of the time, but then I would lose that creative side of me. Great vid, watched it while I was half asleep this morning and laughed so hard I woke up 😂😂
God now I realize I have symptoms for adhd
Sure thing boss it now is grey and says subscribed so happy I could help :)
I tried quillivant for my ADHD and it worked the same as vivance did for you, this was also during height of covid pandemic and I was in highschool so yeah I watched a lot of tiktoks and missed a lot of online classes
honestly, the more i hear about other peoples experience with adhd meds, the more thankful I am that me and my psych found a good match first try. granted, i was diagnosed with clinical depression, ptsd, and a major anxiety disorder way before being diagnosed with adhd so she recommended welbutrin because its known to help with anxiety as well as being an off label adhd medication. it took a little adjusting to it at first but honestly ive never been happier. i still struggle keeping thoughts in order and staying on task but its like a fog was cleared out of my brain. im not able to stay focused on one thing very well but i am able to manage how much distraction i allow myself. on top of that, things going wrong or being forgotten isnt the end of the world like it once was. If i forgot something, then whenever i eventually remember I'm not pinned under a crushing panic nor am i so scattered that the reminder gets lost again right away.   don't get be wrong, if you are able to manage yourself off meds then thats fantastic. but sometimes the medication is just that extra step people need and its just a matter of finding the balance that matches up with your brain juice. its just important to remember that the meds dont fix you, thats not what they are there for. they are just there to help you with some of the funky brain juices that we can't really control.   tldr: if you have meds, remember to take them. if you feel like you need them, dont be afraid to try. if you feel like its not working for you, thats perfectly fine you just need a different approach. adhd has no and does not need a cure. its just about managing symptoms and behaviors as best you can.
But what is the name of that dancing cow video?
i love seeing other people with adhd depict what the overlapping thought trains feel like. they’re often super relatable but this version in particular was just… perfect
I was diagnosed in my 40s and my doctor put me on Wellbutrin extended release, which is used off label for ADHD and takes about a week or two to build up in your system. Once it started working, it felt like falling into someone’s arms. I didn’t have to struggle so much. One of the biggest changes: compulsions turned into decisions.
I found the solution. Quit college. Manual labor. Many hobbies. Squirrel.
"Word" I, the also ADHD dude, muttered as I sit in my car watching this video at 10pm because I just got home from work and am now distracted from simply leaving my vehicle because this happened ta play on the drive home and I still have the rest of my nightly chores ta do.
ummmmmm how have i NEVER put it together that the doing physical things (Adderall) focus is different from the thinking focus!!!!!!!! 😅🤯
Took meds for 10 years. Got off early 2022 and being back at square one feels wildly better than the rollercoaster of meds I was living on. So far I've had success in exercising everyday, and trying to create simple to do lists. It's whatever works better overall for yourself.
Always flexed on my friends when i took an adhd pill lol 👌
Clicks on this video, gets distracted by dancing polish cow, 10 hour version
I used vyvanse and concerta
Speaking from experience (i have adhd) I’m thinking of home work then it goes to HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL. WHY.
Man you've put a bunch of stuff that I couldn't explain into words.   A bit of advice, and take it as you might any off the internet, but you might wanna try giving the adderall another shot. I'm on Vyvanse myself and have been for about 3 years now, and I'm still learning how to adjust myself, how to apply my focus and all that jazz. Habits form slowly and learning how to *think* comes much slower. For example, I'm a university student and while I saw a noticeable boost in my grades the term I started the meds, that was just because I was able to consistently do the assignments. Years of self reflection and adjustment later and now I'm a honour roll student because I've since learned how to apply my focus to study, take notes, and even do independent research!  Whatever you decide though, isn't is such a damn relief to know that you're not just lazy?
Been there too
I have adhd Vivance on top
i cant stop watching polish cow now thanks for that
I wanted to watch the dancing cow video! The song was really cool.
I have ADHD and I started on Riddilen first, I had to stop because my eyes started to just vibrate and shoot all over. So had to stop that.
It is SO refreshing hearing about meds from another ADHDer like this where they work but also dont. SO refreshing. My experiences with meds have been similar so far as Ive tried a few and yeah they all impact me differently in different positives and negatives.
i have a little plastic version of you on my shelf, he threatens me when i sleep
Also late-diagnosed ADHD and now medicated since fall of last year on concerta, and thankfully it's been good. It doesn't have any noticeable moment when it kicks in or wears off, but the difference is very noticeable on days I forget to take it. It's also not so much a direct solution, but it helps me with executive functioning that has a ripple effect, like I'll be better at staying nourished and hydrated and taking care of myself which gives me a better foundation to work through other challenges like focusing on work tasks and keeping track of life admin and housekeeping.
I have ADHD and drug really help but my family always make me stop using drug because they don’t want medical history about ADHD in profile career.Hope another family understand your condition better than me.
if you can stay still you probably have ADD not ADHD. no difference, just poor attention spand and you can stay still
I had to go watch the entire polish cow video before I could continue with the video. I love ADHD
SUCH A GOOD VIDEO SO RELATABLE LAUGHING ENTIRE TIME
I had very similar problems with other meds, especially Vyvanse, and Quillivant worked great for me (also available as Ritalin). The generic form is called methylphenidate. Worth a shot, maybe?
Personally, when I took my adderall, I fucking died.  Yes that's right, I fell over and died.  You may be wondering how I'm commenting this?  Well it's because I'm not, this comment is a hallucination.
I have adhd and I was medicated like him but instead of the amount he’s taking I was taking 80 milligrams of Vyvanse
As a medical student who just finished pediatrics rotation, I have seen MANY kids with ADHD. The key with medications is *~titration~* (AKA finding the medication and dose that works best). It's important to go in knowing that these medications won't cure but rather that they're designed to help. these medications will also have side effects (e.g. problems with sleep, lack of appetite, nausea, and dizziness). And, as you mentioned with Vyvanse, it may have an intended effect that's *too* strong. That's where a specialist doctor, like a pediatrician or psychiatrist comes in as they have seen HUNDREDS of patients and have a pretty decent insight into "oh, you're suffering this side effect, maybe let's change your dose to this" or "maybe let's add on this other medication" (e.g. melatonin to help with sleep) or "maybe let's change the dose timing" (e.g. having medications AFTER meals and long before bedtime so that the side effects of loss of appetite and difficulty with sleep is reduced). As you mentioned, Vyvanse works a totally different way to 5mg daily of Adderall, and it's a pretty hardcore transition. You basically went from the initiation soft-core medication to the other extreme without trying any of the intermediate options. I'm surprised your psychologist didn't offer up any intermediate options or try and educate you on the options available. The big moral of the story is to consult your doctor if you're not getting the intended effect and that medications will take a while to sort out which dose and schedule works best for you.   Finally, some NON-medical advice. Another anecdote from being a medical student is a lot of my classmates take these stimulant medications to help with their studies. This is regardless of whether they have ADHD or not. When taking a more hardcore stimulant like Vyvanse, the word of advice is to *be prepared* when you take it. Remove all possibilities for distraction except "Task A". Eat very well beforehand because God knows when the next time you'll be hungry again. Remove distractions that may come up between you and the water/toilet. My friends would create a "study zone" - they'd add a blocker to their PC to ensure no access to Facebook/games etc. They'd put their phone in another room/give it to me and turn off notifications. They'd sit in a dark ass room lit only by candles and with no windows. And they'd tell me "don't speak to me or even look at me on this day - it's my study day". This may help you stop having the 'peaks and troughs" when using Vyvanse.
I have ADHD and I've never medicated for it. I will often go through the day thinking of things to do later and when later comes my mind is either distracted or lost in thought about some trivial curiosity far removed from anything important (Like how do crab mouths work?) But I also tend to hyperfocus on tasks I am currently engaged in, and this keeps me very productive. As long as I start what I know I should do the moment it enters my brain, I'm good. Otherwise, it's a task for tomorrow me.
Adderall used to make me act like a sociopath when I was younger.
Ritalin is better for me. Adderall makes me extremely hyperactive. Productive, but I can't sit still.
I can't relate but I can wish y'all ADHD homies the best of luck. I'd share my focus if I could... maybe if we do some Harold and Kumar S#!t? For science ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Did... did your psych not warn you about serotonin syndrome? Because I can't help but wonder if that wasn't what you were feeling. It's pretty rare, but my psychiatrist always makes sure to remind me about it just in case.
I take dexmethylphenidate. It helps in all aspects. I can focus while also getting everything done
I took adhd meds for years and they helped somewhat, but I switched to antidepressants when I went to college, and then I went off the antidepressants in 2020, and now I just work around my adhd because at this point, I'm really well practiced at doing that. I know how to make myself do a task, I know how to make myself stop doing a task, I know to space out my interests so nothing takes over my brain, I know how to get around incomplete thoughts, etc. the adhd is there, it is VERY there, but we're kinda pals now.
YES !!!!This is so validating!!!!
I was dignosed with ADHD 2 years into university and let's just say I had a Bad Time with schoolwork before that. I've been on Vyvanse for like a year and a half and wow...the ability to do things and focus on things...amazing. It's significantly helped with my schoolwork and ability to focus on doing what needs to be done and initiating chores and such. However, I find if I don't want to do something b/c I'm burnt out or tired then the meds don't really help or they focus me on something that I shouldn't be doing. Idk it's a rough trade-off, but so so so much better than sitting on my phone or computer all day thinking about all the things I need to do and being so immensely guilty and screaming at myself to do them and just not being able to do them. I can do things now :')
Im unsure if this is adhd but if i have a task i need to do i do three other thing while doing task A like i could be doing homework but at the same time watching a video and drawing and playing games (or I’m just amazing at multitasking)
Consider setting an alarm (windows scheduler works) that will play an audio file telling you to do your work during your work, every 5 minutes. Who knows, maybe it works. I never tested that. Just came up with it right now.
The volume on this video is so low.
This may sound like a really weird suggestion, but there are a ton of teas out there that help with ADHD saffron will be used in some of those teas, but you can use saffron on its own, which is a spice. It helps with depression and anxiety as well.
Bro adhd sucks
My adhd went straight to the comments 😅
Try Strattera it helps me I have adhd pretty bad I can focus very well and can change my focus onto a different task very easily
Wtf I take Vyvanse right now... I feel so relatable towards the video.
The universe has sent me a sign that I need to consider a non-Adderall medication. The sign is that literally none of the pharmacies have it right now and my productivity and dropped through the floor. Also the dosage I need to function is insanely high. 80mg/day. So I should probably try something different before my heart explodes or smth
I have at least ADD and was medicated with Concerta...for all of about a year and a half before I was taken off of it due to lack of sleep and severe mood swings
in progress of finding someone who will evaluate me and start meds and this was actually really helpful for my expectations of it
I took concerta it helped a lot in school, I could focus but if I needed to I could also zone out, it took control but not completely if you understand what I mean, only downside is that I found I didn’t eat a lot at high doses but I needed the high dose because my adhd is bad
I am the person at the beginning of the video watching polish cow song
I think that I have adhd
i gots adhd and honestly it feels like he was putting a lot of expectation on the meds solving Everything by themselves. meds definitely help but in my experience theyre like glasses. just because you can see more clearly doesnt mean you're going to necessarily change what you tend to look at. it just means you squint less. If you're having side effects that bad you should definitely get your prescription looked at though.
I use straterra, but I'm stoopid and can't see a difference between ADHD and no
I need an 15 minute to hour long video cream. I don't care how long it'll take
came here to hear about experience with adhd meds, ended up watching polish cow video variations for 30 minutes before returning :)
Bro's really using his right hand for the mouse...  3:28
The only structured thing in my life is going to work. Everything else is bing bong go all over the place. It's a bees nest up in here.
azsterys is the one i switched to when i had a lot of the problems listed in this vid, thatd be the last square for me
Bro that's just thinking, it came free with your brain
Where are the unmedicated club members at? I take no mental health meds. I refuse to take psych meds. None.
I have ADHD but the sound volume is very low
The video of the cow was recommended to right below this video
Yo, this is relatable. Been on ADHD meds since I was like 7. Currently working on a bachelors in Mechanical Engineering, and BOY OH BOY do the meds help. Been on something called Methylphenidate (NOT METH) for several years, it stops the physical stuff (unable to complete tasks) and helps with focus, a lot. IDK exactly how to describe it, bit off meds sitting in school felt like 15 hours, and on them it feels like time passes at a normal rate, so the classes feel shorter and it's easier to focus. Like, I can still tell that I have ADHD, but it feels less like I just drank 10 cups of coffee. More like 1 cup. That, and one of the things I do now is get a song stuck in my head for several days in a row. Consistently. Not really annoying, just strange.
As a person with ADHD too this is relatable. Unfortunately just got diagnosed so no meds yet.
don't forget to unsubscribe   wait
I took sooooo many meds and none of them worked. I either stayed staring at a wall and was super anti social or got depressed.
This sounds more like ADD rather than ADHD
Apparently I have ADHD but I’m actually productive… when I’m doing something I actually want to do
Wait. You’re telling me. Vyvanse can cause breathlessness. I have been on this medication for at least 7 years. And have had breathless moment many many many times with no idea why. You’re telling me. It could just be vyvanse. THE WHOLE TIME?????
Unsubscribe? Well, I prefer not to...
yo try harder its ur mentality partialy when you get unfocused. Also ADHD meds do have MANY side effects. Hard to sleep, loss of appetite, DEPRESSION, etc. GET HELP IMMEDIATLY if something bad happens like once I switched to a different brand or kind of methamphetamine and so I was like reaaally depressed for a week, then switched back to regular meds and was fine.
Currently watching this with untreated ADHD and a large midterm project I should really be working on like right fucking now.
americans and their drugs
would it be copying if I started to animate roughly close to this style of art, it’s the only thing I know how to draw I don’t wanna sound like a copier, also wondering what fellow animators use (tried flipaclip many times and couldn’t work with it, to me it was too difficult)  Edit: 🗿
I consider ADHD a super power for me. I alot time blocks for grouped tasks and allow myself to flow freely between these tasks until the time is done. I'm also very hyperactive so I work multiple "part time" jobs instead of one full time job.  If I have the correct environment to work in during the correct time block I'm super productive and can work much longer hours than anyone I know.
The "This is how its like to think with ADHD" Portion was well done. My brain never shuts up and constantly throws me for loops when I need to focus.   One of my key things I have found that helps besides meds is asking a friend to help. They can literally be just sitting in the room with you, or on the phone, and suddenly my brain goes WE HAVE FOCUS NOW LETS DO STUFFFFF WE HAD PLANNED!!  The only downside is that if the friend was there to actually hang out with you and not just to fix your executive dysfunction, you can potentially toss them aside with a "Oh yeah sure thing, let me just get this thing done real quick" and the focus takes over and you forget they are even there.
Im in high school, taken ADHD meds since like 6th grade, I get good test scores. ADHD is not an excuse for low performance on tests that just ur fault. I mean some people are born with good memory, some people are born with bad memory but the guy with trash memory might succeed more than the first guy cuz he tried harder. Same with ADHD basically.  One thing I do agree with is that ADHD makes you take test taking slower and also bad at completing work sometimes.  I really do get the part with like the tasks and doing half a task then doing something else, then taking a break and distracted into starting yet another task and its really hard to get tasks done and complete them. Sometimes that happens for me, just like force urself to focus and finish one thing. *I took methamphetamine which I guess is harder stuff than Adderall, once I took too much and like I was basically ultra foccused like someone who was high and then I was focussed by even the sound the fan it was really trippy and I didn't like it.
Days I am off my Adderall, like I leave for work before I take them, are hard. And then I remember, oh yeah! This is what withdrawal feels like...cuz amphetamine...
ive been taking adhd meds(im at 60mg) for around 10 years and yep, theres a very big curve, for the first about 2-3 years i had to get used to the issues it brought, for me i take Methylphenidate(aka biphentin) and the problem i have to deal with is i dont eat lunch, like at all, im not hungry and if i try to eat, i feel like i want to throw up nor do i drink during the entire day, i have to force myself to do it, but i find that med to be a very good balance of focus and being able to do manual work, but if i ever stop taking em, hell breaks loose, i got so used to taking them, its addicting, luckily i live in canada, meds arent too pricy here lol
Where are all the comment?                                             Lol
Yippee I remembered to unsubscribe!! It's supposed to say "subscribed" right?
Has anyone tried those app things that are supposed to make tasks like a game to help them?
the  last meds I took was Focalin. it made my heart race, and I could focus on work, but after about 3-4 hours, I would crash into a puddle. With still 4 more hours of work ahead of me.
meth!! not just for tweakers anymore but for our children!!!
All I've learned is how to mix my drug and what to take for what acasion
After going into an adhd rabbit hole and 99% sure i have adhd
My first ADHD medication gave me depression
I’ve been medicated for about 4 years now for adhd, and I’ve never had anything like that happen before. I love the medicine because without it i will not get any schoolwork done. I ran out once and had to wait 3 months to get it again and tried to use coffee. Coffee helps a little, but not as much as medicine (i doubt you would get what you want from it but caffeine at least helps a little.) and i was still hardly getting anything done, but as soon as i was able to get a refill i was just getting everything done.
i have ADHD too and am currently on meds so here's some advice if you want it :D so i started out with short-acting meds, or meds that start working quickly but don't last that long and i was taking ritalin, which actually worked for me very well but because of school i then moved onto long-acting meds, which are meds that take a little longer to work but work for longer and i was and currently am taking concerta. both actually worked really well for me and have had little to no side effects so i recommend you try them if you're looking to go back on meds (though this is only my experience and it could be different for you)
ADHD is... thoughts overlapping? Like when I was laying in bed one time and a million songs started playing in my head at once?
Hello! I was diagnosed early and went through so many different meds. If you think medication is the right way for you, don’t give up! There are so many different meds that affect you in slightly different ways that it’s impossible to get it right on the first go! I ended up on folcalin, but it depends on who you are. If you really want to take meds please don’t let this discourage you, keep trying! And to anyone reading this, have a good day/night! :)
Just need to find your interests and stick with them. Don’t burn yourself our just go with the flow and keep going.
Love your vids! But I think the sound on this one is messed up
For someone who needs adhd medication to function properly it sucks cause i can’t take it cause I had no idea that the aviation industry sees any form of adhd medication as a big no no I was taking Methylphenidate, for me it worked very well I was able to finish tasks at hand and function kinda wish I still could be on it but aviation says no
Great video, but I really hate the "you're basically taking meth" line that some people say. It's 100% not true. Your body even makes the methyl group chemical that gives meth its name. It's used by various parts of the body for different things.
I have ADHD and all the meds I tried just made me fell awful and im never letting my mom make me take meds again
idk, sounds like adderal worked for you, like you wanted more, but it worked
Vivance was a no go for me, my side effect was that my heart beat a little faster, which for a dude with huge anxiety like me, was a biiiiiiiig no no.
Actully if your having really bad effects like that the instruction tell you to stop taking the meds.
is your ADHD why your videos take forever                    ps: I know that its cause art is hard
I feel you I have the same problem
the cow
As someone who’s been taking meds since I was a kid. This video really helped explain some of the side effects I’ve had from my ADHD meds
A guy I knew in school tried to sell me a whole backpack full of Adderall
The school reforms FDR kicked off that divorced us from a nation of we the people was a long plan that continued to reform specifically targeting the more idealistic that's also more prideful, hyber and rebellious and stetss seeking more submissive with good memory among. Reagan 80s was such hard reform they invented ADHD illness instead of addressing the direct causes of public education.  We stopped enriching young minds and looking to help them navigate and find value through vocational and civil services training. Closeed all the female and male aggs and home ec.  They consolidated all the later pulling away local community control and spirit socializing and federalizing them .  Stripped all God related moral ethics and the teaching of personal responsibility
(slow clapping) You, sir, have earned my unsubscription.
Oh fuck I forgot to fold my laundry
*ADHD is interesting, with or without meds. Its an experience.*
I'm waiting to be assessed for ADHD so I might end up on some of this stuff myself. Please keep us posted on your progress with your lovely animations!
Not sure man, after watching this video. I do feel like I get distracted often from important tasks and sidetracked to do smaller things. This might be a hot take, but I felt that I was just being lazy
Ya I took medication then forgot to for a while and now I just don’t take it, I’m able to focus, kinda, but I move around so much that I always have a figit toy on me. Even while writing this I’m moving my leg
adderall gang
Concerta did to me what Vyvanse did to you.
I for one take have adhd and have tried a few different medications, the one I found to work the best was vyvanse. The only problem was some of the side effects. The ones I experience are a much shorten appetite and lack of sleep. Other than that though I would recommend vyvanse but it’s different for each person
Aaaa you don’t know how relatable this was… it’s so difficult to find a ADHD medication you can stick to
Sleep deprived for 17 years  Sexually suppressed for 27 years  And mental illness for 29 year   #notworried
Caffeine it helps
This is painfully accurate, but I'm also very thankful for stimulant medication, it has definitely changed my life.
The fact that I can watch this whole thing means I'm doing good today.
Fuck... do I have ADHD? Lol
For me personally My add and adhd meds would make me throwup make me really dizzy make me not able to sleep and not want to eat I would eat like half an orange or a 1 sandwich a day
I really loved hearing about your experience. I have adhd too and have struggled trying to find a good medication without distracting and sometimes painful side effects. Hearing you describe what it felt like…really resonated with me. I was nice to hear someone describe so succinctly the stuff ive been experiencing too. :)
I started taking adderall when I was in 7th grade… by the time I was 25 years old I was an addict and I was lucky enough to get out of that… my friends weren’t so lucky…. Now they have a heart monitor machine attached to them. Doctors are ignorant
I have adhd and this is relateble
Lol that ending
I think I have ADHD but idk where to see a professional doctor or idk
i unsubcribed and re subcribed for the bit I also have adhd but it's not super severe along as I try hard enoff to focus I focus but it's like trying to more break a piece of dry pasta but also trying to bend it
same
yay a post
I have ADHD
Hey man,  I was diagnosed very young, like first grade. I started taking meds and it was concerta (generic version tho). It worked but as I got closer to 18 I felt like I wasn't me. That and I was on the highest dosage allowed. Something around 70mg. (sheesh) Stopped taking the meds at 18. I didn't realize till now 4 years later that like my ADHD is definitely still pretty bad and I was just flying by the seat of my pants all these years.  I got back on the meds and it's working okay so far but we have already increased dosage like twice, but like it's an improvement in focus AND willingness to do things.  so like moral of the story idk ADHD is wack and goofy. but concerta worked best for me. ALSO good rx is a god send if you looking to save money on adhd meds   ALSO adhd med shortage suuccckkksss
I want to know what the cow dancing song is
I've got ADHD real bad. I just find ways to easily multitask, like listening to music and chewing gum while writing essays. It kind of works.
I reccomend focalin beauce at 10 and under its very useful any above and you get like +100IQ
I have an annoying case of ADHD too, but I take something a bit more mild, like Focalin at 5-10 mg, and a short release variant at that (i think, i remember seeing that on the capsule for it but cant find it), which allows me to be very adaptable with my intake with it. it doesn't matter whether i take it for an entire week or an entire month, im safe to stop at any time, the one problem is it sort of kills ur appetite and make u a bit mellow. my own problems with it is that i become a bit more self concious, i'm miserable without something to do, and it makes creative thinking a bit more difficult for me
thurpy do some thurpy
adderall just made me mad one of my shoes are tied tighter than the other
What's the cow video title? Asking for a friend with ADHD who got quite interested in it.... *cough cough*
0:01 so who’s gonna tell him
I grown up with Vyvanse for most of my life and I can agree with the side effects he experienced. And yes never quit cold turkey with ADHD medication because the side effects of that are way worse than being on them. I'd like to also point out that there is ways to get help with pricing of the medication. I have an insurance because of my ADHD that covers basically anything medical which includes help with paying for my medication.
Well, maybe kids need to be disciplined instead of medicated. But then again, that wouldn't be profitable.
I tried to watch this video at 5am but I fell asleep and I was dreaming about a dancing cow
I've been on concerta for years for my ADHD, and it works...sort of. Being depressed doesn't help because even though I can now focus and I'm not hyperactive as much, I now have zero motivation because of an entirely different thing.   Random Note: I hate medication and I hate relying on them simply because if something happens I don't know if I'll be capable of living without them so suddenly.
I have ADHD, so this vid checked every mark for me
this was uploaded on the exact day I got my first ADHD meds
Quick note on vyvanse, those symptoms you had are common during a loading phase, usually lasts a week or two and you eventually get accustomed to the meds, its your brain getting shocked as its not used to the proper amount of dopamine and norepinephrine levels you should have and now that you do have them your brain needs a little to get used to it. Think of it like a new pair of shoes, they don't ever quite feel right until you've worn them for a while.
So what you really need is someone constantly watching over your shoulder and forcing you to go back to work when you get unfocused
my friend, cut out social media. delete the apps from your phone it 100% helps i am on 3 weeks i think now and can focus so much better without anything distracting me but tons and tons of porn
ADDerall XR 20mg for 15+ years now. My life would be shambles without.
Thank you
Now wonder if I should start taking meds for my ADHD again. Like all these meds having different meds have different outcomes. Maybe I find one that works for me
U people are so fun, 2 be friends with. I'm kind of the opposite of adhd.
I have ADHD and got meds but I didn’t take them lol it’s been years
From all friends I've got that take medication for this type of situations, not a single left them, glad that ISC did.                :D
3:55 SKIP DAT SPONSORSHIP nobody cares about nord vpn
hey! I have adhd symptoms!! also some dyslexia symptoms
Intuniv will help with add a lot, it just makes you super sleepy
Meds are a freaking nightmare in America. So much corporate push for x brand over y brand that doctors just metaphorically throw darts at the wall until something sticks.  We should really make it a standard to do blood tests so it can be noted in our medical files what medications our bodies can handle and which ones are toxic in said environment, but apparently it's too expensive for most health insurances unless you've a really bad condition like ms.
I had concerta medication. I was able to focus but the downside was that I was always depressed, my appetite gone, too many headaches, and a lack of sleep. I also felt kinda dizzy and weird?? when I told my mom about this she was also like "Okay then let's stop taking them."😅
I always used to be called lazy or spacey , so much I thought that about myself and felt guilty for not completing tasks. Lazy people don’t feel sorry for being lazy. I’m starting mEd’s for it soon at 56 for the first time after being diagnosed, I hope it works, but I feel better knowing I have adhd, less guilty.
methamphetamine
i have adhd and i was on adderall for years...i quit taking it in 2012 and ive kinda just learned to live with it. It definitely hinders me at times but the meds make me all geeked out and im not myself on them, so ill take the no meds route lol.
Bro when I took my adhd medicine it made me loose my apatite and I lost like 10 pounds 😃 (not a good thing I was already pretty under weight)
I literally cant think I’m mean I can but I uh …crap
The thumbnail: G U H
all i have to say is, great video, fuck straterra, love adderall
i love ADHD without meds
adhd can be fun, and bad. take this from someone who cant control their leg while sitting
I took Adderall and I was like,, wow I can have a coherent thought
ADHD is a joke diagnosis. Dude that came up with it admitted it was a cash grab. Yes I have been diagnosed. No I don't have it. What I have is the same shit everyone else has. An inability to deal with modern life.
I felt like this video was really good. So often I see people acting like Adderall or Ritalin or whatever is just a miracle in a bottle that makes it so you basically don't have adhd, which, like, idk if that's how it works for other people but meds never really worked for me for various reasons and seeing that as a huge narrative just feels kinda alienating sometimes. It's just nice to see these things talked about with some nuance, understanding that adhd isn't something that can be "cured".
As someone who grew up with ADD and having medication, Adderall was a strange period in my life. Probably from elementary school (I’m not sure when I started it, maybe 2nd grade) till towards the end of junior year. Over the years, I would have to have the Adderall meds be notched up since I would get used to it and would need the medication to work… well… Stronger. and everytime I DIDNT take the meds, I seriously COULD NOT FOCUS. So distracted by everything. It effected my grades. And the medication DID help but… it completely changed who I was as a person. Like… personality wise and appetite. I’m a very outgoing person (even if shy or not that much of a people person). But the medication would make me just… be there. Not really doing anything other than the focusness. I wouldn’t have any jokes or have fun or laugh or anything. And learning that Adderall could give me heart problems later in my life was a big thing for me to slowly take pills every couple of days in junior year and then just stop using it in senior year. (I agree ICS, do not just STOP taking it. Please see a doctor or something beforehand.) it Was a struggle for that final year but I pulled through. I don’t take anymore medication and I’ve learned to get through the days a lot better. But that’s just my story on the matter.
-this is not hate or a lecture on anyone i just feel like sharing-  important to note that medication should coincide with building skills to manage your symptoms. that’s not just going to be taking pills and willing yourself to be neurotypical, you kind of have to learn how you learn and like work medication in or out however is best for you (consult ur psychiatrist before changing ur medication routine duh). an example of those “skills” in my life is that i’ve kinda learned how to divide my attention perfectly, freshman year i would listen to audiobooks for book assignments and play a videogame that i could kinda zone out of partially to take in the book. i don’t really get assignments like that anymore, i’m just expected to read for like 20 minute periods sometimes and my medication + focus music works well for that. but like u gotta try fidget toys and alarms and stimming and all that stuff and get to know what works for u. this process should be ENTIRELY about being your healthiest and being able to take care of/support yourself, not being normal enough for other people.
same
with any of these it seems like it can kick your Whatever Function It Might Be into gear, but the hardest part is getting that function TO DO THE RIGHT THING. it takes so much work to just pick the Thing You Don't Want To Do and get started consistently so the focus works
ADHD in a few words.  *become stupid*
isn’t that ADD??? people have combined it now, so there’s apparently 2 different types of ADHD.
Wow I can’t believe I’ve been taking meth on the daily for like 14 years
I took so much adrenal as a kid for my ADHD but I’m going to be honest. ADHD is a lie told by doctors to get you on meds for the big pharmaceutical companies. People just learn differently that’s all it is. Some people learn from books others learn with hands. As a kid I felt like a zombie going through the day with zero emotion and feelings. Just numb all day getting my work done and then at the end of the day I felt normal again. After like a few years I decided I’m done and started flushing the pills and not taking them and I felt like me again. I felt like I was alive for the first time in years. We need to stop medicating children for not being able to sit for 6 hours everyday and stare at a book. The learning process is special and it’s waisted by forcing children to sit for 6 hours a day and not allowing them to express their feelings and creativity.
Finding the right medication is such a pain. My depression is finally much better once I was put on Lexapro.
i need that cow video. i need it for my health
The timing of this video is great, I've just started on Concerta XL for 4 days now, it's really odd having clarity currently and also just general silence in the good ol' brain hole.  Haven't had medication once all my life and was rejected of having an assessment, so my ADHD went unchecked for 20 years of my whole life till 1 week ago, it's very odd having silence.
Ive always thought I had some moderate or mild case of ADHD, then after pausing your video a minute in to search "dancing cow meme" and then again searching for the original song, then again searching for some other song I was reminded of that I hadnt heard in a while, I came back and finished this video. And I was by no means uninterested in yours when I clicked away, dont misunderstand. I just... Feel you bro. I get that. I dont want meds though. Thats money. Or testing.
As I'm watching this I'm also playing pokemon and yes I have adhd
Concerta really works for me, you should try that. No, I’m not a pharmaceutical salesman, and yes I looked up how to spell “pharmaceutical.”
Unsubscribe? I mean I don't want to but if it'll help, I guess I can...
Behavioral Therapy?  No side effects, eh?
Oh sorry I have to rewind, I was listening to the cow video. (I forgot the name 😅)
Meds can be really helpful for some, but sometimes even if they ARE helpful, the side effects can make it a no-go. And that's okay! I am at a decent place with managing my ADHD now, and I'm largely unmedicated. I have Adderall (NOT XR!!) to take on days where I need to do a lot of reading or writing, but otherwise I have adapted by making lifestyle changes that accommodate the way I think.   I've taken Strattera and Adderall XR before (as well as a host of other meds for other conditions), and even though they were helpful in some ways, they were harmful in others. The meds didn't help in all the ways I needed help, and they really messed with my sleep, migraine frequency, and appetite. It was really frustrating, and I've definitely taken meds for longer than I should because I wanted them to work so bad. I don't know. I really appreciate this video ;_;
This friday i am going to have my first meeting with a psychiatrist so i confirm if i actually have adhd, sinse it's something i've been questioning for quite some time. Yay anxiety       also, i got distracted with several videos, including this one, while trying really, REALLY hard to do my homework. Noice.
This is my exact current situation, except... the meds' most noticeable effect on me was absolutely killing my appetite. So when on meds, I would be slightly more focused, but bc I was barely eating, I always was tired and unfocused and moody anyway, on top of slight anxiety. So it just cancelled out any benefits. I recently stopped taking stimulants entirely and for the first few weeks was RAVENOUS. Like eating nonstop.... but I felt great. I had energy. I felt more present and balanced. My motivation and focus was about the same... but physically and emotionally I felt more stable. It's starting to even out now, and I'm returning to my normal weight, but I'm pretty sure the sudden overwhelming appetite was bc I was basically starving for years. So for me, being well fed is just as effective and healthier for my general health as taking meds is. I still have a few different meds I can try, but if they kill my appetite like the others I've tried in the past, I doubt they'll help me. So yeah back at square one.
THERES MEDICATION!? I should get that :)
1:32 I actually know what it sounds like. I was in 6th grade band once
7:25 Oh, thank goodness that wand twist I thought it was. For sure, tho if at you were going to say “Google the symptoms you experience.” That would’ve been a poor rabbit hole to go down, especially with how you said your focus was. (I’m in no way a professional doctor, but it’s common sense to not follow googled symptom results)
Only Ice Cream Sandwich’s sponsor segments are actually watched by me, he makes them entertaining
Polish cow do be a BOP
As a 32 year old with ADHD*got diagnosed as a child*... Had ritlan and all the shit .... My whole life has be a fucking Rollercoaster 😂... I haven't been medicated in some time now, you got good days and bad days, but once you figure out what works for you.
honestly kinda wanna take meds for mine, but i also know i can’t consistently afford them, and don’t really have a way of getting them prescribed to me to begin with, and even if i DID start taking them, i know that i’ll have just a miserable and impossible time dealing with and adjusting them and everything with it so :p
i also obtained the adhd at ma fetus promotion to baby YAAAAA
lol i heard about meth in vivance
I have been using Adderall for a while now, and it works just fine for me. It really just matters on whether you try to focus, instead of expecting the meds to work. Have you tried caffeine yet? It works the opposite for people with ADHD.
I commented last video on how the video was relatable,and i myself,has been diagnosed with adhd,and i drink a medication to help me with work in school.I understand how you think the medications you take dont work the way you want it,and how it causes headaches,but it helps the problem with not being able to focus,and forgeting things.Not saying that you should take your meds everyday,and if you dont your not a civilian in the face of society.What im trying to say is that sometimes meds can have affects on us which helps with future things you need to get ready for.
Bro I need the cow video ASAP
Yeah, I have been through the same thing.  External structure to match needed learning  and execution goals. The structures must be different to accommodate the different goals. All senses must be integrated in to the processes.
￼
look up HowToADHD on YouTube.  you're welcome
I'm having a decent experience with Qelbree, but you *have to start it super slowly* I mean *SUPER SLOWLY*. Doc was like okay take one of these per day, & in two weeks start taking two, then two more weeks etc.  Yeah, that was too fast.  Blood pressure spiked so hard on day two I thought I was gonna pop. I also just started taking testosterone, so that was probably a factor, but here I am two months later & I'm only taking two a day once in a while.  It took two weeks to get to one a day instead of every other.
I take Vyvanse but how you described it is perfect as to how it affects me. I just thought I was the problem. Should probably talk to my mom about this.
The hardest thing to drill into people’s heads when I try to explain what ADHD is like for me is that when I’m talking to someone, there is a very high likely hood that my mind will drift in and out while talking to that person, and many times, I won’t even notice! It just happens so seamlessly. Sometimes I DO catch myself drifting off and interject and ask that person to kindly repeat themselves, but that’s what has grated me the most when others just casually say I just need to listen more intently. Like uhh, I really don’t have control over that aspect, sorry.
i take vyvanse but i cant take it without an SSRI (serotonin re-uptake inhibitor) like fluoxitine, or I'll get some wacky side effects
1:59 the disdain in his voice on "conSERta" is something so specifically relatable
Take that gamble every day because I am like that with or without meds hyperfixated 50/50
I SWEAR DO YOU JUST WAIT UNTIL YOU GET A SPONSOR. i dare u to go one 12 minute vido without and add!
Im currently taking drugs for my adhd bull but I more or so see it as a prison due to how many drugs I have taken.
Thank you Noodle for reminding me to unsubscribe I almost forgot to, amazing video
What does Adderall feel like? Meth. It feels like meth.
nice
SYMPHONIC HARMONIES OF THE VOID SING TO MEEE..! wait oh wow i can remember what i was thinking about if i sit and run back through it.
Clonidine be crazy  Ngl adhd is crazy.
Just to clear out, ADHD is an attention deficit paired with hyperactivity. Hyperactivity you have a lot of energy and it's hard for you to stand still. Most articles also state that you can't think about work, but that's not really 100% true. I personally just can't focus on tasks that I find to be irrational, or boring. That being said it is extremely easy to entertain me. I have fun doing chores, like doing the dishes.  Now let's set a scenario: I need to read a book for school, but it's just really boring and already starting to read the book, I know where the story is going and what kind of message it's trying to convey, so I feel stupid having to go through that shit. I'll keep reading for a bit and then I'll realize, I have been reading, but I have not been taking in the information, I have no clue what is happening, who these new characters are, what the main character is talking about, so I have to re read it and this time try harder to pay attention. But it pains me. It's so shit, after few scenes, without even noticing I start thinking about about something completely unrelated. And if you didn't kno, the attention deficit works for both ways. You can be too easily distracted, but you can also be too focused. I personally get hyperfocused really easily on things that are interesting to me. So pair my hyperactive syndromes with hyperfocus, and as a result in my thoughts I'm completely gone to another dimension. I forget what I was doing, I forget time, all I think about is that random mildly interesting thing topic that somehow just popped up in my head. Now I have spent 2 h with the book in my hands and still didn't read shit, except maybe the first page. So I'm to myself like: I can't concentrate right now, imma play some video games and read this later. So I start playing video games. Again, hyperfocuse. I completely forget everything else, all I'm thinking about is the game I'm playing. And oops, it's already 12 pm and I should definitely go sleep. And of course after my intense focus on something completely unrelated to the book, I have completely forgotten the books existence.  That is my experience with ADHD. Hope it was interesting.  Also just realizing, I took over half an hour just to write this comment, it is 1:21 pm I should sleep by now. Just another example of my hyperfocuse.
ain’t nothing like getting yelled at by your parents because you can’t retain information or focus on a task🥲
Managing ADHD with medication just treats the symptom, not behavior.
At around the five minute mark I started cleaning my room and then a solid two minutes later realized I wasn't watching the video and instead listening to all the bees buzzing in my head so then I rewound the video and then I forgot that I was writing this comment... and almost clicked off. I'm on meds. ...Seems I will be looking for better options...
7 minutes and 55 seconds of pure comedy.
E
Vyvanse had me outside, staring at the sky, no idea what I was looking at or for. I was not supposed to be outside...
Its so cringe to see the flocks of people who come here to he validated. The same for any mental issue video
Try being black having ADHD. It’s called a DISRUPTION than it is a medical issue.
Adderall only made me hungry with no appetite and barely helped me focused... so it worked out👍
so where  can I find the cow video :D?
I'm super sensitive to my medicines, and they would make my brain feel like it turned into a bowl of mashed potatoes, and also made me not want to eat food
Been on Adderall for over a year, and it's been a great experience. Not the same as meth though lmao at least not for an ADHD brain. It's different for everyone, though. Hope you can find ways to cope with the ADHD symptoms, I know how crippling and frustrating it can be.
if you think meds can be helpful for you, keep trying !! it took me 7 different antidepressents to find one that worked for me !!
I'm watching this while haven't started on paperwork that is due in an hour.
listening to someone's experience with ADHD makes me even more convinced that I have it  I have that song stuck in my head half the video
R.E.L.A.T.A.B.L.E
I can’t take adhd meds, it make me have seizures, which sucks bc I already have epilepsy.
Sadly I wasn't subscribed yet, so by hitting the unsubscribe button.. I accidentally subscribed.... welp.
It’s ok I have adhd 90% of this I have experienced before I took meds and stoped trying to kill ppl lol edit yea my adhd brain is weird
i almost actually unsubscribed because he told me to this man casted suggestion on me
I started medication a month ago and I felt it kind of wearing down near the end of the school day so they upped it from 5mg to 10mg and that fucked me up so bad to the point that when i stopped taking the 10mg and went back to 5mg I still felt like I was on the 10mg. Now I have a booster for now until I can maybe switch to a medication that will be able to hold up longer but I gotta test out the booster because if I switch medication rn insurance won't cover it.  It was so weird trying to explain to my parents like "I wanted to do something and I just did it" and they kind of just- It more like felt they didn't really understand fully but ya it's been interesting
I was starving when I took my medication
Okay, I unsubscribed. Now what?
The hyper fixation portion of this video is kinda like how I am all the time, and I don’t take any meds, well anymore.
1:08 if i ever have to explain adhd to a neurotypical i will simply show them this
You should just get somebody to constantly manage you until you know how to work and not get distracted, your videos are amazing.
Bro I take Meth too lmao (Adderalldeeznutsonyour-)
i have adhd and take meds for it, but something i struggle with is my brain focuses really well, just not on what i want it to focus on
“ADHD” isn’t real. It’s a lie to get gullible people to buy loads of drugs they don’t need.
"The meds worked, until... HEY, YOU WANNA KNOW ABOUT A VPN?!" Subtle yet clever transition!
For me meds just about are not an option any more there's only a small handful of them on the market I've not been on at one point or another and a few of those I can't take because they will trigger an existing drug allergy. You basically have to learn how to cope when you end up not being able to use medication.
Yes he’s back.
Andy is so relatable Not taking meds is the best because I can just slip through so many thoughts thinking about something depressing well omg do you remember this really funny thing but that same thing can happen when you working on something or just start thinking about one thing and spiral down through 4000 thoughts and lose track of time
When they were all talking about what two plus two is basically what happens every time I talk to my friends.
Just tried being off meds such a difference crazy 😜
It makes me sleepy
This made me feel so much better!
I was on anti anxiety meds and that ish made me stop breathing in my sleep. I did the same and stopped taking them and bam fine. Did get some brain zaps though
7:37 this is my brain on the daily
dude i always tell people my head is full of goblins so 1:08 is SO PERFECT
2 minutes in. Source on the cow song, plz?
If you give a mouse a cookie...
it took me two hours to finish this video so i feel u
WOOOO NEW VIDEO
Its called the Ability Toucan. (Ability to "can")
:0
thanks for the disclaimer, you have saved many lives
im 80% sure that i have ADHD
I even get distracted watching this video who's speaking about me
Dis is epicness video Do u wants to collab with me Also do u have discord
was literally mindlessly scrolling thru youtube while on my medication today n feel like crying bc of how it makes me feel idfk. some days it's ok some it makes me anxious n overthink. today's a bad day so thanks for this upload (Vyvanse here lol)
thanks fore this segment. i have ADHD and have all my life i too have had all the same effects with meds. it sucks having ADHD but at times its kinda cool to be the only person to cope with actual multitasking but not actual follow through with the immediate task does become monotonous. id love about any progress and maybe inform subscribers Not to Un Subscribe...
I also take Adderall for ADHD and it helps significantly 👍😁
This guy is so good, I watch through his whole sponsorship
I should be working on an animation, but my ADHD was calling me to watch this video.
I have been waiting for another video!!!!
Bruh my grandma needs to hear this I swear not about the medication but about how adhd works, she treats me like I don't have it and gets mad when I don't get something done like I don't have a disorder like her daughter
I’m on Dexmethylphenidate, or Focalin, right now. I took Vyvanse in the past, but it felt like my ADHD overpowered it. Like it learned what was happening, and didn’t want to be contained, so it got stronger.
As someone with ADHD and takes medication for it, you really couldn’t of described it any better. Loved this video!
Do you actually play trumpet just wondering
What's with the cow video in the background?!  🐄
22 year old with adhd here...honestly i dont eaven hafe the will power to go to a doc and get some pills  I had a few in my chieldhood but the effeckts where....interisting....i took "medikenet" and it was like Mother: how do you feel? Me: i can feel the path of conversations 😶...also there are 35 lights in our house :) so yeah. After a while i got afraid that it impacts my emotional developement so i didnt took them anymore.
Thanks, this is really relatable for me as a person dealing with the side affects of my ADD medication. If I take less medication, my overall work quality is worse but if I take a higher dose there are huge side effects such as sweating and headaches. It’s good to know there are other people who are having problems with the meds because I don’t really see anyone else around me having these problems and it can make me feel alone.
That's kind of where I ended up with meds and ADHD. I tried a bunch and they all helped in ONE specific area but it was different for each one. In the end I gave up on meds because I could either be sometimes sort of productive in all of the way without them or ONLY productive in ONE way EVER with them. To each their own because brains are weird.
I got the wormbo combo of anxiety, adhd, and autism, all giving different effects AND boosting each others
It's so interesting to hear your opinion on this.  I'm German and apparently ADHD medications are handled differently here. I can take them whenever I need them, so if I know I'll be studying, having appointments, doing important stuff I'll just take the meds in the morning - I have some that only last for half a day and some that last for the whole day.  It also is advised to use the meds mainly to establish routines that work for you. How long can I concentrate, what do I need for it? Do I need an alarm clock to help me remember doing a specific task? A visible clock and planned-out time management are helpful. Having ADHD, we tend to not develop these supportive mechanisms. When we take meds, we'd suddenly have the brain capability, but don't know how to utilize it. You can have the best machines available but still couldn't build a house if you just don't know how to use the machines. Medications are NOT the only solution. In the best case, you have therapy alongside to help you figure everything out.
22h
Its 4
Ice cream sandwich:unsubscribe wait   Me:wait what
S someone with attentive type of ADHD I have learned one thing WE HAVE POWERS some people with ADHD can hyperfocus on things with practice it's possible to control this to complete tasks
Another great video, Andy :) Unsubscribed
This species might be doomed
I'm sure that you've been told by now, but...there are more medications out there than just those two. Having to find the right medication is a process, and it is difficult thing to go through. We have two children that we have gone through this journey with. Don't give up; you got this!
This is the most relatable video in the world
I realize this video was for me when the video ended and I’m still thinking about that cow singing in Polish from the first 15 seconds.
That ending was Pure gold! XD
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia
Hi, I take methylphenidate. :D
Yea finally another adhd vid I have it
I've noticed how us with ADHD (98% of the comment section) type REALLY long comments 😂
I love love love this visual your animation style, it is so fun to just watch silly expressions of your characters
I don’t have this problem with adhd meds but with bipolar meds so while I can’t directly relate to this, I can still relate to ths
The video that he is watching in the beginning is called Dancing polish cow and the song is called Gdzie jest biały węgorz by Cypis
Glad, but also not glad, that I'm not the only one who just- stopping taking my meds when they started to really affect me awfully. Seems I'm not the only stupid one :D But seriously yeah, listen to him. Never just, stop taking your meds. It can be incredibly dangerous for your body
Bring back the cow
I have to get rediagnosed because it's been 10 years and I've been unmedicated but I hope I can try meds soon because it's just horrible rn
Yo I also have ADHD And this is so relatable
Music helps, if you keep your brain stimulated to a degree, you can retain focus
How did they play 8 different trumpets when they only have 5 mouths......
I wonder what this guys actual voice is
how is the video of the cow called? how do I find it?
Um that isn’t normal ???? 1:27
THIS HURTS
I had a similar problem with citalopram when i was on that for depression when i was younger. Like, it worked - i wasn’t sad, but it worked too well and i was just completely apathetic. And i was just like “ok this is life now” for the longest time. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
We have to cook 😎
ADHD is playing the game but in hard mode.
I feel the volume of this video is too low
i was put on wellbutrin for about a year (i also have bipolar) and it was fine, better than baseline, but it kinda felt like if too much built in my system after a while i would start seeing shit and feeling really off, like my vision would be blurry or my eyes would hurt, and the tinnitus was insanely loud. i've been on 150, 300, and 450. 300 was where i was at for a while, and then i noticed that if i took a break every few weeks and let my baseline kinda lower (i found this out by accident by forgetting to take it), i would feel a little bit better. today i am feeling like there might be something better for me as i still struggled to do things and the side effects were starting to effect me more negatively. i really wanted to try vyvanse.   if i had any advice it would be this: a lot of people will often need a combo of meds. that's why it's important to be consistent with seeing your psych. i would be curious if the combination of vyvanse with something else would have helped you. or a combination of adderall with something else. etc. that's the annoying part -- i'm a year in and still trialing different meds. abilify, prozac, seroquel. etc to help manage my bipolar and adhd.
That trumpet bit reminded me about how my brain decided that "hamburger" overlapping 100 times over in my head was a good use of my time
The beginning was awesome
We miss you
I have ADHD and I know how it is I take medicine for it and it helps but I can't focus good.
so if i can pickle a cucumber then its a pickle but what is a pickled walnut?
The cow song 😅
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4PvkAXxa7E
4:46 breaking Bad reference 🤯🤯🤯
I hate having ADHD! My brain gives up on the Topic if I loose interest
As someone who plays trumpet that but about trumpet it’s accurate ur gonna have some ppl playing their jazz music 1 guy playing megalovania and 8 others just blasting notes in eachothers faces (I like to play video game soundtracks)
So you pretty much got addicted to meth and then started feeling the side effects??
Actual results whit dopamine fasts
I was diagnosed with both types of ADHD and I take adderall, and.. it helps with the focusing part, but not so much with the anger management.😅 (My ADHD switches me to “KILL THEM RIGHT NOW” mode when I’m mad and it’s very concerning💀)
*adhd kicks in at the end*
I’m on concerta, but I’m thinking about switching to black tar heroin
You’re making me realize I have ADHD  😅
I think its worth keep on trying. Different doses new medication etc. And routines are key. But yeah meds suck. But its sucks more without them from my experience
I always imagine that hes wearing a cowboy hat
bro in begiuning is littery me when someone talks to me
I have ADHD and Dexamphetamine is the perfect one for me. I tried methylphenidate (ritalin) before and it flattened me out a lot and it made me unhappy. Dexamphetamine however does exactly what I want it to do. I'm still exactly myself except I actually can focus! It works perfectly for me, so maybe give Dexamphetamine a try!
Bro how could you force me to sit through that sponsor
Concerta really does for me what you're describing you want out of your meds. Try it.
I'm trying atomoxetine rn, since it's a non-stimulant, and I am mainly the distracted type of adhd. Maybe talk to your doctor about trying a non-stimulant, like a SSRI.
as a child i was given some small red tablett for adhd dont remember its exact name but over the years of taking it it turned me incredibly quiet and heavily introverted, not to mention depressed. All of these things still linger on to this very day and i got to thank adhd medication for practically changing my entire person
Pretty interesting. I don't know a lot about ADHD so it's nice to learn a bit more.  Also I unsuscribed, as you asked. I couldn't stop myself from subscribing again after though.
It’s weirdly nice to hear that I’m not the only one who’s had a stupidly hard time getting ADHD meds that work right lol
Your second experience with meds is how ADHD works with me  Not on meds
Wait... so, I know I have mild ADHD, but the task thing is really similar to what I do.. hm.
"And don't forget to unsubscribe."   SIR YES SIR!
I have adhd to and I take melatonin
As a person with ADHD, this is all facts.
once i took 15 mg adderall after 10 mg and i felt cozy, and completely uninterested in talking and being funny to friends or people, and i also felt really focused, but more like my field of vision went down  but after that day that didnt happen again
Something I learned from this video. I don’t have ADHD,     but goddamn AD8K
JESUS CRIST I PROBABLY HAVE ADHD O_O
Ive had adhd ocd anxiety and autism my whole life, rittalin seems to do good shtuff for me!
Bro I remember when I took vivance my chest just felt light or like a little bit winded I still take it though and eventually I tuned it out as I’m in high school if there is a certain class I’m struggling in my nurse there has the meds sooo 2 hour class time halfway through it I’m bomb rushing it and nothing can stop me
Bro is used to take vyvance and it worked really well til it just… didn’t. so I stopped taking it (told my parents btw)
wait wha? i wasn’t listening
I got lucky with Strattera (Atomoxitine) but it's not the most popular ADHD med, since it's a non-stimulant, with that "slow burn" you were talkin' about, but it sure does SPIKE your heart rate throughout the whole day. That out of breath feeling, but it's been a lifelong improvement and I couldn't be as open or mindful of others and myself without it!
I took vyvance for a month or so(?) due to my horrible attention (I was prescribed ofc) and  it’s definitely an experience for me personally, it would completely remove my appetite and since I never remembered to feed myself, I would accidentally like starve not to mention, I was also so focused on other things (this was in school) that I couldn’t focus on what the teachers were saying to me and all focusing made me EXTREMELY tired so by the end of the day, I would crash on my couch till 9pm everyday and my sleep schedule got messed up  moral of the story, I stopped taking it it’s it’s a time
Adderall worked GREAT but made me an irritable monster. Much like your description of really wanting the meds to work and ignoring symptoms, it took me a long time to realize I was being a monster AND that it was the meds. I don't have the best self-awareness, it turns out, and sometimes being a jerk FEELS like standing up for yourself. :/  Strattera gave me crippling stomach pains, that one was easy to figure out and quit. Vyvanse gave me the ability to focus, but I still had to choose what to focus on. It is a bit of a gamble, but by and large I still found myself much more capable of getting on task and completing tasks.  And then my insurance decided I didn't need Vyvanse. So now I take Concerta, and it works...but not as well. :/ I can't wait for Vyvanse to get some good generic options. It worked so well....
Ahhh, adhd medication discussions and the "m" word ("meth")
I hate how my face does a big scrunch whenever you talk about your symptoms, not a disapproving, "I don't like what he said", kinda scrunch, but a, "oh dear god, I might have ADHD, and I may only just figured this out now", kinda embarrassed scrunch. On a related note, any advise as to how to get tested for ADHD?  It would probably be good for me if I knew for certain, rather than letting the question pop-up in my head whenever I am doing something with an amount of difficulty. Usually, when I have an intrusive question, I just google it and it goes away, but with my own medical health and wellbeing, that is not the right approach.
I have ADHD and it’s crazy!
2:25 Dude, this literally describes me in a nutshell, like, to a T. Thank you for explaining it in a comprehensible way so I can show it to others. Dude! I take Vyvanse! I've been taking it since highschool and it really works to help me focus AND get things done! I also noticed it helps me communicate better, like it helps me better explain things to people and organise my thoughts and put them into words. I also experienced that hyper fixation on the wrong thing too. And I'm sorry you got bad symptoms from it. Most symptoms I got from it was loss of appetite.
AUDIBLY gasped when you said you stopped taking it. im so glad it went fine for you
I think your results with the Adderall were still useful though. And I think if you'd let yourself continue doing things, you'd eventually have time to settle into that and do work too. Changing how your brain chemistry works takes time and with medicine you need a longer time for it to achieve your goals, longer than you might think.
I tried meds but they did nothing, and we never went to try different ones for some reason 🤷
Does anyone know what program Ice cream sandwich uses for animation?😊😊
I always loved your videos and always will ❤ Hope you find the right treatment
I was diagnosed with ast burgers and adhd and I can confirm this
I got diagnosed with inattentive ADHD a couple months back and was given adderall. Im at the max they can give me which is only 10 grams but it isn't doing anything to help me. It's just a pill I take when I take my anti-depressants and I feel no change. Im trying to get new meds to see what works but having ADHD is so frustrating, especially when people don't even try to understand how difficult it can be and just call us lazy.
Since you deal with ADHD so much, How long did this video take to finish??
I recommend focalin it works both ways and no bad things happen
Me : *remembers to do homeworks* also me : oooo silly plane!!!
The Meds that give you extra focus are the craziest, you could ether focus on a subject like astronomy and learn so much on how stars and planets are formed, or you can hyper focus on on astronomy and go down a conspiracy rabbet hole of ancient aliens and space angels.
As a person with ADHD I saw my friend take 3x the amount of pre workout then he was supposed to and it looked he had ADHD so if you want to experience ADHD look into it
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Ja pierdolę, ale mam zjazd Nie chwytam gwiazd, jak kłoda leżę Nie wierzę Co się dzieje Jak kura z głodu pieję Jak wilkołak do księżyca W głowie dziury jak ulica Przed twoją chatą Rozpuszczam się jak baton Który leży na blacie Zejście jest jak nie wciągacie Bracie kurwa ryj mi krzywi W głowie burdеl jak w TV Mnie nie dziwi taki stan Brak towaru, w myślach ćpam Rade dam albo niе dam Wszystko kurwa z chaty sprzedam W sumie mam już przejebane Wszystko jednak jest sprzedane Ja pierdolę, same długi Kinol jak u Tabalugi Dzień drugi bez walenia Gdzie jest wąż? Biała chemia Jebane zejście tak wykańcza Jak by w chuja dziabła cię szarańcza Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Chemia party, chcę na narty Do dilera, a nie w Alpy O żesz kurwa, chyba fiknę Jak w nochala nic nie psiknę Tak bardzo chce dotykać gwiazd Ale nic z tego, bo mam zjazd Totalne kurwa mega zejście A marzy mi się smoka wejście Masz hajsy? Ci też zalegam? No to chuj, dziś już nie biegam Chcę mieć kopa jak pantera W krechę nie ma u dilera Już nie, na pewno nie Chyba śmierć rozkłada mnie Nic nie przełknę, mam dreszcze Kurwa mać, ile jeszcze Będzie trwał ten stan? Śnił mi się koksu van I hery gram tak dla smaku Chcę się wozić w Cadillacu Myślami po znajomych biegam Lecz każdemu coś zalegam Odpada opcja pożyczki Bo przycinam jak nożyczki Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Syf jak na Discovery Chcę wystrzelić jak z giwery Chcę hery i inne bajery W nosie pustka, słychać szmery Macie numer do Gargamela? Może u niego w kotle jest hera? Wiem - głupoty pierdolę Ale nie ma nic na stole A w kieszeni jebana pustka Przydała by się w totka szóstka Albo chociaż jakaś czwórka I bym leciał jak jaskółka Jak pszczółka Maja Do ucha śpiewałaby mi Kayah To są jaja, no nie wierzę Wygięty leżę jak zdechłe zwierze Gorączka w kurwę się nasila Poharatany jak dupa fakira Jak zdzira wymiętolony Leżę kurwa rozpalony Hej Johnny, chciałbym posypać I na łące jak królik brykać Ale cały czas ten zjazd Usycham jak wyrwany chwast Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięc gram Odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie mysli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz
I used to take like 20 mg’s of methylfenidate chloride. I can tell you, it’s a fucking numbing agent!
could you do some stories about you and your dad
These symptoms sound familiar and as far as I know i don't have ADHD
Nah i have ADHD it is so annoying i have it severe too im glad my fav youtuber has it to it makes happy ice cream sandwhich you are my fav youtuber
this happened to me sort of when I went from adzenys to adderall. except I didn't sleep for three days
Muh
I have a good medication that I think you should talk to your doctor about. I know you sadly  probably won’t see this but I think you should try a medicine called “Quillichew” it is a amazing medicine for me. I can focus but also keep track of things and be able to do different tasks. I think you should really check it out with your doctor.
My brain: where can i see the video with the cow?????? :'-(
5:16 when you take an edible
E
This was my experience with ADHD meds also.
the cow song 😎
I have ADHD and i remember that one of my sisters recomend to ask my dad to buy medication. But My mom when crazy saying that i should not take medication i just should just try adaptimg whith this in time.      Its been hell but a manage to kinda control this for a while but i never have take medication in my life wonder how it is...  I still wonder
I remember my first time taking Adderall, and it was like… whoa… 😶
For me it just ultimately came down to this: I don’t want to be a pill I want to be me, if I am a horribly unproductive scatterbrained weirdo than that’s who I am right now and I need to find a way to make myself better, I will not be a pill.
https://youtu.be/wh2rwGw43Yk DEMONTIMEEEEE 👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿
I might have ADHD. If I look someone too long in the eyes or not, I still look him but in my head I start talking to myself about something else
Remembered this last night after watching your vid,, in psych class we learned that meth can, in fact, be used to treat ADHD in kids. So, while you were consuming 'like-meth,' you didn't get the chance to consume 'actual meth oh my goodness it's meth.'   (Obvi doctor's aren't giving meth to kids willy-nilly, it's a last-resort type thing and only for cases where it's difficult to function in society.)
I took adhd meds, having it myself, but not for a few years, and remembering I don’t think there was any difference
I took meds for my ADHD still take it and lost 4 pounds from it in 2 months… wow
Stop taking adhd medication, makes me feel like a zombie and empty inside when I take mine, I don’t care if you think it helps you focus you will over all be better without it, you don’t need to mask adhd, it is a gift from GOD that we are blessed with this ❤️❤️
Dang, I'm just glad Andy has a job where he can utilize the ADHD. The absurdity and lack of focus is wildly hilarious XD
I've experienced the same thing with anxiety and depression meds. It was YEARS before I found the right combination of meds that worked with my body and allowed me to function.
Adderall is amphetamines, which is speed, not meth.  And Vyvanse is Lisdexamfetamine, which is basically an amphetamine precursor that your body turns into amphetamines at its own metabolic rate.  Both of them are drugs that can technically be abused recreationally, but most drug users think people who do speed for fun are a bit weird.
DUDE story of my life : (0:58 to 1:35) It is especially bad when its a reading exam. XD
Try concerta 🫶🏼
I have inattentive ADHD it's not super bad but it still makes it hard to focus I've been taking medicine for it and it's helped quite a bit I'm still pretty new to the medicine and the first day taking it was rough (I was really thirsty and extremely tired.my mom even checked my blood sugar I don't even have diabetes) and we don't know if it has any severely negative effects yet.
My adhd medicine made me not sleep :sad:
I was watching the video, but then paused mid-way and started sillying about with my brother, then i began talking about this and that, then went to get a drink and-  Ice Cream Sandwich:  😐 bruh.
I have so many symptoms for adhd but my mum refuses to get me tested
Well that sucks I guess I have to unsubscribe bc he told me to … that’s a shame I love this channel
as someone who recently started taking medication, when im not on it i fucking suck a everything and i zone out randomly and just not care abt whatever the fuck is going on when im on it tho im actually gonna get shit done! ill still zone out tho so i think i need more milligrams or better medication
Ah yes, the act of thinking about my math homework, video games, my dog, and my mortal existence is very familiar
the way to get vyvanse to be 👌 is to go to therapy, a key part he's missing. CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy) works great for a lot of ADHDers. Check out "How to ADHD" channel on youtube, she talks about it.
“Meth” 👁👄👁 sir what
I find the combination of ADHD focused therapy plus the *right med* if needed is the best course of action ... now if only either were accessable in the first place -cries in american health care system-
Man, adhd sucks honestly. I’m not like hyperactive, but inattentive like he is. I took some Ritalin, and it gave me the most HORRENDOUS headaches. The medication did help me focus on things, though. However, the headaches were SO BAD, I couldn’t think about anything but the headache. So basically, the medicine just… gave me a headache. I stopped taking it, without the meds im actually better than when I use them.
man i love this guys videos
0:10 u need to know *cow starts dancing
Justice for compy.
Vyvanse made me fixate on thoughts, but also helped the anxiety on those thoughts, so it made me super unproductive...Adderall gives me the boost to be proactive on adjusting my environment for productivity, so it works very well for me. Both of them sorta "quiet the static in my head" where the thoughts are clearer and more streamlined, so it's easier to control my train of thought.  When I was first medicated, my doctor prescribed me Focalin, and this was an absolute nightmare. My impulsivity control was somehow MUCH worse, and I definitely experienced a lot of paranoia, causing me to make SO MANY questionable decisions for my life. The worst part is that, because it also cleared the static, I had no clue how detrimental it was for my mental health. I thought it was helping because I could focus better, but had no clue how it affected my psychological state. I'd be really interested in hearing other people's experiences with Focalin tbh
I have ADD, and it's always bizarre seeing ppl with add or adhd explain it, because I can't imagine living without those symptoms, does that make sense?
I take methylphenidate (totally didn’t have to look at the bottle to spell it)- and it works great! It’s pretty easy to focus, and I usually get on task pretty quickly, however, everyone’s different so it might not work for you, lol, love the vids btw!
Sandwich
Andy, I know you disclaimed and were just quoting a friend, but Adderall is not meth. 😭
We did it boys someone finally make a visual representation of how adhd brain cell do for all the neurotypical
This is sooo relatable. Love the editing and great comedic timing
Always believed that ADHD was big pharma speak for "yeah the internet and modern technology is just too much stimulation for monkeybrains, but at least we can make money off it".  Bet you'd be 100% fine if you just got dropped in the 1400s on the farms.
Problem with vyvanse/Elvanse is that the side effects get really weird after constant use. I was sweating constantly and my memory stopped working and sadly it has not started working again even after a year of being med free. And vyvanse is more like meth but a diet version also really hard to eat food on
ADHD basically goes and does whatever it wants. I check my email about 70 times a class period that i'm bored in.
I personally don't like meds fir adhd so I font take up some ppl need them
I was diagnosed and medicated at the age of 5, took adderall for over 20 years and at the end I was abusing them to the point I now have some brain damage. I haven’t taken them since October last year, went into sober living and all that good stuff and despite me being severely ADHD, life is better without those pills. It’s just a clean version of meth anyway.
i love your silly little animations
another thing with vivance is it takes away your appetite. i took it in like 4-6 grade and i would be SO hungry the whole day. but when the meds finally hit it absolutely drained my & especially my appetite. like, i didn’t eat ANYTHING. this led to my teachers making fun of me/ telling me that i was “too picky” 24/7 and made those years of school an absolute nightmare. i’m doing ok now, but i cant focus anymore lol 🥲
I also have ADHD and I'm focusing on a million different videos to make at the same time, I think I might have to take my meds
i had the same experience
I was on adderall for my ADHD when I was in high school and middle school, my experience was very similar to his. Like wow if I thought about how unorganized anything was I organized it to a T. Size, color, season, year, texture, you name it and I had it organized however my meds wanted it done. I couldn't really focus on lectures at school but boy howdy could organize feathers, clothes, and coins lol.
new vid w
The music you played during your sponsor read literally spiked my heartrate. It was as if some ancient memory, some past trauma, told me that this music signifies that I must pump every ounce of adrenaline into my veins or risk death. My hands are literally shaking right now. You did this.
No no no, Polska coraz bardziej sławna
I know you said the dose you were on was really low, but... 5mg isn't... Low?
I mean... who could resist dancing polish cow!
you should try ridiline for a few years i went through the prosses of finding what worked for me and the only problem was a very small lack of appetite but you should maybe look into it
Is that dancing cow video available separately? Asking for a friend :P
Same hat! I’ve been on adderall since early 2021. Half the battle is meds, the other half is re-training your brain. Your brain has gone it’s whole life not practicing sticking to things, so your neurons have gotten hard wired that way. I think of training my brain like training a dog. Be consistent (lol I know that sounds impossible, but you can get help from an accountability partner for that) Give yourself treats when you make even a little progress, and be kind to yourself when you make mistakes. It takes a while to get to ‘functioning adult level’ even with meds. You have to mindfully practice sticking to stuff.  Try problem solving when you have a mental block about a task. Ask yourself ‘why am I avoiding this task?’ If it’s boring, play music. If you think it’s gonna take forever, time yourself like it’s a race. You were able to do the chores and stuff, but not sit down and do work. That’s because the stakes behind chores are low. Work has higher stakes, and so to avoid the anxiety or pressure, you procrastinate because it’s a learned coping mechanism. You still have ADHD when you’re taking medication, so stuff like hyperfocusing on the wrong thing can still happen while on them, and that’s normal. You just have to learn how to catch yourself, or ask someone to help you keep from getting sucked into rabbit holes. You were so close when you said you just need to build your habits! It took me a year and a half to build a morning routine after getting on meds. And on average it takes people about two months, but up to over 200 days to fully form a habit. You also shouldn’t try to form too many habits at once because then they won’t stick as well. Also, that yucky feeling you got might be from having too high of a dose, which can happen if you’re not taking the meds at the same time every day, and accidentally overlapping. Also, are you drinking coffee or energy drinks with it? If so, stop that. I’ve never taken Vyvanse before, but I have a friend (who is also an animator!) who takes it and it works for them. Everyone’s body reacts differently. You’d probably be fine getting back on adderall and just working on some CBT (Cognitive behavioral therapy) There are also ADHD life coaches you can hire specifically for this.
watching this video while i stare at my adderall pill bottle I forgot to take this morning
Insightful indeed! Weed tends to help me, but that's mostly with depression symptoms rather than ADHD. I am more productive if I feel good though, so it certainly helps that way. If you look into treating anything this way, you'll wanna try a bunch of different strains and methods of consumption to narrow down what helps most, but it's very worth it given I have never dealt with side effects to any noticeable degree. It's honestly surreal to be smoking like a chimey most days and feel no reduced capacity to run, hike and bike at high altitude.
Got diagnosed todayyy!! :D
I went through so many medications… so many….
Anyone else literally have infinite energy? 😂 also forgetting existence is amazing. I take focalin xr, it’s non addictive and non zippy, also it’s extended release you can use goodrx for a massive discount 😊❤ you’re not bad at relationships, the person is just ableist. Part of your brain literally doesn’t work right. You’re doing amazing, you made it so far 😊 lists and timers help with diverting your hyper focus
I am a ADHDer and I take Vyvanse and I had the same experience with Vyvanse at 6:26 , with Vyvanse you have to eat before you take Vyvanse or eat a lot after it wears off.
what i think i have fucking adhd
thank you for stopping people from letting people listen to a song about the droogs
Vyanse is so weird. Theres no sensation you can just kinda do shit and randomly b able to focus
i have been taking meds for about 10 years for adhd
personally, I've been on concerta for almost 3 years and it's worked wonders. I'm able to focus better, I'm able to be productive. it's the first medication I tried for adhd, and it does wonders. of course medication isn't for everyone, but I suggest giving it a try before completely giving up on the idea!
Thank you for sharing your journey with this! I've been trying to figure out the same things for myself and I've been a bit nervous about starting any kind of medication because of the things you described, so this was really informative and helpful. I'd love to see more of your journey with this in the future!
This is basically exactly what my experience with adhd meds was 😆
ADHD is
I really appreciate this video and find it incredibly relatable cuz I have ADHD and I’m still in Highschool, I take meds and it was a huge decision amongst my parents and tbh although My symptoms still shine through my meds help a whole lot
I love the animal crossing sound effects
Dancing cow meme
Hey guys I think i just found out why his vids take so long to come out (even if they are the greatest of yt animation of today and it doesn’t bother me)
Ya vivance made me super angry adderall was just too much and I haven’t gotten to try concerta yet
Nobody wants to talk about ADD.  That's where you go into the bathroom, and forget what you went there for.  ADD, Attention Defecate Disorder.
Are we gonna ignore the polish cow song? The one he played at the beginning of the video? The one about drugs, addiction, and cocaine?
Song
I had a similar experience on meds. I take Adderall and it helped me in some areas and not in others. Like I’m oh so focused on learning tasks or studying, but I have 0 initiative to do things like cleaning (so like the opposite lmao). I’m also so focused in conversations, but I can never remember what someone has told me or what I told them. I’ve just had to make changes in my life, like writing down things to remember or lists of tasks I need to get done and forcing myself to do it. I had some shitty symptoms and I waited far longer than I should to tell my doctor. It ended up being a chronic illness I never knew I had because the meds made my symptoms way worse, but turns out my symptoms are just the same whether I’m on the medication or not (if not worse when I’m off)! Sucks ass…
And ready to go on a shooting rampage!
When I started on Vyvanse my doc put me at the max dose of like 75mg because "most people end up there" and I was like "ok 🤪" then I took my first dose and sat on the couch to watch TV. Then about 3 hours later I kind of "came to" and realized I had been staring at the off screen with my finger on the remote without ever turning it on. So we decided to try a much lower dose. Eventually I became a jittery zombie and would have times where I was driving home and then all the sudden just be there with no memory. I also essentially only ate 1 time a day if I remembered to
I take ritalin and it makes me just so focused like I'm wearing blinders(the things horses wear) but I can't eat for most of the day, I know I should but I can't bring myself to it and I kinda bite and m teeth start to hurt a little. Ohh and if you say you took ritalin when you get drafted chances are very high that they tell you politely to fuck off, happend to me when I wanted to go to the Bundeswehr
For people who are new to Vyvanse remember to eat if you don't you will shake like crazy and you'll be nauseous. Please stay safe and only take your medicine as prescribed.
30yo ADHD guy here. Some advice - find a profession or exercise routine that exhausts your body. When your body is tested the mind becomes clear, in my experience anyway. I do a lot of personal creative work, but my corporate job was tearing my soul apart because I would stagnate over all my very boring tasks. I never had mental power left for my own projects.  Switching to a physical profession allows you to destroy your idle thoughts and unproductive tangents. It’s much easier to gamify.  Good luck y’all.
Bro ADHD is basically focus-unfocus-focus-unfocus on repeat for your entire life
Too late I unsubscribed
As someone with ADHD it's hard to socialize cause I will forget things and get distracted, and plus the other disorders I have that popped up showing I have OCD and Autism Spectrum Disorder. In some schools they have paras to help you get stuff done, but it seems like there is no help for support for people who are being ignored by people who look past people with EIP's. I've heard so many insults to the small bus that some special needs kids go on and I felt so bad.
Methylphenidate 💪💪💪
Hi like if you have ADHD
SHUUP
If you have any problems, I use dextroampheter! It’s a good mix between adderal and vivance, it take less time to kick in, but focuses you like vivance. I also have used vivance and adderal, both made me feel crappy, so this is what I do now!
YES YES YES YOU GET ME
Do face reveal please I am begging you
I remember taking VIvance as a kid, bit it wasn't for ADHD. It went really south fast
I just got my adhd medication this month that crazy
Wait, Concerta is prescribed for adhd? I've been taking it for 2 and a half years now for narcolepsy.
I think that you were okay with suddenly not taking the Vyvanse because of the way it works. I'm a 16 year old with diagnosed ADHD inactive and I've been taking Vyvanse for a while and this was something my psychiatrist had explained to me is that Vyvanse only has  a 12 hour half life meaning that it's easy for the it to wear off in that time of productivity. So I think you were fine because your body didn't feel hooked onto it like other medications  I'm not any doctor however that was how it was explained to me
Living with ADHD is a curse. Hate it
I can relate to this a lot! I've been on Adderall for a while, and I somewhat recently realized it helped me with physical tasks, especially driving (there’s a noticeable difference with and without the pill 😅). But it did little when it came to my focus. And it really sucks bc people with ADHD are not stupid or lazy. If there's a subject I really like, no matter the difficulty, I can excel at it, but if it's boring and uninteresting, I zone out. And when I told my doctor about it, he up my dosage, but the prescription caused me to be irrationally aggravated, and I had to change pills altogether. He then prescribed Vyvanse, but the co-pay is $350, so I'm on Ritalin at the moment. It makes me more anxious, but it helps me focus so 🤷‍♂️
ADHD is a double edged sword
Hehe. Cow.
This video is 7# on trending
As someone that was diagnosed at a younger age and medicated at the time, I’m glad I chose to stop after a couple of years.  It allowed me to gain the skills to manage my ADHD (and ADD back when they were separate) and utilize them for my benefit. Im not perfect, but it’s like turning a curse to a miracle. It wasn’t easy but I was determined not to be held back by a brain that was hyperactive.
When I took adhd medication. I don't remember what it was since I was much younger. I was so exhausted and tired I literally fell asleep standing up. Not only that but If i even treid to eat food or smelled it I would gag to a point where I would almost throw up. Then i got depressed and after like 6 months I stopped taking it. Don't really think I have any more symptoms of adhd anymore. But even to this day it is hard for me to try and eat.
my boyfriends friend has adhd and was medicated on adderall. when said friend took their medication, they became a shell of themself and would be quiet, aggitated, and cold towards people. He stopped taking the medication due to how it made him behave and feel. I dont need to take meds because I have mild adhd, but I have issues focusing on tasks, time management, reading textbooks, etc. Focus is my biggest issue but I've done so well in school that I've been told there's no need for me to be medicated. How the medication can make people feel and think scares me so I guess I'm happy that I don't need it.
In true adhd fashion it took me...several sessions of putting this video on to actually finish it. Loved it btw 💖
I've taken Vivance in various doses (to adjust with age) for as long as I can remember, and describing what Vivance did was a near-perfect match for what I do sometimes: Way overfocus on something to the point that it may look like obsession from the outside. I even get that shortness of breath, maybe once a day at ~3 hours after take my med.  It does miss the mark a tad on physically getting up an doing something like how the Adderall experience is described, but I've thankfully never had any real problems with Vivance.
Don’t use that video off the dancing cow in the start off the video, he is singing about “deading” himself.
I have found that body doubling has got to be the most effective way to do things for me without getting as harmfully distracted. However, that person needs to actually be somewhat helpful for the task at hand.  Some people have the impression at medication magically fixes everything, it doesn't work like that for most people though, it usually just reduces some of the symptoms of ADHD and the exact symptoms it helps and the strength of the help varies person to person. I found a good way to reduce the side effects of my medication for me was to sometimes have "cool down" days which I don't take it on and I'll just commit to not being committed. I will usually take vitamins on those days to help quickly restore my energy. I personally don't get withdrawal symptoms for basically any stimulate I have ever tried so my technique won't work for everyone, but it's what I do at least.
Great explanation of your experience! I used Concerta for 19 months, loved it, stopped for $$$ reasons, can't wait to ask for Vyvanse. I used it for one month and it was so great for me! Being off medication currently is so another eye-opening experience for me. Here's why: Taking meds will not change your habits, it helps you change them. Having a routine helps a lot, and it's hard to create one without them. You are not lazy, you just have low dopamine. Eat plenty of protein and PRIORITIZE SLEEP. Days where my sleep is great are easier to focus. 6 or less hours of sleep, I'm useless.
#7 on trending, nice.
Since I have ADHD, it is so accurate
oh my god i have the exact same "I need to be already doing the Task when the meds kick in, otherwise i'll be hyperfocused on researching an obscure anime from 1997 for twelve hours" except i take adderall. Never once have i thought that maybe this means the meds aren't actually working? @IceCreamSandwich Have you found adhd meds that work for you? Or any methods/tips that help you with that issue? pls share >_>
Why is this video so quiet?
this is the only animation channel that stil gets me laughing to this day
ADHD Meds have been working for ME personally but anything other than a stimulant they have to keep increasing the dosage for (which is not fun) and stimulants for me have been causing tics (the urge to make a random noise every couple of minutes or when doing a certain task) and because it's a stimulant whenever I'm off the medicine for a variety of possible reasons I feel extremely tired So I've been doing therapy so I can function without it (If caffeine helps you focus but you're also taking a stimulant it will probably not work and Just make you more fidgety)
Honestly Thank you! I've been really struggling thinking I needed meds to fix my ADHD. (I can't afford it) But I've made it this far in life without it. I'll just be productive at my own pace and keep trying.
My adhd made me miss my adhd health appointment to test for adhd. Go figure. Now I have to ring up and try again
I’ve been taking clonidine and concerta during my time in school to help focus and they helped out a lot. i think you should try out concerta to see if that’s the right pills for you.
Ever since when it was diagnosed for me in 2nd grade I took ADHD medication. I am now in 11th grade and have gone through lots of different brands/types of medication and they have all worked great for me because whenever I had any bad side effects, my doctor would just prescribe me something else and it really has made my life. The way you explained how ADHD actually is is incredibly accurate. Without medication I wouldn't be in the (pretty good) school that I'm in rn. If you get that diagnose or any similar one - USE IT! And definitely tell your doctor if something isn't right about the effect because they will know what to do. It really helped me alot in my life and I will always recommend taking medication for that.
After I was diagnosed, they had to increase the milligrams because the medication had 0 effects on my ho ho green giant body. The highest they had to go was 1345 milligrams, and that was just to get through high school. Even then, I barely felt any difference.
If you or anyone watching this video struggles with ADHD or symptoms commonly related to ADHD check out the how to adhd channel. The lady who runs it is great and she has tons of tools and helpful information on the subject, She had ADHD too and more to the point of why you need to check her out: there are ways to help manage your symptoms without medication and even if you do take medication these self-help tools can be useful. She's great at explaining it all, actually did her research and very non-judgemental.
Ice cream sandwich is awesome
yoo this is all interesting! I hope the next treatment option you try out treats you way better  I'll keep the Vyvanse vs. Adderall experience in mind, I also have ✨Symptoms✨ & a big part of it is that I'm struggling to focus both at my job (computer-based) & making art (also a sedentary Focus task)
Bro! This is such good content. As soon as I saw my first ICS video, I was immediately hooked by his humor and delivery! I did the dumbest thing any fan of an animated would do and binged everything he has put out.
The thing with ADHD is that I’m pretty bad at math with it.
Is it just me or is the viedo kind of quiet?
I have ADHD and my experience with medication very polish cow.
Where are y’all getting medication? Everything is out of stock here for months .  Nyc
I think I should get tested for ADHD
I paused and turned back to close my curtains and saw this when I turned back. https://youtu.be/oavSiNIUJO0?t=16
This made me so happy, that someone was able to sit down and explain all my challenges.This low key made me want to cry so thanks
I got diagnosed in my early twenties and Adderall has worked for me, for the most part. I always describe it as the medication lowers the bar/threshold for the effort I have to use to complete tasks. It doesn't remove it but it makes it way easier to do anything at all. It also keeps me awake and alert during the day, which is extra helpful because without it I am sluggish and fatigued even if I haven't done anything. It hasn't solved everything but there's no one solution that fits every person so I'm still working out the kinks, lol.
People really need to know about ~Pharmacists~. They know WAY more then your doctor does about EVERY medication, and can give you advice if you just ask them.   Like seriously, just call your pharmacist. Nobody thinks to use them, but they’re incredibly helpful.
Crazy how this video came out on the same exact day I got prescribed adderall lmao
Hey I just switched from adderall to vyvanse a couple days ago! I like it a lot better so far, hopefully I don't get similar breathing problems haha
I have ADHD too and I take meds too but it does give me anxiety but I wish the best for you
thats because you dont have adhd dude, you're almost garuenteed not to see this but NP types are this way by default, its a faulty diagnosis thats only assumed because your perceptual type (which takes up about 19% of the us population) yes you're going to be more productive on meds....they're meth, so reguardless if you have it its going to counteract the effect of an SE blind or polar spot. I'm not wasting my time going fully indepth right now because i doubt this will get any attention but if it does id be glad to elaborate in detail
3:19 *_I N F I N I T E K N O W L E G E_*
I have adhd to is ok because I new  when I was 8 yrs old if you need tips reply please I want to help.😊😁ok
Why is it that some videos have extremely quite volume even when i crank it to maximum volume?
I tried concerta and it helped with both getting tasks done and in general calming down my mind so I was able to plan my days out without feeling overwhelmed. but then despite drinking like 3 liters a day bc I knew it caused dry mouth I still got such awful dry mouth that the toothbrush made my gums bleed and the fact that my teeth existed made my cheeks also sensitive and swollen. Not a good time
I think i have ADHD but everyone just call me crazy, and says I just "imagine" so I never can be medicated xd
Hey i have adhd too. I started with ritalin (not good) then concerta (ok but not the right thing) but then i got elvanse. Im taking them now for years and im so glad i got them. I have focus for the right things and im not having ovmerwhelming focus. I can only recommend elvanse if your able and willing to try them. I take around 30mg of them every morning. The video was really great btw
I can relate hard. I had to take Quillivant . For my adhd I did for a few years like 2019-2021. I hated it. The beginning wasn’t easy what so ever in the middle it was alright. But at the end it wasn’t good ether. I disliked it extremely and it made me sad. But while in 2019 I had to take the pill for a while which was chewable. Hated it fully. It ruined the taste of cherry for me. But now im off my meds and there is talk amongst my grandma and mom that I should go back on. But I kinda don’t wanna- because I hate meds and stuff like that in general. I have to  Dona adhd test from my docs again and im old enough now to fill it out and im trying to ask my grandma for help but shes not telling me how. So its just stuck sitting on the desk while I don’t focus on my school work and look up videos about  silly things like “ Shia Leboeuf” live.
It took me 6 hours to complete this video
I would say from my experience with adhd and medication is that you can’t just rely on the medication fixing you, you also need to acknowledge the fact that you can’t focus on things and change your habits to overcome the urge your adhd brain gives you
My meds made me psychotic!!! 🤩
Hi! As someone that had ADHD throughout my entire childhood I can relate to this video. At the age of eight I started taking Vyvanse. Vyvanse is also supposed to be a medication for people trying to loose weight, as well as focus. So in the early 2000's lil ole me taking it, I wasn't aware how bad it can effect you at a very young age. I took it all the way up to highschool. Where I stopped due to not eating. Because the medication made me feel like I didn't want to eat, I just focused. I went to the ER twice due to passing out and having convulsions. After being off medication after a few years it's been better. But it makes you a completely different person so please be wise for anyone who takes medication and do some homework on it.
relatlbe!!!
I would suggest you try to also meditate. Because its a task you can learn (a bit). You would try to focus on something boring like a stone or an imaginaty light inside you. If you realise you started thinking about something else and you realize. Just come back to the focus point.
Polish culture is everywhere ☺️
100% accurate, but seems like we are funny as fck most of the time. Glad you found something creative and productive in doing these videos. -liked and subscribed. stay tight and healthy :D
Interesting. I've been on concerta for about 15 years, Honestly really happy with it.
I was bad behaving child in elementary school and ended up being diagnosed with ADHD.  So I ended up taking Concerta, I  haven’t taken a pill since 6th grade and I’m fine. I still have symptoms, but I just got used to them.
This was very fun to watch, I've struggled with ADHD my entire life (as most ADHD people do ;p). I remember being on medication for ADHD, although I don't remember what they're called because I was like 12 when I stop taking it and I really never cared because my mom was always "TAKE THIS NOW" and my poop brain was like "Okay! ;D", it had a major toll on me growing up because I started taking it at a very young age, around 5 or 6 I believe, yes it helped me a lot to focus when I needed too but it also had a lot of other side effects. When I would take it, I would completely lose my appetite and this would affect my weight gain until I would have stopped taking it when I was 12 I weight at most 90 pounds, and as soon as I stop taking it, I gained around 30 pounds. A lot of people don't understand that this medicine doesn't just make you calm down and focus, it has a lot of side effects that come with it and can be different for everyone. I'm 24 now, so I've been off of it for over half my life and I'm glad to be off of it because I remember being on it, I would sometimes just become a zombie and have no emotions, or I said I'd lose my appetite. ADHD is a real struggle, but I've learned to live with it every day and try to control it, I don't need medicine to do that for me.  Idk why I wrote this, I felt like I had to? idk... potatoes.
1:08 as a man who has adhd, i can confirm that this happens
Im on vhyvsnse used to be on biphinton
Indulge your spaceflight interest with Kerbal Space Program.
hey do have a link to the space video :0
just started off the video and fun fact that you probably know already: the polish cow song is about cocaine addiction :) it's still fun to concder it silly imo ( it is a bop )
Meds without specialized therapy means you still have bad habits and poor skills, you can't just band-aid the situation. That's unfortunate that your doctor didn't help with that.
as a polish representative all i wanted to say is : POLSKA GUROM
i have ADHD my self and all of this is such a PERFECT description of it!!!
Tylko jedno w głowie maaaam Koksu pięć graam
i have ADD and autism, shit is rough in these streets
It's ironic that this was posted the same day I started taking ADHD meds being oddly enough Vyvanse
I identified with these symptoms mad heavy and feel terrible forgetting and overthinking so much.  complaints aside gonna get tested soon love this thank you for making vids!
I have ADHD and I’ve been medicated for a few years now, and I can say that for me it feels exactly like how you described the effects of the second medication, I’m working on a bachelors degree in animation and I feel that I will focus on one task for the entire day however when my class changes I feel obligated to change what I’m doing to fit the current subject and then start focusing on that for the rest of the day, the only downside is I forget to take breaks and I am extremely awkward when people come over to talk to me
+1sub, god damn this is accurate as someone who was diagnosed 😅
This is exactly what adhd is like, I’m still trying different meds and doses and nothing has worked but I’m gonna talk to my psychiatrist soon !!!!
Polish classic ❤️
Thank you for reminding me to unsubscribe!
2:09 I’m on Medikinet
What he said about not stopping your meds suddenly or without your doctor’s advice is very true. You should absolutely not stop any medication cold turkey, especially neuro meds. Reactions to this vary between persons and medication, but regardless, he was really lucky nothing happened. Look up titration, and you’ll understand why this is important. The brain is amazing and fragile
My ma has adhd
The song at the beging is polish so its SO famouse in Poland XD,
I have the same problem and I explained it exactly the same
This is a reminder that I should be taking my meds but am refusing because purely because of my own stubbornness
coffe is my miracle med
what meme is that at the start
Bih me too 😩
Am I the only person who loses their appetite when they take ADHD meds? Maybe I’m just crazy
I have been on ADHD meds for 6 years
man i still love every video you make, nothing else gets me cracked up like your stupid jokes
as an adhd person, everything from my Brain happens at RANDOM, sometimes i just cant bother with anything at all and just sit on my pc doin nothing,  *and then another day comes around and for no reason i can either remember or understand it turns into: "I Can now wrap my head around the Visual Aspect and Comprehension of Non Euclidian Spaces"*  this gets worse when i forget to take my medication for a week *im currently on week 5, new batches are coming soon*
I was diagnosed with Depression & Anxiety wayyy before my ADHD, never medicated but my doctor put me on Wellbutrin to see if my Depression & Anxiety would help diulte my ADHD, surprisingly it did. I know am like 50% less likely to be zanzy with ADHD symptoms when my depression & anxiety are gone on the meds. It's really useful at work when I can just zone out & focus on tasks I could of never did... mental health is weird how they all tie together lol
The video is really quiet compared to average volume on most youtube videos.  Ik I can just "turn the volume up" but when I click on any other video it's gonna be way too loud and I'm gonna have to turn it down which is just unnecessary, it'd be better if it was close to the standard. That's just criticism, so stfu people who defend every single tiny flaw because that's just annoying and bad for the youtubers you defend as most of them want to improve their videos instead of being gaslighted into thinking everything they do is perfect.
You are the ONLY channel that I will sit through a sponsor ad for
I definitely had to find the right meds for me to be focused yet still able to handle multiple things at once. You actually had eveko in your list and it has been the right fit for me for quite a while. I attempted a switch back like 2 years ago to see how effective something else would be and it was worse. Talking to your doctor and seeing what options are available might lead you to still feel like yourself and be focused.
I used to take Vyvanse in high school alongside a medication called Intinuv XR. I had to take the Vyvanse in the morning and the Intinuv at night, but there were two or three instances where I accidentally took my Intinuv in the morning instead of my Vyvanse and had to stay home from school. Reason being is that Intuniv lowers your blood pressure (it's meant to help you sleep) so a double dose made me really weary and all I could do was sleep it off
does the cow video that was shown in the beginning actually exist? im intrigued
do ritalin its the best i know
YAY TEAM CONCERTA!!! Take this Bitches!!! LSD IN A LEGAL PILL
Ok, but does anyone have a link to that banger cow video?
yes let’s go another upload! although this topic is more serious than others.
Also went on meds. I was young (around 10) so I don't remember much but I remember some of the side effects.   First one was dry skin, and I mean dry. My lips would crack and my hands would peel much like when you put glue on them and they dry. Being young I didn't have time to lotion up each day or remember.   Second meds made me bloated. Lost a lot of weight in the two months I was on it and was taken off them pretty fast. Just didn't eat lunch and barely ate breakfast.   Last medication....I don't remember. Which says something because my parents said I was like a whole different person. I was better in terms of attention and memory. But I just wasn't the same. I have no memory of my time on those meds. They noticed it when they asked me if I wanted to go play out in the rain (something I love to do). I apparently made a face and said "eww why would I do that?". Which tipped them off.   I haven't been on meds since and just learnt ways to help myself, with help from my family and doctors. I still have problems with memory and focusing but it's gotten better as I've grown up.
Ok...I was in the middle of typing out a story explaining my experience a little bit when my browser crashed, and I really don't feel like doing it again so I'm just gonna say this. There's a DNA test that tells you what medications would be best for you based on your genes. It worked for me...after years of trial and error with my medicine-resistant depression. I would suggest giving that a shot. I really hope you find the right one for you.
I spent playing Mario on my calculator and had to retake my ACT because I scored so poorly on the math portion I lost track of time and idk by the time we had like 30 mins left I realized my little Mario break was not so brief as I thought 😅. Worse is when I was in college and I would be researching something and go on an internet wormhole of research that I would then have to spend all night writing my papers because I spent hours researching only to use like 20 percent of my findings on my paper 😅
I got back in contact with a friend of mine (we were friends for like, 5 years or so beforehand) and told her my therapist recommended that I get screened for ADHD. Her first reaction to this was "You're not diagnosed?? I've known you had it since I first met you!!"  And now I'm kinda starting to think there's a possibility I've got it and should probably get a test
Great video! I unsucribed!
The way he explains adhd is literally absolutely correct and I know cuz I also have adhd
Dude I love you and your channel so much and yes this is on point with adhd man. Like so far I’ve been through Ritalin, Concerta, and now I’m on Vyvanse, and I feel like I go through the same gamble of being super productive some days and then super locked into nothing stuff other days! Ugh! Oh and the “I almost dropped my phone” bit really cracked me up
yeah.
I take both straterra and ritalin. You should consider trying both stimulant and nonstimulant medications, its what's worked for me and many others. Ritalin at too high of a dose gives me heart palpitations but I can take it with little issue at 10 mg while still having the positivie effects. The nonstimulant med meanwhile helps with regulation/consistency.
Bro made Polish cow alive again
Haha, cow.
Bro there's so much I wanna say but since this is the YouTube comment section I'ma simply say to not rule out meditation. Due to the ADHD it will be EXTREMELY difficult at the beginning, but with discipline and time it actually becomes one of the dopest tools ever.🙏🏽
RIP Compy
I was prescribed vyvanse around 5 years ago and to say that he’s right about too much focus would be an understatement but ADHD is about learning moderation, it’s half the battle to have control of the present. controlling your future through routines and good habits is the biggest issue most people with adhd face and there’s no cookie cutter solution you have to find your balance while also looking ahead, goals help! Little and big, they are what should drive you from where you are to where you wanna be
I have ADHD and pretty severe, this only my experience but Vyvanse sucked for me. It was supposed to keep me focused but it didn’t work, all it did was make me feel nauseous and not want to eat. Of course this shouldn’t keep anyone from wanted to try using it, but make sure to talk to a doctor and research how much it’s side affects might effect you. Vyvanse also doesn’t pair well with mood disorders as the medication can cause, extreme irritation and agitation, again, make sure to always talk to your doctor to see if a medication is right for you.
Its crazy... everyone somehow everyone im school who struggles has ADHD thst america no longer has a supply of adderall
coming to the comments to say I immediately dropped a like at the part where the doc asks about covid because that seems to be the doctor experience now lmaooooooo , like "covid? .. no... "oh, welp dunno champ good luck thatll be $150"
I think my dad takes Vyvanse and swears by it but I don't take anything.  From my unmedicated experience the best thing you can do it set up you environment to work for you. Try some different things and remember that just because some thing works for "everybody" doesnt mean it *has* to work for you.  Something I found that helps a lot is thinking of your brain not like a fish on a line that you have to pull it in with all your might but like a horse on a lead you gently nudge to the right direction. The horse can still say "forget you! I just want to watch youtube all day!" but if you loosen your grip and say "Ok what about youtube about x thing you need to work on?" and then you see it and you want to work on it. Idk if that make any sense but that's how i try and do it.
That “why wonder when we can find out!” is the core of my entire being
The description of "just the ability to be able to" is genuinely relatable to me even though I don't have ADHD. My struggles with depression and anxiety have had me feeling very much either (1) glued to the floor or (2) so many thoughts I don't know where to begin, all with an undercurrent of "it'll never be good enough anyway." Seeking that Ability To Be Able To is still a work in progress for me but I have found a good combo of meds and, coincidentally? maybe? I've gotten a job and moved out! Man....
i have symptoms of ADHD but when i was tested it was negative
I got prescribed Vyvanse to help with my ADHD. First time I took it I was supposed to be writing a paper for my English class, but instead I wrote an entire slide show on how I would beat a velociraptor in a 1v1 fight to the death and I never got the paper done lmao. I think I made the right choice by making the velociraptor death fight slide tho, definitely my finest work.
This is exactly what I experience! Meds always seem to help at first but either stop working or work in a way that is somehow worse. 😂
No way this man just posted this when I just started my adhd medicine
Holy shit how did you visualize the exact way it is in my brain. Are you in there?
How did you know I was watching polish dancing cow at 4 am right before this video?
But funky dancing cow...
The funniest thing about adhd is that I also don't know how my meds affect me, I legit have to ask others who interact with me if theres a difference   Probably also autism brain but what do I know anyhow
ice cream sandwich!
Totally relate to this. CBT + meds work for me generally but everyone I know has responded differently to different medication. It really is trial and error.
Vyvanse was weird for me, it made me really mad.
I was on meds for a while but they didn't really help and they made me really really tired so i just stopped taking them
this thing with "doing the dishes but still cant focus" hits right - same problem here  you gotta reprogramm your brain my brain wants me to chill and not waste any brain energy - so whenever it says NO, i really gotta do this  also write to do lists for today - doing the dishes should be done a day before taking meds so you can focus
I have crazy ADHD and I’ve tried everything and found out that caffeine works best for me. So instead of 3 voices talking in my head, its 3 voices yelling in my head. So thoughts are easier to tell apart.   Its different for everyone tho :)
Wait a minute, I take Vyvanse too. In fact, I'm on it right now. But what do you mean you can't just stop taking it? I went off it for a solid year and a half (which my doctor said was fine) because of insurance changes and itbeing way too expensive. What could happen from just stopping it?
I stoped taking an inhaler once, the doc forgot to tell me there was steroids in it. Ensue weeks of hallucinations and abstinence seizures.
I take one called medidate. It’s weird. It’s kinda like the one you described where you lock into focus and can’t come out unless acted on by an external force (family or friend or just sheer unbridled willpower) but it’s….. weird. See every once in awhile your brain just pops and completely refocuses entirely and if you work with it a bit you can refocus your brain onto what needs to be done. It’s like on odd moment of clarity or a viscous slap of distraction if you are already doing something you need to be doing. Either way. I learned to work with it. Though to be clear I also have anxiety depression and autism sooooo it might just be one of those reacting unexpectedly and being all screwy
The meds drown out alot of the chaos in my head
so you're saying that the cat isn't dancing?
I’ve started to become self aware of when I’m getting distracted with adhd and can control it better. Still not perfect but getting there without meds
Ice cream sandwich makes me laugh out loud every video he’s so good at making detailed but also funny videos
Ever so slightly concerned at how much i relate to everything said here...        I should probably look into that....
I once spent 3 hours on ritalin watching fusion energy production documentary's
Lmao I take both Vyvanse and Adderal   ALSO GOSH YOU PUT THE ISSUES I'VE HAD ON THESE MEDICATIONS INTO WORDS OML
JUSTICE FOR COMPYYY!!!! :(
I take striptera
How is getting a drivers license with ADHD?  Super hard/ impossible/ ...? im just curious
my man just explained me…
Loved the video, when I was in middle school and high school, ADHD effected me, then had some meds, then didn’t, but either way for someone who doesn’t have ADHD, people with ADHD are in a world. It’s different
i have ADHD (maybe)
Yay, let's put people on drugs for a made up illness 🥳
I basically had the same experience. Ritalin worked for me. I was way more productive and could focus. But it ruined my mood and made my depression stronger. Didn't want it to be true as they were helping me to focus so I denied any negative symptoms until I could only focus on my depression ':D
I was diagnosed SUUPER late, and I'm very glad that I already either figured out a workaround or simply survived everything from birth to 30 without this knowledge because knowing I have ADHD was never a crutch: I just did what I had to do, even if I sucked at it. Now that I know, I have a much better understanding about *how* to figure out my workaround. I'm also working with a doctor of functional medicine to deal with the stuff that is physically contributing to how severe my adhd symptoms are. Picture a computer with a lot of dust inside it and which overheats, even though the fan is running, because the accumulative dust is trapping more heat and the computer was already performing on the high end of it's operating temperatures. I won't go into more detail here, but it's really helped! Subtly, but just like... my executive function has improved dramatically. My dopamine "MPGs" are noticably higher, too. I don't *feel* better, I just *do* more... like a standard healthy brain would. It's a wild ride.
I have adhd and i take vitalins and i am AB SO LUT LEE Fine
i have adhd. i stopped taking meds too, and switched to running 3 times a week. and it worked like magic. i can finally focus on the things that are important and just function !
I tried Ritalin, Qelbree, and Adderal. Stims don't seem to do anything at all until I hit 20 mg adderal, which may have done a tiny thing, but I got pounding headaches the moment they wore off. Qelbree gave me insomnia and exhaustion at the same time, I started waking up in the middle of the night more and more, and I could barely think through the brain fuzz. I ghosted my psychiatrist and haven't tried anything since. (don't do this).
YOU POSTED THE FIRST VID 2 MoNtHs AGO
I watched your video but all i remember is the dancing ploish cow and meds    I just have ADD(i dunno if this is the correct english term, in grrmany its called ADS)  and was diagnosed in 2nd grade and got  ✨medikinet✨ these funny looking purple/ white/ even purpule white pills are kinda helping me to focus but the problem is that during the affects i have a need to do like important stuff and get things done even tbough i'm allready doing stuff thats important (i allways described this as the urge you sometimes get at 3am do be effective but for 5 hours or so)
I had the same reaction to Vivance. I’ve been taking adhd meds and switching though then for years until there was nothing else to try. But then I found wee- Want a break from the ads?
Ok, so, I did take some medication for some time too (medikinet, if it rings a bell for anyone) but I had quite the same experience as what you had with the second drug you tried. Too much focus and heavy backlash afterwards (though it was heavy fatigue and weakness, to the point where I had shaky legs every day after work) so, I stopped that.  That's also when I found out, and that might sound stupid, that coffee had the exact same effect on me, but in a much more manageable way. The hyperfocussing effect is lowered and the fatigue diminished.   Talked about it to my doctor and he said it was believable that it could be a thing.   Now, I try to limit my consumption because the effects will wear out over time, the window of effectiveness has lowered from about 6 hours to about 3 or 4 after a few years now but it helps me and maybe it could help you too :)
I take focalin, which helps with inattentive ness, but suppresses my appetite as a side effect. So if I start feeling hungry in the first 3 hours of the day, I know something’s wrong 😅
me at 8: its funny, my thoughts are like cars on a highway and theyre so fast i cant think properly! silly me!  Me now: _so, im on the middle of the fucking highway now-_
i hate and love having adhd, cause it's literally a Russian roulette, you can have a day that you look through it and think: "wow, that was an experience* but then there's other days where you look to it, and you think: "what the fuck"
I was under Concerta during 3 years, because like our good youtuber here, I really need them at the time. And it greatly helped me stop dropping from school and have the diploma that I needed! But the side effects were sooooo bad at the end that I would never touche this... thing ever again. To speak only of the physical aspect : I was under twenty years old and it gave me palpitations (like some grandpa). But the worst of the worst was the "mental" aspect : I'm a little bit more sensitive then the norm, I always were like that. But this, THIS, totally boosted every felling and emotions. I wasn't happy it made me become hysterical, I wasn't stressed it make me paranoiac and that was in the good times. I couldn't even play video games anymore, my hands were shaking so much with a little bit of excitement I couldn't use a mouse or controller.  But by far the worst thing was this... feeling. That this medication changed me. That it deconstructed what makes me "me" by playing with the chemicals in my brain. And the more time passed the more I felt it. That I was losing myself. ... But I needed this medication, my doctor and family says. So I continued.    I stopped taking it four years ago and now, after tow depression and a big load of s**t that happened in my life I'm proud that I stopped it.  Yes, perhaps my life would have been more orderly during the tow years that it took me to re-learn to be an automous individual who don't need chemicals to fonction "normally"... Yes I probably wouldn't have suffered trough tow depression under the age of twenty five.  But all those problems and the fact that I surpassed all of them myself without chemical pigibacking and with only force of will!! Make me deeply convinced today that those type of treatments are good and beneficial when used to help an individual momentary learn a new way to work or even functioning. But shouldn't be considered necessary to continue on, one the long term.  It's only my perception on this subject, principally formed after a semi romantic experiment and I know that many other people are perfectly happy with taking those types of medications in the long run, and I'm also happy that it this way for them. Because I would never wish to anybody what appended to me.   By the way, excellente video Ice-cream sandwich! 😁
I remember functioning better without Adderal than I did with it. I then began taking Dextroamphetamine (Dexedrine) which SIGNIFICANTLY and quite radically worsened my depression symptoms. I stopped taking ADHD meds after that... It is a fucking struggle... You're not alone!
U should treffen Retalin I have adhd to and they worked great for me
I have ADHD and in high school I couldn’t focus for the life of me, classes and grades were slipping past me and after trying several different stimuli and anti-depressants that only made everything worse I went back to raw dogging it and I guess the cocktail of prescription meds I had going for a few years there was enough to hit the hard reset button on my ADHD, there’s days where it’s still horrible but for the most part I can force myself to focus whenever I need to now. ADHD is a fun one because there’s no fix-all for it, every single person with it is the same but different so I’m glad I’m not the only one who’s experienced the med rollercoaster
IS THAT POLISH COW
*tryna focus on class* my brain on their way to suddently plan out the perfect armour for dark souls 2:
Ironically, I was halfway through an assignment when this video distracted me... I'm gonna go take my meds now lol
small thing to point out: adderall is actually closer to speed than meth, it's an amphetamine (d-amphetamine in adderall's case, i believe), not a methamphetamine
I hope you threat your ADHD, because an unnattended ADHD can lead to Anxiety and Depression
I take 20mg Ampfexa as my meds, for me its enought focus and enough normanl me, just a suggestion
okay shit the cow song was on my mind this entire week thanks a lot andy - the guy that was asking on twitter thether you had adhd or not thanks for sharing your experiences with us :) best regards 😊
As someone who just got some ritalin, and did look into allll these wonderful options... (ok not *all* but a lot) Adderall is just not a thing in Switzerland apparently? Vivance is also some amphetamine salts, like adderall, buuut Ritalin is an entirely different molecule (methylphenidate). There's a few other molecules from the same category on the market. They're usually less... aggressive. They're not necessarily a good time either, to be fair. Ritalin made me pretty jittery, and past some point I was getting a bit too jittery to do as many things as when I started taking it. Thank fuck I only needed it to get out of some pretty bad burnout, but it felt me like punting me into the same state as before, but differently. Like those gauges where you have to hit the middle. Both ends of the gauges are bad, just, left or right. If I were to need to take it, I would cycle it ; take until I get a bit too jittery, stop until I get too limp, and repeat. It also made me less emotionally stable, and more prone to anxiety ; which is funny, cuz I just talked to another guy with ADHD who started recently, and he said that it helped him with emotional control! I guess what I'm trying to say, don't give up on meds, but do more research on what's out there, so you can better try something actually different and find what fits you. Discussing what molecule did not fit you and how with your therapist will also help. That and also how to take meds (continually, or cycling, etc). There's lots and lots and lots of possibilities out there, and you can be strategic in how you approach them, and based on past experiences, you can actually navigate them a little. I hope you find something that fits you, whether it be meds or other adaptations (or a combination of both)!
From my experience with ADHD, I’ve been taking ADHD meds from when I was in 1st grade, and slowly upping the dosage as I got older. I never had the problems you experienced and I think I know why. Whenever I would take my medication, I didn’t feel hungry until it wore off So, instead of taking the medication EVERY SINGLE DAY I only take it on school days, and not weekends (unless I had a lot of homework I needed to finish). I think this helps a lot to keep my appetite and weight correct, because what I DON’T eat during the week I can make up for on the weekends and in Summer when I NEVER take the medication. My weight DID start to get too low at one point, but eventually I learned I just need to eat the lunch school no matter what, even if I don’t feel hungry at all. Eating a snack when I got home helps too. And the other thing is the sleep schedule. The ADHD meds that I take last for 8hrs, and I take it at 7am in the morning and am able to get to sleep just fine. If your having trouble sleeping you just need to take the medication earlier or get a dosage that doesn’t last quite as long. There are also short-acting ones that I sometimes take after school and are only 5mgs but last 4 hours. If you take this too you shouldnt take it after 5 hours before your bedtime because then you won’t be able to sleep (this happened to me)  So from my personal experience, I wouldn’t take the meds every day as it could impact your appetite and sleep schedule too much. Take breaks from it on weekends or while on vacation, and take them early rather than later in the day.
I've had ADHD since I was a kid, and Ritalin makes me able to do my job of writing software. I tried going off of it in college, and I wasn't able to focus at all anymore.
you should really try Concerta, it's similar to Vyvanse, but way less severe in terms of side effects and long lasting effects
I’ve tried three meds now and one of them worked well but I also just don’t feel like me as much or don’t like the side effects. Since I am in between school and jobs, I decided to just not take meds and see where my brain goes. It has been like following a cat around but that is kinda fun.
I am also adhd and back in school I would take focalin. It's a over time release that was at least able to balance me out. I would recommend a try at it at least.
Was that music from fnaf 6 fruity maze
I take methylphenidate, it helps but I’ve tried other medications before getting to this one. Always remember. That not every medication is gonna work for you. When you go and try different meds and you’ve gone through about 3 different ones. Don’t just stop taking it even if it’s not helping or you don’t get the desired effect or get bad side effects. I’ve been medicated for adhd since grade school with plenty of meds that didn’t work but once you do find one that does it makes all the times the meds didn’t do it for you so much better and it makes it feel like a relief that you did find it. It doesn’t feel as frustrating as it did before. If you have tried medication before and it didn’t work for you that’s fine everyone is different. But just remember to understand while testing which medication is right for you it’s not gonna be easy but when you find the one that works it was worth it. At least in my eyes. If switching medication is something you think could help talk to your doctor. I recommend doing it when you don’t have school like for spring or summer break since it won’t affect school or other things you have going on. Then again I’m not a medical professional I’m just going off my experiences.
finding a school that can handle you is also such a hassle too and actually getting good teacher that aren't assholes
Vyvance = Depression tbh. And ive been on it my entire life TvT
Ive stopped taking vyvance regularly lmao
I love these videos. :]
The first meds I took made me feel ANGRY and my heart was pretending to be Lewis Hamilton The 2nds and the ones I'm in now JUST WHEN I NEED THEM... are great. No personality change, just more focus in general, but nothing super magical either. The downside is that they are more expensive and a pain to get because I need an actual certified recipe with the special paper and all (Always with my psychiatrist of course)
Now i know i have ADHD
haven't tried anything other than adderall but so far it does help me get things done in that same way. interestingly, i notice the focus is an issue too but adderall is effective enough for me that it just makes me really really good at multitasking so despite the distractions im able to get what i need done anyways just because im able to peel myself off of distractions
Meds for anything is really hard, I've been down that path and it took years to get the right combination. When my doctor finally threw in the towel after maybe 10 different meds and referred me to a psychiatrist we immediately did a genetic test and it was a miracle. I recommend everyone who has struggled with meds to ask about doing this gene test. It will tell you the best and the worst meds that interact with your genes and this is for anti-depressants, anti-anxiety, stimulants, and anti-psychotics.
(YT needs a comment search >:U)  Addy = Meth is a common misconception. Meth crosses the blood-brain barrier 1000x more effectively than addy.  Fun fact! There IS a prescription meth and while v uncommon, some ADHD peeps actually do well on it x3
I, at the ripe age of 30, am just recently figuring out ADHD meds myself. I've tried stims but they affected me the same way as you. I withed with my GP and she suggested a med called atomoxetine. I'm on that now, and I really like it because I really don't notice it except like... at some point in the day doing everything is hard/sucks again, and that's how I know it wore off. It doesn't feel like the medication is making me focus, it just feels like I am no longer being pulled in every direction at once mentally. Basically, it feels like a more organic focus. I recommend it.
"Don't forget to unsubscribe....what.." 😅🤣😂.. i subscribed..✅️
The thing about psych meds is sometimes you just gotta keep trying new ones. Definitely give a shot to some other meds, especially longer-release medications, which take several weeks to take effect but do not turn off once they're on.
Adhd Meds really did change my life
I lost interest half way through
I’m absolutely dependent on meds if i have anything i have to get done, even if it’s things i enjoy like drawing. i feel great most of the time when i take them but the meds i take (aduvanz) make me loose hunger and mess up my sleep.  So i drastically loose weight and feel exhausted most of the time. But not taking them makes me not get anything done and just lay on the couch stuck in tiktok loops etc.  So i can either choose to have good sleep and enjoy food, or.. function 🥲 Adhd is a nightmare tbh
what song is tht it's stuck in my head!!!!!!
the most unbelievabley relatable thing ever i’ve been “diagnosed” with slow processing not adhd so yeah
Smoke a joint . Close your phone and learn to focus..
As a Pole - I appreachiate the intro
Adhd pills made me cry for no reason sometimes 👍 so yea, don't trust em
Getting meds is expensive, especially when you can't get medicare
That little visual gag about the dopamine, had me in stitches, lol. Seriously can relate to it. The trumpet bit was also really great as well🤣🤣🤣
Good video! I hope you find what works for you, it seems this is a process that is long going for most people to find what works well for their specific cases. Thankfully a lot more non stimulant medications are appearing with less side effects and better efficacy! Struggle with ADHD daily but am working to resolve the parts I can.   Most importantly remember it is a brain chemistry imbalance so taking medication can be an extremely helpful reality! Do not feel like something is "wrong" just because you need pills to make your brain work "how it should"! Everyone is valid in however they need to get through their own day to day life! Best of luck to everyone on this journey :)
I’m not diagnosed but apparently I have all the symptoms and am pretty much the human embodiment of ADHD but idk
Huh… I took Vyvanse for depression. Didn’t realize it was also used for ADHD, which I’m pretty sure I have. I wouldn’t take it again though. It made me feel hollow, plus other side effects.
Guy: has ADHD  Also the guy: tells us not to tunnelvision like him
I have adhd and i was diagnosed awhile ago, i dont remember how old i was, anyways point is i want to take medication but my mom wont put me on any bc shes just hoping it will go away and then she gets mad at me when i get distracted and forget things😡😡😡 i just need to know how to convince her its srs and i need medication
I dont know why but i actually kinda enjoy having ADHD, dont get me wrong its absolutely sucks when trying to do a test or listen to instructions but i find i didnt really need meds to stop it. For example when trying to listen to instructions i would just focus at something  nearby so my eyes wouldn't get distracted and then i could focus on listening. Or when i went to do something i would set in a reminder, when i was little i would always forget atleast one thing for school so i put a list on my door to help me get in the habit. Which is another thing i learned, repetition is your friend, when you learn to do something over and over you end  up find your self doing it with out thinking about it unlike before when you probably forgot to put on your deodorant. In the long and short of it, ADHD doesn't need to be countered with meds, i understand having meds can comfort people who generally dont like having ADHD and some cases it works but i find easier to just live with my ADHD and try to come up with strategies to help me focus.
I hope you find the right medication for you! I love your videos <3 I have ADHD and autism and I am currently on Concerta and it seems to be going ok, mood has gone DOWN THE DRAIN but that could be just be because I'm trying to get an EHCP and it's not going well.
Oh gosh, I was diagnosed last year in June-ish and was conflicted but happy that it came back with something i was suspecting for a long long time but kept going through a guilt-denial spiral for years cuz funny brain says everything bad in my life is my fault and i just need to change myself to make it better and i spent years trying so much effort with no results but a lot of tears. I could've knitted so many tears sweaters from Spongebob by that point.   Anyway, I started meds, Concerta 18mg first and i felt nothing. No kicking sensation or wearing sensation, nothing. I think i was focusing on that more than necessary because i was paranoid that if they're working then how can i tell if they are if i don't "feel" anything change within myself? ANd googling didn't help, I just got a lot of 50/50 thoughts from others who say the meds are supposed to be subtle or you are supposed to feel something OR "FEELING ANYTHING DIFFERENT IS A BAD SIGN!" which just made me annoyed. I even tried doubling my dose which you aren't supposed to do before asking your doctor but i was desperate and what do ya know? Still nothing. Sometimes i could feel like i was able to do stuff but only if i willed myself to start first so if i wasn't doing anything, it just felt like my normal adhd depression self. So it was inconsistent or i was feeling a placebo effect but I asked to try adderal instead. Same deal as the video, started on the lowest dose and felt nothing but slowly increased my dose until 20mg and suddenly i could feel like i actually could go do the thing i needed to do from chores to sitting and checking my email and HAVING A COMPLETE THOUGHT NOT LACED IN DREAD. BUt then, the effects got more and more diminished until i was having a really hard time at work and increasing my dose to 30mg only made me borderline sick and exhausted. I couldn't sleep, I couldn't eat because i wasn't hungry and nothing tasted good and i dealt with that for the whole month without any of the actual benefits they were supposed to give me.   So i just bit the bullet and tried Vyvanse and i knew it was going to be expensive but oh boy, handing over 200 bucks hurt. And for the first week, i couldn't tell if anything was doing anything which was so discouraging but then the second week, i felt like a more competant person! I could do anything and be productive like my executive dysfuntion was FUNCTIONING! And i had glowing reviews for my psych at the appt. I also could feel when they kicked in, I'd get woobly wobbley and ready to rumble. So now it's the next month and i hate to say it but it feels like it's diminishing again. It's really hard to get out of my chair and up to go to do my next task, I get sucked into trying to solve a mildly inconvenient problem or i get stuck. Just physically and mentally stuck if something isn't going right which adds to not being able to switch tasks and keep working. Sigh. I'm trying to think if maybe the meds are just wearing off sooner than before but idk and i'm just tired of feeling like I either finally found something that's working like it should or feeling like i got another dud and have to try something else again. Feels like i'm at the end of the medication rope and it sucks.
Sucks you had a poor experience! The Vyvanse thing totally sounds like a panic attack to me, obviously I wasn't there so you could tell me if it wasn't.   I've been doing Concerta 18mg and it's awesome. I don't feel altered at all, just like I'm having a really good day
I feel i got adhd but i idk sometimes i forget what im holding and start looking for is when it is in my 🤚🤚🤚🤚🤚🤚 im easely distracted and bad at fokusing i cant sit still i have to move or my feet die im also very wierd and check thing again so im sure of it   So do i have adhd?    Edit: i think i also got leg syndrome since my legs feel very uncumftrble idk jow to whrite uncumftreble blah blah
...kończy się ten san. I juz nie będę sam...
I love how you use the classic GameCube animal crossing music. If you can somehow fit in 2am from that soundtrack I don't think you will be disappointed (you might have already)
As a Pole, I nearly lost it at the intro. Awesome video, sir!
This is just too realistic.
I use focalin, and it’s helps so much for the exact things and symptoms your are talking about. It’s amazing
Exercise and diet helps man
As a writer with ADHD (amongst other things >_>), trying to get a stable writing habit is a PAIN.
I feel seen
The expressions are so cute in all these videos. Thank you for sharing your struggles. ❤
One thing ibe noticed with add abd adhd therapy is that everyone ignores just going outside and unplugging in favor of pimping themselves full of pills when iar you ever realise that the vast majority of those of us with these problems are almost always either glued to screens or live in suburbs or major cities. Like the last power outage we had my son spent the whole week actually talking and now he is doing better because I take his ass to tuebpark every now and then instead of letting him watch TV all day
I hate the pills I have to take, especially the Atomoxetine... I get nauseous throughout the mornings, or have heavy car sickness because of it. At least it helps me focus...
It's refreshing to hear someone else having trouble with ADHD meds. I've been taking Ritalin for a year now, and it had been either not working, or working in ways that don't help. Not only that, but the side effects we're getting bad. I was having breakdowns every day because it was messing with me emotionally. It made me feel bad, and sad, and thirty, and shaky. It was like constant agony all day, and that while I was taking it with my anxiety meds. And I have never Heard of anyone having trouble with the meds, only having them work flawlessly. So it makes me really happy to see I'm not alone in this. There's not as many options for meds in my country, as far as I know.
I'm taking ritalin to concentrate on working on my portfolio. It's gives me so much energy, that I want to take a ten mile jog, and I get distracted sometimes.
They put me on adhd meds when I was really young and it was the worst thing that ever happened to me
I’m not diagnosed and yet I relate too much to this video- 🧍🏽
Medication for ADHD is a blessing and a curse for me. On one hand, when I do take it, there isn't much of a change in my behavior, and there isn't much of a shift in how focused I am. That could be from the amounts of times I just forget or don't take it, but the line between what happens when I do and don't take medication (In my case, Concerta), is getting more and more blurry. Unfortunately, I have also noticed when I don't take my pills, I have experienced increased anxiety, which has become a recurring problem for me, which I believe may be due to it being almost like withdrawal, and my body is reacting to the lack of Concerta with anxiety.
Ritalin worked for me for a YEAR (I mean, it made my hair fall out, but I had enough hair left) [to this day no doctor says they've ever seen that symptom before lol] until I started developing arrythmia from it. I totally feel you, it's scary. Especially when everything else WORKS - I got so mad at my body those weeks.  Luckily Adderall seems to be my solution! I would recommend trying Ritalin as well if you've the spoons and means for it - it does work very well for many. Hope you find your way, with or without meds. Every body is different and every brain chemistry cocktail needs different ingredients to be good. Take your time, reflect & be patient with yourself! :)
Before adhd was invented, people went unmedicated and lived normal lives
i currently take 70 mg of vyvanse daily, which is apparently the maximum amount they're allowed to prescribe
Yeahhh finding the right meds can take a while if you're unlucky. Some hit right on the first. Others, like me, am oddly resistant to them. I went through something like three or four different meds that either did fk-all or, in the case of one, just mentally shut down, before the doc decided to just cut all the ones closely related to that group. Only then did I find one that worked, and including how long I needed to stay on some of them to fully test them out, it took a year or two.
I already had about 4 or 5 different meds (just for my ADHD). The first couple where too short, the first “slow burn” had too big negative effects (I was already too skinny, and the meds made me eat less than 4 pieces of bread per day (in amount). One slice in the morning, one as lunch an a tiny portion of food for dinner.)  And now I’m on my current ones, wich are fine. They’re long lasting, with almost no negative effects, except that they can make me feel slightly blocked. But I guess that’s the result when they literally block your thoughts from drifting away. They’re plastic capsules, and my brain spontaneously decided that I am not allowed to remember the name (fort minor). I’m very sure the effect of them today has worn off.
No such thing as ADHD. if you mean they are as thick as a brick, Say so.
As someone with ADHD, I have also struggled through the process of getting connected with the right medication with my doctor. I totally understand the struggle.        I’ve been on ADHD medication for a few years now and my most recent that works for me the best is, intuitive ( Guanfacine). It has the least affects, in my opinion when it comes to ADHD medication. Intuitive has different milligrams 1-4. (4 is the highest).  ( and about Vyvanse…. I have taken vyvanse before. There are different milligrams that they offer it goes by 10s. During the pandemic, for school, I was on 40 milligrams…  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THAT. It made me feel sick, like your describing.  It sounds like you might need to try going down in milligrams and it’s important to know what TIME you take the medicine. If you wait to LATE in the mornings it will still be in your system late at night. Which is why you can’t sleep. )   PLEASE understand meds always have side effects to them. It’s important to know them when you start taking a medication.  Vyvance symptoms I had was loss of appetite, dizziness, short of breath, and lack of sleep.   With the intuitive my side effects are when I don’t take it. My blood pressure isn’t normal and I get too hot. But other than that I don’t have an issue.
Sometimes I wonder if you're just one of my brain cells that has somehow split from the others and formed his own consciousness
I had a similar experience with Vivance. It was effective, but man does it have some unpleasant side effects.
My experience with ADHD was being a second grader prescribed the equivelant of an ounce of methamphetamine abd ut didn't stop until I pulled out a gun and threatened to kill myself infront of my entire family if they didn't take me off the pills that made me see demons walking around.  Also I really love having non functioning kidneys, a liver talhatvworks when it feels like it, still not being able to concentrate and all of this was because I was bored in class because I actually liked learning at the time and so I got the material really quickly. And mond you this is just the stuff I'm talking about because I don't want a panic attack  I went to Iraq and Afghanistan and remembering the nightmares I had on adhd mens because some snake oil salesmen convinced my parents that ADHD meds were basically steroids for your brain that I didn't need, legit fucks with me more than when I occasionally remember what a burning child smells like.  If you put your kids on these pills objectively you are a bad person and I wish the absolute worse possible things to happen to you and the Dr's involved
Maybe ADHD, maybe normal, but I remember _struggling_ at my old job at the deli. I only had to remember 3 things for an order: What meat/cheese, how thick of a cut, and how many ounces/pounds. Even giving the customer my full attention I'd forget all three things a second later because I was thinking about some random bullshit. I learned to first and foremost remember only what cheese/meat they wanted first, grab it, then ask to repeat how much they wanted (sometimes I'd remember though), then after making the first slice ask if it's as thick as they wanted it. Weird thing was, I had another job at a different deli years ago and I don't remember struggling as much. I think my brain's just deteriorating that badly. Not to mention all the god damn product codes we had to memorize. I think I still have the little notebook with all the codes I carried around.  Still need to get diagnosed lmao.
man, I've never related to someones experience with Vyvanse as much as this. I took it in highschool and it made me focus on everything unimportant. It also suppressed my appetite so badly that I became underweight for my height
Pole and
ok I made sure to unsub just for you.
Can I try ADHD?
Stimulants my not work well, but you could try Strattera and see if increasing your norepinephrine will help dopamine regulation/absorption
Can confirm. This is exactly how maths happens in my brain as well.
This is 10000% accurate! I was crazy on Adderall. I couldn't explain it, but I love how you put it. Only being able to focus on tangible items is so true! Now I'm on concerta. It works really well for me, but honestly, I only noticed how well it worked when I stopped taking it and had incredible burn out. :/ ADHD, sigh.
TYLKO JEDNO W GŁOWIE MAM KOKSU PIĘĆ GRAM / the polish in me 0:00
I wanna see more of that dancing cow
My husband was the same way. He tried several ADHD meds, and they just didn't work for him.   Concerta is the only one he will take because it's the only one he found that works for him.  I'm not saying it will work for you. Everyone is different, but if you keep trying, I'm sure you'll find what's best for you.
I closed this video to go watch the polish cow.
is this the youth of modernity. omg the end
I want to find the right medicine for me, but I also have big anxiety about heart problems. I watched my dad died suddenly of a heart attack when I was 15, so any heart palpitations or chest pain makes me panic and run to the er. I noticed it happened much more on my medicine so I stopped it.
definitely should try ritalin, i had same problem and i’m in college and useless wo meds and my grades flipped
i eat ice cream sandwiches everyday
The chemical compound of Vyvanse is closer to meth than any other med
I have great results with Concerta but it took a long while to find a dose that worked. I'm glad my psych took the time to dial in the dose based on my needs. Apparently I have an unusually high metabolism for it and that means I have a REALLY high dose per day. But meds don't solve everything. I'm still only a half functional member of society. But hey, it's better than being a non-functional burden to society amiright?
The cow lyrics💀
For me it started with ADHD.... Little did I know that was just the first tier of diagnosis achievement badges
Totally real. I thought meds were the solution, but I ended up taking to the hospial by an ambulance cz I kept hperventilating, ppl thought I had a heart attack
Fuckin mood dude
Bro, I feel this shit on a spiritual level.
Thanks for kidnapping me
I was diagnosed with adhd and an anxiety disorder when I was 10. The adhd was the one of the two that was effecting my grades more so we treated for that because medication is expensive. I tried multiple different adhd medications but the one I took the longest was adderall which was almost 5 years. It did its job but I stopped taking it when I was 18 because I was now done with high school, and I felt like it was making me more in unsocial even when I didn’t take it for like a day, and I had kind of found my own way mentally to focus even with adhd unmedicated. Now I take Cymbalta to treat for that anxiety disorder. And it’s working pretty good. In my experience medication has worked but ADHD medication was alway more tricky.
dude, our adhd journey timelines almost match up perfectly. Quick, do something out of character before the Matrix merges us back together!                        Hello there :3 I love your content
Never existed until kids were injected.
Holy shit. I've been on Vyvanse for months. I've been out of breath a lot, I didn't even think it could be the meds.
This is kinda what happened to me when younger...
I use the weird one with the C name. I can’t spell it
I have Aspergers and I was scared to start taking Zoloft because I had never taken Psych meds. I'm so happy I'm on it because now I can communicate and deal with stimuli better. I can actually take a joke now! Very happy to be better
Got my ADHD diagnosis when I was 18, near the end of 2020 Been taking methylamphenidate basically daily since then and it's been a game changer for me, while medicated I'm able to very easily focus on whatever is needed. Should be mentioned that the medication is only part of the puzzle for me, it's basically "just" made my ADHD coping mechanisms way more effective. While I'm still unable to sit down for an entire day and for example study for a class, I'm able to study for a few hours, utilising my ability to hyperfocus by picking out interesting bits and pieces from the topics that I'm learning. As said, I've already had ADHD coping mechanisms before, medication just made the mechanisms more effective and made it easier for me to engage with them.  The takeaway that I'd like others to have from the video but also this post is: Try things out. If you're medicated but only on like half the amount that's technically applicable (like me) but you're still comfortable with the results, keep it that way. If you feel like you need better results, try more, try something different. Always communicate with your respecitve therapists. And also, coping mechanisms and learning to deal with ADHD are still just as important when medicated as they are without. Getting an engine swap on your car won't help if you can't drive, so to speak.
i also have the funny adhd and meds never helped me for it but once i started taking anxiety/depression medication i was able to grab my metaphorical wheel. Which is odd but shruggem. I hope you are able to find something that works for you friend
I like to think i have 3 slots. for example, music can be slot 1 looking can be slot 2, and doing can be slot 3. if i dont fill all 3 slots, i loose productivity  but if i overflow, i start to drown things out. also i am very lacking in executive function which means i dont struggle with tasks ive got into the groove for, but rather ones i havent started. i used to take meds, but i stopped because they seem to have had an adverse effect on my ability to display some emotions properly.
i think i have ADHD
very curious if you retained any of that space info after taking Vyvanse?
Polish cow pog
ADHD is like choosing to do the side quests, starting one and never playing the game again.
I love vivance but it’s not for everyone sadly but try doing every other day with it it might help or don’t take it on weekends cause for me when I took it every day I had chest pains 🥲 now I don’t take it on weekends unless it’s midterms or finals 🫶
I always say trying to think is like trying to jump between 5 different trains… maybe I do have ADHD Edit: You are the only channel that makes me want to watch ads, I love your style of making videos, its just chaotic and incredibly funny and makes me laugh and my day better every time. Thank you and have a great day too!
ADHD is one of my insecurities but I feel like I'm not a full person and can't do what everyone else can do
Thank you for your story! I’ve lived with ADHD all my life and have been on meds for a while now, but my partner just learned they’ve had it and have gone untreated for their whole adolescence/adulthood. Their starting their own treatment journey and I’m glad to have other stories to give them different perspectives of the process they’re about to go through. I hope you’re able to find and obtain the results you’re wanting with your adhd!
If I would have continued taking Adderal XR 20 as an adult, I would have died.  I took Ritalin as a child for years no issues, but tried Adderall XR 20 as an adult and 6 days of usage has led to 6 months of recovery so far and long-lasting health issues. I wish the psychiatrist wouldn't have started me off on the 20, was probably too high, and maybe stimulant medication just isn't for me anymore. I've been able to manage without meds after the Adderall situation. I've had a lot of pain and suffering since taking Adderall as prescribed due to adverse reactions - one of which you described near the end of your video.
I have autism and adhd (inattentive) and what works for me is methylphenidate, currently im at 18mg but imma up it cause me bodeh is getting too used to it. It gives me energy and focus for classes :3
I have ADHD butt idk and it does not do much for me
😂😂
I think one problem is that adhd is used as an umbrella term for different versions. I have inattentive type so Im not hyperactive but the opposite. I have an intensely hard time with task and decision paralysis. So I was lucky that Adderall really helped my main negative symptom. Its the first one usually prescribed but I dont think its suited for every type.
https://youtu.be/B421Vfll8Pc
“Don’t forget to unsubscribe” finally at last, I can leave this mortal realm 🧓🏻    Edit: forgot to add this but I have adhd and I took Concerta when I was reeeaallyyy young. It was low dosage but the symptoms I was having when it was wearing off it was like I literally was going threw withdrawal of meth 😀 but I felt normal while I was on it and could focus better without the tunnel vision 😇
Wow, I am literally debating meds for just this very thing and very one the fence for the very reasons you so brilliantly pointed out... hmmm. I will give it a shot but your experience was helpful.. now what was I supposed to be doing?
I’m dying because of the cute creatures in the vid XDDD
Yeah honestly that's how my day would go almost everyday. Also the first ADHD video when he talked about how almost every character in shows or movies that are supposed to have ADHD aren't portrayed how they I was going to comment on the Percy Jackson books because they nailed how it feels.
Diagnosed in 8th grsde, I was on 30mg Adderall in the afternoon And 70mg Vyvanse in the morning
I have add and I get the same filling when I take my meds.
I like the dancing cow.
bruh he's going to milk the shit out of this adhd thing now isnt he? :/
I have severe adhd. It took me YEARS to get to a correct diagnosis and jumped from meds to meds. It also took months to finally get the correct dose of meds. I am finally good with 36mg Concerta at the beginning of the day and 20mg more throughout the morning. Buuuut I cannot sleep well so I take 25mg Quetiapine to sleep 😴
This video is making me realize that i think my Adderall isn’t working and i should talk to my psychiatrist 🧍🏾‍♀️
meds alone wont help everything, they help the lack of dopamine. but they cant fix the altered brain structure that develops during adolescence due to said lack of dopamine (this is why it's actually really important that kids with adhd get meds.they actually will promote healthy brain development https://youtu.be/HYq571cycqg ).  However, Meds do help you overcome the challenges brought on by those brain structures; i.e. they allow you to utilize skills you learn through (self)therapy that will let overcome them (e.g. reminders, calendars, CBT).   Personally, Im on stratarra and ritalin (short acting 3 times a day). i found the stratara really helped me with my emotions (every emotion i would have was magnified before and it was exhausting) and ritalin helped me focus on work. However, either alone I kept enveloping resistance too. I found papers that found that taking both in low doses was safe and effective for people like me (resistance development). Those papers did state that more research needed to be done but it was enough to convince my doctor.  ....ok back to work ^^;
The segment with the 5 mini people in the brain was so hilariously accurate
im procrastinated watching this vid
This video was so great I feel thoroughly entertained
I haven't taken ADHD medication, but I imagine it's like taking NZT from the show "Limitless"
I had the same experience!!! I have found that Chinese herbal supplements such as Bu Nao Wan from The Eastern Philosophy works incredibly well to help me focus and clear the brain fog. Plus it’s insanely more affordable compared to Vyvanse. I had all the bad side effects of Vyvanse and was having hallucinations, so I quit and was looking for something to help with the ADHD. The herbal supplements not only work, I don’t have any weird side effects.
Audio is *ʟow*
I want ... *_math_* where can I get this ... *_meith_* ?
WHAT IS THE COW DANCE SONG??? I MUST HAVE IT!!!!
My parents are convicted i don't have ADHD, even though i am diagnosed, because they did not notice a response to the meds when i was a kid.  I did not even find out i am diagnosed untill college
Man, I just want to say that list of A B C D and E plus a birdhouse is literally me. I'm 27, and recently became convinced (thanks to videos like yours) that I probably have ADHD. Can't wait to go get it looked at. Until then I'll do my very best as a self-employed guy being beckoned by videos of building cabins in the wilderness.
I have no idea if I have ADHD... Like these symptoms that Andy describes (In both videos), I have like 99% of em' (Except the door one, and maybe the spin in circles one, I may have done that when I was 5 or somethin') And the AMOUNT OF TABS I HAVE OPEN AT A TIME IS... SPEECHLESS! If only a test didn't cost 800 euro.... yeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaah...
Adhd yes. It makes sense.
you are literally the only youtuber that makes me enjoy watching spons LOL
Finding the right medication and dosage is definitely a journey. I had to try like 6 different meds plus different dosages of those meds for about 2 years before I landed on what worked for me. But I've also changed my dosage as I've gotten older and gone through different periods of my life. Unfortunately I think a lot of people give up on medication because they expect immediate results and that's just not realistic. But also, not everyone needs them, its so specific to each individual person and I'm glad you shared your personal experience so far. I hope you find what works for you! 😊
Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu 5 gram
Ah yes. As a child who was diagnosed with ADHD, I've been prescribed Adderall, Ritalin, Vyvanse, and Stratera in the past. Ironically, I was too young to discern for myself how much better I was at focusing. So instead, a lot of the changes were based around the effect of any given medication on my appetite. See, only Stratera left me with a healthy appetite, and since I was a very skinny kid, we kept experimenting up until I was in high school and reached that conclusion. I am also unmedicated at this point since eventually as a young adult I figured I didn't need it anymore. I would probably like to attempt to be medicated at some point again however. I now understand my attentiveness better, and I know it's... Not good... 😅
I just had to reduce my Vyvanse from 50 to 40 because the 50 was making me Lethargic. Which is odd AF to think about, because in a normal person IT SHOULDN"T DO THAT. Have had it reduced for a week, things are going better for the time being.
1st 3 minutes were good but then it turned into you getting paid by nordvpm for everyone that clicks your link and buys into it
strattera is very good! it’s non stimulating (so it makes your brain less funky) and has worked for me vs ritalin etc. however, i’ve been taking it for YEARS, increasing the dosage whenever i feel like it isn’t doing anything. it’s lasted me a good while so far. everyone’s brain is different, and you can definitely find one that works for you if you’re consistent with it and closely monitor how it impacts your brain. psychiatrists are always a great resource— be sure to schedule frequent appointments with them when starting a new drug.
I WAS JUST WATCHING THE POLISH COW VIDEO
The meds at least my experience with them made me feel depressed, I would hyperfocus and skip lunch for some reason most weirdest experience for me at least
It’s fun when you go to the doctor and you ask “will these meds help my adhd?” And the doctor’s like “lol who knows. It affects every person completely differently.” And then it’s trial and error for sometimes years
I've come to the conclusion that meds can make things worse and you really just have to push through and work hard to figure out how to get something, anything, that you are supposed to done.
I remember being on ADHD medication for years when i got diagnosed when i was younger. I remember accidently not taking the meds one day and i was happier than ever. So, I went years without being medicated, and i was essentially on square 1 of the ADHD problem. Almost half a year ago i decided to take ADHD medication again to see what would happen. I was much more focused, was doing well, but as a result i was more aggressive. I switched to a different ADHD med, but the same results happened. Im again off the meds, back to square 1, in a way similar to how you are Ice. However this is my experience of ADHD meds, and the same results aren't going to be with everyone.
Try Concerta or one of the Generic Brands
I’m guessing you can’t switch between meds like buff potions in a video game so you could take certain meds at certain times
There are some medications that you don't need to ween off of, Adderall is one of them, actually. I'm not sure about the other ADHD meds, though.
Vyvanse is an experience where you have no emotions can't hear thoughts and there's a Neverending emptiness you need to fill by doing work but you can't do menial tasks
I suffered from these same problems. Initially, medications *seem* to have some sort of benefit, maybe? But as time went on it either just didn't really seem to be doing anything, so they'd want to increase the dose, which just lead to side effects that outweighed any benefit I was maybe sort of seeing? I never really felt like the medications...worked? Like, I went in expecting my ADHD symptoms to improve and I just kept getting disappointed with the results I saw from each medication. I just didn't really see the point of continuing them because I still don't even understand if they worked in the first place.
they told me if you having problems with meds then you should have a high protien diet take caffeine with no sugar and take vitamin complex b i have gotten results from it so idk if it good for you so try it
Really appreciate ur detailed account on how medication affected you. Like u said, doesnt mean it's for everyone but ithink such account is seldomly mentioned. This review helps those thinking about it and possibly what to look out for when giving a trial run. Thanks for the video!
Oh also that shortness of breath and headaches? Most likely high blood pressure. I already had it so I knew how it feels before starting the meds. It evens out a bit after your body gets used to it but doesn't seem to go away completely.
the thing i like about vyvanse (for me) is that i can freaking clean. that was legit impossible for me before. also vyvanse hasnt had any weird side effects on me, and i basically feel like me, but it's 80% easier to work at work
Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu 5 gram odlecieć sam w krainę zapomnienia w głowie myśli mam NAILED
I love ur work ice cream Sandwich I look up to u and dream to be like u one day 🙂
When I was a kid, ADHD hadn't been invented yet. They put me on epilepsy meds with side effects ranging from depression to random psycho flip-outs. A new neuro-guy years later looked at the brain scans and decided it was basically just testosterone poisoning. Took me off the meds and I was back to my happy-go-lucky but daydreamy self. Nowadays, what helps most at getting things done is having accountability partners review weekly goals, rewards, and a well-deserved scolding when I don't stick to the plan.
really interesting video, i do take meds, ritaline but only when on days where i need it, as in need to focus ( to learn at school or for work ) also the dose im using is very light, around 20g for a day, and my doctor told me i could go up to 30g, but i dont feel the need to,  on days like weekend or holidays i just dont take it cause i dont feel i need it, although its what working for me
It took a long time to find the right combo for me
I've been on Adderall XR for like a few years now, and it works for me perfectly.   except when I get lazy and refuse to do chores 😭
the first week of my meds felt like nothing tbh utter pure nothingness no emotions no anything it got better for me tho
ADHD medication ruined my social life
Oh, the sound on this video is so low
My experience was that I suddenly got the ability to DO EVERYTHING and due to many years of overcompensating the lack of said ability with immediately doing anything I even mildly felt like doing (because I knew that if I don't, then it's not going to get done), I started doing every random task to completion. Like, I'm working and I decide I need a cup of tea. So I go to the kitchen and start the kettle. But while I wait, I could empty the dishwasher! So I empty it, refill it with dirty dishes, wipe the counters, generally clean up the kitchen, and finally go back to my desk. :))  ....  :((  not only did I not make myself tea but also half an hour to an hour has passed where I was meant to be working. So I had to very consciously unlearn throwing myself at every task I see.
My mother has ADHD. Sometimes it feels like im parenting her 😭 she also has no visual memory. I have seen her walk past doors that she went through 2 minutes ago. sometimes i lose her in the store, “i cant find my phone” “i cant find my keys” “i cant find my shoes” everyone that knows her just hast to get used to the fact that she WILL BE LATE. Everywhere she goes, she will get lost.
I was also in adderall for a while. But then it kinda stopped working and i had to get my dosage increased. And it kinda hit me that if i were to stay on this, this was gonna be a cyclical loop. Take it until it stops working then get a dosage increase, until im taking like 50mg a morning just to be a normal person and i didnt really want that. So same as you kinda back to square one, but I have had some success just through habit apps and daily planning. Not solved of course but figuring it out
Approximately 15 years ago I got diagnosed with ADHD, to deal with this I was put on Concerta. During the beginning of covid I struggled with them for a while, but in the end decided that I was better with them than without. Good luck finding the best method for you!   Though a tip: I've learned through the years that taking medicine for just focus isn't worth it. I have slow releasing meds that remove the "clutter", that filters some of the extra thoughts. Everyone responses differently to any medication, do what feels best for you
I use straterra and sertraline
I was diagnosed as an adult after years of dealing with my chaotic mind...I had a SEVERE reaction to Concerta/Ritalin that my doctor said very few people have...I basically had a psychotic break and was convinced I had bugs crawling under my skin to the point where I was actively trying to CUT THEM OUT.  So needless to say I finally gave up on meds....until this year...after being drug free and scattered brained for 11 more years I decided to speak to my new doc about a non stimulant med- Straterra.  It may be helpful for you if you think you still wanna try.  Good luck!
but i can focus on your videos
i hate when i interrupt myself like 4 times in 10 seconds when talking to someone & that only happens like twice a day on meds
some of us have crazy brains too but we dont make multiple vids on it
Polska krowa Polska krowa
Dancing Polish Cow
I took Adderall and Ritalin for awhile and they both worked great! But it started to make me numb and overwhelmed at the same time? Or maybe one made me overwhelmed and the other made me numb. Can't remember exactly 🤷‍♀️. Anyways, I'm doing my best without pills now! It still sucks and I wanna say I've made progress, but idk. I'm surviving! So that's something ☺️
Vyvanse legit saves my life
my meds caused me heart palpitations and it was so scary and I didnt notice anything else good about the meds so I decided to continue life without them  Also I cant even afford them anymore so I couldnt even take them anyway
Me watching this with my ADHD brain, suddenly pausing the video with the thought of “shouldn’t I be eating now”, then my head tilts to the left, see my empty glass, takes the glass downstairs to fill it, walks pass the food, go upstairs, sets down my glass, then realise I forgot the food thing and don’t want to do the trip downstairs anymore and now I’m watching the video again 😁
Ritalin ❤️
I have ADHD
I took meds but i forgot to take them
adhd, asd, add, whatever, its all crazy
I do the same thing
now gonna use stinky inky bad for everything bad
XD SO TRUUU
Honestly Concetta works really well and it starts smal and then builds up for 10 hours and then you have like a subtle comedown in between!
Not getting fixated on results is super important. I spent years trying different medications, trying to find one that would “fix” me, even though I had been on Ritalin before and it had made me feel way better. It took about five years for me to realize that the point was for medication to *help* me, not *fix* me. So now I’m back on Ritalin and I feel… ok. My brain works better, not perfectly, but better. I can focus on optimizing my life, and learning how to make things easier now. Which was the point the whole time. There’s no cure, just ways to make things easier, medicated or not.
Glad you're back it was too long for me
ice cream playing a cocaine song... *chefs kiss*
Great video but why perpetuate the misinformation that adderall is even chemically similar to meth. It is not, and this is a huge misconception in the stigma against ADHD medication.
Great video!! Sorry about your trouble with medications though. Concerta works well for me personally because i guess it retains the dopamine in your brain as opposed to Adderall that adds more. I have been getting a ton of writing done and can usually keep up with doing my tasks in order and such.
it’s sad that your parants most likely did the d thingy  Edit:I show some symptoms of adhd but I don’t have it :)
Love ADHD discussion where I dont expect it
Drugs should only be one half of ADHD treatment. Pair that with behavioral therapy by a specialist and you will have a much more robust and well rounded treatment plan!
Actionable (and unsolicited) advice time:  You WILL have to learn to adjust your habits when adjusting to a new stimulant for ADHD.  The meds won’t end your symptoms - they just give you new options to potentially learn to *wield* your symptoms in a productive/healthy way.  And there’s definitely a learning curve for gaining a new relationship to self.    Don’t expect to become “normal” when going on a med - because your ADHD is a fundamental part of who you are.  A good medication should just lessen the barriers your symptoms place on your ability to function in a world that isn’t built for people like us.    Other than that, listen to your gut about what works for you, and don’t let anyone scare you off from doing something that objectively feels beneficial!
Still more productive than me who does not have it, prove ? All vids on this channel need efforts to be made
Adhd medication gives me headache
hi hi!  My partner has ADHD, and he's found a balance that works for him (for the past year, at least).  He takes a medication called Wellbutrin.  It's nothing hardcore, and it's actually an anxiety reducer.  It takes a full month to have it be in your system and have it take any affect.  He takes this one everyday, and on work days he takes a baby amount of Adderall.  (He also is a remote worker, which is an A+ for ADHD brains, from our observations with friends lol).  He hopes to not be on Adderall forever, but he's on low doses for the time being.   Again, these are meds we're talking about, and a brain functionality that is different for each individual.  So, this may not work for you or others, but I think Wellbutrin (either on its own or in conjunction with something else more specifically for ADHD) is worth a shot.   Please ask your psych about it first.  I am not a trained medical professional. :> Great video, as always!  These little vids make me laugh and have a better day.  Thank you. :}
I was also diagnosed later in life. I spent a few months on meds and absolutely hated it. Felt like the pills were sucking the fun and creativity out of my life. I decided to stop taking them and I'm fine. Therapy and trial and error of different personal organization techniques have done wonders for me. Also low doses of THC and mushrooms have done wonders for my anxiety and help to calm that mind racing feeling
To me, ADHD is like having the ability to focus on numerous things while understanding none of them, but I'm unable to shift my focus onto the one thing I do understand. Also, ADHD makes boredom feel like torture, mostly mentally but sometimes physically. Meds help, but they're not a cure-all for symptoms, they just make the symptoms less intense.
I thought I had ADHD for a while but it turns out I have GAD which has been causing severe attention problems. GAD is a whole different ballpark though and im going through cognitive behavioral therapy instead of meds because pharmaceuticals are fucking disgusting :) (I respect if antipsychotics, antidepressants, adhd meds etc work for you dont get me wrong but they have so much abuse potential)
I was on 45mg daytrana daily patch on my hip and if we had a social event like a party or baseball game they'd give me an additional ritalin pill. I forget the dose
There is a good video about why everyone has adhd
Honestly, I would LOVE to find meds that would fix my distractibility but the thing is that… i’m a creative. The REASON why I would need medication would be for me to write more and draw more, but people often tells me that it would kill my creativity. I’m in a situation where I have A LOT of ideas but no capacity to focus on actually writing and if I were to take meds, I would have the capacity to write but I would run out of idea very fast… its so confusing.
Drugs only cover up symptoms and produce other side effects, you can actually reverse ADHD naturally but it takes time and dedication, here’s one good video for anyone whose interested to get started, https://youtu.be/uJGayLwJHXI
Crap got stuff to do right now
Got diagnosed last year when I was 26. Rittillin has been what's worked best for me, but only in the right dosage and when I know how to manage it.  When your psych assesses you, they should have given you an option for an ADHD specialist therapist. I think they are INVALUABLE in tackling the symptoms. How are you meant to know the techniques and tools to best your focus when you've never known how to? Speak to a therapist who can help you learn about your symptoms and how to handle them WITH medication
I used to be medicated throughout childhood because teachers found me distracting, after taking different types of medication I just became a zombie and had my eyesight go bad as a side effect (just slightly and its now fixed with eye laser surgery) as an adult I just became aware of my triggers and now know how to control my AD(H)D. It takes a while to understand yourself but now I'm one of the few in uni that gets really good grades and always have my work done on time. Only downside is that I still can't control to separate myself from a task once I started it, so if I have an assignment I'll work on it day and night till its perfect and done waaaaay in advance of the deadline... so I'm productive but don't rest at all.. but you know it's part of you so just learn to deal with it I guess.
With meds I just feel really sluggish and tired I do not like meds ether honestly
The journey to find the right meds is long and difficult and frustrating and weird.  But ultimately definitely worth it.
If I suddenly stop taking my ADHD medicine, my hart will just stop. So.. Don't do what he did.
I have similar problems i can't just concentrate and it's effecting my life seriously.
so I take my meds only on school days  this is just a speculation but  I'm pretty sure I though withdrawal every time school is out
Been on concerta for few years.  Right dose helps my brain function more "normally" like guide my focus either to doing tasks or focusing on things and i can keep my thoughts more in order (feels like having only 1-3 ppl in my brain instead of ten).   Starting / increasing the dose side effects have been just the basic mild headache and/or dizziness that go away after my body gets used to it. Taking too much made me feel my pulse way too often (like after/during a workout but without the workout).   Regular side effects are loss of apetite for most of the day (very common, everyone i've talked with has this, some have it more severe than others. my solution is big breakfast and dinner with small lunch/snacks between them) and increased bowel function a bit after taking the pills (comparable to drinking coffee).   The best help with adhd for me has been occupational therapy focusing on executive dysfunction plus some other symptoms.  Also a common thing with adhd meds is that for some they just stop working after a while or the side effects increase way too much so they need to switch meds.   dunno if this helps anyone tl.dr concerta has worked well enough for me but it will take your apetite and run, plus therapy is a nice thing
I'm taking concerta, so far I have no bad effects, but it's more of an assistance thing so that I can teach myself to function without the medication eventually (note this is hard to do regardless and I possibly also have autism Wich doesn't help )
For some reason, cardio exerciselike long distance running has always increased my focus and reduced brain fog..and I feel more confident throughout the day. Maybe try that!
You are my favorite artist I love your way of animation and i have ADHD aswell so I can laugh and also be related in so many ways! Thanks for bringing a smile on my face
Name of moo Cow dancing video please?
I have ADHD and I did a gene site testing that uses my DNA to see what medications work for me. Well… NONE OF THEM WORK FOR ME. Other than two non stimulus verities. Which insurance doesn’t cover and I have CHRONIC ADHD. 😭
HE SAID UNSUBSCRIBE IM GONNA DO IT Not really. The eight trumpets playing out of sync at the same time in the brain while doing math bit was really funny.
A 90% THC-A oil has worked wonders for my ADHD, I take 4 drops before lunch and 3 before bed, and the changes have been nothing but great.
Well, at least you had the option to try, I'm not sure we actually medicate for ADHD here, more like implementing strategies in your day to day life to live with it
"Is the heat death of the universe something i have to worry about?"  Mood lol
Just saying this video might get demonetised (lyrics of goofy cow song aren’t so goofy they actually quite concerning)
😕👌always me..
I thought I was watching this video but I was watching a star wars commercial and got sidetracked for a minute and a half
I think I may have adhd. I heard the polish cow meme and had to figure what it was. Spent a couple hours found it and now finally came back to watch the video.  Edit: watched the video and yup
Okey, good video but hows the cow video called?? I wanna see it
I'm on menthalpenedate sooooooo. I probably spelled it wrong.
i have ADD which is close to ADHD and they both suck it makes me doubt myself
dang i might need to get tested 🥱
Yeah, I'm just gonna... Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę za zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę za zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Ja pierdolę, ale mam zjazd Nie chwytam gwiazd Jak kłoda leżę Nie wierzę Co się dzieje Jak kura z głodu pieję Jak wilkołak do księżyca W głowie dziury jak ulica Przed twoją chatą Rozpuszczam się jak baton Który leży na blacie Zejście jest jak nie wciągacie Bracie kurwa ryj mi krzywi W głowie burdel jak w TV Mnie nie dziwi taki stan Brak towaru, w myślach ćpam Radę dam albo nie dam Wszystko kurwa z chaty sprzedam W sumie mam już przejebane Wszystko jednak jest sprzedane Ja pierdolę, same długi Kinol jak u Tabalugi Dzień drugi bez walenia Gdzie jest wąż? biała chemia Jebane zejście tak wykańcza Jakby w chuja dziabła cię szarańcza Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Chemia party, chcę na narty Do dilera a nie w Alpy O żesz kurwa, chyba fiknę Jak w nochala nic nie psiknę Tak bardzo chce dotykać gwiazd Ale nic z tego, bo mam zjazd Totalne kurwa mega zejście A marzy mi się smoka wejście Masz hajsy? Ci też zalegam? No to chuj, dziś już nie biegam Chcę mieć kopa jak pantera W krechę nie ma u dilera Już nie na pewno nie Chyba śmierć rozkłada mnie Nic nie przełknę, mam dreszcze Kurwa mać, ile jeszcze Będzie trwał ten stan? Śnił mi się koksu van I hery gram tak dla smaku Chcę się wozić w Cadillacu Myślami po znajomych biegam Lecz każdemu coś zalegam Odpada opcja pożyczki Bo przycinam jak nożyczki Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz Syf jak na Discovery Chcę wystrzelić jak z giwery Chcę hery i inne bajery W nosie pustka słychać szmery Macie numer do Gargamela? Może u niego w kotle jest hera? Wiem głupoty pierdolę Ale nie ma nic na stole A w kieszeni jebana pustka Przydała by się w totka szóstka Albo chociaż jakaś czwórka I bym leciał jak jaskółka Jak pszczółka maja Do ucha śpiewałaby mi Kayah To są jaja, no nie wierzę Wygięty leżę jak zdechłe zwierze Gorączka w kurwę się nasila Poharatany jak dupa fakira Jak zdzira wymiętolony Leżę kurwa rozpalony Hej, Johnny, chciałbym posypać I na łące jak królik brykać Ale cały czas ten zjazd Usycham jak wyrwany chwast Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam W krainę zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz
I take Vyvanse too- tbh everything you said was totally accurate, except the shortness of breath and stuff isn't a big problem for me. Still there, I guess, but not as severe
the guy at 7:55 reminds me a lot of the shredist 🤔has the looks and the voice to go along with it 😆
Dude your animation is fuckin hilarious lmao  Your comedic timing + animation at those timed moments are A+
I was diagnosed when I was 10 and was trying different medications before they finally put me on adderal. Life. Changing. At least for me. The other medications I tried made me super aggravated and I’d focus on something minor that happened rather than any work.
The most relatable video I’ve seen in a long time. Maybe I’ll be more focused this month, knowing I’m being prescribed again.
And now icecream sandwich loses 1.8 million subscribers
ohshoot I need to test now the symptoms at the start aply to me
Having hopped through medications my self, it's a god darned hassle. I think i've tried nearly everything under the sun. I'd usually be slouchy or very emotionally unresponsive on a lot of ADHD meds. I was lucky that were I'm from THC/CBD are medically legal and my doctor had even recommended that I try and see if that would help since we had been back and forth on so many things. It's worked wonders. Hoping if you decide to get back in finding a right medication that you find it!
I'm actually going in to talk with my doc about getting my med dosage upped lol. I'm on Vyvanse, and a lot of people are gonna think it's a bad med after this, but it genuinely works for me. It's just not quite where I want it to be, because I still have trouble focusing enough for schoolwork. So we'll see, but I just found it funny that I have an appointment for my ADHD the same time you posted this video.
I get depressed with mine (Mythelphenedate) And my adhd is so bad that people in reception (kindergarten) used to think i was deaf
didnt know this is what your new upload will be. also i think the time you got sick is when you made that video (not the appendicitis one)
i always been confuse of why ppl talk abt meds, now i know :D
honestly, i kinda just deal with mines. sure i get work done slower but better than the feeling of depression kicking up to a thousand o.o
Dude when I started my meds my head was finally quiet it was insane to me
Maybe therapy is a better alternative to just meds. They should actually be both part of an integral approach
From what i've heard medication works with additional coping mechanisms. It's not a one size fits all duct tape for ADHD. That also means it doesn't work for everyone so it's wonderful that you're sharing your experience with it.
Diagnosed two years ago at 29, meds are a wild ride. Currently trying Qelbree, a nonstimulant adhd med, we'll see how that goes.   If you can (it's not cheap and insurance can get tricky about covering it), it might be worth it to look into getting an adhd coach? It's essentially a person who will sit down with you, look at the symptoms you're struggling with, and see if there's anything you can do either to your behavior, your mindset, or your environment to help ease those symptoms. A good coach will also help you pivot when whatever they suggest doesn't work, which will likely happen.   In lieu of that, I read "The Disorganized Mind" by Nancy Ratey which talks about some adhd coaching principles and that did help a little bit.
Why is this me during test’s 1:01
Your experience has pretty much been my experience. Meds that have Methylphenidate in them help manage your general ADHD symptoms (making you move around less, helping filter out distracting background noise) while meds that contain Lisdexamfetamine are better suited to help you focus and give you more energy to work with over a longer period of time. It’s just frustrating that there aren’t any meds that do both (as far as i know)…  But take this with a grain of salt, i’m neither a psychiatrist nor any other sort of expert on the matter
Dude try meditation it works for me as a buffer
Im taking amphetamines, helps me concentrate
me watching this video instead of finishing an easay.
I was diagnosed with ADHD around middle school or junior high, and I’m among the group who does benefit from medication a lot. I take Concerta myself, so I can’t really say much about Adderall or vyvanse. I can absolutely see where you’re coming from though, especially with the problems you had with vyvanse..   Just like the last video, I am really really happy to see this talking about ADHD, because I can 100% relate to the struggles with dealing with ADHD. It’s always been my biggest insecurity in life, feeling genuinely like this chemical imbalance makes me kind of lesser than others who don’t experience it. It’s always a huge help to my day when I hear someone else with ADHD in their life just…being real about it. Not sugarcoating it and saying “oh but look at how productive people with ADHD CAN be!!!” Cuz that’s not how it works. It never has been, and it warms my heart to have these two videos that portray ADHD in my favorite way I’ve ever seen it portrayed.  So, hey, thank you Andy. This little duology of videos has helped me immensely, just overall knowing that I’m not alone in experiencing this rollercoaster and that other people DO understand how I feel. Hope you have a wonderful day 💜
The video of the dancing cow for those idiots, like me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hhMUT2U2L4
I unsubscribed as instructed.  Everything got worse.  So I subscribed.
I’ve been taking methylphenidate since 3rd grade and it works for me very well, you can take it whenever you need to focus. Like I don’t take it during summer or weekends, only school days. The main downside is that it doesn’t make you hungry. It lasts 4 hours tho so you can eat between taking it. Takes about 30 min to kick in. And remember this is only my experience, might be different for you.
Omg i took vyvance my entire childhood, and whenever anyone asked me how it felt, it was so hard to explain it. But this video described it perfectly. Whatever youre doing when it kicks in, is what youll be focusing on for the rest of the day.
Wanna know what I kept doing in school? I will be able to remember stuff then after finally putting that stuff into like stuff for answers, I’ll forget about it instantly after the thing is done.
Watching this before I go to talk to my psych about changing my ADHD meds!  As a grown ass woman who wasn't diagnosed until a few months ago, it's really nice to see how you've been handling a lot of similar stuff that I have! It's like I have a little cartoon ADHD buddy :D
2:55 people without adhd will struggle to understand this but that’s so true.   most people with or without adhd will procrastinate a long essay for example. and having adhd feels like procrastinating smaller everyday tasks like cleaning a room or putting stuff away like with the essay, but imagine you never realised you started procrastinating and completely forgot you had an “essay” to write in the first place until you stare at the “essay” (task) right in front of you and you remember, or realise that you even made a mess in the first place because you didn’t look up whilst doing the task.  meds don’t feel like anything, they kinda just make everyday tasks FEEL like everyday tasks and so they are easier to complete.   the brain doesn’t need to stimulate itself with hundreds of thoughts to make up for the lack of dopamine receptors because we are on STIMULANT medication, so we can just kinda….exist…. without entertaining ourselves in our brain? you’d think it would feel like something is different. but it just feels like a different mindset but the same mood level (for me)  comes at a cost though, because at the end of the day (in my case) on methamphetamine i lost my appetite.
Thank you for being honest about this subject. Medication most of the time is not good, mess up your body chemistry. Our minds are too stimulated with the internet. Maybe try meditation. And please don’t worry about covid our bodies got out backs by now with the virus.
Why is every content creator i watch have ADHD
I always just end up giving up halfway through medicating myself if a problem goes like that lmao, something in my brain tells me I used the maximum amount of interactions with doctors and now I'm just too needy and picky and I should stop looking for all help (which is dumb I think)
I've legit just been diagnosed with in attentive adhd and I don't know how to feel about it. Like what now.
Brain chemistry is some crazy stuff. I had a cousin who had impulse issues that were frequently violent. After a bunch of therapy and things they tried putting him on a medication for it. Don't remember what it was but it did fix the problem. However it gave him like every symptom of ADHD, which was weird because it was suppose to improve his impulse control but it apparently just redirected it into a less dangerous place? He wasn't getting into fights at school anymore but his GPA tanked. After about a year of fiddeling with doses and other things they eventually just took him off the medication and home schooled him for his last 3 years and everything was great. He went on to be an engineer for both tesla, spaceX, and disney at various times and is doing great. Now that he has a job where he's rarely dealing with more then a couple people at a time and is usually alone things are wonderful for him. So maybe it was some form of violent social anxiety or something? Who knows but at least it worked out in the end.
ADHD, the dementia and after that Alzheimer's
As someone who grew up with ADHD and was on both Vivanse and Adderall, this is incredibly relatable. I was diagnosed at a much younger age though, so at first the medication was actually pretty much 100% an improvement. It was as I got older I started to experience the same issues you have, until I eventually just got off of it completely.
Really interesting, I recently started taking meds for depression so it's cool to see what are other people experiences with other problems and other meds
GUYS THE BEAN IS BACK AND HES TALKING ABOUT PROPER MENTAL HEALTH-
I've been taking Adderall for like.. 2 years now. And I keep thinking it doesn't do anything, then I don't take it for a few days, and enter the ░░░▒▒▓▓▓▓▓ and then I take them the next day and I'm like "oh I'm normal again"
When trying out different meds for ADHD, please remember that meds are only PART of the solution. Pills don't equal skills! Taking meds doesn't automatically make you do the things you're supposed to be doing. It's especially frustrating for some people because the initial effects of meds can be encouraging, but as their body gets used to it, it may not be as obvious that it's working, and they still have symptoms of ADHD. Remember that ADHD is considered a neurodivergence, so it's not going to be 'cured' by a pill. You can't cure autism with a pill, and ASD isn't something to be cured. Same goes for ADHD.  Also, while adderall does have a lot of similarities to meth (it's literally amphetamines), they are NOT the same, dosing is different, and the media has demonized stimulant medications as "zombie drugs," when they're a valid and effective form of treatment. Respect to ICS for being open and honest about their med experience- different meds work differently for different people, and some people may be better off unmedicated, but please keep these things in mind! If you want more info on ADHD, meds, etc..., I highly recommend @HowtoADHD. (I'm an RN and medicated ADHDer, I promise I'm not pulling this info out of my butt)
The pacing and story telling with this video was great. Way entertaining and had me laughing constantly. Also, I loved the snapshot of the medical industry with the COVID experience.
I *needed* this video. I was prescribed Wellbutrin for depression, ADHD, and weight management. It was great at first, I could focus and lost a lot of weight, but then it stopped working even after we upped the dosage. The last month I have been struggling with telling my Dr. because I’m enjoying the weight loss and I keep convincing myself that it’ll “kick back in”… Im glad I watched this today, as soon as the video ended I called my Dr. and let her know what’s been going on.
I used to take meds for my ADHD, but now I do what other ADHD people hate to hear.  I practice mindfulness. I learned to meditate when I’m feeling over stimulated or heavily distracted.   I’m often told that it’s really hard to meditate, and it is at first, but I didn’t want to be reliant on meditation so I had to figure out something that worked for me.
I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid and taking medication helped me short term but I still had lessened control over anger and frustration, I could focus on things I was interested in but I would get frustrated if anything else happened. I took them until I got into my first year of high school then started lessening the doses and then got off of them all together. I still have some anger issues but I have found ways to route them into working out or pushing my anger into productivity in an almost "I'll show them" attitude.  What I found out during high school though was I didn't have that bad of a case of ADHD, mine was very mild with what should be next to no interference in day to day life, but it can get bad if I am stressed or confused. The doctor said that the usual reason why young kids show those symptoms is due to a stressful home life, which I luckily didn't really have too bad, or their teachers do a bad job at getting them engaged and often just don't help them because they make great grades but can't understand what the material is, which was 100% true for me.
i had to take ritalin throu pretty much most of my childhood and i personally despise it
ADHD is mean. I wanna do stuff. But then I don't. To get my chores done, I have to roleplay a person who got paid to do chores. "I have no time to find the *right* playlist, i can't check Youtube and Twitter, my employer will get mad!"
They gave me Medikinet/Ritalin when I was in high school. Unfortunately the dosage was way too high and I lost a tone of weight since they made me lose my appetite for over 6 hours.
Well i dont wanna unsubscribe so iM nOT gOnNa
as an ADHD, we can't even buy a medication mostly becaude its expensive as fuuuuu- so i have to just live like this for a long time thanks for inflation...
As a person with ADD/ADHD (diagnosed when it was actually separated but like you said last time they're now considered different variants of each other kinda like Asperger's vs Autism) this is incredibly relatable. I'm on Adderall right now because it's the most effective thing so far... But like you said it increases my productivity but not my focus. For that I've been... Self medicating with caffeine. I know that's not healthy, but it's also better than nothing. (Maybe. Idk it's probably just placebo/a genuine caffeine addiction)
America; you got problems, use drugs, get addicted to drugs go straight to jail do not pass go do not collect $200
i think i take rhetalin... idk how its spelled but it helps a bit with thinking for me personally.
the fact that im watching this video because of my ADHD distracting me from my tasks feels too meta
The volume here is extremely, EXTREMELY quiet
It changes the way your brain develops not inherently good or bad, you just have a different brain with or without medication which affects your personality in good and bad ways, the medication helps me function though, doesn't work for everyone however
Always looking forward to those days where I end up on YT for hours trying to find something to watch that isn’t longer that 3-4 minutes, and if I do start watching I do it for 30s and then I open instagram, my mail app, games, calendar.. cause why not? Oh, all this whilst I’m still on YT scrolling. Than all of a sudden I remember that I am about to pee myself cause I have been to “focused” on other things. Oh yeah.. in addition I also have conversations in my head about what to eat (since I have come to realise I am also starving) and then I also think about a million other things while biting my nails and furiously jiggling my feet👌🏻
He never said he didn't like the meth...
That second medication problem seemed like a dosage issue. Or at least the first problem that it caused; that second one might also be a dosage problem but I'm a lot less sure of that.
Ive never took adhd medication my whole life ive had unmedicated adhd ive learned to live with it :)
I can’t take meds because they freak me out but boy howdy I wish in could live the way medicated people do :(
Vyvanse for what I have seen (i haven't do research) is either perfect or a shit show. For me it's was anxiety and enormous lost of weight. Someone i knew was aggressively. But a another just the right thing for him
adhd is definitely a thing. i went onto youtube to pull up a song im making a cover of, but then i saw "ooh ice cream sammige made a new video" and now im here. and technically i should actually be writing some emails sooooooo  yeah   edit: my adhd meds also have the wonderful side effect of making me never hungry. even when i change meds. i have been taking adhd meds since i was seven. i am now almost 19. i am a skinny boi. like, anytime i swim its technically skinny dipping, despite the fact that i have never swam nude. i could be wearing a friggin parka and it would still be skinny dipping. the worst part is that the stimulants barely work, but they work *enough* for it to be necessary for me to take them. and the only 1 or 2 stimulants that don't remove my appetite make me Incredibly Aggressive For No Real Reason. yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
I was put on met-- uh.. adderall when I was 6 and I lost my appetite and pulled my own hair out lmfao. tried many other meds but none worked. now my career does not permit anything that could be considered a "mind altering" drug. I got really good at controlling my brain without meds and I couldn't be happier
Vyvanse is still an amphetamine
so adderall is good for executive dysfunction? Too bad it’s illegal in my country ://  Executive dysfunction affects my life way more than lack of focus, yet all the meds I’ve tried (concerta, strattera, now I’ve started wellbutrin) affected only my focus or nothing at all ://  I’m so mad that in my country there are only 3 meds for adhd available, considering that both adderall and vyvanse sound like they would suit me better than the meds I have
This is painfully accurate, but I'm also very thankful for stimulant medication, it has definitely changed my life.
3:55 skip ad
Last time I asked to check for a diagnosis for adhd from my doctor, she just chocked my symptoms up to my depression and left it at that. At this point, I dont even want to be diagnosed since it'll just bite me in the butt later if I want to get into the military. I think some form of medication would help me though because if I can get just ANYTHING done, I'd be pretty happy
polski mem idioci
Adderall is not meth please stop spouting that bullshit
As someone who has had and ADHD/ADD diagnosis for as long as they can remember and has tried all sorts of medications over the past ~20 years finding the right medication and dosage is hard and even then sometimes it just stops working properly
I started taking my medication when I was 5 and, had no apparent goal, I am still taking them to this day.  I do believe that it is different for each person considering that no two people are alike.
Is it possible to relate to these symptoms and not have adhd? I dont wanna self diagnose myself 😕
this is crazy acurate if been tru this like story aswell
what if you did both? incredible focus plus the ability to focus that focus where needed, sounds like a perfect match, just stop it sometimes to avoid the side effects
Medication alone is unlikely to give you the results you desire because you have to learn how to focus on what you want like a small child because you never had the ability before. It doesn't just magically happen from meds alone.
I have ASD and there is no medication for it. This is fine.
Vyvanse Call your doctor right away if you have: signs of heart problems--chest pain, feeling light-headed or short of breath; signs of psychosis--paranoia, aggression, new behavior problems, seeing or hearing things that are not real; signs of circulation problems--unexplained wounds on your fingers or toes.
the cow is just amazing tbh
video is good but it is quiet
Just some constructive feedback: The volume of this video is pretty quiet. Besides that, funny and informative as always ^^
Don't skip through the sponser, it's fun.
YOuuuuu need to tune up your audio mate! When the video was over I almost pooped myself when ad started. Good informative video though. I dont have ACDC but my best friend has and he doesnt take his meds.
I feel like one of the things that can really help people with ADHD is just… an outside influence. Not trying to leave someone to their own brain to try to get everything sorted, but having a physical, actual other person help. Like “hey let’s do [this task you were meant to do]” kind of thing. It’s easier to step over the executive dysfunction hurdle when you do it with someone else.  Update: Who does it and HOW they does it seriously matters of course.
When i was little my doc put me on vyvanse and it had a horrible side affects on me my current doctor said i should never have been started on that when i was that young im 20 (almost 21) and like last year i started on concerta its worked amazingly for me and im able to feel on control now after so long without any medication i always love to hear people's stories about their medication experiences makes me feel less alone lol
Your videos always succeed in getting me out of my depressive funk 😁
“I did what you’re never supposed to do.” Oh no.  Oh no oh you were so lucky.
fun fact the dancing cow video is a video about dr*gs and sui*ide so umm yea and the first part of it says some of that so yea nice :)
I've been in university for more years than I should because of my ADHD and since I started to take  concerta I can finally confidently tell people when I expect to graduate. I haven't dropped a class for  A FULL YEAR!!! I had to switch around strength and settled on 36mg. It has downsides like the crash but I can't wait to finally be out of school so I will deal with them until then
Its crazy how my environment worked with my ADHD. When i was living at home with my parents I barely noticed that i had it ONLY at work or at school. But since i am living on my own I now see it everywhere I go. Somehow quite annoying and weird at the same time. I thought i knew my ADHD but its a whole new experience now than it ever was.
Try herbal medication, it may sound stupid and pointless but,it has worked for my combo of ADHD and autism. (No side effects)
ADHD seems very popular lately, lots of celebrities talking about how hard it is but not hard for it to control their life
My problem with meds is that after a month or 2 they stop working...  I really dont know what to do
Got distracted by a spoon falling off my table, ended up doing my dishes and forgot to watch the video. Second try now :)
32yo with ADHD. They tried me on Concerta when I was about 14. One tablet and I was awake for 3 days. My carer insisted I keep taking it so I just pretended, then when I met my psych, I pulled them all out of my pocket. Carer was pissed at first until psych said I did the right thing. Guess I had only taken one, though so not too bad.
the video's volume is kinda low
spend money and use NordVPN or use Tor for free your decision
Next time someone asks me what it feels like to take ADHD meds, I’m just going to show them this video.
Yes the focus and forgetfulness and anxiety trying so hard. Well I survive without meds but it is a struggle more....either way though.
Your last video motivated me to see someone about it. We're waiting on results! I feel like 100% sure I have it but I know it's tough to get diagnosed as an adult so I'm a little nervous but hopefully it works out!
“Who’s in charge here?!” * dopamine, dead on arrival * 😂  I had a similar experience with adderall and I really don’t enjoy the way I feel. I remember the last time I took it I worked on a simple photo collage for 8 hours because it had to be *perfect* and I was hyper focused on it.
Me:Desperately needing an answer to this.  Ice cream sandwich: ok bye!!! Me: NOOOOOOOOOOOO
I have ADHD and I feel your pains. I haven't taken the meds though. Also I love your animations
Damn bro
I'm 22 and i have lived with the knowledge of having adhd since i was four so i have been able to build up some tools to help me navigate through the chaos. I write a lot and with that comes distractions, so i have to instill a lot of self discipline when I write. Even then it can be chaotic and hard to focus. I tend to use caffeine. Keeping my mind on the task at hand. However even with this my brain can sometimes decide to slow down and get tired. Unwilling to do the task. In this scenario i normally have to reward myself for the attempt with something stimulating like a video game. After a while of running off the chaotic mental energy. It can become easier to focus again. What i find to be a little troubling is a lot of people end up using Adderall to overcome the chaos of thoughts day by day. But as Ice cream pointed out you can build a tolerance requiring even more. Not only this but from the sounds of what he was describing, Adderall was turning the chaotic cloud of thoughts into one line of thought. Allowing him to fixate on the task, but not focus or create different strings of thought when needing to. From my experience learning how to navigate you brain and understand it, can be better in the long term. You don't need to punish yourself but just understand what is going on. It can be hard when moving a million miles a minute that's why its good to slow down and observe what is needed for you at the time. So then you can focus on the task you want later. Its a balance of what you want and what your brain wants.
Oh buddy, I have ADHD, i'm in the medical field, I am knowledgeable about the disease and it's treatments. I think this video is more subversively dangerous than you think. A lot of children may be come aware that they also show signs and symptoms, and regardless of the warning you put in the beginning, the last frame of your video and your last action in the video - depicts you throwing away doctor recommended medication. Culminating in the idea that medications are BAD for ADHD.   Is there any possibility that you can consult a specialist, show them this video, and detail what they say about the video in another upload?   Love your animations  Cheers
You have gained the ability to ✨              ✨
As i watch this video, my brain is like "yo i get distracted like this too. Heck I CAN RELATE TO ALL THAT." ADHD?
Medicine Is Complicated.  No wonder we have specific people who do Medicine School to help with it.
ADHD is a superpower.
I take about 8-10 pills a DAY to deal with my ADHD, The Vi-Vance is very helpful, however it can lead to sleep problems.
I had the same experience but with different meds 🥰 I feel the only thing that helped me was following Howtoadhd on yt the first thing 🥰 I totally recommend ❤️🧠
not Me  watching reels while this video is playing
A Lot Of ADHD Medication Suppliers Are Having Shortages, I Don't Know How Long Ago This Was, But I Hope You Didn't Have To Wait A While, Or Pay An Outrageous Price For The Medication That You Received 😶
The sponsor segment was impressively entertaining and enjoyable
Plot twist:normal person experience adhd inducing drugs
You do know the song in the beggining is about cocaine and suicide? Not that i complain about it
I wonder if he knows the song he used at the beginning is actually about dr.gs
i take vivance, help me a lot.
For me, taking Adderall lead to a "quiet" in my brain like the feeling you get when a fan turns off and you realize how loud the buzzing of it actually was
For some thing i found me in this video and i think i don't have adhd
I struggled with this for a while, took meds, stopped meds and started meditation. Mediation is all about controlling and strengthening your focus and worked very well for me.  TLDR: Meditate, don't Medicate.
For me, I take ADHD meds but as soon as I started, my sleep got even worse. Going to sleep at like, 1:15 am 😭
Don't forget to unsubscribe lol 😂😂
I used concerta, but Not anymore, Zoom mode activated
Please make a brain plushie. My daughter really wants one. Love your animations!
I'm currently in therapy to maybe get a diagnosis/treatment and this kind of candid info is exactly what I need, not an active condemnation of medication, just a "HEY, heads up"
Just saying im on 10mg aderall and it really helps!
My day was awful until I saw that you uploaded
so relatable...
Something that I feel is important to know:   Adderall is not meth. Doctors in the US actually can prescribe meth under the name Desoxyn but that's only given in very severe circumstances. Also, even Desoxyn is not the same as what Walter White makes. Crystal meth hits your system a lot harder and faster than Desoxyn.  Vyvanse is lisdexamphetamine. It's called a pro drug because the body converts it into the drug that actually helps with ADHD over time. It's why it's considered the more "mellow" stimulant. The drug that your body turns Vyvanse into is dextroamphetamine which is actually half of the amphetamine salt combo that goes into Adderall.
I think your videos are the videos I click on the fastest out of anything. <3
Me personally vyvance over aderall all day but both make me lose my appetite and act like a robot as opposed to my unmediated self being anything else
i know it might sound dumb but... have you tried weed?
Lovely video
as someone who has been on meds for like 6 years it resonates with me. i started off with a dose of 5mg and over the course of those 6 years it went up to 40mg, with me feeling more and more like a robot rather than my actual self. my high school years are pretty much a blur to me since the meds i took made me focus on "normal" stuff more, and they lasted like 8 hours a day. i barely remember anything but at some point i realised that something wasnt right, and i found out that i had felt like that for a few years, i just didnt notice it until then because i just kinda ignored it because "the meds are working whats the problem" until the depression really started to hit. eventually i was like im not taking these meds anymore and just stopped, right before i enrolled into college. i had a really hard time adjusting to life and school without meds and im still not quite there yet, it takes time. but im trying really hard to do stuff without breaking down :')
It is ok to stop STIMULANT adhd meds, like the ones you took, without doctors help. They recommend you stop right away if you experience the kind of side effects you did. This is not the case for nonstimulant ADHD meds which regulate emotions via blood pressure like guanfacine, because it will fuck up your blood pressure
adhd be crazy as hell
I was on concerta for a bit during my senior year of highschool, it helped a little bit but by the time it wore off during the day I'd feel so nauseous to the point it was almost impossible to do anything for the rest of the day
This song in the beginning is so famous but I don't know it's name. Can someone tell me pls? EDIT: Nevermind, shazam pulled it of xD. If anybody is searching for it too, it's called = gdzie jest biały węgorz
tylko jedno w głowie mam
Adderall is basically meth.... Good stuff too... Hate the "high" but damn I was good at stuff   My favorite was Zoloft and Seroquel with the Adderall... pretty sure I experienced normality for a bit there... Then the side effects kicked in and I refuse my meds altogether
Take B12 supplements, they'll help you with your mood and day. Take one 1000 mil pill daily.
same here
This video was relatable and NordVPN
I've had ADHD as long as I can really remember. Stopped taking them in 2001 and I've been a functional though a little off, adult. My recent difficulty is learning a different part of my job that I don't really like. It's hard to focus on something that isn't interesting inherently.
Loved this. Completly align with this......phenomenon.  A few ?'s  First, how long did it take you to create this vid? {pure jest lol}  Second, more of a comment. The VO volume on this is super super low. Looking at the stats it's maxing at -18. It should be closer to -14. But even if you master the audio to -3db, YT will normalize it down to the appropriate level. But it won't bump it up, chance why it's on the quiet side.  Another comment/question. How do you  find your testosterone levels (has your doc tested that) on Vyvance?  I happened across a study showing that methylphenidate has shown to drop testosterone levels in mice models by 40% !!!!. Yes, vyvanse is not methylphenidate. But I am curious as I have 'felt' issues that lean towards an effect on test levels.
Medication can be sooooo useful and as someone who hasn't been able to get any for a month and a half and is starting to fail college this video is perfectly times 😭
I kinda feel i might have adhd but i think that can also be just the curious creative side of my brain so i think i might never wanna loose that side
2:46 I feel called out
As someone with ADHD and has taken both of these meds, I relate
I’m 26 and feel like I should be tested for ADHD… as I type this I’m procrastinating 3 tasks I had set for myself to do this morning 😅😭
Got it! *unsubscribed*
same problems as you
this is relatable. I need help. I dont have meds and I usually have a lot of tasks to get done.
Same thing happened with me with depression meds, they just made me feel like hot garbage and only made me afraid of trying new meds😂😅 i know i could benefit from adhd meds in some form but MAN i don’t wanna go through that again.
I listened to the both videos, without knowing I had ADHD, but then I realized: "god, this is relatable" I think I have ADHD
ok done, I followed your advice and unsubscribed
Never thought I would hear a song about cocaine on this channel
I remember taking Concerta as a kid, sure it made me pay attention better in school but i ended up starving myself throughout the day since it never made me feel hungry and the sight of food made me sick all the time until the end of the day.
I think that's a USA problem because Adderall is an Amphetamine, in Europe they rarely use anything else than Phenethylamin. Vyvanse (Lisdexamfetamine) is also an Amphetamine.  I would recommend talking to your therapist about Methylphenidat (an Phenethylamin) i think its much saver.
Vyvanse is also meth. Just a little different
I'm a full-time mental health professional. If you think you have ADHD, you should see a neuropsychologist, not a psychiatrist for diagnosis. As an adult, ADHD is more of a neurological issue. Also bear in mind that "stimulants" are amphetamines or amphetamine like. They are schedule II meds per the DEA. That means they have a very high likelihood of causing addictions and being misused. When you are on meds, you risk becoming emotionally and mentally dependent on them.  ADHD symptoms are common to many mental health disorders, so don't jump to the ADHD diagnosis.  Remember too that lifestyle and diet changes - get exercise, put down the phone, eat clean keto - greatly decrease symptoms.
meds is always seen as the answer  however it only targets one thing, and its likely not the thing you want :/ They can work, but if you dont change your lifestyle its likely not going to. for example  It sounds like your problem isn't so much I need more focuse, but a case of bad habbits getting in the way  habbits take about 13 months to change fully. :( there is no quick fix but once you do a thing consistely for 13 months you likely wont fall back into the old pattern (sure you can fall back into it if the cause of the habbit is still there, for example if someone uses drugs due to pain, even when off they will restart if no alt is given)  It wont be easy, but I strongly recommend just taking small wins.  for example, set a time and place to do your work (an alarm clock can help),  clear the environment of desecrations  (set up your workspace in a cupboard if needed)  and just tick off a calendar day for each day you spend 20 mins working at that time in that place. It will start to build a habbit, but it does take time and consistency to do.   medication would likely work if you can get your habbits in order. however I'd be very carful of side effects :/  Personally, I dont even try taking meds anymore :/  to much of a russian runlet on side effects when its to do with your mind  (often feels like a cage, either you just cant think or remember how to read, or your body is affected in really bad ways :_( seems you had similar experience to me.)
Uhhh I’m gonna need a full length video of the cow…
Me: doing my homework My brain: *B, I, N, G, O, B, I N, G, O, AND BINGO WAS HIS NAME-O* _explodes_
Y do u know that song from the beggining.  Its pain
Thanks for reminding me to unsubscribe, I almost forgot!
That trumpet scene. LOL
Yeah Vyvanse was rough. I took it while in middle school and for me, it helped my adverse ADHD symptoms for sure, but it was like being constantly hungry but with zero appetite. It was torture sometimes.
I personally have PTSD with Adderall and vivance. I'm not in the majority 80% and those meds did more harm than good for me. But if they work you, than good. Being on the wrong medication for way too long can be extremely harmful for you, physically and mentally. I wasn't given an option to be on or off meds. But eventually, to make a point to how badly this medication was hurting me, I stopped taking it. Because nobody was listening to me
My life everyday bro
Yay (:
How are the 5 guys in his head playing 8 trumpets tho?
In general, the "never stop taking meds (without consulting your doctor)" is right, but mostly if you're taking something constantly or that builds up. So stuff like antidepressants, or something related to heart problems, blood pressure etc. But ADHD drugs are more "situational", some people don't even take them every day (or are advised to take breaks, even as often as every weekend – although this might be a backwards approach). And especially if it's evident that they're causing serious side effects – it should be totally fine to stop taking them. Like, obviously discontinue if they're making you *worse*.
Yeah, I took just about every ADHD med possible .
As a Self employed artists with ADHD, I hacked my environment, I interchanged tricks, I read a lot even though at first I couldn't follow but for the reading part, it became easier than when I was at school because I didn't had that pressure of having an exam about it, feeling the need of remembering every sentence because maybe the prof is going to ask about it, I don't remember all pages I just read when I finish it but I stopped caring and weirdly I'm still perfectly following the story and got better focus the more I read, it also helps me kind of meditate because when I do I don't think about my life and whatever challenges I need to go through. Also working with partners helps me focus better than just working alone... I almost feel like I don't have ADHD anymore, I stopped trying to mask my behaviors, when I am with a bunch of people and can't really follow all the conversation because I know for a fact that I am better at one to one conversation or giving a one direction speech to a group, I just get my sketchbook or notebook and start scribbling, and by doing that I do follow the conversations way better. I write a lot about what I have to do even though I never read them again, it is still placing my ideas in a better order, I stopped punishing myself for the thing I don't do and have a better ground on those I did and congrats myself for them, focus on  the amount of task I did in a week instead of in a day. ''A little everyday, a lot every week''. things like that. I also discover a lot of pattern coming from my parents, the way they talked to me about things were the way my brain were still talking to myself (very negative and non productive inner voice) that I deconstruct and replace by better formulas. Because the formulas of the inner voice are the most important at the end!
Thanks for putting this so well. It feels good to have someone animate my experience :)
adhd meds gave me lifelong depressive episodes at age 7 teehee
I smoke weed
For my adhd, I started medication in 1st grade and ended it in 9th. It mostly just helped me to get in the groove of focusing on a few main tasks per day. IMO it’s all about finding what works for you.
I had to rewind this video like six times because i got distracted.
Intro song sauce though!?!?!?!?!?
dude ur literally me
Dude this freaking cow video has been stuck in my head non stop I was like wtf is this from had to come back to hopefully cure the demons 😂
I just watch this, and realized, Hay I might have that because I am on YT, and not working wth brain :DD
I went from struggling with the simplest of tasks to being the best in my class at uni by simply taking a drug which is basically microdosing meth. What the fuck.
"considering my goals, and my general aversion to.........meth" that got a wheeze out of me (also, cool to see that a lot of my experience with ADHD meds is shared! Thanks for making this vid :])
I'm 42 Years old this year and got my ADD Diagnosis this year too and trying to get methylphenidat (Ritalin). I also have depressive episodes as a co-mobidity. I don't see meds as a miraculous drug that will make it all go away, i'd rather see meds as a tool under my disposal to get my shit done on a if-i-have-to-basis as i learned to "suffer" my way through school and work-life up to this point.
Ice Cream Sandwich: "Don't forget to unsubscribe!" Me: Does it.
I may have ADHD or not, but Polish Cow Song totally suits my unproductivity periods. Andddd it is now. I should go wash the dishes xD
Where you beeen yeee Gooby : D
Got distracted while watching this video and my butter has melted into my toast and I'm sad because now I have to do more butter, and the toast was burnt anyways, i think
I have ADHD and my mom refuses to buy me medicine and tells me to “just focus in class”. It sucks :/
I'm 26, got diagnosed last year, now I take 35mg of Adderall daily. And holy shit I can finally hold down a job, be clean/clean my home regularly, it's insane being a like normal human for the first time in my life after a quarter of a century.
I tried like three different kinds of meds last year before my psychiatrist gave up on me. I remember that one of them was just really aesthetically pleasing to look at. I forget the name but it was a capsule that had this sea foam green/soft mint kind of color on one end and a sort of warm off-white on the other, and I remember not wanting to take it and just wanting to look at it. It's a shame that one followed the same "works for maybe two days at most but also makes me disassociate really hard while I'm on it" pattern that the other two medications did because like. Man. It was _super_ pretty!
I remember being an eight-year-old on meth, forced to sit in the school for eight hours a day. That was fun.  Night terrors, zero appetite, the lack of personality or soul of any kind, such fun. … oh yeah and let’s not forget the hallucinations, they start right around the 30 mg mark, and don’t stop, even after 20 years of not taking them.  Thanks mom and dad. Seriously parents, don’t give your kids Adderall, it fucks you up in permanent ways, and there are better options.
youtube tryna tell me smth fr
Vyvanse was amazing but like my parents said it wasn't doing anything. I had no motivation for shit but that's an entirely different problem.
ADHD is nuts in general, and meds are SO confusing. I ended up with Strattera which is a non-stimulant and it is great!
as u said in last imma unsub bye /s
You can see whatever thing he is obsessed with every video (adhd here too)
Whenever I’d take my medication for my adhd, if I found myself getting stressed in class everything would feel like it’s going in slow motion but at the same time it’s moving fast? It sounds stupid af trying to describe it but if it’s ever happened to you you definitely know what I’m talking about.
Someone get me a link to the cow video
Try one small hit of chronic pure sativa, roughly 6hours of clarity. Helped me focus, but may not be for everyone.
with my adhd, i've figured out a very low dosage of thc works for me to focus on tasks online, with not so much of physical tasks. this is not to say "do weed", esp if its not legal in your state, and bc im not a doctor, i'm just saying its helped me to just try talking to my doctor abt alternatives that can help if medications aren't working. however, there's still a lot of different medications that can help with adhd, so its really just a pick and choose guessing game
It's insane that medication for mental illnesses barely help and sometimes makes things worse. Maybe one day.
so I took vivance when I was 5 and it was ok...the only problem was that I had completly lost my will to eat so all 9 years old I was taking 80mg of it and weighed about 60lbs and i was so skinny that you could see my ribs it was bad and then when i was 12 I had finally had enough so I was like "yo doc I need eat and she said that there was this one med that would allow that and it was contempla and I took it till i was 15 and last July i am off all med and yeah there are periods of time when Things get lose but now I don't need any meds to help me focus
I was diagnosed at 6 and some days i still feel like i haven't figured out how to stay productive. One med thankfully worked for me but if the past few decades living with it taught me anything its that the medication can only take you part of the way. Behaviors are a huge part of productivity with ADHD. I got my bachelors in programming and honestly not having a notebook to organize my thoughts was more crippling than not having a computer to write code on. You can work with your medication but keep talking to a therapist about how you can work on "executive function" and keep yourself productive. None of the medications will be a fix-it button but with the push they offer you can train yourself to ride the focus wave into a productive adult life.   Now to get back to what I was supposed to be working on right now....🤓
a lot of people seem to think that adhd medication is an “adhd bye bye” pill. No. It just helps with the symptoms
i take some thing that i think is only alowed in uk
unsubscribed :thumbsup:
That 2+2 = 🎺 part was too relatable.. I might use this video to demonstrate how ADHD feels to people that don't get it 🥲
THANK YOU, I HAVE NEVER FELT SO SEEN. I had the exact same reactions and felt so insane, Vyvanse was one of the major reasons I failed my classes a few semesters back as it constantly focused me on complete non-important tasks. My family was extremely not at all understanding and for the longest time I just thought I was insane. Tysm, I'm so glad I'm not absolutely bonkers
Coffee that's all I recommend
your friend had a sexy voice
I switched from vyvanse to adderall because it was giving me heart problems lol
Your storys about... everything are interesting and easy to focus on
I really identified with this video. It's nice to know other people understand what it's like to think as a person with ADHD
So, I haven't been officially diagnosed and I have no money for it but I'm sure I have ADHD, and I can SO relate to this, I'm not on meds tho, since again, undiagnosed, but the way you've described ADHD is kinda spot on to what I've been feeling, heck, I should be cleaning my kitchen and drawing and probably making myself a tea or something for my sore throat but I kinda haven't? and it's almost noon??  ...and then I get like super tired and sleep for like 14 hours a day, is that normal?
The way it took me the whole video to realize I wasn’t focusing on my schoolwork and was trying to watch this while working😭
tylko jedno w głowie mam
I was literally watching a polish cow video before this started
I was on Vyvanse myself, and I loved it. Found I was way more productive, and able to do things with may more confidence. Then I found out it was making my heart explode.  In reality, I have a genetic heart problem that makes me susceptible to heart pressure changes, and the meds were making it worse.  I also took adderall, but it just ended up making me ANGRY. So, I stopped that one.  Once I fix the whole heart situation, I'll probably be trying meds again.
Alright. Don’t forget to unsu… ooh look at that!
i have adhd, found out about it the same way u did and in the same time and have the same experiance and love u
Vyvanse? MELLOW?
It is scary to me how every time he talks about his symptoms it sounds more and more like me on a regular basis-
I take bupropion, its for depression. However, it helps with adhd as well. Work good. The other meds just make me feel dead so i dont take those. Eventually ill either need more of the bupropion or a different drug entirely cause eventually body will get used to it.
OMG I HAD THE SAME EXPERIENCE !! Like, literaly the same but with ritaline and then concerta. Exept that I still take concerta but I'm having some chest pain/breath struggle..? I see my therapist in like 10 days so it's okay. But I want to stop, but if I stop then I would not be able to do anything again.
I also have ADHD, I was given Concerta. And concerta had a weird effect, I actually managed to start getting things done. My apartment looked marginally better than before, even.  But then it started making me extremely emotional. I'd hug my pillow and cry and when I didn't cry I'd feel like crying, and I'd feel very anxious too, and eventually it stopped helping me get things done anyways, so I quit it and kinda cut contact with my doctor.... I'm debating whether to go after treatment again or not, my family doesn't even seem to believe that I have ADHD and just thinks I'm lazy and ungrateful, so I don't know anymore.
I don’t really have a lot of tolerance for this, frankly, inaccurate and whiny video when I’m on day 7 of no Adderall because there’s a currently a shortage and unlike some YouTuber, I need my medication to keep my **job**
I tried to watch this video 3 times
I also have ADHD and was on medication after being  diagnosed, but I had very strong adverse reactions so I stopped. What works for me the best is understanding my patterns and finding mechanisms, habits and forms to cope to be more productive, less forgetful or be focused. Honestly, with time, patience and patience I really saw changes that last a lifetime.
I took like medikinet soooo long until my therapist said i NEED to breakfast to get them working so that was something (i dont eat breakfast )so i switched up to one called Methylphenidate al.... So always make sure what consequences your meds have peps because i didn't and i also couldn't focus (⁠☞⁠ ͡⁠°⁠ ͜⁠ʖ⁠ ͡⁠°⁠)⁠☞
okay this is NUTS i take ritalin (irregularly because adhd and a schedule dont go hand in hand), and i had the exact same experience as you with the shortness of breath. I THOUGHT THAT I JUST HAD A BUM SET OF LUNGS AND HAVE BEEN IGNORING IT.
why is it so quiet
I hate that every time he describes anything about having adhd its exactly my experience
Hell no. You just said everything that i go through every day.
hey bro, i too have ADHD, its really messing up my life, glad to see someone like me ;)
I love how literally all ADHD medications are literally illegal drugs but its legal cause psychiatrist said yes. Like adderall is practically meth, vyvance is speed, etc etc its crazy
Wait what is this cow in the beginning? I want that.
Early diagnosis as a kid, went through a wide range of meds which I naturally wasn't paying much attention to so don't remember any names or such. Anyway, of on my symptoms was just... apathy. It dulled every part of me and felt horrible, I stopped taking meds after that for over 15 years (and in hind sight, still suffered) I also put off looking into ADHD because I knew someone that was severely hyperactive ADHD and thought "We'll I'm not like that, so it can't be that big of a deal". Boy howdy I was wrong. Anyway, long story short I realised a few years ago that this was a big issue in my life, did a lot of work to improve without medication with good results. But after a year or two of this I was able to identify where it just came down to bad brain chemistry and needed meds. After looking into this on my own accord, I was able to get some meds that work really well and life has gotten a lot easier as a result.
It’s amazing how this guy received 2M Subs by explaining his life through animations. ✍🏽
Unsubscribe? Just for you pal.
What if ADHD brain is normal… because of how society is today your brain sometimes cannot comprehend wtf your seeing.
im on 20 mg long acting ritalin which i take once a day like 30mins - an hour before school and it works great. im actually finding it hard to get sidetracked and im fidgeting a lot less. i used to take short acting 10 mg and i took that twice a day but it just wasn't strong enough
The entire video I just wanted the dancing cow back :(
I would recognize that Mario Party background music anywhere
I have ADHD, i was on meds from 5 years old to 19, i just recently tried it again at 24 years old and i did not like it. my parents treated medication as behavioral modification, not a good reason. i have schizophrenia now probably from being on ADHD meds for so long.
Not knowing you are suffering from ADHD is the worst phase in your life, to me Using Adderall was helpful at the start, but it doubled the depression each month i used it, and then i discovered a natural replacement and it took me a while to know which one is suitable for me, and the deference is like night and day
As a fellow ADHD Vyvanse-taking boi. I can completely agree with these sentiments. But my side effect is not wanting to eat. Maybe I don’t have the out of breath thing but I can’t tell because multiple factors… such as not eating and not having energ- oh.
i have ADHD and i take something called Atomoxetin, 80mg daily
I had the unfortunate luxury of putting ADHD brain through BMT. Upside? I can now leash my multivariate awareness onto a series of disparate tasks and successfully complete each one. Downside? One of these tasks is always self-psychoanalysis, and it knows how deeply traumatized the other parts are, and vividly informs me of this non-stop.
Where were you bro It has been 2 months.
i must say that this is realtebel
Had a friend who had ADHD. Man he was... simply he couldn't focus 💀
gotta love meth
You gotta try strattera (atomoxetine) it really does the trick
NordVPN lacks the inclusivity to protect our bums. And for that reason, I’m out.
i love every part of this. I love the sponsor the cute aniumation and narrative. ART
I was diagnosed at 37 years old, the hardest part for me was having to deal with all the identity questions I had about myself since the age of 14 that I didn't know how to deal with and my parents basically forced me to ignore.
As someone who has taken Adderall my entire life, I like/hate the meth
I took Ritalin for a while, then I went on Concerta at 54mg a day, it ended up being more of an appetite suppressant than something to help me focus, I got down to 88 kilos from about 100.
Good thing Vyvanse doesn't have adverse effects if you suddenly stop taking it
I had a bad reaction to Vyvanse too! It gave me seizures ❤❤❤
Upload more pls
You got adhd without hyper-focus? What a bad deal. Anyway, I've always taken ritalin.
If your are smart, but if you can be replaced!!!….smart doesn’t be strong, I mean how many people survive a nuke…..they are literally dusts. Which means we can be replace and be forgotten until a new person figures out why the people are gone and just go berserk….I mean replaceable is in the word of dictation….so why not appreciate that we are smart in the first place and get along with each other…..we know Einstein himself is smart but he not as stiff as a tree trunk….he died inside his body and just says brains need to be not to over knowledge and thus live what you know and avoid answer to questions that concerned you….that is why war is at stalemate….because we make answers to deadly to each other that kills us before we physically move…that is what mentality means….whether you are boast or arguing, or even saying rude stuff on a person reaching a favorable place…there is going to be someone who is going to pull a stab,shot,smash or crushing move onto your body without making the first move, so chill out for not going all out and risk of saying something dangerous…the pope even fears gods ears that are sharp as a hollow cliff or a cavern in Australia.😅😅😅😢
I hate myself for adhd
Been having a similar experience trying to nail the right anti-depressant for me. Just dropped prozac cause it was making me incredibly tired all the time.
I love unmedicated you.
I'm on Adderall right now and I can't really tell if my focus has improved or not but I can tell that my performance in the things I do focus on is extremely good. I think I might have to switch meds but I have a feeling that I shouldn't because then I would lose the increased performance in the things I can focus on.
When i was 10-16 I had ADHD  I took adderall When taking it it made me tired I did nothing all day but write and draw I'm 19 now I don't take it  any more  But it was a terrible experience
I have stopped taking Medikinet for my ADHD im fine but i've never tried anything else....maybe i will.
Vyvanse is literally Adderall binded to a lysine molecule. That's it. It does what Adderall does but better through this mechanism.  Your psych should have also told you to take breaks from either medication. If your dose isn't right then weird things happen. Vyvanse especially tends to add up and wear you out over time.  Finding both the right dose and medication is part of the process, and I wish you luck.  Also stims you can stop taking cold turkey and be just fine. They're not SSRIs or NDRIs which require titration. So I wouldn't sweat quitting them.
Unlucky, I got some excellent immediate release meds that worked for me but the problem is I work primarily in the afternoon. But if I take the meds in the afternoon I just don’t sleep at aaaallll
I was on Adderall for at least 3/4 months and all it did was make me focus on wrong things. I worked as a dairy clerk during that time too. I remember organizing cheese boxes in   the cooler for almost 4 hours when it should of only been 45 minutes. I’m on. I’m on Wellbutrin and Prozac now and I see a better difference
You know the cow song is about cocaine addiction?
My sister takes Vyvanse. Idk how to spell it tho.
Where is the volume on this video?
I was one some meds for a while, like 3 or so months. They were the non-stimulant kind, and despite gaining the ability to *just do things* they made me just so incredibly lethargic, so most of the days instead of getting distracted by fun stuff I was sleeping, which is way less fun and I stopped taking them
Heres a tip to concentrait look up on yt pure 40 HZ binaral beats❤
As someone with ADHD (and using Elvanse) it's nice to know i'm not the only one being like that. obv i knew other people had it but having someone actually say it mskes it more realized to me idk
It might be helpful to make some life style and diet changes too. Exercising before a long period of work, setting up tasks, using reminder apps, and ad blockers worked for me when I was learning remotely. Blueberries, eggs, salmon, and especially walnuts, are usually foods recommend to eat during test prep for big tests like the MCAT since they help boost memory and concentration.
Ok that part with all the voices going at once is waaaaaay to relatable.
ADHD (derogatory)
3:55 skip nordvpn
i also have adhd but i take dexmethylpenida (yes long name) to fix it and it works! (maybe you should try it to see if it works)
God i was about to book a doctor's appointment because off my resent lack off focus in school. Like even when I'm on meds (in this case those meds are Ritalin) I loose focus sometimes. And it's sooo annoying. A good example off that was that I almost forgot to book the appointment because I started whatshing YouTube instead how fun  butt this video sort off in a weard way reminded me off sett task so
Pre-watching the video I shall just say this, I was diagnosed when I was like 6 years old, my dad had it, my uncle had it, and my grandfather had it, it was common in my family and I showed all the symptoms so I was diagnosed and have been on medication for long as I can really remember and upped the dosage over time, I am currently on I think 25 ml and am a freshman in high school. And now, let's see what your experience was.   Edit: alright, watched the video, the medicine I'm taking is Dexmetholphinidate (it sounds like that but maybe isn't spelled that way idk) just like, if you wanna try what worked for me. Best of luck figuring it all out!
Also, the one who creates man literally disturbingly peels of the very two beings of that person, which they now replaced wear with black matter of toxic and torment into their new body skin…..like that man just peels it full force….and just glued it with his “NOSTRILS!!!”. I mean that is punishment for people who at the knowledge apple from an ancient tree!!!.
From my personal experience, if you made it this far un medicated, it’s better to stay that way. I was medicated since 4th grade, and I learned how to exist with the meds, but the job i currently work in requires no “mind altering” medication. Learning to exist without them sucked, because I never learned how to cope without the meds.
Hey man I love you and you are doing great work. But if you up the volujme  a little bit mopre than the video will be more enjoyable
This sounds like a literal dream. Like, I feel like I have a list of things that need doing and the brain spins the wheel and wherever it lands has an INEXPLICABLE pull. With one small caveat- it CANNOT land on whatever I need to do the most until it's ABSOLUTELY CRUCIAL to do and even that is not guaranteed.   I recently started taking meds, but not directly for ADHD (it's a complicated situation where my country doesn't recognize ADHD, especially in adults and there are no meds but even if there are meds you have to be prescribed which is difficult since it's not a diagnosis and also they cost a kidney and a half which is difficult to afford during a military invasion) which a psychiatrist I know had sent me as they were decommissioned in their hospital and they know I have ADHD and really struggle with it. They're antidepressants, but with side-effects that might help. We're still experimenting with dosage, but rn not only do I suffer from executive disfunction- I also don't care, which means I can't use my anxiety to fuel productivity. 🤡
why this video so quiet though
As someone with ADHD, my meds work well but they have a very annoying side effect when you already don’t eat enough : it straight up deletes my appetite and makes me feel full too fast. 2 bites of a sandwich should never fill me up and that’s a problem. It gets to the point where I need to take “refeed days” where I don’t take my meds and eat as much as possible
thanks to ritalin I didn't forgot to unsubscribe 👍
Adhd with meds is just like adhd without meds but you can be bothered to do stuff
Methylphenidate hydrochloride is simultaneously the best and worst thing that ever happened to me
it do be like that
I have ADHD to but I learned to harness it and use it to my advantage for the most part without meds. I had a completely different reaction to adderal though it made me feel like crap and depressed, so glad I'm off of it.
Here’s the answer for that problem….just literally experienced until you die….that is literally how nature works…bro I saw people want to do that because he knows he will die and he will promise and accept that he will die because that is what the world wants…people want you to know the task and they want you to put effort to it like carry an anvil while answering the most question that can make you think life is scary…..I mean I torture myself like put a guillotine onto my neck, resting back while answering a simple question on cross word…. And what do you know, if you feel like risking it for your life means purpose….then “GERONIMO IT!!!!!! DO NOT CARE ABOUT RIDICULOUS EXCUSES AND DENIALS SYSTEMS YOUR BRAIN!!!!! YOU JUST PUT YOUR HAND INTO THE MEAT GRIND AND GET USE TO TRAUMA FOR ETERNAL!!!! IF DEATH SEES THAT YOU ACCEPT DEATH, IT MEANS IT MAKES A FRIEND TO YOU!!!! I MEAN IF YOU DIED, YOU DIE WITH ALL THE TRAUMAS OF THE WORLD YOU COMMIT!!!! DEATH KNOWS YOUR ACTIONS, AND HE KNOWS IT WITH NO FLESH!!!”. just get use it and if a person punishes you because you fail, just eat the trauma, because you were spoilllllllllled in life!!!! Know wonder why you cannot achieve even the smallest and simple task, you don’t feel deaths aura of asking you to struggle. That is how life works, also your king has checkmate by the knight and a few thick bishop.😂😂😂😂
Instead of a stimulant you might need a nonstimulant
Honestly ADHD gets better as you get older. The hyperactivity part slowly fizzles out and you kinda learn to control your impulses and stuff. I have it too :)
I LOVE YOUR VIDS WHEN I SAY THIS I HAD TO WATCH IT ALL
This is essentially my entire experience, I also stopped taking my meds without consulting anyone lol
Bro finally posted a new vid Les goo
I have ADHD most likely but have not been diagnosed. I suspect I have the attentive type because I hyper focus into things(sort of like you second medication). This can be a problem for me, but over the course of my life I have learned to HARNESS THE POWER! 🧿and get things done. I probably will not take any medication because I have learned to control what  draws my attentio at the time. Thank you for making these videos, my family loves to watch them as well and we have been waiting patiently for a video release. I know life gets in the way of YouTube a lot so take your time on the next video. Can’t wait to see it!😁
Man i feel you, i was diagnised when i was about 3 (17 now),  i have several diagnosis, one of them clinical or chronic depression idk what its called in english im sorry, im unable to sleep properly and with some schedule without meds, theres a few more things but those are unimportant. Anywazs, i took 7 different medications throughout my life, some were bad, some worse, i even started abusing ritalin for a few months when i was freshly 16, im a year and something clean off it thank god. In short, meds completely ruined my life, o could have been a relatively normal kid with just the inability to focus, but instead im an extremely paranoid individual, i cant sleep, my world view is completely wrong and broken, and not only i got the normal symptoms of umedicated ADHD, i now feel extreme resentment towards the whole psychiatrist and pharma community/people, which on one hand i know is wrong and that i desperately need help and therapy, but on the other hand makes me incapable of talking to anyone let alone open myself to psychiatrists and other people. I know im fricked, but i cant bring myself to speak to anyone or do something. My childhood and a few suic!de attempts definitely didnt help it. If it wasnt enough, one of the meds i took as a child TO BE ABLE TO SLEEP MORE THAN 2 HOURS A DAY AS A 7 YEAR OLD made me obese,, i finally shed the extra weight off when i was around 16, just for me to get a nasty broken ankle a month and a half back and gain all of that weight back. So now im not only broken mentally, im ugly and fat again with the inability of doing the one thing (muay thai) that kept me sane for the past year. Im just tired, i cant go like this anymore. Anyone have any advice? Im sorry for my english btw. Have a good day everyone, if ur going thru something, i hope it gets better. See ya
Cream Sandwich, this video made 3,288 US teens self-diagnose themselves with ADHD.
Fellow late diagnosis ADHD-er here. Long post but stay with me because I identify with a lot of the struggles and funny relatable ADHD quirks you mentioned.  I have been taking the british pharmaceutical equivalent to vyvanse for a year now and although I have found it works for me with minimal side effects I would encourage you to not give up because it is a long road but a worthwhile one to find the medication that works for you.   Also worth mentioning, some of the best advice I got from my psychiatrist when starting the meds was to shift my expectations of what the drug can do for me from “This is the miracle drug that will fix all of my problems so I can finally fUnCtioN nOrMaLLy” to “This drug is simply a tool that can and should be used to help develop habits and discipline over time”. I know that may seem generic or obvious looking back on it but that really helped me stop thinking in terms of some days were wins and others as failures. It is still hard but I now am able to make a realistic plan for my week-to-week work schedule that also accounts for the low unproductive or wacky goofing off days while still overall feeling proud or fulfilled by the end of the week. All because I have realised that is just how my brain is hardwired and that doesn’t make me a failure.  Anyways much love and support to you from an online stranger and thanks for making this video. Creators speaking up and talking about these things on their platform makes communities of people feel less alone. So thaaaaaaanks👌🏻
The thing with taking medications is that it also has soemthing to do with psycology. ur mind will say "I just took a medication, that means I'll heal faster" then u will feel like time will pass by faster.  Not just medications tho... For example, ur grandma puts an onion in ur sock to "help" cure ur sickness. If you believe this, then you will actually heal faster cuz ur brain thinks that putting onions in ur socks helps.  Its kinda hard to explain lol
this video is very quiet
The little you's discussing in your brain is exactly what my brain with no medication was like Bless ADHD medication I love how everyone seen to discover to have ADHD  LATER in life, and not when we were children Haha our parents suck
I feel like am Close to ADHD, But also able to both thinking ideas and focus on tasks Like When I’m drawing, I want to consume multiple media sources  Drawing on laptop, listening to music on phone, yet also listening to People Streaming/ podcast  And I constantly need something to play with or listening to. And if I don’t have multiple sources for me to consume, My brain would create idea and scenarios to “entertain” itself   Yet I’m able to focus on 6~7 tasks AND finish them simultaneously, also being capable to sit down and FOCUS (just a bit painful sometimes) Is this possible? I started having these symptoms at college, I don’t know if its ADHD or just anxiety issues
im glad im not the only one who jokes about Adderall being low key meth xD
I already unsubscribed, thanks You so much
I take Vyvanse, the way you explained it is very accurate.
I remember needing medication for adhd. I really hated the apatite supression, and depression. So I just sort of quit when covid came down, and figured out how to cope with distractions while at the same time my adhd started getting better because that is a thing that can happen with age.
Rhodiola has helped me a lot and it's more of an herbal alternative.
1:20 This made me laugh because I have ADHD, and I am just like that lmao
Is it appropriate for me to say Icecream sandwich got diagnosed with cool guy syndrome and now takes adderall   If you get the reference, then you get the reference
Something I do to overcome my lack of focus is making a list of everything I need to do, then organizing them by priority (hardest task first). This might not help the lack of focus you have in the moment, but it gives you a place to start
The fact they started you on Adderall is wild.
This is factual, methylphenidate sucks and Concerta is weird, aderol is fine though
What am i even going to do with my life anyway
DO AS THE MAN SAYS AND UNSUBSCRIBE!😉
I was diagnosed when I was little. Like...1st-2nd grade little. They put me on an initial dose of 20mg of Adderall XR....bad...very very bad. I still had a lot of side effects after I was adjusted to 5mg twice a day. Lack of appetite, irritability, bad sleep, and occasional bouts of shakiness. I had to take it through most of my school years to get by. I did try a couple others and all of them were just as bad for me. I eventually stopped taking it after a year or two of high-school and never looked back. I have to fight against it a lot but it is better than feeling depressed and angry at everything
Is it just me or is it weird that the cow videos song is about drugs?
Really hate to see the "Adderall is basically meth" comparison. It's entirely uninformed. People say that because they're chemically similar, but so are testosterone and estrogen, and nobody would say that a doping bodybuilder is basically taking estrogen.
I’ve actually taken concerta for like almost 10 years now and it has helped a lot. It used to make me not want to eat a lot, but now that I’m older, I have no problem with it.   I just think meds give you more control over your focus, as in: if you’re consuming 3 types of entertainment at the same time and you want to so something else, the meds will actually “help” with the willpower to do what your clear mind wants to do and not just follow dopamine around (:
It’s almost like you can’t solve ADHD with meds alone. Huh. Who’s have thought.
cream, your voice sounds so small you should shout for the entire video in your next video. so see you in 2 years
My medication takes my humanity and confidence ,i hate it but it works for school ,i hate school  So it's the exact opposite than what you had with Adderall i can do math like a pro but i can't do ...human stuff
Yep, Vyvanse will do that to you... Been on that stuff for over a decade and HOO BOY, BEING OFF YOUR MEDS AND WAITING FOR YOUR NEXT PRESCRIPTION IS NOT FUN.
I immediately said oh no when I heard vivance
Holy audio is so quiet lol
1:26 I felt that-
I love your storytelling. You're good at it!
"Drugs..."
Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam, w krainę zapomnienia, w głowie myśli mam, kiedy skończy się ten stan, gdy już nie będę sam, bo wiedzie biały węgorz🐄
Ehm. Talking about tasks and being distracted... your videos are an amazing distraction 😂 I have a list like yours in this video every week. Well. I guess, I'm going to start task A now... or B... or maybe C, because I don't like A and B. 🥲
I have the luxury of free time and free money at the moment, but i am pretty sure i have ADHD, i've never visited any doctors about this, nor did i take any meds, but it feels to me as though ADHD is the Normal state of mind or whatever, because limiting your ability to view, know, cognize the world seems pretty dumb, I understand like that if i would have a definitive task that would be needed to be done i would probably like to be able to focus on it, and don't get "distracted" but at the same time when i do get "distracted" i usually just try to get more educated on the task, and trying to do it to the best of my ability, and if meds would lessen my ability to disperse, scatter my attention, and prioritize equally each aspect of the task. Also it's like it seems pretty managable to manneuvre and manage my attention, yes, of course it's difficult, but that because nothing at all is simple. Like, for example: Is getting out of bed simple? Yes, if you won't mind not minding your life each day you wake up? Motivation, overall, is pretty difficult, especially in this crazy advanced world when anything you see is technically so insanely complicated( be it your instant coffee  or your uniform majestic bedsheets).People who function most of the time just don't need daily or in some cases at all any motivation or reason to do things, i don't mean to lessen their value, but pretty much straightforward the more you struggle --the more you think, even if result iseems feeble.
I tried Vyvanse too and started getting crazy headaches from it, so I was switched to Concerta and it worked better
The problem with medication for me was I had trouble sleeping, so it would help me focus, but then I couldn't focus because I was tired. I still have problems, but things are mostly under control. I still have trouble starting new tasks and I will forget what I'm supposed to be doing if something else pops up for me to deal with.
go back to Italy again so you can be interesting, don't waste more of my time with this tiktok disorder
okay so i have adhd and I never taken meds for about 7years so why I not stop taking meds like he said?
I feel you on the "focusing on the wrong thing". But you also must take into account there isnt a very well defined boundary around the "wrong" thing. Years ago I was doing the "wrong" thing by learning to code instead of doing my school homework. That led me to getting a Computer Science degree, and to knowing that that is what I wanted to do way earlier than my peers. I also used to watch a lot of videos which were the "wrong" thing to do. But I was watching them in English, so I quickly learnt English on my own (I'm from a non-English speaking country). In college, I was doing the "wrong" thing by reading scientific papers on AI instead of studying for some classes. That led me to start working at a company doing AI research way earlier than my peers.  You do need to use judgement when doing the "wrong" thing.
its like having a twitch chat in your brain
I'm on medication for dp/dr (depersonalization/derealization). Again it's not an easy decision to try meds but for my issues meds alone aren't gonna fix my problems - I need to work them out with therapy. I'm on paxil with lamictal and while it helps the root issue of dissociating it kind of turns all of my surroundings into mush... Like all emotions seem flattened.
Bro I’m 12 and taking 20 grams of adoral a day because of adhd but all it does is make me focus more on like math and all my classes and it wears of after school which is 8 hours
OMG I FORGET PEAPLES NAMES TOOO. HE IS JUST LIKE ME FOR REAL. anyway, time to start taking pills too then wohooooo
4:42 Vyvanse is also "meth" if Adderall is meth (they're not.) Lisdexamfetamine is a pro-drug of amphetamine (in fact, by itself it is not even active,) when it is metabolized by your liver what is left in your bloodstream is amphetamine (the same thing in Adderall but just not in a salted form.)
EEEE ICERAMSANEWICH UPLOAD YEAAAAAAAAAH
Cant even do anything about the irony that I'm sitting here unmedicated, trying to both eat and play a game whilst watching this video and type this comment too now at the same time, because I have to be doing everything all at once   Im currently over halfway through my diagnosis in hopes to get some medication and manage this condition, because functioning like a regular human being is so damn hard for me and im sick fcking things up because of it
I have meds that work, but...they're so expensive that I can't buy them, so...I just exist with my ADHD
Omg Polish depressed cow
So an important thing I learned is that many medications have slow release, fast release, and sustained release as well as different windows to take them. It took 2 years to find what works for me. I tried different dosages of Adderall and different release amounts. Escitalopram  However this would kill my spouse whose body does not like Adderall. They instead needs 1 slow release of Ritalin. Fast release hits them like a truck and mixes poorly with their depression and PTSD. They tried 3 different meds and many different types of release. Sadly pregnancy and breast feeding prevents them from taking their desired meds, but now that our kid is old enough we are hoping to start back up...WHEN THE NATIONAL SHORTAGE ENDS...
I have ADHD and I can definitely relate to the trouble of finding the prefect medication. 😑It's annoying
Even though I don't think I have adhd, 2:22 is so fucking relatable. Like, yesterday I only had ONE task, yet I finished it at 11 pm + knowledge on: Franz Liszt's life, Oncial scripture, Fraktur-Antiqua dispute, long s, r rotunda, tironian et, ampersand, Igor Stravinsky and neoclassicism in music.
Currently have atomoxetine, after a decade of 2 amphetamines a day. Seems to work fine, but be warned, according to my cardiologist, taking ritalin for sustained periods like that can and will have adverse effects on your health. In my case, we suspect it.was the underlying cause of my POTS.
methylphenidate works for me
I take vyvanse
What's the silly cow song?
I used to take adhd meds and all of them either had bad side affects or didn't seem to help much. Now I take methylassist which was recommended by my doctor. Its basically just b12 vitamin supplement and its effects are pretty mild. I think it helps cause at one point i couldn't maintain a conversation for more than a minute.
very very interesting
the first time i have ever been sad someone didnt have a sponser
idk i take Retalin and it just makes me not get distracted. this could be what you need but im the last person to give you a perscription lol
i have ADHD and It is STILL NOT FIXED.
ADHD blows. I used to take Daytrana, which was a patch on your hip that injected you with the good meth (lol), but they stopped making it and now I take Vyvanse and that shit helps out a LOT.   PSA: get a Vyvanse savings card if you don’t have one. Makes your vyvanse 30 dollars, and you only have to put in your basic information, no insurance as far as I know.  DOUBLE PSA: if you take Vyvanse, and any medication, it is a stimulant and you will have moments where your heart rate spikes like a motherfucker, even when you’re at rest. You’ll also need to start taking sleep meds or you will NOT be able to sleep. Basically, after a while, you’ll get pretty good at controlling your heart rate to an extent
This audio sound level is significantly quieter than most other youtube videos I have found.  Just an FYI
Fuk  I legit got distracted by the cow twice  I should get checked :|
i was distracted while watching this video
Focalin makes you focus for fun. Wheeeeeee
7:50 this is my favorite outro now
The medicin that I am taking for my ADHD is intuniv which helps me focus on things that needs to be done.
Also as someone who struggles with ADHD I have been taking intuitive I think😂 I can’t remember exactly how it’s spelled but it’s a good medium but you still have to kind of force yourself to do stuff or focus
Btw, next time you want to stop the medication and your doc is out just call a pharmacist and ask them how to do it and they will typically walk you through stopping it safely.
SAME I would feel so strange no matter what medicine I was on I guess people saw change in me but I didn't like the way I felt so my ADHD and other tests about my mental are stronger than medicine can handle
i personally take adderal and it works for me mostly like you said: if i have to sit still in class and write down notes it works, but if i then have to make hw at home it dont work :(. Im still trying to find nonmedication related things to help with that. P.S. one thing that sometimes helps if im not too lazy to do it is to go to different places to do work, i feel like it works because youre not sitting in the same setting all the time, also dont work in your room, thats the relaxation space not the work space
I am watching this video instead of taking my meds currently... I should probably take care of that...
i took concerta (basically ritalin but long release) during all of my mdidle and high school and it made me lose my appetite, become overly anxious, have a sense of doom and other bad things. I oculdnt switch to any other medication because none others that were trialled worked for me, or had similar reactions. I would often space out and not be able to speak - all similar to taking methamphetamines... which is basically what concerta is. it was miserable, and during the last exam block I was in paint. I never ate so i would fluctuate massively in weight. i never brought lunch to school with me and I was  always the kid who would sit there with nothing to eat when around my friends.  thats how bad adhd can get. but I tell you what, it was an experience. going into my law degree im not taking the medication any more and I hope i dont need to.
Give strattera a try! It's a non-stimulant and it prevents hyper focus but will allow you to focus like a normal person. I've been taking it for years. The only side effect I have ever encountered is loss of appetite. With a proper diet, you'll be fine
I'm on Adderall and 80% it works and helps me in school and the other 20% is me hyperfocusing on something and Adderall helps me stay in that hyperfocus moment for hours and nothing gets done 🥲
4:21 increasing the dose might have helped
The link between adderall and physical tasks holy shit yeah
I got SEVERE ADHD and I'm on Concerta and it's worked amazingly from day 1. Life used to be hard and now it feels like I've leveled up to a point where everything is at a normal difficulty. I used to only be able to work on something for like 2 hours max and then I just couldn't anymore but now I've worked for 6-7 hours a day and it's SO COOL! I'm really lucky that Concerta was the first med I used. Specifically it's "methylphenidate sandoz" that's been working great for me, Regular Concerta didn't do anything lol. I recommend trying meds again cause I honestly just hate being off meds since it's like living life on hard mode again.
finally ice cream sandwich made another video
I CAN'T TAKE MEDS I'LL LOSE MY ✨𝕊𝕡𝕒𝕣𝕜𝕝𝕖✨
❤️ I feel less alone thank you
i have innatentive adhd. i take dexamphetamines for it and its a rollercoaster, my emotions shoot up and shoot down, im never hungry and instead of being focused in actualy learning and doing school, im just trying to hurry up and get done. when im off my meds im happy and im eating healthily. the annoying part is that i typically need to be on the meds or ill get nothing done. adhd isnt all terrible though, for me its sort of relaxing to have my mind get carried away. (when im no doing work of course)
i have adhd and idk if i should be mad about it or not
So I’m assuming the but comment was either ADHD or the intrusive thoughts winning
That Mario Party 6 music really hit different. Thanks NordVPN
Unfortunately, adhd has no cure, ya gotta learn to live with it.
dont you give me that finger! 5:50
As someone with extreme ADHD, i'ont wanna lose it, its what makes me different
Hahahah.     Oh
Skip that go right to arson
have adhd, been on adderall for about a year now, the description of adderall is super accurate; i’m getting a lot of things done, but only if there’s not much thinking involved. i have to push myself to start tasks that require more than a few ounces of brainpower, but once i start and get into the groove of things, it’s not that hard for me to finish
This is pretty much exactly what happened to me. I have had symptoms my whole life and it got so bad that I just had to talk to a doctor about it. I got put on ridalin, which literally did nothing. I doubled the dose (with doctor’s orders) and still nothing happened. I had some people tell me it was counteracting my anti-depression meds, and just wouldn’t work. So now I am off it, but still have symptoms YAY
This is funnny:)
I have something similar to ADHD, It's called Asperger's syndrome, basically, a little higher average IQ with some extra knowledge. Apart from that, it is very similar and has overlapping symptoms with ADHD, Aspergers was also merged into the ASD, i have been diagnosed around autumn of 2022 and since then have started treatment   I 100% agree with the symptoms and side-effects of medication that he described  Finally it's nice that i and many others get to know pepole with Same/Similar conditions
This is my brain:D
SERIOUS PSA: IF THE MEDS ARE MAKING YOU FEEL BAD *STOP* TAKING THEM It’s not a bad thing to do, you won’t die or anything, please don’t feel pressured to continue taking medication you don’t feel is working
Also why isn't there wobble cats? :/
I have meds called Medikinet MR 30mg. idk if there are in other countrys but it kinda works sometimes
So one solution I know I've been meaning to try is a tiny amount of Adderall and then extended release, cause people say that gives you the focus and the follow through.
I know how tough it is to have ADHD!😢
ADHD gives me the ability to complete an assignment that should take one week in the span on two days :D not as pleasant as it sounds tho
My experience hasn't been the best with ADHD meds when I was younger and therapy didn't really do much either
Can you play wobble dogs?  :)
My biggest struggle with taking my meds is to take them DAILY. It’s impossible for me to take them every morning bc I either forget about them or I wake up late and then can’t them. And it’s been like that for months now! I tried everything (putting my meds next to me with a bottle of water, I used to set an alarm to take my meds too but none of these tips worked) and I still go months without medication bc at that point I just totally forget about them. However I know it can be dangerous to suddenly go off meds but I just don’t know what to do atp
I think with all ADHD meds it's important to know, that they will not magically *fix* you. Ideally they will make the symptoms more manageable, but you still have a brain disorder. You'll still need a bunch of strategies to work around or with your brain and it's still a lot more complicated for us than it is for neurotypicals.  I started out with Retalin, which had absolutely no effect on me. I got the side effects, lost a lot of weight, but gained no plus in focus or less noise in my head. I'm now taking Elvanse (the European/German version of Vyvanse) and I think it's helping (?). The effect is not as strong for me as you describe it, but I have an easier time following myself at work (without meds I sometimes just do stuff and later have no idea what that was) and reading papers and that stuff. It's not ideal, I still get distracted easily, I start a task, and then another one, and another one... But I am able to keep an overview over all of it.   TL;DR: Meds are not a miracle cure, but they can be very helpful and sometimes it takes a bit of trial and error to find your brand
Are you diagnosed? I assume not.
Is the shortness of breath cause you’re forgetting to breath? I got diagnosed recently and found myself holding my breath when focusing a lot😅
Since meds didn’t work out for you behavioral therapy is an option and it’s supposed to be really helpful
when i was younger and taking Vyvanse I ran into the same problem as you and  I found my solution was take the meds on the 5 work days of a week and dont take em on weekends
Since you're not on meds rn this is a really random suggestion that probably won't float to the top of the comments but:  I've always found it much easier to concentrate on what I'm doing when I talk to myself out loud about it- it sort of prevents me from developing multiple overlapping mental narratives before I realize they're completely off topic. Also, when you're talking to yourself about something you need to be aware of (like driving) it encourages you to look for more things you need to pay attention to because you want to continue your conversation w/yourself. Bonus: you feel like a five year old and get to grasp at your fleeting youth  Please note I don't have ADHD (probably) and I'm not suggesting this as some sort of "cure" but it's helped me a lot when I get distracted so I thought I might as well share
I feel you brother. I've been through seven different medications, and I've recently stopped taking medication entirely because of my horrible experience with Vyvanse. It would help me focus, sure, but the negative side effects I felt were overbearing. I know they say ADHD is unique to each person affected by it, but for once I could truly relate to an ICS video. He described my experience perfectly. Sure, I still have major focus issues, but it's a lot better than purposefully handicapping myself for an extra hour or two of productivity.
Think about the fact that you are only doing things that make you happy. When you are doing something, if you know there is something more "fun" try to make yourself do that. Because you not having fun no more, cause you missing out on all the fun.  But I'm doing smart things to do because I ask "God" pay for them with fun in my head. Cause only fun matters anyway. Enjoy hating yourself, I mean hoping to have the most fun life with a robot brain hihi
Sounds like maybe you had too high of a dose of vivanse? I take ritalin and I'm not sure if that works the same but for me it has pretty much the effect you describe but less so. So I do have moments I get really focused on the wrong thing but it's not like all day
Funny dancy cow’!!!!😂😂😂
soooo good Videos  i love hdhd themed videos
Maybe you could even use a site blocker that you know you don't need.   And different browsers for different tasks. As far as I know you don't have school so yeah.
See I take citalopram, It’s good because it makes me less sad but bad because it makes me really fucking tired.
I dont even want to try to imagine how bad u felt there holy moly
I just realized that I may have an ADHD, damn. I watched your video this morning (and it's awesome btw) and then went to do my things. I'm currently unemployed, so I'm trying to find a decent job. I was looking through some things and then the next thing I know I'm suddenly studying the difference between cigars and cigarettes and how it can damage my health (and I'm not even smoking!). I was so invested for about an hour and it was so random, I remembered this video 🙃    I can't do other things properly (like cleaning the house or simply caring for myself) cuz I keep thinking that I'm unemployed, but I also can't focus on finding a job because of anxiety 😫 it's a damn circle
Adderall worked with me for a little, but it made anger management difficult.  So after trying like, 4 or 5 meds, I landed on Wellbutrin.  If you have ADHD and anger management issues, I highly recommend asking your doctor about it
I remember my lovely trip with Vivance, i had been given it in highschool and the way you described it was pretty on point. I could focus but not on the thing they wanted me to in class, r.i.p. first period math. I was already an insomniac but somehow was sleeping EVEN LESS. I dropped a severe amount of weight and for someone who was already underweight for her body type it was noticeable. So were the full lunchbags i would bring home because i took lunch everyday save for the drink because I had constant cotton mouth that lead me to constantly lick my lips. My mom to this day calls it my adventures with m-th because i looked like a starving tweaker.  Meds ended up not working for me, and i gave up and instead just attempt to parent mentally myself into doing mandatory tasks whether it be through stern-ness or turning it into something my brain would want to do through 'task reality warping.'  Still can't hide it well though. Adults older than me tend to notice and when they verbally point it out it kinda irks me because it's like 'sshhh don't tell the others they think i have sh-t together! You're just imagining things!'
Another hilarious video, good job.XD And I feel this so much. 😭I probably need some meds myself.
The song in the beginning is abt dr. 0g. s
POLISH COW POLISH COW POLISH COW POLISH COW POLSISH COW POLISG COW POLCISH COE
In some cases caffeine helps a little. ADHD medications are typically stimulants and caffeine fits that bill. Unfortunately it's not very common that caffeine works this way but i'd say it's worth a shot.
I unsubscribed. What now?
It took a while of trying new meds every few weeks/months  to find the one that worked best for me. And it’s not an ‘off’ switch for adhd, but it helps.   To anyone with adhd that might be reading this, medicine won’t give you superpowers, but it might give you what you need to get ahead. And always remember to work with the adhd, not against it. Its domain is the brain. To attack it is to attack yourself.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram odlecieć sam W krainę za zapomnienia W głowie myśli mam Kiedy skończy się ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Bo wjedzie biały węgorz
As someone with adhd I’ve never been medicated because it could change your personality
I got diagnosed very late and put on first methylphenidate, then dexamphetamines. both causes way to rigid thought patterns, i couldnt eat and my paranoia was through the roof. im gonna try intuniv next, but honestly a lot of substances work even if they arent prescribed for adhd. small doses of weed, alkohol, weak opiates ect actually helps me focus cuz im not super bored so its easier to stay on topic. LSD and mushrooms work even better but in very tiny doses, to bad the fascists in power have to control what i put in my body.
I actually Vyvanse, but it works for me.  The meds act differently depending on the individual. The first met I had was Ritalin but made it worse.  Then I had Adderall and it worked for a while and now I have been on Vyvanse and it works!
I have an insane amount of adhd
alriiiight im gona follow your advice on that one... unsubscribing... wait is that a butterfly on my monitor?
This is the most relatable thing I’ve ever seen, the part about focusing on the wrong stuff with vyvanse
Im taking meds for anxiety but it doesn’t work and just make me lazy and hard to sleep but I don’t have enough money to see my therapist 😀
your videos make me feel better.
I take Adderall for both ADHD and chronic fatigue from POTS (was prescribed for the POTS but it works out for both.. sorta). I take it while barely awake, go back to sleep for about an hour, then once it kicks in I'm usually able to wake up! otherwise I can sleep endlessly (up to 24hrs once)  So the Adderall is pretty great aside from the huge crashes after it fades off lmao. I was prescribed vyvance, but my NP said to wait if it's too expensive, and it's too expensive lol rip. So we're gonna figure something out
Had the exact same experience with Vyvanse. Ugh. The dizzy spells, the hyper-focus... Not to mention I was taking it alongside Strattera. I was a teen at the time at I kept telling my psych that I felt physically ill on these meds, that they weren't working for me and that I couldn't shift my focus when need be. But I was ignored. They wouldn't lower the dosage or change the pills.   Soooo I started spitting them out.   Best decision of my life.
I was on ritalin and concerta a couple times, after 3 or 4 days I dont get focused anymore and I get the worst comedowns
AMONG US!!!
that dancing cow song doesnt mean what you think it means.
Yo I got a suggestion. Ritalin is like vyvanse but not as strong. Also the side effects of vyvanse are crazy. I get constant dry throat and head aches on occasions. Ritalin is similar but won't be as strong so that might work.
Check your heartrate when the out of breath thing happens. That happened to me once and good god my heartrate jumped to 150 and that's why I was out of breath.
Please drop more videos
My focolin helps with in brain but it makes me less hungry.
I watched this video as it came out. I decided to go back and do some research again for getting diagnosed and medicated here in my country. Through a post in reddit, I found a doctor that seemed good. Only to find out that it's the same doctor my sister just spoke to earlier for her autism... So yeah. Series of coincidence started by you publishing this video tday.
ok I forgot to unsubscribe but I will do it this- :O A BUTTERFLY
Hey my man I have 80hd
THE NAIL IN THE LAPTOP LMAO
just unsubscribed, thx for the tip
Did you try smaller or bigger doses at all?  Also to get the “do the thing” juice and “think good” juice, I take Guanfacine. Don’t know if that’s a brand name but eh
"SYMPTOMS"
YEAaAASSsSss finalyyy!!!!!!! Also i have ADHD :D
Let me tell you it’s annoying medicated or not
i think i have adhd still
Hey, this video is extreeemely quiet.
I also take vyvance for adhd. Luckily, my only side effect is the inability to eat lunch.
I stoped taking mess since i was 6 or 7 and i has learned to control the adhd at school, but not at home
the fact I kept missing things and had to rewind because the polish cow meme kept playing in my head while I was also trying to muster up the motivation to take this already flavorless gum out of my mouth is just painfully on point
Justice for Compy
yo con 15 gramos de Concerta y Rubifen mas duro que mi abuela: tráiganme al diablo 🥵🥵
Real
I have ADD and took Ritalin, weeeeelllll that ended in depression, so I stopped taking it and everything went back to normal. Now a few years later I am taking it again and have no problems.
I don't agree with the reasoning, but adderall is just as much "meth" as vyvanse is. They're both amphetamine. The difference is an amino acid, L-lysine, on the vyvanse that the body slowly cleaves off, "activating" the amphetamine evenly over a prolonged duration. You're still under the influence of the same drug. (also different is the ratio of left to right-handed enantiomers, not relevant to this discussion though)
is it just me or the voume is too low
I've got ADHD. Tried multiple things over the years. My side affects are lack of appetite, and occasional nausea. But I found work around. Like I eat breakfast before meds kick in, and I keep some tums chews on me at all times. But if medication isn't for you, and it's not for everyone, I'd recommend trying CBD if it is legal where you live. Now it's not weed. It is the thing in weed that makes you calm, but without the stuff that makes you high. I use CBD if I need to focus on something like paperwork after my meds wear off. But a 20mg gummy only lasts for about an hour for me, so it has its own drawbacks.
Alright boys you heard him ( Unsubscribes )
potato yey
Adhd has made me look like a fool and ruined my life. I'm on the verge of homelessness
I take Focalin, but the problem is, when it starts to wear off, you start to get really really really REALLY out of sorts and depressed, not to mention it works as an appetite suppressant, so when it wears off you might as well be going from refusing a pizza, to eating the entire pizzeria.
It took so long between the last ADHD video and this one that in the time between those videos I was able to get medicated myself!  Don't give up your search, ICS. You listed 2 of the most famous medications on the market but there is a TON of different meds out there. I first tried adderall and when I did, it induced depressive moods in me. Not great for getting motivation to to tasks, and seemed weird that the #1 amphetamine on the market did that to me, but hey that's just how drugs work.  I ended up comfortable with Dexedrine, but you need to find what works for YOU. There are hundreds of options. Don't just take whatever name sounds the most familiar to you.  Also, the whole "meth" stereotype is a really bad take and you shouldn't listen to it. None of the amphetamines on the market are METHamphetamines. Much like adding sodium and chlorine creates table salt, it's the WHOLE chemical combination that turns it into what it is, meth. ALSO also, amphetamines straight up don't work on people with ADHD the same way it does with a neurotypical person. It doesn't turn us into tweakers, it just brings us up to normal. Look up stories online of people with ADHD trying cocaine for the first time. It's fascinating to read about so many people snorting the stuff and just saying "what's the big deal? I just feel a bit more normal." That's because (as depicted in the video) our dopamine receptors are so desiccated that forcing them open yields as much as the average person gets normally.
z
*ADHD= "Distractible"*  sums up ADHD perfectly! 😆
Something most people don't know about adhd medication that's really crucial it's the *time in which you take said medication* . Your brain has dopamine to reinforce it's neural pathways of behavior and every time you introduce dopamine before a task you don't like doing you train your brain to do that thing more easily. This step is crucial in medicating of adhd.
TEAM CONCERTA 👍👍👍 YEEEAAAAH 36 MG BABBYYYY. Seriously tho it’s very good. It helps with anxiety and ADHD at the same time. So instead of yelling at your brain it more calms it and then directs it. As someone who is in school, you can math and do basic physical assignments.
fr
I don’t know how it works with other people and with different meds(I take vyvanse) but I sometimes need to stop taking the meds for a short period of time just because they start having too much of an affect e.g. I will start hyper focusing on getting something perfect at work whereas I should just be getting the job done.
This makes me very crticial of the US Healthcare system.  And I've experienced it! From both within and without.
I learned this year that i dont have adhd but i have some of the symptoms
ADHD is an amazing curse/blessing. i got diagnosed on my 22th and never really knew i had it. i noticed i was different than other kids but didnt know why. im also getting distracted by anything that moves. but when you are riding your bike or taking a stroll it makes you notice the little things like this butterfly that hit a bee mid air or stuff like that which you generally never notice. i got prescribed ritalin. after trying it i felt hollow. as if all those guys in your head suddenly start working as if that pill in your video is wiping them. so i as able to focus, no longer distracted and a general sense of rest in your head. but as i used it i also felt like a part of me was missing. i started to miss the chaos in my head and i felt like i was moving around as a soulless husk or robot just doing my things. i quit the medicines aswell and i never tried anything else. it made me realise i have alot of advantage of it aswell and im just trying to live it.
as someone who was recently dignosed around when your adhd video came out and has been struggling with finding the right meds, i have been HIGLY anticipating this video, and I'm so happy its finally out!
*casually unsubscribes* (Jk)
Where's AD 4k?
It's weard they didn't start you with ritalin, since that is the single most researched and oldest therefore longest tested medication They also didn't give you medikinet which is the second most researched and tested one. So yeah, strange order.
As a person with ADHD this is relatable as hell and I find myself mad at doctors a lot for not being able to find a medication that works and I've tried everything on the market the last one I took was Vyvanse but I couldn't stand the side effects anymore so I ended up just stopping taking them
My medication it experience wasn’t with ADHD, but depression. It took almost two years and dozens of different kinds and dosages to find what worked for me and kept me stable. Mental health and medication is so difficult and it sucks, but when you find something that works, it feels worth it
This is actually really interesting! I currently am not diagnosed with ADHD but I've done the research, and I have the symptoms. I just currently don't have a way to get diagnosed. But either way, it's cool to hear someone's experience with ADHD! Also, I like your ads! I like how you actually animate your ads and make them funny! I watch them every time!
Maybe you just have a ton of energy and there’s nothing wrong with you. If you want to focus more try intermittent fasting. Ever since I eat one meal a day my focus sky rocketed at work and I tripled my income in 2 years
MINNESOTA GANG
Everytime i watch something about adhd from ice cream sandwich the more i get scared that i find this very relatable
Not me jamming to Cypis
It seems like you're struggling with finding a consistent routine that helps you focus on your studies every day. But what if I told you that a monotonous routine could actually be the problem? When you get into a set routine, ADHD can kick in and cause you to lose interest or hyperfocus on something outside of that routine. This can make studying feel like a chore, and you might find yourself constantly trying to escape the routine.  Instead of following a strict routine, try finding a study method that you enjoy and switch it up from time to time. Maybe you can use a new method each week to keep things interesting. You can also use apps like Obsidian and plugins like Excalidraw and Latex to create interactive notes, diagrams, and connections between different notes. Changing how you structure your notes can also help to keep things fresh.  It's important to reduce stress while studying, so try writing down how many pages, lectures and projects you need to read until a specific date, and divide it by the number of days you have left. This will help you estimate where you stand regarding your progress (you don't need to follow it everyday if you don't feel like it), and you'll see that it's not as overwhelming as it seems.  Good luck in what ever path you choose Ice Cream Man!
Behavioral therapy + meds might be the strongest way to go for anyone still struggling despite medication! Good luck y'all!
My parents thought I had adhd as well at first- medication didn’t help me at all. Just ended up making me sleepy and eat less, and I already have a pretty small appetite
Love it, very relateable
Oh my GOD this is exactly how I find dexamphetamine (adderall) , unfortunately vyvanse will cost too much for me because it's not available through on the PBS (australia's public medication system) for adults so I can't really get it.
Isn't yt going to ban this vid for mentioning cocaine in first 3 seconds??
FUCK i need meds NOW
Love my ADHD meds, theyre pretty much the only meds I'll take that are narcotic unless ive broken a bone in the hospital.
Shit seems pretty normal tbh unless I have it. Fuck it.
Your original video was one of the things that helped me realize I also had ADHD, thanks for making videos like these. They actually end up being pretty useful and help people learn more about conditions like this.
i take adderall, it makes me go clean-crazy.
7:30 is literally the same what happens to me i even forget what im going to say and i forget how i met my friends which is pain.
I like the video and all that but Its really bright and i mean really if you could just change the background into a Less bright version of it i would be thankful
Icecreamsandwich I got your hoodie and it’s AMAZING!
I take medication for it. I have it in pudding I don’t know why.
Dude, I'm replaying vpn add just because it's super freaking funny. You were always good, but now you're awesome. Really appreciate your animation and humour. Made my break :p
My meds were stopping me from sleeping so I switched, and now they start wearing off too early
god the trumpet thing is so fucking real also the name thing Would recommend dextroamphetamine to be honest. It made my brain quiet, which is a very new experience.
So this is what it’s like for medication for ADHD
Mari
DRU-😂
Not saying to take this one but I use Focalin and it just works
is it just me or the sound's kinda small?
I had the exact same experience on the 5MG of Adderall XR. Believe it or not, upping my dose actually helped me tremendously in evening out that “do/think” balance. Ofc everyone’s different and Adderall is pretty intense. Yanno.,,, being METH and all. The only adverse reaction I’ve personally had so far is that it’s drastically changed my relationship with food. LK developed an eating disorder once I started dropping weight like crazy. Anywho— I hope you find what works for you! ADHD is fkn insane. I wish I had to words to describe how utterly debilitating and stressful life is. Not just “haha shiny” but also “i have no comprehension of time and i can’t remember what i’m doing or feeling in any given moment” and so much more.  crazzzzyyyyyyyy caca am I right?
Much appreciated how Andy animates his viewers in his animations as someone who forces them to watch his videos. Ngl I always look forward to his content. Keep it up man. Sorry I don't have any ADHD related comment because I think I don't have it, but my some of my friends do, so yeah, somewhat I know how it feels.
In my experience, dealing with ADHD looks a lot less like getting rid of your symptoms, and a lot more like lessening and learning strategies to manage those symptoms.  It takes time and patience, but slowly you start figuring out how the 'game' works, even if you still have good days and bad days.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam Koksu pięć gram Odlecieć sam W kraine zapomienia  W głowiem myśli mam Kiedy skończy sie ten stan Gdy już nie będę sam Gdy wiedzie biały węgorz
Vyvanse is a stimulant, meaning it only works on you when I take the pill. You don't have to CONSUME daily to keep it going like some others. So it was ok for Vyvanse. I'm recently taking Vyvanse after switching from 3 years Ritalin. It's been fine so far but I'm curious about your Vyvanse dosage.
The meds just kill the voices in your head and makes you focus
I have ADD (ADHD without the extra 'H'yperactive). The diagnosis for ADD was determined pretty early in my life. Around age 8-10. Over the years I've taken various different medications. The ones I remember before the current medication are Ritalin and Concerta, but I believe I tried 2 others with varying degrees of succes. Currently I'm using Dexamfetamine Sulfate and it's exactly right for me.  The main reason I take medication is to preserve my energy during the day. Before I got medication I came home from school and had to sleep for 3 hours or so to simply recharge. I was just unable to filter out all the background noise from general day to day life. I unintentionally payed some attention to every single noise, movement and sensation. This was just exhausting.  When I started medication I was suddenly able to focus a lot more. I got my afternoons back because the extra sleep was no longer needed. But there were some side-effects. Like loss of appetite and tendency to hyperfocus.  So I altered medications for some time until I arrived to what I use today. It's exactly whatI need.  My main point being. Don't be discouraged when the first few medications you try don't do it for you. Sometimes it's a case of getting the correct dosage, other times you just need to get past the initial startup phase. Or it could just be the wrong type of medication for you and you need to switch to something else. Or it could be a matter of changing your habbits and routine that fixes the problem.
This is why I don't take meds. Also most meds have long term side effects. Most meds are not good for the kidneys. I have just found ways to deal with the ADHDschedules, talkin to my sister, etc. If some meds help some people great, but no thanks fur me. Oh, also this was friggin hilarious, probably mostly because it was so relatable.
It's like having 20 people in your brain, no good ideas, only bad ones
I remember the first time I took my Ritalin, I was driving to work and it's like my brain realized it now had the super power of "focus entirely on one thing" and decided that One Thing was the license plate in front of me and NOTHING ELSE....like MY BLIND SPOT WHILE MERGING anyways that resolved after the first time but it was an experience 😅 I want to try something different now because I literally can't eat while on the meds :/ so I can't take them all the time so I just have to suffer most of the time
I have been feeling that I have adhd and this helped alot
very quiet video
It just made me more scared of ADHD meds now...thanks😀👍
I have most of these symptoms but to be honest I am scared of talking to my doctor about it since she would just assume I want the miracle drug for my current studies. Which is not the case :/
POLISH COW IM FROM THERE!
Xkodkdodmdkd oueeheheuee :.) Help
I was lucky to not have a lo by experience with meds. The only thing is the ones I take now, after not taking them for a while, I feel like I can’t really talk to people. It’s kinda like when you’re on a long trip and you’re not expecting anyone to talk to you, but the. Someone does and you still have your headphones in and a video is going so you hear what the other person is saying n but it’s hard to form a response.
As someone who also has ADHD, im anti meds, i never try them but in the same time i feel like i never really needed them? i just watched and read and talked with a lot of people about this topic and learn how to do what I WANT and NEED for the same day. its not perfect because there are days that im just not doing anything because i saw a cool YouTube video and then its snowballs for all the rest of the day of doing nothing  but something that really help me with overcoming this thing is making a highly detailed calendar, i write there anything that i want to do and need to do in the day and try to go with it, its really helps when you can see in your eyes how much time you have till the end of tasks because you can see each tasks deadlines, ADHD people are just great with doing everything in the last sec and completing everything (most of the time), so i just use this fact for my own needs. try taking the goods of your "problem" to make from it the solution for it
6:34 this bit about people asking "is it Covid" every time something feels off is so accurate lmao
yo im from poland and i see polish cow🙂
As a fellow ADHDer, I totally agree about the "bunch of people controlling your brain at the same time" part. And some one told me that it's like having dozens of tabs on your computer at the same time and none of them are on mute. I personally feel like it's the personification of going into Wikipedia to research something, clicking on hyperlinks after hyperlinks that seems interesting and never doing any work. But I'm on meds right now and it's totally a game changer! It's different for everyone but for me, my meds really helped.
There are ‘vitamins’ that can kinda help with this I heard, if you’re opposed to taking medication.  I’m pretty sure I have ADHD. When I get home, I like to write or read, but I can’t focus on it. I get distracted by things or thoughts in my head, and I always feel like I never have enough time to do anything so I don’t do anything at all.
Use conserta like me
Have you considered Concerta? Or welbutrine? I wouldn’t recommend Ritalin… made my heart rate go through the roof.
That ending made me finally subscribe
Your experience with adderall is interesting to me. I take adderall, and also I’m a mathematician; thinking is most of what I do, but I don’t have trouble with “thinking tasks” the way you said you did. (Also please don’t conflate any adhd meds with meth; it just feels bad when people say things like that because the comparison is implicitly saying “you’re ‘like’ a meth-head for needing this ‘meth-like’ substance to function”. I assume nobody here actually means this, but there are people who do believe it and it’s frustrating when their weird framing is repeated)
Please keep us updated about this. Kinda wondering if I have ADHD.
I take concerta and I feel like it helps so yeah...also LALALALALALALALALAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA wait what was I doing?
I like listening to other People ADHD experiences, i suspect i have it too but while liviging with my parents i need them to pay for a therapist to figure it out, and they just say "oh of course you don't have it you dummy :p" but i know that is not normal to watch half of a video about all tomorrows just to get to the next one, it happened 20 times, in the same day.
You could have just tried a higher dose of Adderall. Persobally though, I prefer the unmedicated route 😎😎
In my experience not to long ago I stopped using my meds and I'm good with out them
But…I don’t want to unsubscribe.
My meds help me a lot with day to day tasks, like just focusing on one task
I honestly feel a little envious over people who can take ADHD medicine. Because of my heart medication I can't take ADHD meds as it disrupts it. So I have to go unmedicated throughout my days. I've been able can deal with my ADHD, so that's not the problem. The problem is that I just want to be drugged.
If you are able to get into hyperfocus normally, meds will not solve your problem
hello, I got the same result as you. but I am currently trying dexamfetamin, its pure amfetamin in 5mg and it only work for like 4-5 hours. it was ment for me to take it when I am going to work and not take it off hours. but I got the same result as you with the focus problem just less focus as what you described. conterta / meth had the result of not really feeling, like it blocked me from feeling happy, sad, mad or anything to the fullest. and as you describe it was easy to do physical task that don't need any thinking really, but it doesn't fell for filling just productive.
Another ADHD video...
GIVE THAT LIL MAN HIS RUSSIAN COW BACK
You know we need a complete music video featuring that cow now, right ? Ah, I actually found it  XD  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hhMUT2U2L4
What's interesting for me is that my ADHD problems started with meds, I realized they did... not an extreme amount, and so I went off them.  Eventually I found meditation practices, mindfulness, self awareness and learning about dozens of different topics relating to mind and performance along with a practice called "apnea freediving" sort of forced me into learning habits that could control my ADHD. Hard to not make yourself focus when a LACK of focus can literally kill you.  So once I started to do all that, something changed. I basically created a NEW voice in my head that would tell the others what to do, and since the others kinda didn't care they followed along. It was like a babysitter finally showed up in my head that was of my own preference and making. So now I still have the dozens of silly random pointless thoughts, but I can sort of... herd them into the right direction, which is powerful in itself because if they're all doing sort of the same thing that means there's way more chances to get to solutions faster. And I while I can't fully multi-task, I can at the very least micromanage these voices in my head and then tell them which ones should do what and when.  My suggestion is meditation, self awareness training and general learning, but honestly freediving is probably the biggest contributor to my learning to control it.
Not meth, but it is Speed. Adderall is a racemic mixture of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine, and dextroamphetamine is more psychoactive. Methamphetamine is being trialed for ADHD as well, unsure what the state of it is in that realm, since I've been out of that field for a couple years. Vyvanse (lisdexamphetamine) is a prodrug of dextroamphetamine, meaning it turns INTO dextroamphetamine when metabolized by the body (including liver and serous mechanisms/pathways).  Vyvanse is working well for me, but it *did* take a while to figure out how to CHANGE tasks, much like you said, and also acclimate to it so that certain side effects (I was compulsively feeling the need to stretch the muscles in my legs, stand on my toes, point and flex my feet -- all likely associated to a sudden change in serotonin and dopamine levels) went away.  There are other classes of meds that might still be worth trialing. Concerta is just extended-release Ritalin (methylphenidate) at a certain dose that managed to fit a niche treatment so that it could have a brand name slapped on it for a bigger profit and then *also* still be used for ADHD. It's a stimulant, but different processes than amphetamine. And then there's non-stimulant options, like SNRIs; atomoxetine, or Strattera, was a big alternate treatment we gave when stimulants were contraindicated. And if the ADHD couples with anxiety, something like clonidine can also help and mitigate a stimulant medication.  It's a huge cluster, and I didn't enjoy working psych med management because it is so subjective, and full of trial and error. I hope you can find something, meds or otherwise, that does help your quality of life. <3
This video is... Surprisingly relatable... The part about adhd, not meds. Haven't been diagnosed... yet. Planning to visit a doctor. My mom isn't against it, but she says it's the lack of sport and too much computer. somehow. Well if it's adhd then it's a new excuse for me being lazy lol
Navigating medication can be such a pain but please don’t let it deter you from seeking out help. I’ve done a lot of dealing with doctors for medication over my life for a lot of different overlapping issues. Sometimes meds help, sometimes they don’t. ADHD meds, unfortunately, simply do not work for me because my body’s biochemistry makes them work in reverse. The classic stimulant type makes me fall asleep at max dose and under its max dose it doesn’t do anything at all. Medicine for depression, on the other hand, literally saved my life. I will never stop taking Zoloft, fully of my own will, because I remember what I felt like when I didn’t have it. I lived with extreme compulsions that were not only causing me physical harm but ruined all of my relationships and dominating my day to day life with, y’know, unspeakable horrors like hours of earthquake level trembling and vomiting every day from soul-crushing anxiety. Zoloft almost single-handedly fixed all my problems with depression and all of a sudden I could laugh again, cry again, foster meaningful relationships, and hop out of bed ready for the day with only minor changes needing to be made to my regimen to keep everything in working order. Meanwhile, a lot of people I’ve spoken to to consider Zoloft a devil pill and wouldn’t take it even if you paid them money. So, medication is a very individualized thing that has a lot to do with your individual body’s chemistry. What works for you might not work for someone else and vise versa. You might have to be your own advocate to find results. You’ll also sometimes have to make the decision on what side effects you’re willing to tolerate. Medication isn’t magic and no one solution is likely to be perfect for you. You might need an additional medication to help out where the first one fails in some area. Expecting a perfect miracle pill will set you up for disappointment when you realize that expectation is unrealistic. Even with Zoloft, which I love, some adjustments needed to be made and I needed additional medications to help with some unwanted side effects. For me, all of it was worth it. For you, it might not be. But if anyone reading this thinks they need help with their condition and wants to explore medication, keep these things in mind. There’s no miracle pill—but there’s a ton of options that might bring you significant relief with tolerable side effects and it might take some time to work down the list. Don’t give up!
Bro used his med to cross from one symptom of ADHD (inattentive) to another (hyperfocus)
Bro used his med to cross from one symptom of ADHD (inattentive) to another (hyperfocus)
I have ADHD and I have to take Vivanse or however it’s spelt it is awful
Ok good vid tho. Very accurate
my adhd already effects me enough, but i recently found out i also have autism and so many other mental issues
So far my Adderall has been helping with no real I'll effects,  but I am trying to pay close attention to myself. Granted,  everyone's built differently with different lives, my work is very structured,  so pretty easy, Ira my home life that kills me, and getting going in the morning
I don’t want to invalidate your experience and this is not medical advice, but as a fellow ADHDer I feel obligated to say this: meds are not the be all and end all of ADHD treatment. Actually, research suggest that a combination of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and medication is the most successful approach. I had an amazing experience with CBT. Please consult a professional.
0:01 "Just only thing in mind. Get kilogram of crack, and fly to world of forgoten things."  I love how just song about doin' crack and depression became meme just because nobody can speak polish. Well at least cow is funny
I actually use multiple meds. short period adderall to kick start my work( so focus on the tasks at hand) and then a vyvans that can take me thru the task. Its not perfect but its a combo that works the best for me
11 hours ago
Problem is i need to take meds for my ADHD so i don't easily forget things then i forget to take my meds  a classic  i haven't taken my meds in a month😅
ADD with my medication (vyvanse): gets whole house clean in 2 hours, goes to the gym, mows the yard. On top of that everyone i talk to gets a paragraph because that shit makes me explain everything (kinda like here💀)Im like a damn methhead on that shit
i like my adhd. sure, i can't focus well, but i like having the ability to just think about everything, all at once. it's like a superpower with a catch, like super strength, but your breath always smells bad.
isn't 5mg adderal is like almost no effect? I think you felt the effect of placibo
bro, as always good video but erm.... the volume kinda ...low, i had set my laptop sound to max but still 🤣 (Edit: nvm looks like it is just cause i put laptop a bit too far 🤣)
Your psychiatrist sounds amazing. I have tried so many ones in where I live they are all just bad, even those ones who claim to be specialised in adult ADHD, they don't care and just gave me anxiety and depression meds even though I took a letter from my psychologist, and one of them flat out asked for money for assessment even though she just met me and she did not talk to me enough to see if it is necessary. And my friend who finally convinced her psychiatrist to do the assessment on her (and that's only because she already had an official diagnosis from her previous psychiatrist in her home country) after her assessment they ghosted her for WEEKS after her result should have come out but she REALLY needs the meds. I hope you find the medication that works soon tho, best of luck!
Im supposed to get meds but concerta is completely missing in the entire United States for some odd reason
Love the animal crossing sound effects and music. Also I did the thing he told us not to do, stop taking meds
I l9ve starting of his vids
I was diagnosed when I was like 10? And the things that a lot of personne forget to do while taking the medication 💊 is to also have session of the side that helps you plane your day, read properly, session that gives you tricks to go on in live with you endicap. In French it’s called « gestion mentale » so maybe check that out with your psychologist
After taking in all of the information he is now in orbit around the earth armed with a butter knife
Cant even watch the video without rewinding every few seconds(?), adhd meds they exist but its like temp solution when you want to work  btw im on ritalin and every other medication (than methylphenidate) are banned in my country
0:01 ah, a classic
I used to take Elvanse and Concerta during middle school years and at first it worked. But then my appetite completely disappeared. I could barely eat anything and I ended up weighing only 40kg. Now I don't take meds anymore and I have a hard time focusing but at least I managed to graduate high school
*manages to play Polish Cow while you talk
I thought I was the only one who thinks “I better be ready when the meds hit and lock me into my work” haha
The vast majority of psych meds and circumstances only reach their potential in conjunction with therapy - not just a psychiatrist, but a therapist to help coach you through the process of developing mechanisms to optimize your ideal plans and adjustments.
Best thing for me is to learn to live with the insanity. I can focus on stuff I want to and am interested in, but other stuff is getting it the window. I can sorta focus on stuff and things that are not interesting, but it's more dependent on how much energy I have at that point.
It can take a fair bit to find the one that works for you, as other commenters have said. For me, a different version of adderal, worked best. 2 steps further away from the "meth" side. It hit that sweet spot of self-starting and focussing. Too much of either you get what your video explained, there's a middle ground and its the best. Also the version I am on is a kind of "at will" med, I take a dose if I need a good day of focus, I take a day off if I am free to follow the whims of my noodle-soup-brain. And this is pretty common, too.  Its also worth noting however, meds will never magically fix stuff, cultivating your environment to give you controlled stimuli and basically making it work for you, is just as crucial as meds (or not-meds if you make that choice) HowtoADHD on YT has a wonderful video about how shes made her house fit her needs, and some tips and tricks to help herself function on days she elects not to take meds.  GL in your journey! <3
What to do when there's no therapist in the city T0T
Those focus vitamins sounds like you got the ASD experience instead😂
ii have ADD but my mom says i have both ADHD and ADD so i have no idea what going on
Having medication for my adhd is like I’m 2 different people.   Now with meds: [I’m actually focusing on shit I never could’ve done, and my brain shuts up for 9 hours, even though I’m not hungry, my braincells crashes after lunch.]   Without meds: (I’m unable to focus, songs stuck in my head 24/7, drawing is the only thing I’ll do, bigger appetite, the easiest thing like uploading videos becomes impossible, and my braincells crash every hour.)
I've been on ritalin for so long I forgot what it's like without it so maybe you should try that?
I have adhd, i dropped out just before learning bout it cuz i always thought i was just dumb and doomed to be, and now i still am and think that way but ik i have adhd. People say “ohan it must b a relief huh? :)” and i dont think it is? I have no meds, no psychiatrist nothing and idk how to get started and honestly kinda scared to. Shit costs money and all. So yeah thats my experience hope yall have a great day
In my experience Adderall makes you want to do something and if you’re not, you get an inch or anxious and then you get in the zone. It’s not a great feeling to have, but it’s so good to get stuff done
I was meant to be doing Task A right now, but then stumbled across this video. Let's see what other tasks I end up doing before I even start Task A...
I become really naucious when i teke sertain adhd medication
Vivance for me.
Try methylphenidate now don’t take my word on this but it should instead of ethier hyping you up or making it to where you can’t focus it just calms you down to make your brain less stimulated
i dont have adhd but i do have asd and also take concerta
On a completely separate matter. I want the dancing cow video... For a friend
4:46 Jesse....We need to take Meth, Jesse.
My brother took ritalin and now concerta  For him it helps (luckily, he is a pain in the ass without his meds) and since we live in switzerland its also not expensive
ADHD dosen't need medication it just needs A, D, A and H
hmmm same as thinking you are Trans... are you really or just a bit of a...
this cow song is about coke you khow i'm from this country
Omg literally me ahaha 😝😝😝😝
Epic.
Why is your volume always so loooow....
i want to hear more of the polish cow
I almost have a gag reflex with the meds. As an ADD person
Bro, I literally have this cow as my wallpaper.
I dont have ADHD, but the thought pf taking a pill and just being able to hyperfocus e.g. on my essay is amazing as I reeeally have trouble on focusing on smt that I don't feel like doing 😅 But then again, many people have that 🤷‍♀️
I have autism and ADHD (attention deficit hyper disorder) And I'm gonna be honest, Its impossible to think the good.
I got meds a few months ago for my ADHD, they make me focus just enough so that I can get the task done with no distractions but just little enough so I can stop that task if it’s really necessary. It’s an extremely fun game to play.
my friend at school also just go diagnosed with adhd and has just started getting medicated lol
adderall - amphetamine mixture (dextro and levoamphetamine and *NOT* methamphetamine like his friend tried to say)   vyvanse - d-amphetamine (lisdexamfetamine) ritalin - methylphenidate desoxyn - methamphetamine
alrighty then! unsubscribing! if Ice Cream Sandwich told me to, i mean, he has a 2.66M channel, he must know better than me
ADHD gave me a very useful skill. Which is to be able to literally bullshit your way out of anything.
The ability to be able to... That hit close to home. Such a strong superpower.
I have been medicated since I was 7 (22 now) and been on 5 different meds. I have been on vyvanse since 7th grade and it has been the only medication that helped (a bit) and didnt effect my mood too drastically.  Honestly, in my experience, meds only help with part of the problem, the rest I just kinda live with. I am able to focas on a task for the most part, but I have no executive function. Without meds, I can't even drive (part of that is if i miss meds i have withdraw symptoms but i went off for a year and litterally failed all my college classes)
Been so exited for this video. I just started on Elvanse 30mg. It’s wild. Love your videos so cool 😄
I've had Ritalin and Concerta before, always reducing the dose I took, cuz every time I took it it wouldn't helpt me really focus, it would only make me paranoid and scared of everything around me, like if I went outside I kept thinking "oh shit what if there's wasps around, better look out, IS THAT A WASP ok no it's a fly I DON'T WANNA BE STUNG BY A WASP", basically this. That and I'd feel completely numb, no emotion, if I tried to talk I'd basically be whispering too, and basically I felt like crap, so I stopped taking them, and my productivity didn't go down at all, I've just grown to try to handle better the adhd stuff and I kinda can work around them, talking wih other people to try to explain your issues makes you realize "why the hell don't I just do it lol it's just an e-mail" for example.
Funny how I figured out that I have ADHD by watching Ice Cream XD
I got off my ADHD meds a few weeks ago!
I Wanna see the cow!
Hey Andy, ur rly cool
I don't take my medication I like being able to go very fast
Dudes about to become psyched substances apprentice
Everyone is has ADHD or is on the autism spectrum  nowadays. Its fashionable,  like being trans. I mean, studies show they are linked. Fancy that
First of all the animation in this video got me dead multiple times 😂 I had a similar problem with Ritalin where I felt pressure in my chest as if my heart was receiving a lil too much stimulation 🥴 But tbh, I was also still drinking energy drinks almost daily at the time so it might have been my own fault. I'm on a lower dosage of vyvanese right now, which doesn't seem to do much, but I want to get my life in order first (weened myself of the energy drinks, now working on going to bed before midnight) before experimenting further. This is why ADHD treatment is supposed to be a combination of therapy and medication, so that you can learn how to lessen the impact of your symptons on your life and get feedback from an outsider on your progress
I think I should probably medicate
Im glad people have started talking abt meds more openly, I dont have adhd but i do take meds for depression and anxiety, at this point idk for sure if they helped or its just placebo, and liek im too scared to try other stuff, cause if it aint broke dont fix it, but hey, they make me feel better and thats worth it for me, i think the end goal is to be stable enough to be able to get off them, but liek im kinda scared im just gonna spiral back into that bad state, i am doing therapy at the same time, and ill bring it up ... eventually :), but liek im curious of others people experience with meds, mirtazapine in particular, but others as well, talking abt it makes it less scary
The meds gave me a seizure
My brain is always on fire with adhd and I want help but mess are also spooky. Adderall just kinda turned me into "smooth/normal SpongeBob". Took away everything extra about me.
Ritalin and Concerta are known for permanently stunting growth
similar story for me. I found that, personally, coffee gives me a nice happy medium with results + soooooo much cheaper. but! everyone's different <3
Why do you recommend NOT taking meds while they are specifically causing your miserable symptoms? Especially since it worked for you! I worked health care for over 12 years and I can say it's better to stop taking something that is causing you harm than to continue taking it. (I was never a physician though and I'm no expert, just going by what I have seen, heard, and experienced during that time.)
Ive been taking vyvanse my whole life and I’ve never experienced that. Did you ever find out why that happened?
this video made me realize that i was extremely lucky with my meds. the first meds i tried worked perfectly. My adhd has mysteriously disappeared and i could focus. Its crazy how other people have this problem. Good luck with your adhd!
im bipolar AND ADHD, so medication is hard.
I take Vyvanse for my adhd and have been for 3 and a half years, and with focusing, I get way too invested in the thing I should focus on, and become a little upset if I can’t finish that thing and have to move on, and I don’t take it on weekends or days I won’t need it, yet I experience no side effects so it’s cool I guess
Hey you gave a piece of pretty bad advice there. :/  If your meds aren't working, pause them, wait and talk about it with your doctor and/or* with ADHD people with the same meds. A PhD doesn't turn people into encyclopedias, and there is no fit-for-all solution. Yes listen to the doctor to some extent, but don't forget that your doctor should listen to you first.  MPs/whatever they're called where you live are very important, especially in rural areas, but many of them have a tendency to not evoluate at all with times. Having just plainly wrong, outdated, and sometimes dangerous beliefs (ex : "everyone is like that" about neurodivergent stuff, refusing to listen to trans patients, etc)  For real it's like some of them don't know what the DSM-V is   * : Whoever access you have to
The bit where it cuts to the lil dopamine guy crumbled on the floor and the medicine just says "....oh my god,"....that rly must've been the scene when the Adderall got into my brain meats. Also I relate really hard to the idea of it just giving you ability (dopamine is WILD to actually have amirite), every time I actually remember that I have food/drinks in the work fridge, or actually put down notes or remember to actually USE my calendar and just......okay honestly in general it's just wild to have a much more functional short-term memory. I will say, though, in general the whole "it's basically meth/kiddie meth" thing is very silly to me, and I do wish that people, including other people with ADHD, would stop saying it. Vyvanse is also a CNS stimulant, even if it's not an amphetamine. Also, methamphetamine is a much more potent substance, as well as being muuuuch more toxic.
I legitimately believe micro dosing meth is healthier than adhd medications
Meds for me were not great at all at first, it took me half a year to find the proper meds and dose AND taking it for a while so it can actually become stable in your routines. Now, ALONGSIDE proper psycho education on my diagnosis, using a daily planner for each day, the meds really do help me do my daily tasks and be productive (and give myself enough time to chill out inbetween as well).   But meds definitely affect each person differently, so if you are thinking about it yourself, reader, do know there is probably a medication and dosis that works for you. I'm currently on Elvanse Lisdexamphetamine 70Mgs (you take those once a day, in the morning; I'm also in the Netherlands, so there's different options available for me than like those in the USA), and it really REALLY helps me. :)
justice for compy :c
I don't know if it's coincidance or you planned this but the lyrics to the dancing Polish cow means : "There is just one thing in my mind, 5 grams of cocaine fly away alone to the land of forgetting" and I thnik that that's very good coincidance when you are doing video on drugs
I haven't tried meds, but only thought about it, not sure if I should try it yet, but your videos about ADHD are just so spot on, and incredibly funny at the same time, keep it coming!!
Honestly, meth gets a bad rap
i’m kinda craving some adhd meds right now ngl
perfect timing, i just got diagnosed yesterday.
I took meds for it.. then me and my mom flushed em down the toilet.    I cant remember why, but im not complaining.
There is a new therapy for ADHD named neuro feedback method here in Germany. You get a funny hat with electrodes that your brainwaves while you move an object in a computer game with said brainwaves. Kids can profit from it, maybe you too. Because those meds can have really bad effect on your brain year ahead. Thank you all for listening to my TED talk.
Try and not go straight to pills either because doctors mainly get paid for prescriptions
That down feeling you had is probably anxiety. Its really common for people on adderall or other adhd meds to develop a sort of anxiety at some point. It happened to me near the start of my path with contramil(basically concerta). Where I had shortness of breath, I was super jittery, like my hart was beating at a million miles an hour but not in a good way. I actually take anxiety meds along with my adhd meds now and it works perfectly fine. I even got a bit of a reputation as the chill smart guy.
I'm just so glad this video exists! I'm a paramedic specialized at those kind of troubles (in french I'm called a psychomotrician) and it's so rare for people with ADHD to be "visible" on the internet. So, good work, and I'm sorry that your medication did not help you like you wanted. Sometimes, you need to try another one to find the good one for you, but I get it's long and annoying!! That's it, good day to you, because you just made mine!
Yeah I had issues with ADHD medicine. Though my issue is that I would build up resistance/tolerance to even the things that worked way too quickly. This pattern continued until I took Concerta, which got to where I had no mental effect at all, but my body sure had one and I was almost sent to the ER from school for tachycardia and shortness of breath. :I My pulse rate never quite went back to normal after that, so be careful, to anyone on a stimulant medication.  I AM on another one after refusing for like 20 years, but it also helps treat another condition of mine so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ The bigger help was 'training' by a behavior specialist to learn how to work with it while I was off meds though.
Also, did vyvanse affect your appetite at all because it saps any desire to eat I have at all
I had been on vyvanse for a few years until a few months ago, it really helped with focus, as I was able to get things done, although I was still able to be distracted by other things. I eventually stopped taking them, and I've actually been happier. My focus really hasn't changed, as if I was still on the meds, which is odd, but things are working out.
I’ve been taking vyvanse since fourth grade and developed a good routine of waking up at 5:00 AM taking pill, drawing at 6:00 AM until 10:00 AM when I start school. I love drawing but I focusing on it got so much harder when my art process started to take longer and longer as I improved  Those aren’t mean
I dunno what I have but I think it might be some kind of ocd and I just have this burning burst of obsessions. like I would binge things can't do things by not turning it up to 11. which is good for me cause I love work and I work. but when I get bored of something nothing in this world can bring me to do something about it. which is bad for my health. ah oh well
All the ones i was put on made me either zombie like or incredibly angry and i mean irrationally angry. Nearley violent.  They all ruined my  Appetite and gave me bad relationship eith food  which has given me eating disorders that I still am trying to manage to this day. They all made information go in one ear an out the other. So i was "paying attention in class"  But that doesn't help me when I can't remember anything you said in 3 hours and now I can't do a basic multiplication table  Without having to double check a calculator.   TLDR find the right medication for you maybe there isn't a medication for you in which case find other ways to manage
I am currently under the suspicion of ADHD I struggle to even finish Youtube videos I have open one instance of Safari with two Youtube tabs (each with a queue of like 10 videos), this is the same on my Chrome instance (but just one tab, I am not crazy after all) As we speak, I have one "started" essay for tomorrow at noon at like 1000 words  This is fine
good side of adhd, watching a video, playing video games and listen to music, scaring everyone with it
I am in the 0.01% of people that got the correct medication plus the correct doses for what I wanted right away. I would say if you still want to focus to try other meds until something properly sticks. Of course dont go around swigging meds down like a mukbang youtuber, but most of the people Ive talked to just had to find the right medication for them.
I only got ADD but I took Elvanse and Retard (yes it’s really called retard) They’re effectively medical meth too tho
Sounds familiar. Fuck I was just thinking about trying meds again because college is overwhelming.
please don't be scared of a medication that can seriously help you just because it has a spooky name. yes adderall has amphetamine, which is similar in structure and effect to meth. but if you're taking it responsibly with doctor's guidance, it can genuinely help you
1:13 "who even made math?!" This line of thinking makes it especially hard to watch shows or read books. I'll be reading or watching but thinking about this dumb stuff and 15 pages later or 30 minutes into the show i will have no idea whats even going on
I have adhd myself and guanfacine is what i use personally
if NordVPN worked on your butt, would it be like some sort of weird downloadable STD prevention program 🤔
Why the fuck did your drawing style changed
Listen kids drugs are bad until we take those exact drugs and put them in this pill form for you and then you gotta take them but drugs are still  bad. Oh  And if you get hurt we're going to use those same exact drugs.knowing youll probably get addicted. But youll be fine
I love your videos
Get a water filter.  A good one. Either a pitcher if you live in an apartment so you can pour water into it, put it in the fridge and have some nice cool, crisp water that'll make you actually want to drink water, up to fridge or full house systems. Whatever you're comfortable affording, liking the taste of your water leads you to drinking more water leads you to feeling and functioning better. If you're drinking various soft drinks from the store cause it tastes better than your water, all that crap makes it suuuper hard to focus on anything.  Eat better. I'm not much of a cook, at all, so I found I could make breakfest bars out of oatmeal (3 cups) Peanutbutter (I got an all natural one, 1 cup) and Honey or Syrup (3/4th cup, I know it's sugary but it's natural in this case, seems to burn off fine with no crash). Mix the Peanutbutter and honey/syrup in a microwave safe dish, put it in the microwave for 1 minute but STOP every 10 seconds to stir it a bit. It should go from a mass of peanutbutter and honey/syrup to a fairly consistent goo of both. Now dump that into a dish with the oatmeal and mix it until they're mixed together well. Put down a parchment paper (less cleaning) into a large enough pan and pour in the mixture. Then pat it down evenly and put another parchment piece to cover it. Put it in the fridge for 1 hour.   BOOM. Easy, simple breakfest you can stumble into the kitchen to have a bite of that's filling and contains natural energy and ingredients.   Good food and water made a H U G E difference for me and it can for you too (Person who is reading this).   Other tips;  If you have problems getting things done through the day, get a notebook to carry on you and write things down. The act of physically writing it out will help you remember more than it being written on paper, given the focus it takes.   Set times for yourself for work, chores and play. During work times, put away distractions and check off things you get done, this will give you a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction as you continue to get things done!    Spend time doing something like reading a book, maybe 15 minutes a day. This FORCES you to slow down and remove other distractions and will build your ability to focus.   Music can also help distract your mind a little and allow you to focus on something without a major distraction.  Practice takes a while and you won't always get the result you want, but keep at it! Medicines only mask symptoms and make recovery easier, for something like ADHD it requires force of will (and a good diet) to use. And when you can use it, it's a gift! You're basically thinking 2x-4x faster than most people. I have to watch youtube videos on 2x speed to retain focus but still learn effectively.
Oh i also take Adhd meds! I don’t really remember my symptoms but people around me said i seemed more energetic and awake. So thats probably what happened.  I had a higher dose for awhile and that made me stare into walls without really feeling like i could stop and just overall weird. So i lowered my dose and what i have now is pretty neat.   I don’t have adhd tho, i think. I take these for my autism.
Bro this entire video is SO RELADABLE (I have adhd with dislecsic so I call myself adlecsic
Same things happened to me on medication. Concerta was the best. No Adderall effect, no hyper focus Luke Vyvanse. I could just be me and focus on the things that mattered. I don't currently take it because of other reasons.
It's so interesting to hear about how med side effects can vary. I have huge inattentive adhd where I'd literally stare at a wall and daydream for hours instead of focusing on anything. Or even moving.  Dexphetamine and ritalin just gave me panic attacks, but vyvanse can help me get up and do things without drifting off or freaking out. My maladaptive daydreaming is pretty much non-existent anymore. I have a steady job now! But it has killed my appetite and, weirdly enough, can make me sleepy on the first hour when it kicks in.  I like being employed and present in my life too much to stop the meds right now. But I have been tempted in the past.
I personaly use vyvanse, like you said you always have incredibly productive days, and then days where nothing at all happens. I definitely keeps me calmer and helps me focus on one thing, but if I want to get work done I can't be around technology at all. Also when I started out with it I didn't get that feeling of being out of breath but for a very long time I had headaches and stomach pain. Eventually this goes away, also Vyvanse completely removes your desire for food to the point I really have an enjoyable lunch.
try weed. it helps my scatterbrain(symptom of my autism) but every adhd friend i have talked to have had great experiences with weed.
I have ADHD never took meds, and from this vid I'm glad I didn't  if your able to grow up with it it gets easier.
For someone who has ADHD, ODD, and Autism Level 1, Let me tell you... SHIT IS HARD DUDE 😭😭😭😭😭😭 SCREAMING CRYING SHITTING BRICKS DIES
This video is too accurate...
...why not do both meth & adderall & just occasionally jump off the meth?
Try meditation... It helped me
My mother's working in an ADHD center, she's checking the symptoms of kids, and telling the perents what medication they need, she sometimes took me to her job and I watched her, so I know a thing or two, the best medication for starters is Ritalin, start from half a pill, and when you'll fill like it doesn't working anymore, grow to 3/4 a pill, and again, when you'll fill like it doesn't working, grow to a full pill.
Mix your videos louder
At this point I'm sure I'm just several mental illnesses in a trenchcoat and not a person.   I'm on a waiting list for a ADHD testing but am currently on Fluxotine for Anxiety and... All I got is slightly less anxiety and if I miss my dose I get horrible nightmares for a week.
YES HELL YEAH NEW VIDEO FINALLY YEEEEEEEES
If I'm not mistaken, calling adderal "meth" is a bit of a stretch, event if it is a kind of amphetamines.  I have ADHD too, (amongst other things, but medical procerdures are hard) and tried amphetamines a handful of times recreationnaly, and oh yeah I get how undiagnosed, overwhelmed students in burnout use it to focus, and also how some get addicted
THE 8 DIFFERENT TRUMPETS THING IS WAY TOO REAL
I really think that this video will help you a lot it's from the neuroscientist andrew Huberman it's long but very worth it  https://youtu.be/hFL6qRIJZ_Y
Theres no way they could give you a F for your real human names test. Everything seems right to me. Thats unbeliveable
For a bit more than the latter half of my childhood, I used to take methyphenidate. You take one in the morning, and you're on focus for the day (and not stuck on only one task, as far as I'm aware)  The only catch is that (in France at least) it needs to be prescribed by the doctor
As someone who semi-regularly takes vyvance, I can tell you that the headaches you were experiencing were likely due to dehydration; mostly because you may have been focusing too much on what you were doing to stop and take a drink.   I have a similar issue. I tend to forget to drink or eat anything while I'm under the effects of the medication, so I often end up feeling kinda crappy if I don't make sure to keep track of those things.
oh lord oh buddy im going thru the same thing rn
great honest vid :)
nice vid, you should make a vid on lean im addicted, its a bad habit
A problem I typically have with Vyvanse is that my body eventually develops a tolerance for it, causing it to be less effective. Surprisingly enough, I've found that a good solution is to get off the medication for a few days, rather than increasing the dose.
I was diagnosed with ADHD just before I turned 30 - similar experience with finding the right medication. Vyvanse worked really well for me, except it was a ridiculously crazy apetite suppresant. Those meds combined with the start of the pandemic and working from home/no gym, meant I lost 30kg in 8 months. My ADHD was a lot better, but I was basically skeletal (60kg at 186cm). Had to change and bounces around a few before landing on my current ones.  They aren't as good mentally, but physically I'm better and they do work and basically make it so I don't have the 8 trumpet orchestra constantly.  My (absolutely not a doctor talk to your own professional) understanding is that there are two kinds of medications that are common - meth for kids and speed for kids. If the Adderal and Vyvance (the amphetamine ones) didn't do well, maybe ask your psychiatrist about the stimulant ones. They don't work as well for me, but the side effects are less severe.   Good luck!
Honestly, I think that meds NEED to be complimented with therapy, particularly a type of CBT (I think, don’t quote me on that, could be another type). That way you can learn all the ways of directing that new-found focus the meds give you in the right direction, and all the skills of basic organisation and working and whatever that most of us with ADHD (especially late diagnosis) never learned properly in our childhoods. Of course, being in the US, I have no doubt that therapy will be 1000x the cost of the already hugely expensive medication, so it’s likely unfortunately out of reach for most people, but there’s some great books out there that work like therapy only your therapist is a book. One I used was “how to thrive with adult ADHD”. It’s short, teaches you about yourself and your condition in digestible chunks, has mini-exercises, and helps you adjust how you think and operate to actually be able to channel the boost the meds give you. Of course, I haven’t actually finished the book but I read most of it and it really helped!
My husband has adhd but I don’t. It really sucks to watch how he struggles with it. It seems like such a hard thing to have, and then the med side effects seem equally unpleasant. :(
it's nice to see a reference to Polish culture. It is a pity, however, that when this is the case, the most frequently quoted works concern excessive drug abuse. :/
why does every single youtuber ever have adhd
I like polish cow too
I'm on Lisdexamphetamine. I've tried a few different things but this shit gave me my fucking life back! TO each their own and all that. But i have yet to hear anyone who didnt get good results on the stuff.
6:46 I know thes
Im on ritelen
Me sitting here with a Netflix documentary in one corner, your video playing in the middle of the screen, and a tab open researching the chemical make-up of Adderall (1 of 300 tabs, low for me), spinning a fidget spinner i found somewhere, smoking 2 vapes at once, and thinking about what I have to do for the rest of the day, and saying “yeah this video is totally relatable”. Damn I just realised I could be playing a game at the same time right now, I’m not maximising my potential!
Im kinda blown away by the number of people who have ADHD.  Now wondering if two of my siblings have it.
my mum is on concerta xl. my fiancee worked as a pahrmacist and said shes never seen anyone get prescribed the strength my mum is on, yet i can barely have a conversation with her because she will be talking about a topic, and either wont be able to change topic, so i have to wait until shes done, or if im trying to talk to her about something important like the house structural integrity for example;... she goes on about needing to get her hair cut, out of nowhere.   so despite the medication, it doesnt seem to keep her focussed. issue is she is so heavily dependant on the internet for stimulation , and when my dad passed away , all the responsibility of the house and buy to lets fell on her by default. so whilst trying to allow her freedom, and choice, its a constant battle to keep anything moving, tenants happy etc. because any time i try to talk to her, she cant take her eyes away from the laptop.   she has about 25 tabs open all the time, some if not most, is junk, or spam, or scams or sales of useless products that thaw food faster and other bogus claims. trying to get her to understand that no-one who comes to the door to sell her a new conservatory is genuine. shes already lost several grand to cowboy builders and just shrugs it off.   but when we try to talk to her, its just like talking to a tv during the ad breaks.... you get no response and instead get talked at about food, holidays, other tv shows and everything under the sun in the space of about 5 minutes.
The sad thing thing if you do good in school no one beleives you have ADHD.
Cieszę się, że został ukazany fragment naszej kultury w tym filmie.
Bro u really need to turn up the audio on ur vids
You and others who are struggling with meds should check out Theanine. It creates a relaxed alertness and helps with focus. I take it all the time and it really helps
Adderal=/=meth.  Methamphetamine=/=amphetamine. Saying adhd medication is basically meth is stigmatizing and not very helpful..
I'm ADHD af and I was only medicated for it for a little bit when I was lil and it made me completely different and I hated it. While I do super super suck at getting things done on time and have no long term or short term memory; life is much more fun and less depressing.
My brother had the same experience you did with hyper focusing on tasks and getting the timing right. He was able to work it out though and loves it now. Sorry it didn't work for you! It can take a while to get the right med! Don't give up!
Show. Me. The. Cow. Video
I'm really curious about the video of the cow that keeps showing up in the video. any links?
Thank you for making this video. It has genuinely helped me have a better view towards my own ADHD problems.
I have ADHD to I have never god medication >:) look outside your window
Uh I take Concerta
Hey, but we know about everything.   We are ALLologysts. Asks us anything! We most likely know about it because we hyper focused on it once or twice in our lives while we were doing absolutely nothing 😃  We can also hyper connect things in ways normal people can. Want an awesome creative idea about a specific thing? Ask us! We very likely have all the knowledge necessary for that idea scrambled inside our brains and if we have enough IQ points we can come up with ideas that other will have but years into the future. This has happened to many of us waybtoo many times. We are ideas machines.  Also, if you are able to draw all this do you really have ADHD? or your symptoms are extremely mild. I cant even go drink water when im dying of thirst, let alone manage a freaking animation youtube channel, holy cow.
Something that I feel a lot of people don't understand is that ADHD meds are not a magic potion that cures your problems, they are a tool. As someone with severe ADHD, I had to rewire my brain to function normally. The medication just makes that achievable.     The way I did it was that, at the start of the day, I set a 5 minute timer, and for that amount of time, I make a list of all the things I need to do that day, and order them by importance.     After the alarm goes off, I start the first thing. After that thing is done, I take a break and set an alarm for 20 minutes.    After that alarm goes off, I move on to the next thing.     Every 2 hours, I get what I call my "checkup notification". Whenever I get it, I check to make sure I am doing what I need to do.  It seems like a lot, but I now do can do it without the alarms, and I am infinitely more productive because of it.
I think my brain works like that in a way I do a thing, go play video games, forget what I'm most to be doing, get distracted all day by playing games, honestly I might need to get this checked Lol  Oh, Great Video I guess
Oh my I didn't expect the dancing cow at the start 🤣, it caught me off guard 😂
I always though i didn’t have adhd, I think I don’t but after watching the last video and realising that everything he said is what I do makes me think I have adhd. I made a sound to get the attention of my cat forgetting I had water in my mouth. Water go everywhere. yes
I can only focus on math for some reason. I hate math so much but I get pulled into it so deeply. It's like eating peanuts, it tastes so good but it makes me unable to breathe.
One thing that often gets missed in casual conversation about adhd meds (and sadly by a seeming lot of professionals, too) is that they're not a one-step solution. Sure, a fitting prescription basically unlocks your executive function - but that doesn't mean you know how to use it.  Gotta learn that ourselves.
How are you coping now? Sll your symptoms from your previous and current video hit a hard mark on me. Studying in a medical field with adhd is hard
Im thankful I’m doing good with my ADHD meds, even if it’s meth 🥲 I started ritaline and the way you explain how you gain ability is so on point, I don’t care much about focus I just wanted to be able to do things and once I started taking 30mg a day I now have a fully clean bedroom, I deep cleaned my bathroom… It feels nice to be able to see something messy and be able to do it right away
i stopped the video at 20 seconds in to go watch the dancing cow video
you could get therapy or counciling i forget which one it is for adhd if you don't want to take meds its up to you tho.
My fave animator ever. You know jaden and the rest had been phased out but your content is only one that keeps me going as well as emirichu
Melody:😎😄🤗 Lyric:💀
As a person who is very good at following instructions, I have unsubscribed! You're welcome Ice Cream <3
My story is pretty similar but I tried meds earlier, I failed 6th grade so we started looking for meds, I got Ritalin and redid the entirety of 6th grade in 2 weeks and passed, sadly it also made me burnt out as fuck so the medication was way too intense for me so after a while of no meds, I started I think concerta in 10th grade which turned out to be perfect, no bad side effects, not crazy overeffective, just a little help throughout the day
i used to take meds for my ADHD in elementary and middle school, i got every side effect under the sun and tried like 10 different meds, finally i got tired of it and just didnt take them, told my parents i wasnt going to take them anymore the side effects i got were sleepiness, loss of appetite, headaches, and a fun side effect we didnt notice till after i stopped the meds. about a week after i stopped the meds i went through a monster growth spurt, and went through 3 shoe sizes in 3 moths, got taller, and even developed a growth disorder where my bones grew faster than my muscles and caused a shit ton of pain in my tendons. :3 so safe to say i will never trust ADHD meds again, my brother on the other hand, has had no side effects what so ever LOL.
5:18 feels like a normal day to me ... and i dont have any medication nor diagnose for adhd ... they called me hyperactive but thats all ^^
wait till you reach the hyperfocus without meds and realize it has been 3 days since you started
my first lot of meds used to make me really sick and not want to eat, I would sometimes go like a full week just eating things like crackers because I just refused to eat and I was tired. My meds I'm on now make me like hyper aware of EVERYTHING and I have to get up and move or I like physically vibrate in one spot. I do notice though if I forget to take my meds for the day time seems to move a lot faster like it was the end of the day before I even knew it and I would get horrible headaches, but oddly when I'm on them I have time moving at normal speed and less headaches, my focus still wanders but I'm glad I pushed to get onto better medication lmao
when i saw my meds on the list i was "omg! those are the ones _i_ take!"  edit: forgot that * makes it bold, _ is for italics edit 2: literally every other site's markdown is * for italics, ** for bold, *** for italics and bold. youtube you're not special, just do what everyone else does
They gave me vyvance and sheesh that stuff is stuff
I love how the video starts off with a song that’s about drugs and suicide😊
I used to take medication for my adhd but  it just didn't work. I was an emotionless robot when I took them, so after a while, I just stopped and never took them since!
i frequently straight up forget about my meds, i am the queen of no adverse reactions (..besides headaches) cus i think my poor body is used to it
Is it weird that I recently started having these symptoms. Do I have ADHD?
As someone who has Adhd myself, This video is the equivalent of my ADHD life
For me with ADD (a form of ADHD but mainly just hyperactivity in your brain rather than your whole body and brain) it helps when people do tasks with me. They keep me on track with cleaning and make sure that the thing I get distracted by will not hinder my cleaning duty. And this is from a 28yo woman who lives all by herself. It is okay to ask people to help you out on the big tasks. Heck, it may even be fun to do these tasks with someone else. Just make sure that the person you do it with is a bit stern, so that when you end up in a conversation with them, that you don't both end up stopping with this task as the conversation is so much fun.  Oh and I heard from a few others with ADHD/ADD that music distracts them greatly when doing a task and that they do it without music (for me, yeah music distracts me, but without music I get bored and just give up, so this strategy doesn't quite work for me)
i feel your pain i find it hard to focus everyday, what i did to help my ADHD is to force my mind to want to work, but saying 'you can go and do it after', it might work but i was doing that since i was 13, am now 26 so yea.
Poliš Kao
1:51 holy shit that's relatable
Adhd meds don't make you focus on that super important math test you need to study for because its woth 40% of ur final mark. It just makes you focus on whatever random thing you happen to want to do that day. It makes you not care about what ur not doing. Which can be real bad when that life changing thing you were supposed to do just passes you by because you were to busy drawing or something. Doctors are selling an addiction for the most part. Not a always a soloution. I feel like I'd be 15% smarter rn if I didn't kill my brain cells with Adderall and whatever else I felt like taking impulsively in tandem
oh lol i havent taken my adhd vyvanse (30mg) for like a week, i take them when i feel like i really need them if im finiding it super hard to focus in class (before lunch only so that i can sleep) my psych said i dont need to take them everyday unlike sertraline etc and also i noticed once i went off vyvanse i was like...wayyyy less depressed than i normally feel in the afternoons/night :/
it kind of reminds me of when i took antidepressants as a young adult. it helped me a lot... until it didn't. I started feeling bad, emotions started getting out of control worse than before. doc talked about changing tbe dosage and switching types and whatnot. one day I just... dropped the pills alltogether. no transition, no lowering of dosage, I just quit on the spot. and felt much better. also, didn't feel so depressed that i needed drugs ever again. i did try some after a different doc thought it'd help my anhedonism and poor memory...  those were awful months in a semi nauseated state. am done with these things.
I'm glad you took the reasonable, well-researched route of prescription medications, but you dimissed da chili p too hastily.
very funny and relatable video! Also it's not just about the brand but also the dosage. Take too little and nothing happens, take too much and it fucks with your body. For me it was more about finding the right amount than finding the right med.
Your Vynanse feels like my 72 mg Concerta. I’ve been taking 36mg concerta for the last 6 months and I’ve been doing really good I’m on meds but less mgs
Vyvanse worked really well for me… until it raised my blood pressure juuuuust barely too high, I got taken off of it, and now I’m depressed because I miss it so much but there’s a shortage of stimulants 🥲
meanwhile I'm watching this video while switching between tabs and messaging multiple people
Damn yall countries dont throw you into a mental facility when they suspect that you got anything that isnt the norm? Thats crazy
@IceCreamSandwich, have you tried training yourself to be more productive by measuring and keeping track of your productivity.
Honestly most ADHD meds are meth, I've been taking concerta since I was like 14, it's all meth but our brains are just so dopamine starved that microdosing meth gives us normal levels of dopamine
A combination that worked with me really well was methlophenidate and clonodine. But they had to take it away because a study found out that clonodine can kill you liver if mixed with certain drugs. After a few years of being not medicated I am now trying to get re-instated because focusing has become a LOT harder over the last few months
I was prescribed a medication very similar to Concerta for my ADHD. It did exactly that and made me focus on the most random stuff. Like, I literally designed an entire Pokemon region concept based on Greece instead of studying. Also, it gave me intense heart palpitations and I started getting cravings to take more when I wasn't on it because it made me happy and full of energy. That was a scary time.
oh shiz i take concerta
Maybe i do have adhd
vyvanse gave me insomnia but also focus, and adderall gives me Work Done and nothing else so …. Yeah 🥲 adhd is not fun man
Polish Cow! I really love that song a lot  If you like Polish Cow, you may also like Ivanushka from lemondemon (?) (I may have the artist wrong I don't particularly remember who its from)
I want cow video.
Yeah I stopped taking my medication because I felt it wasn’t helping after like 8 years and well I was fine didn’t feel any different even
Suffered from substance abuse alot since 2017 because of my dopamine sponge of a brain but I think I'd be better off if I'd never taken any meds at all. Maybe giving young impressionable impulsive kids watered down meth isn't a good idea.
Thank you for the disclaimer at the beginning, but the OOF I HAD WHEN YOUR FRIEND CALLED ADDERALL METH. It’s an entirely different compound, and this rhetoric leads to so much misinformation and stigma about the different medications available to those with ADHD. I’m really sad you are spreading that too.
The fact that I was watching Polish cow right before this video is too spooky...
Tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu 5 gram 🎶
7:49 Instructions Unclear. ADHD got me distracted. Forgot to unsubscribe. Decided to click the bell instead
how did u know that i was watching the polish cow
Is it just me or is the sound like super low for anyone?  I have mu headphones on and i’m like “W H A T”
FINALLYOHHHHLESGOO
I got put on concerta when i was 7. It was such a huge improvement so fast. D student to As and Bs the rest of the time i was on it. Haven't been for a while but it worked good as a kid. My weird experience was just crying the first day on it but after that it was great!
tylko jedno glowie mam koksu pinc gram
My friend has ADHD, he always likes to talk about himself but at least he doesn't pretend to be interested.
The whiplash I got as a Pole, hearing the words to the song foregneirs know as per "Polish Cow",,,,,,,
OH. MY. GOD. I think I have ADHD
man i have adhd and its sucks
Soms people say that ahdh is crazy and annoying, but when you’re in it, you don’t really feel it. You only feel it when you get rid of it.
I was taking ADHD medication along with Depression and Anxiety meds for a while. I started to have a really bad reaction to the ADHD meds when I got them changed. I went to my doctor to tell him about it and he only told me, “oh this happens to women when they take this. You’re body will get used to it”. It felt like I had period cramps in my chest and lungs. It was hard to breathe and move. When I came back the following visit and told him it was getting worse, he said: “it may have something to do with your weight. Just lose 20 pounds and you’ll feel better”. I stoped taking those meds almost immediately. It took only two days after taking the meds to feel like normal. I go to another doctor and they tell me I was having an allergic reaction to the medication and they were surprised it didn’t kill me. I got so mad at my doctor and had my mom help me get with her doctor. My new doctor is a sweetheart and cares for me and his other patients.
Yeah vyvanse helps me focus but also sometimes makes me forget how to breathe and also gives me dry mouth and sometimes anxiety but I sometimes take it to stop myself from feeling so anxious so it’s like a death loop 💀
Yes, ADHD is unproductive. I was supposed to be working, yet here I am.
As others have said, you WILL find the right meds for you, you just have to keep trying.  Also - and I can't express this strongly enough - it MASSIVELY makes a difference with what you eat and drink too. For me, my meds (Xaggatin XL) make me feel weird as hell if I'm not sufficiently hydrated and if I'm not eating well, they just don't work at all. I *think* it's the protein that makes the main difference food-wise but I'm not 100% sure and your mileage may vary :) Good luck on the journey though, dude! It's a wild ride!
col
I think besides the side affects, you lack discipline. its not a magic drug to get you to do everything, its a drug to focus your thoughts.
His experience with vivance sounds pretty similar to what my OCD and ADHD is like while I'm medicated haha...
when I was around 7, I got diagnosed with ADHD, they gave me medication and at first things went better at school, but I quickly lost my appetite and started not being able to sleep, they started giving me larger doses because the results weren't being met, to the point where they gave me too much for my weight for a while. This went on for about 10 years until I quit cold turkey due to me wanting to get into the military. Suddenly everything improved, I could sleep better, could finally eat again and I started having more fun in life. Only a year later I went back to a psychologist, who diagnosed me with Autism, and said there was no trace of ADHD.
Oh yeah medication ! I remember that one time when I still used my ADHD medication at a higher percentage and it suddenly became unbearable :( I had the constant urge to do something productive like some sort of painful itch I wasn’t allowed to scratch ! Worst part of it all I was on vacation with my family so I couldn’t change my medication and / or do anything productive !! It was horrible… but after I got home and got lesser percentage of that medication I was fine again :)👍🏻
Unpopular take.  If you're not diagnosed with adhd you shouldn't self diagnose yourself. You're probably just addicted to entertainment/youtube/sound.
*sips my caffeine ☕
I got medical cannabis from Bedrocan for other medical issues, but found that Bediol helped with the distractions and constant churning of thoughts. Also helped with overall mood, as I am borderline bipolar at days with how I can swing from euphoria to really down in the basement quite fast. Maybe it's something to consider if you haven't tried it yet. For me, too much thc just cranked the racing thoughts to 11. I could turn that into mega focus for getting things done, but it is so tiring that it's not a good option in the long run.
Yoooo Biały Wengorz
My brothers and I have ADHD. They take Sertraline, and it works for them. But if I take it, I turn into an emotionless psycho. No joke  Meds are so fun :')
I waited soooo long for this video 😂
The one thing I hate about having ADHD is that when I tell people I have it and they say it’s all in my head🫠
I actually didnt hear your voice cause i just play this off the youtube front page but I could totally feel your energy through the chat lol and I can relate to your energy in some ways lol
I have pretty bad ADHD but not to the point of "I'm a big dumb dumby who can't because no" but more "I wanna do the thing I physically do not have the means to do and doing anything else has to wait"  Like, I'll go "Oh it's midnight. I should sleep." It's 2 AM and I'm here. In an hour, I'll probably think of a new invention idea I can't possibly make and talk to myself about it for an hour and then be unable to sleep until I force my brain into the timeout box and just consciously brick myself.  I also refuse to take drugs for it cause I don't wanna be dependent. I want to develop the ability to work with my ADHD to be productive since I know people who pretty much just cannot function without meds or like, they're just a complete mess without their amphetamines. I wish my dopamine worked correctly though.
Why make this your personality?
As a vyvanse user, I feel seen. I have very little control to point myself at the right task, but with the power of reminders, it works🎉 for me at least
"Only one thing on my mind have i which is coke of five grams"
I took adderall for a couple of years, but it honestly made my anxiety PERMANATLY worse 😭I'm sure it helps other people but it just fucked me up big time
The med walking in and the concern for the guy (in charge) on the floor 😅😂
I was diagnosed in the 3rd grade, was told to take ritalin, and it definitely helped with me focusing on homework and paying attention in class, but it had bad effects on my sleep and caused me to not want to play with my sister at all and ended up being really blunt and mean-sounding to her. Then when the drugs wore off because I built a tolerance, the doctor kept encouraging my mom to up my dosage. To which she said "no" and gave me decaf coffee instead.  Been drinking coffee every day since (elevated to caffeine at the age of 12) and have been finding helpful ways to help keep me engaged and focused when I need to work. Background music helps a lot. And I find that for physical tasks it helps when I measure out breaks so I don't over work myself, but I also don't completely forget to stay on task.   For mental ones, lately, I've been noticing I focus the best when I have a long-ish video on (like a long let's play) and it's distracting me more from the task. So I pause it, and tricking my brain into thinking "I'm gonna pause this for a "short" period of time and come back to it after my task". And then the current task doesn't feel so long and then I could focus on it way better. And I've spent literal hours being able to sit and focus like this with only minor repeats of the process to break up the monotony of the silence and reengage my brain.
The thing is that many people (consciously or not) kind of expect medication to be a magical cure-all, which it is not of course. The best thing to hope for is that you function like a non-ADHD human. Who can also get distracted and work on the wrong stuff. Which is why it's good to go to a therapist or something who can kind of learn you how to use your newly unlocked powers
Something you might wanna look into is neurofeedback therapy! It's a type of therapy where the doctor will look at your brain waves and, through weekly sessions, will work with you to train your brain waves to... work better. If that makes sense. It works for a lot of mental illnesses/symptoms, not just ADHD. It takes a while to see the effects, but it can really help! I've been doing it for a few months now and my executive function has been improving a lot! :)
For me Concerta has been helpful but the crash from missing a day is really brutal and it took a while to get used to the side effects. I’m pretty useless without it most days though so I take what I can get.
I find that eating protein,and i mean like at least 2 eggs and some bacon or whatever for breackfast, helps with ADHD and ADD.
Gahh this is so relatable, I know exactly the "just stopped jogging" thing on the non-meth meds, for me it felt like a flywheel was constantly spinning in my chest. Lowering the dose and cutting my caffeine intake way back was enough to find a sweet spot in my case but then my blood pressure went weird and I got taken off the meds anyway. Back to square one! Going to go and finish watching one of the other five youtube videos I opened in new tabs while I was watching this, then I'll get back to work at my job that my employer is paying me to be doing literally right now.
I went cold turkey on my meds last year in August and after taking my meds for a little over a decade I finally was able to feel certain emotions again and I feel it helped me recognize things socially that I was previously numb to. I have not told my doctor I did this and at this point I’ve managed without my meds so well that I don’t think it matters.
As a person with ADHD meds, this is so relatable ✨I've only realised like 3 months ago but concerta works really well for keeping me focused on the right things :)
I was diagnosed about five years ago with ADHD. My symptoms sound very similar to yours, and the five guys talking all at once in the brain is so relatable! I have tons of thoughts:  I've been taking meds since I was diagnosed and I realized that although it helps, because I do need some help, it isn't a silver bullet, even if it's the perfect medication. Focusing on the task you need to do is something you might have to experiment with and practice like I did. While using the medication, I would also evaluate things like my work space, if clutter makes it worse (it does) and having instrumental music playing while only committing 15 minutes to total focus on one task at a time.   The 15 minute thing has helped me SO much because 15 minutes is very little commitment, so it's easier when I think "oh I should really cut this slightly uneven nail" I can say "Actually, I can wait to do it in 15 minutes." Sometimes I will do 5 minutes if I'm really having a hard time and it's still effective. A lot of the time, tasks that I needed to do would get done within that window and this would initiate the ball rolling to rev up motivation. Even if I didn't finish, I would feel good that I got at least something done.   I observed what times of day I would be more focused, and I do have a bit of a pattern. I tend to get more done in the morning, and mid-day/afternoon it's harder to focus, and at around 5 I'm more focused as well. Knowing this lets me be kind to myself if I'm having a hard time. I will let myself step away for a bit like taking a walk, getting coffee, or playing a game for a bit on my phone.  The other thing that really helped, (I know this comes up as a solution so much I slightly cringe having to type it) is truly, legitimately, getting your body moving until you're sweating and out of breath because it is so much more valuable than I realized. This can also be a 5 - 15 minute commitment. You get out energy which really reduces the hyperactivity, and since your brain requires the most oxygen than anything else in your body, you're encouraging optimal functioning by exercising.    I also have gone to therapy for a few years and addressed how I handle emotions, which is important to me since my mood can affect my symptoms. If I'm distressed, there is no way I'm getting anything done. If I'm doing well and taking care of myself, which is most days, then focusing is easier.  This is what worked for me so it may not be the same for you. But over time you'll discover what helps the most and what doesn't and it will get easier to manage.
I can relate the side effects are pretty bad. The side effects are difrent by each person. Im my case I feel very tired and unfilled, in particular when I'm not satisfied with my work. Partly you see the world with a other view and things that didn't bug you before are now a huge problem.
You've got this! Seriously though, it might take years to find exaaaactly the right med, but oh boy, it is night and day when you do. It is going to be VERY frustrating getting there, but it's worth it. Keep on pushing through the unhelpful days, and too helpful days, and you'll get there.
I have adhd I can focus really focus easy but it’s diffrent for everybody forgot names but sometimes I need pure silence after slacking and adhd is different there’s three types and nobody has it the same so claiming one thing is the same is like claiming blinds are the same
tylko jedno w głowie mam, koksu pięć gram, odlecieć sam w krainę zapomnienia
By the way - the song your playing is Polish and it basically says: I've only got 1 thing on my mind, 5 grams of coke hahahah
My question is.... Did this helped make the video faster?
Oh thanks for reminding me. Almost forgot to unsubscribe.
I had to rewind this video so many times because I kept floating off into space with distracting thoughts.  Was it once or twice or ten times?     Somebody tell me, I don't remember 🥺
Finding the right medication (or coming to the conclusion that there is no right medication for you as an individual) is certainly a lengthy process. It's really important to remember that medication isn't a magical thing that will fix all of your problems. You have to have other strategies & skills to pair with the medication to really make progress. Meditation is important (yes, even though it's painfully boring for the ADHD brain), taking care of your body is important, managing your emotions is important, etc. Dani Donovan made the Anti-Planner that's full of hundreds of pages of coping skills & ways to manage your life in a way that works with your brain instead of against it that I highly recommend. You need a greater toolkit to manage your ADHD beyond just medication. There's also ADHD youtube channels out there that can help you as well when you need new ideas & perspective.
Ice cream, from one medicated ADHD person to another. I think you could also use Coaching. It's easy to do chores after a pill because they often have very few small steps. Working on your job or projects, have MANY small steps. So you just.... avoid those or get frozen.  Medication and Coaching, two sides of one coin. Often you need both to get your ADHD in check.
Idk what I was on, but I took meds throughout elementary school for adhd. It caused me to lose my memory of my day to day life back from back then, which is unfortunate bc the parts that were lost were during class when I was supposed to be LEARNING. I can vividly remember the times at breakfast and before lunch, when I would have to take the medicine, but everything in between is a fog lol
dude i love your videos so much <3
Omg NEVER quit meds cold turkey , I did that once with mine , and the withdrawals were the WORST thing I've ever experienced. Throwing up for 2 weeks,  shivering , brain zaps , I couldn't stand or walk straight because my headaches made the world  spin
Holy! the sounds is quite! good video but please, up the sound atleast 2x-3x next time.
I found out a while ago I have adhd, and I also suffer from anxiety a lot. When I started having my adhd medication it was incredible how I could focus on just ONE thing. But it got my anxiety way way worse. So I talked with my psychiatrist and had to stop having them. Sometimes it’s better to be back with adhd
saying that Vyvanse is more "tame" sounds really ironic to me. And yea ik different side effects go to different people, but considering it can LITERALLY GIVE YOU PSYCHOSIS not sure thats the best idea
A) Adderall is an amphetamine, not methamphetamine. That's like saying ethanol and methanol are basically the same thing, blatantly false and contributes to unfair stigmatization of meds as a whole.   B) With some meds you absolutely shouldn't just stop taking them, but with adhd meds its fine. My doctor encourages me to not take meds when I don't need them (primarily weekends and vacations).
I love having beehive brain.
I was dignaosed at a young age with ADHD and instead of med i got the therapy treetment i never consindert taking meds even when i was failling uni. I sometimes still i think about it but i certain i actually know how to controll it. But it also leeds to situation were my inter Life is dependent of me beeing able to Controll it. my best tips (even when im not doing them myself all the time).  1. Try to make a shedual for basic stuff like Houskeeping, workout or other smal task. 2. Write down your thoughts in a info dump kinda way it helps me to drain my brain. 3. Its okay to ask people even it is multiple times (most can understand)   But yeah its sometimes still hard especially when i have to deal wit people who think ADHD isnt something real or just dont seem to understand what it realy does.
The dopamine in the corner bit killed me, too relatable
nooooooooooooo not popek
each person is affected differently by each pill. you should probably try to find the medication that works
Methamphetamine is Desoxyn, not Adderall.  Also, Vyvanse is pretty much the same thing as Adderall.  It IS the same thing as Dexedrine.  Adderall is a mixture of Amphetamine and Dextroamphetamine.  Dexedrine is only Dextroamphetamine.  Vyvanse is Dextroamphetamine with a lysine unit bound to it which must be shorn off in the small intestine before the Dexam is available which is useful if Dexedrine or Adderall are causing digestive issues since they can be absorbed through the stomach and esophagus.   Your friend didn't know what he was talking about.  "Hey bro, you're pretty much taking methamphetamine when you take dextroamphetamine mixed with amphetamine.  You should only take dextroamphetamine."  It turns out sticking that extra methyl group on the amphetamine molecule does a WHOLE lot.
Tylko jedno w glowie mam - Representation of polish culture done right
You know, the more I hear about other people's experience with both ADHD as well as how medication affected it, and the more I reflect on the circumstances surrounding my diagnosis...  I think I was misdiagnosed. Yeah, sometimes I still get the 1:08 situation in my brain, but I can just silence all that by stopping and imagining the dial up internet sound. It's a mental reset.  I've been off my medication for almost 5 years now and I've gotten better without it.
I have severe ADHD. After about 4 years of research, back and forth with my psychiatrist, this is what I take. 54mg of a long releasing stimulant like concerta, and 2 reuptake inhibitors, 1 for dopamine and 1 for serotonin. The stimulant is to get my brain to release more neurotransmitters like dopamine and serotonin, and the reuptake inhibitors prevent my brain from dumping the dopamine and serotonin too quickly. Now of course what I am taking is unusual even for an ADHD patient, but that's how bad it is for me because my body keeps resisting the change that the meds are supposed to do, 1 drug isn't even close to being enough so I need 3. Preferably I need like 100mg of a stimulant but that would be an overdose and illegal.... and it might kill me. So the reuptake inhibitors are there to act like that other hypothetical 50mg stimulant. SO how do I feel? Fine. Not amazing, just fine. My brain really doesn't want to submit to the drugs. So stubborn. What I'm taking could put others into a mad house, but that's just how us ADHD people are, we're all so different.
I love ice cream sandwich and this youtuber too
My meds as a child made it feel like there was pressure on my head and my insides empty
I had a super important exam today and in the middle of it, I just started thinking about the best webtoon I've ever read  Its about this guy who reads this story his entire life....  Wait, right, exam.   Yeah, I'm not diagnosed, so I don't even get extra time or such
Dislike
I was on Vyvanse for most of my school career. I stopped taking them near the middle of high school and I cannot tell you how I felt or how it affected me.
had a similar experience with adderal when i was a teen. diagnosed and put on 100mg. got depressed because of that and the zoloft and ended up trying to OD on adderal. yeah don' do dat. did the same thing though, just stopped taking all meds, felt awful for about a week, and have been living with distractability for 20 or so years. weeeeee
Not me literally watching this instead of doing any of the things I’m supposed to
13 months on Ritalin, been wanting to get off it for the last 7, but I'm too enticed by the ability to get stuff done *sometimes*. "Do not be tunnel-visioned on results" was the thing I needed to hear today. From one ADHD creative to another with mixed results from meds, I feel you
If you don''t like reading: OMEGA-3 3 GRAMS A DAY WITH MEAL VERY GOOD. LOTS OF PROTEIN ALSO GOOD. ALSO WATER GOOD. BUT MOSTLY OMEGA-3 VERY GOOD. To you Senior Sandwich & fellow Goblin-Ferret-Brained individuals: Meds or not, Omega-3 is immensely helpful and very gud for your brain. With taking 3 grams a day (with a meal or snack) I find my brain-fog is noticeably reduced, my thoughts feel more clear, and it makes it easier to focus and work through mental tasks. It ain't a miracle but it certainly helps. On top of that - SHIT TONS OF PROTEIN. Your brain needs fuel for gains too.
I stopped taking meds for my ADHD a long time ago. I took dexmethylphenidate (idk if I spelled that right), basically meth, in middle school. It at least calmed me down so I wasn’t an annoyance to my poor teachers, but it didn’t help me focus at all and kinda just made me dull-brained. 0/10 would not reccomend
I remember going to a psychiatrist seeking to rid of my severe phobia for hospitals and dentists and told him I might've adhd and he simply  assigned adhd meds Ritalin and Atomoxite without testing it(or smth along those lines) first day I used them in the evening and woke up 2 days later. That combo of meds felt like my own consciousness was thrown into a ridiculously small locker with very small breathing room my brain was mostly on autopilot and it took a whole ass year for the psychiatrist to tell me I don't have adhd but Autism and started to deem it necessary to stop taking the meds. Withdrawal from the meds had the side effects ranging from emotional instability to psychosis which was quite fun :3  And now thee more i keep watching adhd sandwich videos I'm starting to realize i might have some form of adhd alongside with Autism probably from those meds which is awesome but now I'm too scared to get treated from my previous bad experiences with psychiatrists and therapist:( I'm happy for those that meds and therapy worked and improved their life significantly but sometimes those meds can bring you to the lowest points in your life when gone unnoticed and I wish would be more precautions at least in my country to prevent that from happening but well it is what it is I suppose
As someone who also is on ADHD medication, this video is very relatable
My first morning I took adderall I was walking into work and stopped and literally said out loud "holy shit" cause it was the first time in my life I didn't have 8 million voices and distractions in my head and I can only compare that feeling to getting glasses in 3rd grade and realizing that blurry vision wasn't normal and how everyone else saw. Now that there's a shortage I'm realizing how much just having a small booster one for the afternoon made life so much easier
Ok I unsubscribed as you said, I'll sub again if your next video orders me to.
bro sounds schysofrenic
so the 2nd one i think i have, not the mental symptoms or whatver but i cam relate to the productivity sine graph, sometimes i get way too interested to the point where i remember thinking about quantum physics in my geography gcse
I unsubscribed as asked, but then got distracted with more Ice Cream Sandwich content, and was like, "Hey this guy is pretty great!" and I accidentally resubscribed. Now it's too much work to click the button again, so I'll just do it later or something, idk.
ritilan is pretty effective for me
I was given adderall as a kid, and to get more I'd have to be taken to a psychiatrist to evaluate me first. I don't recommend using that...horrific thing. Sometimes your body doesn't flush it out correctly and you end up with an opium high...
There are plenty of drugs that you can just stop taking You just have to ask your doctor or pharmacist before to find out which ones you can stop taking at any time
oh my god icecream sandwich hates poland
I was on  Adderall for a year or so and I never noticed it until you said it. But it was so easy to hyperfixate on physical things because I could see them and the progress I made. Not so much my studying/ schoolwork that needed to be done. My other medication changed and eventually Adderall no longer worked for me and just made me space out all the time so now I’m trying methylphenidate. So far I haven’t noticed anything
I was on Ritalin along with similar medication for like 5 years before I gave it up about 6 months ago. I remember it started out great but as time went in the side effects like cold sweaty extremities and my personality quite drastically changing got worse and worse. At around the years 4.5 mark one of my best mates asked me if everything was ok because for the past couple of weeks I had just turned up at school, not said anything and had avoided talking to him and any of my other friends and had looked really stressed out and shaky. I had absolutely no idea this was going on because somehow I just thought it was normal behaviour but when he said that to me I really thought about it for a second and suddenly I could see what the meds had been doing to me and my social life I’ve the past couple of years so I went and talked with my doctor and we were able to get me off the meds for a while. My friend would tell me after a while that it seemed like I had returned to the old me and I was certainly a whole lot happier with my life in general so I talket to my doctor agin so that I would permanently be off the meds. The result is basically that my results at school went down a bit across the board but I think I’m a lot happier now.  I don’t want to scare anyone away from considering medication. I have a couple of friends including my brother who have been on it for longer than I have and they haven’t seemed to have any issues with it so I’m my opinion it’s worth trying out 🤷‍♂️
3:07 finally, he's gonna release him after many years... *right?*
This is amazing accurate to my experience thank you so much you're the man
ADHD its a acronym for  Ambrogio Doing Hype  Dance
What if I took /all/ the available ADHD medication at once, that sounds like it’d just instantly fix my ADHD.
Psych drugs probably need to be paired with therapy. Heyyyy so I’ve been medicated for a few years now for ADHD, and it’s definitely a process figuring out what works and what doesn’t work. But I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND getting some therapy as well. ADHD is very poorly understood in our society and that can lead to some frustrations that follow us through our lives, so getting therapy to find the root causes of our attention and self-discipline issues is vitally important, and it’s something that psychiatrists are NOT generally providing.
I have diagnosed ADHD and have tried so many things. And for me, HIGH DOSE FISH OIL, like uttra strong EHA ones 4 pills a day, with L-Tryosine ( amino acid already in body) are the only things that help with my short term memory problems.  No meds helped with my focus to get what I wanted to do done.  I tried all the ADHD meds and nothing worked.   So I have accepted that my brain does not work with modern day capitalism.  It excels at learning things it wants too.  And when i have a dealine---i leave it to the last min as that terror is the fire under my bottom is the only thing that will make my hyperfocuse and do it.  And thats ok.
god dammit ice cream sandwich ill even watch your ad cause its so well made
Wrong moral of the story. If there's something to learn is that NEVER try out medication without doctor approval, and without consulting with one first. Especially if it's something new like this, you could have gotten heart issues and what not if you kept going. Also contact a doctor asap when you take meds and you start having bad symptoms!
I mean, I know you're explaining ADHD and in ADHD it's actually exaggerated to the point where you're less productive than those with a high functioning mind. But these "symptoms" are just "everyone"
I send the vid of the polish cow to my gf. Didn't read the english lyrics yet 💀
I've had a very similar experience with ADHD and meds myself. Adderall made me loose my appetite and have weird heart problems (like meth) Vyvance gave me shortness of breath too. Now I'm on Ritalin and I works great! If you take it, just make sure to start out with a low dose and work your way up. If you take too much, you'll just get an anxiety attack lol
My meds are shit 👍
I'm actually kind of surprised you got diagnosed this late! Men with ADHD are typically diagnosed in early childhood. I'm honestly kind of glad, because that means you've had the time to develop some coping skills and management instead of being immediately medicated and depending on it heavily.  Now I really don't want to be a backseat doctor, but if anyone with ADHD/ADD is reading this comment and you're experiencing similar issues as IceCream at the end of the video, PLEASE speak to your doctor. As you get older, you will need lower doses of medication as to not adversely effect your heart. A very big risk factor with ADHD medication is heart problems. Tread carefully!   Also ask your doctor about slow release or fast release, and figure out what works best for you.  (I am speaking from experience. Twofold.)
Yesterday I was at the gym watching your old videos and thinking, hmmmm it's been a while since he posted, what a shame. And NOT 24 HOURS LATER YOU POST. I feel like a fortune teller men
Go for more! I took like 5 before I got *something*. And, and and and if you have other psychiatric conditions like depression and anxiety you just might wanna target those first.
Pro tip from someone with ADHD, don't do a university degree if school was hard for you. Learnt the hard way 🤣
Nice
I’ve yet to go on drugs for my ADHD, but I have done some experimentation with supplements, so far L-Tyrosine (An amino acid) and memoractiv (from Thorne) have helped quite a fair bit, though I’ve noticed after a little while my body gets used to the memoractiv and I have to ditch it for awhile
Sound is super quiet in this video or is it just me?
Thanks for the reminder at the end, I only subscribed for the resolution of this story. 😂
Si soy
The irony of watching half of this video and then wandering into the YouTube shorts for 5 minutes is absurd.
can i use nord vpn for my wall??
what u did to that laptop was really mean i hope u apologized :(
I have it, Vivan stopped working as my ADHD had got worse with ADHD
You can’t sleep because you took it too late in the day 😭
My ADHD was not ever medicated. I wonder if I wouldn't fail college if I had any medicine...
Take sttratera
My ADHD ass couldn't stop thinking about the song from cow video at the beginning. And I had to rewatch this video. Are you Polish or at least know the meaning of this song? XD
There are good strategies that you can employ to help combat ADHD, but I guess it may depend on the severity. I took Adderall whenever I was younger and it made me emotionally unstable. I had a cousin who took it and it did the same to him. I've known a lot of other people who took it without any problems like that but for us it did weird things.
Praying and meditating on God's word really does help🥰      I have symptoms too but I don't consider myself ADHD because I don't like giving myself labels....it hurts because it just feel wrong... and I am healing too :)
It took me 90 minutes to watch this cus i paused it to get some water but ended up cleaning my whole room before realising I just wanted to get some water and finish the vid
As someone who actively avoids commercials, I'd still watch your videos if it was only the sponsored segment
God this video is one of yours that has made me laugh the hardest, and in such a good way. I love your work! I'm 100% undiagnosed medically because my parents never wanted to, but have all the symptoms and relate to everything you've said. But being a 22 y.o. now, the "but medicated" addresses so many issues as to why I don't want to get on meds, especially because I am not a big fan of medications in general... maybe sometime in the future I'll look into it more or use an alternative. Such a good video!😄❤️
Medication is a Tool, not a cure. ADHD is a curse and a blessing. You’re able to do amazing things nobody else can, but you also are incapable of many things other people do with ease. I personally don’t have any side effects with Ritalin but it only muffles my symptoms, which is also kinda what i need. I don’t like it when it’s all gone, feels like I’m not myself. The shortness of breath thing and heart racing happens to me when I’m on a too high dosage. You mentioned in a video that you’re quite skinny, maybe your doc overestimated the dosage? Good luck!
“Don’t forget to unsubscribe!” Ok! *Presses on the Subscribe button, subscribing to the channel.* wait
Nice Vid homie, good luck
I thought my headphones were giving up but turns out the video is just a little quiet. ^^'
Why the sound so low ?
1:52 so good.
i used to use concerta, it didn't really do anything for my work ethic o-0 but it fucked up my apatite and thus i am short. and for some reason my parent's never thought to just.... try a different medication. so now i don't use any at all?
im 19 and id been medicated for adhd(and gad) since like 6th grade. i was on so many different medications and doses that eventually i was so emotionally numb that nothing would do anything productive. the only thing that helped me was cold turkeying the four meds that i was on at one time. granted, i was also medicated for depression and whatnot, but yeah meds just arent for everyone.
the issue is that medication alone can't magically solve adhd issues. as you said, you were able to focus but on the wrong things (and also other issues). it can work for some but not everyone. that's why therapy accompanying it, is also important. you can learn lots of skills that can help you deal with the adhd symptoms, especially meditation practices.  also there are studies that show, that meditation practices and therapy have a longer lasting positive effects on adhd than meds do.
I took Vyvanse for a while and the thing that made me stop taking it is that it ruined my appetite for hours. I would be incredibly hungry but I just couldn’t eat. Curious if this happened to anyone other than me.
Ice Cream Sandwich's ADHD on Vyvanse is my ADHD by default ._.
as a dude who also has ADHD I have developed certain abilities that allow me to focus on tasks  do not ask me how I managed this I don't know either
I think I have ADHD (I've been thinking about it for a year and a half so I'm pretty sure there's something) so let's call this self-diagnised ADHD. Like I said I've been suspecting I have ADHD for a year and a half, I told my parents about it but they didn't really seem to care (I'm a minor btw). So I told my doctor the last time I went and he gave me some sort of prescription to go see a neurologist. But before that I needed the magic french green health insurance card bc otherwise it would cost my dad money to take me there. I recieved the card yesterday (also my dad sent them a very mediocre picture of me to put on the card that will follow me my whole life, thanks dad) so now I just have to convince my dad to take me to a neurologist because there is no reason not to anymore. Also I don't get why I wasn't diagnosed as a child. For context I took an IQ test when I was 8, and I was above average. Though the symptoms they related to the IQ are also the symptoms for ADHD, and it was so obvious I don't get why I wasn't tested for that as well. And I had a big speed deficiency or irregular speed on the tests (faster in difficult tasks bc challenge and slower in easier tasks), that wasn't "normal" and they didn't do anything about it my parents and everyone else just told me "just stop being slow". So I did. Now I reach the average writing speed for people my age but I have trouble focusing. I remember daydreaming everyday in class during my time in primary school and I got A's. I went to the school psychologist with a little toy to fidget and it was easier for me to concentrate like that. I don't understand how I got to see the school psychologist and no one noticed the rest of the symptoms. Anyway I have to stop procrastinating now bye
Took me a long time to get meds that worked. And some people do better with other treatment options! But concerta has worked well for me for years 😊
Yes
Ive been taking Medikenet ( idk how to spell it ) and for me that’s just kinda heightened the intensity all of my thoughts which is really bad for anxiety but idk I am a lot more focused 🤷‍♂️
*Crazy coincidence, but as someone who just was put on meds for ADHD, this is quite relatable video*
I have adhd I dont take meds I just cooprate with the 5 brain cells left in my brain
Im having my adhd meds while looking at this
Sure being able to focus is cool but so is zoning tf out and falling asleep when you have 5 projects due tomorrow.
Since I'm 7 I take medication against ADHD. My meds are called Elvanse and it is a amphetamin. I can tell through experience it helps a lot but can couse depression.
Concerta helped me a lot
Concerta ☠️ not a fan of that one
I’m on concerta! I was on it when I was younger but I got up to the highest dose and had to go off but hated all other meds so I tried the unmediated thing for like 8 years and I went back on the lowest dose as an adult and I’m having great luck with it! The worst part is around 10pm when the adhd comes back into my body and I get the adhd paralysis lol but I feel like that’s any medication😂😂
You and me both bud
I'm back on meds myself and boy has it been difrent  I'm on a low dose now it's better
Bro I just love ur content fr
Loved the video, but it was sooooo quiet. Had to turn it up and blasted my ears off with the next video because I forgot lmao
If you're not doing well on your meds, stop taking them. It's your body and your mind. As long as you're not hurting anyone else, forget what your psych says.
I took concerta from age 13 til 18. Worked out just fine. Everyone's different. They tried me on ritalin first, boy howdy did that not work at all ever lol. Where was I going with this? Oh, right. I hit my head real hard when I was smaller, and then that was the first instance of any adhd symptoms, after that. I had my atlas realigned by a professional who was not a chiropractor because he actually fixes problems, and the H in adhd went away, so now I basically self-medicate with caffeine and everything's fine. I get addicted then have to cleanse from caffeine every other week, but an overall better experience than taking a pill that costs like 1200 apiece.
These ADHD vids have been so so good!!
I too took Vyvanse. It didn't help me focus.
I do not have ADHD but the swarm of bees, trumpets, and thinking of if pudding is a solid or not is a constant theme. I thought my brain was just processing info quickly, trying to come up with jokes LOL
ADHD meds are as varied as how ADHD affects people, you can either not take any and try to get yourself to work without em. Or you can try them until you find what works, for some people it's only a certain med, for others it's a certain med at a specific dosage. Adderall didn't work with me, but high dosage Concerta did help a bit, at times....ok not really, but uh....oh god.  The important thing is to have the right doctor that cares and knows this stuff. If you have a doctor that disregards your wishes because they don't like a certain med and they want you to take this other one, then that doctor doesn't care or potentially understand the whole picture of your problem.
Possibly weird question, but did you ever get imposter syndrome from your adhd once you got diagnosed? Mine is much more mellow and is all focus and impulse control I wasn’t sure that I even had it till I got diagnosed and now that I am I feel like I’m cheating the system by taking my meds for some reason, not helped by the fact that I get mild physical anxiety symptoms which according to the note inside the Ritalin box is not uncommon.
I have adhd aswell i got diagnosted at the age of 28 (im 32 now). On the side i have been drinking  alkohol regularly from the age of 16 till last year. I turned out to be an alkoholic and my adhd was the worse in the last years of my drinking problem.  (I quit alkohol whit alkoholics anonymous) Since im clean my ADHD symptoms went from crazy to maintainable in one year. I used some behaviour conditioning on myself aswell . I also tried weed but that jist killed my motivation and turned me into a slob. Ultimately my addiction to alkohol and the side effects of it made my ADHD unbearable. Also i took a couple of months to feel the postive change whit my adhd manifest. Because of alkoholics anonymous i would like to encourage anyone to quit drinking EXPECIALLY people qho have adhd give it a try and stop for 2 months. Anyway do whatever feels right and good luck
i feel like meds kinda just stopped working for me, they also made me tired all the time. maybe my adhd is just too powerful to be contained. (also possibly infected with autism) <- this is a joke, do not yell at me i will cry
First 10 hours
I tried a bunch of different meds before I found that low dose Ritalin worked the best for me! :) I do the 4 hour fast release. You still sometimes get the “hyper focus on the wrong thing when the meds hit” but super significantly less and after about an hour or two u can usually snap out of it. If u give yourself behavioral structure and alarms for these meds they can work really well (such as the meds by themselves are helpful in controlling my adhd, I also use alarms and multiple white boards with check mark reward based systems to help structure and visualize my day — visualization is one of the best organizational things for adhd). Hope this helps!!
how to fix your problems 1. dḏúgś
Drug addiction is a crime. Why is ADHD not a crime? Drug addiction and ADHD make you abuse psychoactive drugs. Drugs are bad. 🌈
As a person with 3 friends with ADHD or a form of it, they... Are random. I can be talking about one thing, or even nothing at all, and all of a sudden they just say the weirdest thing imaginable.  Also they indeed have almost 0 focus, which is quite annoying seeing how I am (in my opinion) someone who's pretty good at focussing.
I took Ritalin for most of my middle/highschool days to help me focus.  It did help, but not in a big noticeable way, I'd more so notice it if I'd forgotten to take it, cause then I just couldnt focus for shit. Also had a bit of the same issue of taking a while to kick in and then if it hit it could just worsen my focus on the wrong thing.  I quit taking it a few years ago though cause nowadays it really fcks with my throat and makes me feel kinda nauseous and sometimes puts me kinda on edge.  Ritalin is also apparently a very strong, very addictive drug if you take it thr wrong way, something I never did, but only found out about later.
This is such a mood, I've been taking meds for ADHD since I was a kid at first I was on Adderall and that worked pretty well, until I started gaining a tolerance because I had been taking it for 20 years. Then I started taking Vyvanse but the switch was mostly for my eating habits and hoping to control them better (side note, didn't work). What I've learned from taking medication for 20 some odd years is that it makes your heart rate higher which makes you hyper aware of what's going on with your body, withdrawal from not having them a few days absolutely sucks, and I honestly just don't fully feel like myself but rather what other people want. I won't say it didn't help, it definitely did but now I have less to focus on and don't really need it as much. It's a mixed bag when you're medicated but it's also a mixed bag of cat's when you're not. Really can't win
i dont have ADHD but that sounds like.. i dunno BAD, keep it up!
This makes me think Adderall might be the route I need to take. I can focus just fine once I start a task, but no matter how much I WANT to DO the task - I physically cannot bring myself to do it. And if I somehow manage to start a task, I give up pretty quickly.
No, sir, I'll swiftly and gladly forget to unsubscribe.
I've been diagnosed and medicated since I was 10. I cannot function without it.   I currently use Methylphenidate, which I think is a type of Ritaline.   It makes me able to not only do chores, but to plan things WAY head of time, get things done and also to get really hyperfocused on my actual uni assignments, which is amazing.  The few days where I forgot to get new meds all I can do is sleep.
Personally I take Xaggitin and it helps me a lot but I have the some sort of symptoms but unfortunately for me my options are limited as this is the least severe symptoms I've had with long term medication, and what I do is Monday-Friday on Sat Sun Off and the occasional long weekend
Look. I started on aderall and then went to Vyvanse afterwards cause aderall had bad side effects. my experiences were a bit similar and also different. Now I’m just like. Raw dogging it cause like fuck it.
wait, do i have adhd? :0
Keep with it bro. Im still trying. Just started a 2nd type today. I just wanna be able to achieve the shit normies do with the same amount of effort.
call it self medicationg cause i have adhd and im tripping balls rn
sounds like vivance was basically hyperfocus every day
Have it and on meds In Germany 🇩🇪  You guys have a health care system like every 3rd world land Also my med is Methylpheni TAD in the form of Ritalin
I have ADHD, had the same experience so I stopped taking meds and ever since that I have more freedom and happier.  but that's my experience.
You need to take Ritalin, its very effective for Produktion And focus
Oh thanks Andy, I almost forgot to unsubscribe.
me seeing this 2 minutes after taking my vyvanse, knowing I'm actually at school, and supposed to be doing my mock exam...
My friend has ADHD and hoo boy those meds made her hallucinate......it was very....interesting from a second-hand experience 0_0
Son, get the leash. He's off his meds again
From my own experience with focus issues, what's working for me the best is just.. being aware of what you're doing and thinking. And taking breaks when your brain isn't working with you.  As an example, personally I lose the ability to focus the most when I'm hungry, so as soon as I figure out that my brain is starting to be "slippery" and slips out of focus for my work, I go "okay, it's lunchtime soon and I can't do much of anything productive right now, so I better get started cooking"  And then I procrastinate on cooking for a half hour
I don’t take meds, I just have my iPad, TV, Switch, phone and computer in front of me and on at all times and I get stuff done kinda :3
Om nom yummy drugs
wow this video is really quiet
Yeah ADHD meds is just gambling and balance, I like to not take my adderall on weekends
🤦 let's all take meths I mean meds
polish cow
Anyone feel like meds is like having a rock on your head I do
The intro is funny to me because "The Polish Cow Song" is about begin high on crack and we're talking about medicine :P
For me, I used concerta. It  has helped me a lot when it comes to focusing and finishing tasks however...one of the side effects were isolation which completely destroyed my social life and in the begining of the medication I had headaches, that subsided (for me) after a week-ish. But, other side effects stayed during the duration of my taking the medication such as lack of sleep, nervousness, loss of appetite , and anemia. I stopped taking it in the middle of 2019, but still struggle with some of these effects, I'm a rounder beech now hehe
Ritalin works fine for me, though I have to change the dose or type every few months to keep it working, also it's dirt cheap cause it so old
Unsubscribed mah boi
Thanks I didin't forgot to unsubscribe
Hey guys I have ADHD and I’m NOT on meds. After literally a year of trying to find what works to focus, I figured out these tips:  - I have to write down anything I am working on because as I work obstacles come up and they turn into distractions. The writing helps me remember what my goal was.  - I tend to be OCD wanting things perfect. This becomes an obstacle to my goals because as I’m working, things don’t work as planned which sends me on a rabbit trail to get things to be as I personally planned. Life doesn’t work that way, and so I had to learn to ignore things that are not related to my goal, or meet half way to use a method that wasn’t my perfect preferred ways, but still gets the job done.  - I am a perfectionist, and have had to learn any project I want to “turn in” will never be up to the ideal standard I had hoped for. It’s embarrassing to turn in “unfinished work”. But the reality is I’m just a super tough critic.  - I had to learn how to break down large tasks into smaller tasks and make lists. Then as I work I stick to the list. I am not allowed to work unless I have a written plan first. This keeps my brain focused on goals and not small tasks.  - I learned there’s always a barrier to get started. Like I emotionally don’t want to start. So I set a 20min timer to force myself to start. Once I’m “in the zone” and I see progress I naturally get focused in on the task.  - as Alex said, it’s easy to do physical work but hard to do mental work. I learned I have to verbally talk out my thinking as voice recording. And also use lots of office paper to write out my plans. Get your thoughts out in front of you on paper.
why is this video so quiet
I don’t have adhd, but I do have autism. So I have to take meds for that and it’s not that bad. As long as I remember to have them. And if I don’t, I get terrible withdrawal issues where I throw up everywhere every 5 or so minutes. And I also can barely stomach down anything. Not even water. So uh- yeah
my small brain is cool. i am just barely scraping by on my degree course as everything i make to me is not good enough and so i don't feel like working but then i beat myself up and misrebull for not working so then i go to do the work but can't get the ideas down to create something as i get distracted and...it's just a big circle i am in. its fun, i don't know what things i have eating at my brain matter but i atleast know what one of them is. i just wish i could have been able to keep that one pushed into the back of my mind for a little longer so i didn't have to deal with it now.
I know this is not what you intended, but talking about the positive effects of these meds can send of the wrong signal to a lot of younger viewers. I think the majority of people on the internet experience these "symptoms" of adhd, well you know because we're humans, and too often they conclude that they have adhd, which is kind of harmless until you start talking about meds. you might say that these are precipitation drugs so it's not up to you, and although you are right in a way, the truth remains that if someone believes that he have adhd he\she will get a hold on these meds, either by buying off from their friends, going to phony doctors or by exaggerating his symptoms to a doctor. I think this topic should be handled more carefully, especially because young people are often exposed to it and often assume that they have it.
ICECREAMSANDWICH IS OFF HIS MEDS! PAAAAAANIC! 😱
I hav ADHD too
I'm currently waiting to have a doctor look at my adhd and decided whether I should be medicated or not :) And I mean considering the fact that I'm working on finding a job so I can drop out of my countries equivalent of high-school I probably should
i recognized the voice at 4:44 and i think it may be a youtuber named fanaticalight. he went through very difficult times in the past year or two and i recommend sending them some love and subbing to them
“Don’t forget to unsubscribe… wait-“
Tylko jedno w glowie mam...
Yeah don't ever just stop taking your meds. I used to take amitriptyline as a sleep aid but it is primarily an antidepressant. It worked alright as a sleep aid, but I also really didnt like the side effects it was causing. So instead of talking to a doctor amnd trying something else, I just stopped taking my meds. After a couple days I started to feel physically ill. I had stomach pains, headaches, etc. Definitely talk to your doctor before stopping your meds cold turkey.
it takes me months to memorize someones name most of the time
Coming from experience, ADHD meds are WILD. As an adult off meds I can't imagine handing a middleschooler meth and just thinking, "Yup no problems here, enjoy"
I mean im a normal human who used to take Concerta.  It was like a mix of both physical and mental focus in one little bundle.
Fun fact: if you take meth and you feel fine and feel VERY productive that means you have ADHD
tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu 5 gram
Justice for compy
I stopped taking my adhd meds because they would make me lethargic yet my heart would feel like it's racing. I hated it. So I just stopped having the attention span of 10 seconds. It didn't happen over night, but I managed to temper myself and focus on things. Now I feel like a normal adult, all it took was some motivation.
To be honest, watching your videos helped me realize I have ADHD lol Got diagnosed and meds and everything. Thanks for talking about it so readily, I just thought it was normal to have several things going on at once in my head
as someone who's taken vyvance at the highest dose for years (70mg) I'd like to note that while yes. it does help you focus. you need to keep in mind it can only go so far to help you. you need to be able to tear yourself away from a distraction on your own and get back on track. in my experience its a god send when you get the train started moving. once did an animation that would normaly take me a month in 13 hours o3o was a great day (this has only happened once in 10 years of being an artist). (this might be more of a statement on my inability to focus rather then the magic of the pills but its not always like this. make sure to talk to your doctors and test the various medecines till you find the one that fits you. and don't forget different dosage levels will have different effects on you)  in my case. side effects range from insomnia if im not carful when i take the pill (time of day. it can last almost 10+ hours) to a lack of hunger (but still hunger pangs) and is fairly common any day i take it. also... make sure you have insurance for this stuff. a bottle of vyvance's street or individual pill cost is like 10 bucks a pill or somthing cause it has no generic version. stuffs crazy expensive. but thats meth for you. *wheeze.jpg*
Just for those who don't know- usually medication is paired with cognitive behavioral therapy (but like who has the money for that??) So the solution (if you want to be on medication) would be to find the right medication and try to behavioral therapy yourself for the best results
From watching this video, I'm so glad my ADHD subsided after Middle School. Had to take meds until High School and then I guess I was fine
why volume low :(
moral of story is half adderol half seckend
PLEASE TAKE ALL OF YOUR AUDIO ADD DYNAMICS SET A LIMITER TO -6DB AND THEN JUST PUT DUMMY GAIN ITS SO QUIET
It is not a coincidence that the dancing cow singing about drugs in Polish is featured in this video
Not adhd personally but I've had meds for other things... I just got tired of the "doctors" always changing stuff around and screwing me up worse...I legitimately have nerve damage on one side from the meds c:
If you are struggling with ADHD, and are frustrated because you easily loose Focus, here is a trick that I have learned over the years:  If you cant seem to find your Focus, Take a deep breath, and try Not to Sense anything but that breath, Focus so hard in it that it becomes Impossible for you to Focus in anything else, then remind yourself what you are doing, why you are doing this and that it is perfectly fine to do that, and that it is Not boring, it is there to be done by you, and you are there to conquer this task, and If needed, make a Game Out of it (you can give yourself Scores for being on that Task, the more you do the more Points you get)  It will build up that disciplined focus and ignite fun in "boring" tasks Sometimes fast music without Lyrics, or slow music will keep that restless leg, that "i'd rather do Something else" bouncing Leg, calm and your mind busy in the backround Sincerely, someone who lives with ADHD for 28 years now  I Wish everyone in Here the best ♥️
I havent gotten tested but I have done an uh experiment. I've always had symptoms but never really noticed cuz me, but my best friend she basically was like "your spirit animal has to be a golden retriever" "wym" "you are the definition of has adhd." We had a friend who was prescribed Adderall. We knew that Adderall basically had two reactions depending on if yiu have adhd or not. You become hyper and doing a bunch, no adhd. Calm down a lot, you have. So we went up to her and we were like "heyyyy can he (me) pop one of those?" Our friend was like "sureee!" So she gave me a pill and I popped it while I was hanging out with a bunch of my friends. I felt dull but with a lot of hyper ig so I was like "oh I might just be a goofy mf" but my friends were like "yeah you were REALLY calm and chill." So ig I have adhd but ion know.
I want the ''ability''. Concerta doesn't really do much for me ;-;
anybody got the link for the cow video
Ive been taking concerta for 9 months now and it has changed my life so much! I can eat 3 (simple) meals a day! I can wash my clothes! I can (somewhat) do the dishes! I have also had weekly appointments to help figure out rutines and strategies that work for me. Both have helped, but in combination they have changed my life. The meds felt like getting a pair of glasses for the first time, a good foundation to build my day around.  (Also yay free healthcare because this would have been crazy expensive otherwise...)
The out of breathe problem is because vyvanse dehydrates you alot, just drink a lot more water.
Andy: “Don’t forget to unsubscribe…”  Me: “NEVER!!!”
I NEED THE COW VID! 😭
I’m both surprised and proud of you for not titling this video “I tried ADHD medicine and accidentally learned rocket science”.
7:50 Emplemon, is that you?
as someone who has been trialing adhd meds for nearly 10 years, started with i was 9, the different ways the pills can effect you are crazy, the one i’m trying rn, when it kicks in, ur heart rate goes up INSTANTLY and u can feel it, which is pretty wack lmao 😭
i got diagnosed with adhd at 15. i started taking well-butrin (bupropion) which is commonly used for addicts or alcoholics who are coming down from something as to not have withdrawls. it helped almost immediately (it pretty much supplied my brain with high amounts of dopamine) and it worked so well. my brain wasnt loud anymore, i was able to focus on one thing at a time, etc. people think adhd is just hyperactivity and not being able to sit still. but in reality a lack of dopamine can cause emotional instability, overstimulation, sensory issues, and can become disabling heavily as many people with adhd struggle with hygiene or tidying up spaces ESPECIALLY if undiagnosed or unmedicated/untreated.   fast forward to october 2022, turns out my medication stopped working in august (i hit a huge depressive episode..) and then got VERY sick. turns out your brain can get used to the dopamine intake, and that's exactly what happened. i had been taking 200 mg EVERY DAY. my withdrawals were really bad. they gave me anxiety medication to take alongside my adhd meds. its been working really well but eventually ill have to be put on different medication.  it takes a few tries with medication, or finding whatever works dor you. for me its been therapy, letting myself hyperfixate in healthy ways, and taking my meds. adhd is much much more than just being hyper for me, since i have other mental disorders and illnesses my lack of dopamine makes them all worse so i need to make sure i take my medications.   the only side effects of my current medication is, dizziness or drowsiness (i am not allowed to drive) and lack of appetite which is fine for the most part.   when im on my meds im very happy and productive and i dont overthink or struggle. without them, I LEAVE THE OVEN ON FOR 12 HOURS. or i'll like... go to take a bath and put the water running and forget i did that. or i'll start cooking wnd get distracted and the food will burn. etc. i also get extremely emotionally unstable when not on my medication, and my anxiety gets MUCH much worse.
I’ve been figuring out what works for me since I was 14. I’m nearly 21 now and have essentially made zero progress🎉🎉🎉
I tried the meds at start then i had to give them up
Welcome back to everyone else who paused the video to go listen to the polish cow song
ADHD is just being human. Don’t believe the lie,  you are wonderful.
I’m currently taking vyvance as my medication and previously I took adderal which had more or less had nearly zero affect on me and also Strattera which also had zero affect on me but that was not a surprise, but my first med I started on was concerta which more or less was a horrible experience from what I can remember from over 2 years ago though I can exactly remember everything that was bad about it but I would sweat, be extremely exhausted after the medication wore off which was after high school which more or less put me out of commission. Going back to vyvance it has the same affects that concerta had on me but it’s at a more manageable level and I can actually perform (kinda) in school which I couldn’t do previously which is very nice, the only advice I can give someone who is trying to find the perfect med is that it probably doesn’t exist and you just need to find the one that helps the most and has the least side affects👍
What you really should start doing (if not done yet) is meditating and building a really strict routine. Waking up early and directly going for a walk for sunlight really changes how your brain works and how good you can focus. I can recommend this video for everyone that has ADHD: https://youtu.be/hFL6qRIJZ_Y. It’s really long and it took me a week to really watch and listen to but it was worth it because it helped me understand how my brain works and how I can „trick“ it.
give me addy adderoll
if you're an extrovert please never take vivance - yours truly, the extrovert
Hey Andy! If those meds didn't work for you, you may be one of many with treatment resistant ADHD! If I cna make any suggestions, Atomoxetine was a good one for my focus but I had major side effects. If you believe that you may have treatment resistant ADHD, therapy and CBT(not that kind) may help you build proactive solutions to get yourself out of the ADHD loops.
id like to say, this reminds me a lot of when i first was trying out meds. they'd given me too big a dose, and i ended up in the exact same zombie-like, focused-on-the-wrong-thing mode. i played one video game for about 12 hours that day, if that gives you any idea. i tried it again, without being in the middle of a hobby i enioy, hoping that would fix the problem- i also wanted to focus on the right thing! didn't work. tried again another couple of times but it really didn't help me any more than it over-helped me. went to my doctor, told 'em about it, already considering this might not be for me. they suggested lowering the dose, because that's a common experience for those with a dose that's too high, and i agreed to try it. ....and to my surprise, it actually worked this time. i could focus on tasks(homework) or chores(or actual work, like right now). i could think, hey, i should do this! and then id get up and do it! its really nice finding something that works, and for me in particular, finding the correct dosage was the key. talk to your doctors(there's an app called mychart that's incredibly helpful, i recommend it myself!), do your research, and it's always going to be something different for everyone, and that's alright! good luck to everyone out there trying and may you find what works for you ^^
I took Adderall as a kid, and it suppressed my appetite so much that I became underweight, so I switched to Vyvanse and I've been eating a healthy amount ever since.
I was not expecting to hear Biały Węgorz as I opened this video
i gave up on my medication it never worked :.)
I think we all guessed this boi had ADHD
Will do
ADHD medication is horrible in your mouth and is extremely dusty (for me at least)
It sounds like you had too high dosage with the second medication
the core is to have discipline. and secondly have you tried weed?
Hey, dude, let me watch the fuckin cow dance 😂😂😂
i know the three lumpies at the top are supposed to be hair, but my brain is interpreting him as a three-eared bunny man
Ah, a new icecreamsandwich video and it’s about a topic I know lots about. It’s a good day
Suicidal cowwwww
Meds tend to work best with therapy. Having the ability to Do™️ is great! Having said ability and also having the knowledge of how to best utilize it is amazing
that part about needing to be doing the right thing when the meds kick in is no joke. One time I took my meds and started playing a roleplay game ive never played just for shits and gigs. I ended up playing this game for the next 8 hours, and I got an alarming amount done in that game
I don't know what to comment.
Take concerta it will help you focus and think
Finally some Polish referance I never see that
I love when funnie ice cream man gives good advice
Oh no, I forgot to unsubscribe D:
I unsubscribed 😪
So, not quite ADHD, but I'm going through something similar for bipolar. Apparently a lot of the symptoms (excluding emotional) are similar.
I use concerta, stil forget too tho
i was on vyvance as a child and it just made me feel SO BORING and i had also lost my sense of hunger. so when i had stopped taking it i didn’t understand why i was so hungry all of the sudden, but i was basically insatiable
As I have adhd this video is a really good explanation on adhd and medication. This took me 12 minuets to write I got distracted.
FINALLY
I never got the good
Never seen anyone capture ADHD as perfectly.
I've been diagnosed with high-functioning autism as a child, and again as an adult. I've been diagnosed as not having ADHD as a child and as an adult. But it's hard to believe I don't have ADHD when all my ADHD buddies are just so relatable. I can't just do the thing I want to do. I live knowing there is something I should be doing, but am not. I do not have the will to change it.  But there's something uniquely eye-opening when ADHD and meds describes different kinds of brain function, in ways both more like mine and less. Your description of vyvanse sounds more like my brain than without it. But if something can sound more accurate to my experience than pure ADHD, then I am clearly experiencing something different.
I am certain I don't have ADHD... But some of the day to day habits are a little too relatable...
"Wow he's just like me" Andy and now me
Are you sure you are even in control of your own body?
When this guy uploads it makes my day
Got Distracted and Clicked Subscribe.
I'm from Mexico and here the government gives you medical services and all the meds you need (if available or not extremely expensive) so you just agend a date and that's it (or something like that idunno), obviously the service isn't the best but now (I feel) my depression has ended (for now), they gave me methylphenidate with other antidepressants, and the methylphenidate really helped me to stay awake and focused, for me, it makes me feel like I need to be productive and not get distracted at all for 4 hours straight, the cons are that it makes me feel a little out of breath and my heart rate goes up, to the point where I feel that I'm going to pass out, I'm used to it now and honestly it's better than nothing
While watching this, I started to remember that one time I broke a plastic chair and how much it hurt my back, then I thought about a dream i had last night, then I noticed my dog was on my bed so I petted her, and by the time I realised I wasn't focusing on the video It was nearly done..
vyvanse jumpscare 🤕 for me, it seriously messed up my appetite throughout the day and resulted in a lot of binge eating once it wore off.
thanks for reminding me to take my meds  i was scrolling endlessly and procrastinating before this
Y so silent?
YES!!! what?
Yeah that out of breath feeling is a good way of describing depression, aswell as other issues which Vyvanse definitely can cause. I’m glad you didn’t have any adverse affects coming off it tho. I had to be hospitalised once or twice due to withdrawals from the drug
Weed
Hey, I was just recently diegnosed because of your video and other things of course. But, I am taking Atomoxetine and its working great there is also a page on google. So if it fits for you I would talk to your Physc
Too quiet video
I WAS HOPING FOR A GOOD RECOMMENDATION ON MED THAT WORKS FALIEWJHILFJHWAEIOLJHILOGHJWISJFLIUJHWESRDILÖUGKFUVHERSDÖLVUKIJHWÖLEIRJFGHVGLÖKUWAHÖGLAHBNÖWELKFJÖAWLIKEGJHAWÄSEÖLKDF GOD FUCKING DAMNIT
Justice for Compy >:(
Skill issue.
I take a generic of Straterra and that's worked out well for me thus far. I get that same hyperfocus but on tasks I should probably not be focusing on thing. The straterra isn't meth but it is a much slower build up. That said, first day on it I cleaned my entire bathroom just because it occured to me I could..and then just did. Also helps me actually sleep. The lack of sleep ADHD causes was killing me.
Hyped.
ok I don't have ADHD, I'm just lazy, lack of mot or other issue.
Good choice of music too with the polish song. It's about drugs.
Don't forget to unsubscribe- wait... at this moment he knew he f#@ked up
Do not do this, stop taking medicine... 99% medicine labels, if health issues appear stop taking the medicine and contact your doctor.
♥️♥️♥️
As person who has adhd, I appreciate this so much
Yes! A new video from my favorite animator!
I love these videos! I also have pretty… interesting!-ADHD.   I remember once describing my ADHD “not like a double-edged sword, as that would mean it benefits me at the same time that it wounds me, but rather it is a sword so heavy I can barely balance it right. It strikes with great force but I can’t control where it lands.”  Anyways great video and I hope you get something that works for you with your ADHD! It’s a lifelong battle for real!
it works for a while
I’d recommend Dexedrine, but it’s apparently almost impossible to get in the US.   Also you can quit ADHD meds cold turkey with minimal problems, at least in my experience, except if you’re on one of those meth addict level dosages of adderall only seen in the US.
you at the end; “i mean… i didnt… die- so thats yood- but also we have made no progress-“
People with adhd are just built different and society just needs to get on our level instead of begging us to get on their peasant neurodivergent level
tylko jednow w glowie mam, koksu piencz gram, odleczecz sam.......
As a polish person I love my cow being in the intro
This video is the best visualization of ADHD EVER!!!!
I used to take Adderall, then the side effects outweighed the benefits so I stopped taking it
ADHD is a spiritual journey! 🧘💫
🚜
I need to go to sleep!
The ADHD meds that worked best for me was Focalin. It helped me through highschool until it was dropped by my mom's insurance coverage [gotta love that US healthcare 😅]. So I had to take adderal and others when that didn't help, but none of them seemed to work as well, and a lot of things I'd become better at suffered. [reading Flowers for Algernon at the time was both ironic, timing wise, but also did NOT help in some worries/fears I still have to this day, like mental deterioration] Nowadays I'm off medication, but I still need to look and see if my insurance at my current job covers it, but I'd recommend giving it a shot. I don't know any of the technicalities for why it worked for me, and you should probably ask a doctor about it first too, but otherwise, it helped me a lot. 👍 Loved the vid, and the cute animation style, all to tell a story that was really enjoyable, but also important too. Can't wait to see more.😄
Did anyone else read the thumbnail as “ADHD but GUH” Or just me?
i have yet to find an adhd med that works for me, vyvanse gave me a LOT of energy so it worked for long periods of focus but made me feel sick and out of breath, strattera gave me a resting heart rate of 105 bpm and i was also constantly falling asleep, now im going to school with no adhd meds and its so difficult but definitely better than the hell i was putting myself through with vyvanse..
dose anyone else put a song on loop for a week cause you think it help you clean your room but you just keep watching the album art
I am not diagnosed or taking any ahdh meds but I had some methods which made my days like the second med for you. I combined My stimming habit with the focusing on a task i am not villing to do enought. So for example. I like to listen to the same song on repeat and thats kind of puts my head on autopilot while i am able to do chores which i don't wanna but have to do. Also i cant create in silence most of the time because my brain kicks into owerthinking mode. So before i start drawing or animating I turn on music on loop and then dive into the task. Theese days were the productive ones. But this caused burnout pretty fast. Because I forget to take care of myself. Ooops. But on days when i take good care of myself I get barely anything done. And feel grumpy about it. And I think its ok. Its a balance. Because I cant force Both for some reason. But life is a balancing act. I cant be perfect all the time. So does Noone else. Take a break before u need it. But try to do the important stuff first and rest later if u can. For me I know starting the day is the hardest and getting just put of the comfy bed. But thats also ok I think. Sometimes We just take small steps and its still progress.
FINALY! :D THANKS :)
Buddy there's a difference between amphetamines and meth-amphetamines. Those two sound the same but you know...
Relatable…
I got diagnosed last year at 28. Up until then, I thought everyone had 1:07 - 1:36 happening in their head and had no idea that was not the norm. I'm medicated and doing well on it now, the cacophony is still there but it's more like its coming from behind a closed door now instead of being overwhelming. It's worth mentioning that I did therapy for a year and change and was fine until I hit my tolerance threshold between school and work. I also tried multiple meds and I'm very lucky that Adderall works for me with almost no side effects. My heart rate is slower when I'm on it, I'm not irritable or anxious, I have no problem eating, and any weight loss has been gradual because I'm snacking less. I'm very lucky and I feel for people who didn't get as lucky as me.
I'm not surprised i enjoy this channel so much... I too have ADHD and your animations are beyond relatable. The intrusive cow video is extremely realistic. ADHD keeps life spicy
not me zoning out while watching a video on ADHD lol
I stopped taking medicine for my ADHD because I would rather have emotion and appetite
I have ADD (or I guess it’s ‘inattentive ADHD’ now), and it can be extremely hard for me to focus. I’ve been taking Methylphenidate, and it was great for a while until I started to feel like I was just robotic and like a task robot. I was speaking with my doctor and family about it and suggested it was an issue with dosage. Since then I’ve been taking an all day release kind instead of one in the morning and one in the afternoon, and whenever I remember to take my medicine, I get stuff done with an enjoyable day. On top of this, I’m still able to be creative and such. Sometimes If I have free time I’ll doodle while on methylphenidate, because I have nothing important I can / need to work on. I don’t know if this is helpful to anyone with ADHD, or if I’m just rambling, but for me personally, I find that Methylphenidate works great for me. (Also yes, it does technically have a methyl group in it, which is a component to meth, but it’s a different compound, and has more pieces to it. Not meth, doesn’t act like meth, but has a component of meth. Not sure if that makes sense, but uh… yeah. :/ )
I wonder why Vyvanse affected you like that. It's okay to take break days on Vyvanse,  Like miss a few days.  They're stimulants so there's no horrible effect from having days off.  But Vyvanse has never made me feel like that.. I hope you find something that works better for you!
I took adhd meds when I was a kid my dad took me off the meds because I was becoming a shell. I wouldn't eat and was losing weight rapidly and had no interest in anything except for napping. I'm now 26 and haven't touched any sort of adhd meds since.
*Okay I almost forgot to unsubscribe. Thx for reminding me there at the end…*
For anyone taking the meth meds, my solution to focussing on the wrong thing is putting myself around people that are doing work, basically to have an external voice make sure i do the right thing for the first hour so when the meds kick in i stay focused on the right thing
Polish cow go brrr
Vyvanse was insane for me. It made me manic as hell and I didn't eat for the whole day.  I miss being medicated but not Like That tm
Ok... Why's there Polish cow clip with "Gdzie jest biały węgorz?" ("Where's the white eel?") by Cypis at the beginnig of this vid?
I had the same problems with both meds. The only other option was to take bupropion (anti-depressiva), but I didn't wan to risk the side effects of that one. They're currently doing research into the effectiveness of microdosing LSD for ADHD at a uni in my country. It seems to work for some people
0:58, this was to dang accurate....
0:01 like https://youtu.be/mS5TQIv4yuU
I've been on Vyvanse for about a year and it's definitely been the best option for me personally, but I totally understand the feeling of like you want a medication to work more than it's actually helping so you just ... keep taking it
I HIGHLY recommend the um… the uh… green plant
Before you did any videos on ADHD I thought that there was like a 70% chance that I had it, and after the first one it probably went to an 80 and after this I’m 90% sure that I have ADHD but I’m 15 and my mom “doesn’t believe in ADHD” and thinks that its caused by food or tiktok. So maybe I’ll figure that out in like 3 years 🤷‍♀️ In the meantime this was surprisingly educational and very funny
"what is 2+2?" "Idunno, probably 2" And I believed him-
I use Concerta and the way I would describe it is that it gives me the "motivation" to get tasks done like dishes or applying to jobs
the sequel
I know a friend who tried a non stimulant ADHD med that worked really well for them, it's called intuniv. I don't know if you're still seeing the same psych but it may be worth looking into if you want to try something that's not a schedule 3 drug.   I'm sorry the previous stuff gave you such a rough experience, but man does your animation style make an uncomfortable situation really funny. You always catch me off guard with your humor, like the pill inside the brain asking who's in charge and then dopamine's in a heap in the corner. I look forward to every new vid in my sub box.
Be me> >>Have an adhd symptoms >>Can't pay attention on ice-cream sandwich video >>Get fucking gloves cuz my hands are ultra cold >Forget about tomorrow exam
The hyperfocus from the meds take up a lot of energy from your body so it would make sence to later feel the tiredness kick in.(heard this from someone who took one of these meds, not a medical professional)
That's so me 😂 doing half Es all day long!
idk is it just adhd, or some special blend of autism,assburgers + adhd.. but i have the ability to laser focus on 1 thing that interest me.  Like i had no knowledge of the matter, but it kept irritating me that my pc monitor wasnt working. Took the screwdriver, and after i blinked a week had passed with countless hours of research and testing, until i found this tiny eetzibeetsy npn transistor from the board that was bad, replaced it and now the monitor was fixed!  Time used -week money saved: 10€ (worth of monitor)  But on the other hand math wasn't interesting at all, i didint learn multiplication tables ever. I have to like count in my head whats 2x2.. But if the thing i need the math for interest me, suddenly im the Einstein level of math, blink of an eye later with the math formulas of my own at-the-moment invention, i have calculated meaning of life level hard, like surface area of car's rims and how much paint i need to paint them lol
That's so me 😂 doing half Es all day long!
Hmmm interesting. As someone with ADHD I've always been so anti medication and just thought I need to power through, but I've been wanting to elevate my life by learning to code but I CANNOT just seem to sit there and teach myself. I'm kinda thinking... maybe I should try something
I can’t believe that I got diagnosed with most of my shit at 3 years old
ADHD is just that one YouTube video with ads every 3 minutes.
Whe. I took meds it made me tired and more emotional so I stop taking it now I can focus is school but COMPLETELY loose focus at home hdhd is weird
I have ADHD(hyperactive) and Ive taken meds for about a year now and my med journey has been very wild.  The first med i took was working for my productive side BUT it made me depressed. The second one did also work but it destroyed my creativity. Now im on the fourth one and its working pretty well actually.😁
Love it. Love it x 1000 ❤
I’m on concerta and I make meth jokes all the time lol
Concerta is very similar to Adderall, but it's non addictive.  Since you're new to meds, taking smaller doses makes sense, but for this particular medication, I would recommend starting at 10mg and working your way up. If it's not working for you, just stop.
Fun fact I was trying to watch this video but then asked myself if I was given a GED test or US citizenship test would I be able to pass it without any studying or refreshers. Mind you I have a college degree in a STEM major. Like why am I asking myself this when I should be paying attention to this entertaining video on ADHD?!
That’s so weird because I was specifically told I COULD just stop taking vyvance… and I did because it sucked.
Now I think about it I have symptoms
All these animation channels are using animal crossing music but all I want to know is DO YOU ACTUALLY PLAY ANIMAL CROSSING??????
Isn’t it weird how random things just completely change how our brains work like why?
Vyvance ruined my mental health babbyyyyy. AND it didn’t help my adhd. But it helped my friend a lot so I mean give it a shot
I take foccalin lol
adhd meds explained in letters not vivance eeEEEEEEEee vivance eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
ADHD mfs when I stab their eyes out and feed them to their cat 🤣🤣🤣🤣 (I am in your walls)
TIL: these kinds of meds are supposed to make you feel good with yourself, but they don't work for everyone that way. If they don't, or you don't like how they make you feel, you should seriously consider looking for an alternative or think about whether it is worth taking them. (especially in places like the USA where this stuff is hella expensive)   I was really really sceptical about meds at first for my adhd, but the low dosis I started out on was great! Finally, I could FOCUS, and holding onto thoughts felt like holding rope instead of sand. I finally had a feeling of "hungry" again, which for me just disappeared until I was so hungry I was in pain - that pain was _my_ "hungry", and bc of digestive issues, it was a 50/50 chance of not even BEING hunger and I just had to test stuff out. Now, I can suddenly EAT again without having to force every bite down. It's also been an IMMENSE relief for me during the night. I hadn't been able to sleep before 11pm since 4th grade, but then I take my meds, bam, I'm out by 10, and can wake up in the morning with less struggle.  Eventually I got used to the dosis tho, and eventually talked to my doc about it, to adjust the medication. I'm already on different meds, so we didn't wanna go that high at first, but I noticed how much more better I felt when I accidentally took it double, so we decided to test it out and it worked out :D I feel like I'm much more ME with the meds, not just tired, distracted, anxious, with fits of depression. Therapy and self-therapy also helped a lot, especially learning about it, and learning ways to cope.   I know meds don't work for everyone, and the medical situation in the US can be a right shit show, so I'm really glad you didn't just make the devil out of medication that you easily could have, especially with the side-effects you experienced. Keep going dude, there's still a lot to experience ( -before the heat death of the universe lol- )
You have access to free meth now >:(
"Why wonder when we can find out." Is such an accurate description of my thought process
I’ve used Ritalin and vyvance
Icecreamsandwich, if you have ADHD you should try watching YouTube. It won’t help but it’s fun
Question: Before getting a diagnosis, did you ever assume that your mental illness symptoms were normal? Minus the anxiety.
Man, I got diagnosed this year at the ripe old age of 24. Who knows what’s in the future for me (or anyone ig) but thank you for sharing your experience
The second one seemed pretty good, you might have just had a dose that was too high.
I've just been raw dogging it unmedicated for twenty something years and, honestly, I have no desire to change that. I feel that routines have always worked for me. My mind kinda wanders and rambles, but my subconscious just says, "I know where we're going, I'll drive."
This video encouraged me to get medicated for my ADHD 😭
The fact that you're the one that has to suggest the medication to your doctor amazes me. Shouldn't be the other way round?
I do Not have fond memories of Adderall. I'm glad you pitched that ASAP. Personally I had them given to me while I was still in school. They'd work for the first day of the week that I took them and then I felt **absolutely fucking nothing** for the rest of the week. No matter how much we increased the dosage! And of course as an anxiety filled teen, I was freaking out that the doctors would think I was an addict or something. They made me incapable of wanting to eat- which I despised, I love eating- and I felt like my moods were out of control with it, despite my mother telling me otherwise. They also made me drop a LOT of weight, which I don't feel like is talked about enough when talking about Adderall. I hated every second of it. (And, also, when I got off the meds, my mother decided that she would take them for herself instead to help lose weight. Which is not legal. Nor good for you. Adderall is essentially meth. Stop that. Get some help.)
Man, the only way I was able to deal with my adhd was years of therapy and sheer will. It’s not fully controlled but has gotten better with age.
Does anyone have long term experience with Ritalin?
when it's painfully relatable:
Another example of ADHD on meds (for me at least) can be described as a glass cannon. I can focus more on certain tasks and switch between topics if needed. However, I loose 90% of my creativity and personality and basically become a robot
This video reminded me I haven’t taken my medication tofsy
I'm 26 and I've been medicating for ADD for 10 years, and it took it's sweet time before I found the meds that actually worked for me (especially in the middle of puberty holy hell). I was never able to operate anything without my medication, and got really impulsive and aggressive. Today, with the help of medication, I've been able to learn about my difficulties and got the tools to be able to manage them. I've even started thinking about lowering the dose to eventually just not be on medication anymore. With the medication I could help myself, and my loved ones have never felt closer.
It’s always great to see stuff about ADHD on YT because literally nobody knows anything about it - glad you’re open about it
After years of taking psyche meds for a variety of issues, I've come to the conclusion that they're mostly garbage. Ultimately, diet and exercise did more than any meds ever did. And if your doctor talks about meds before mentioning diet and exercise for anything that doesn't need urgent attention, you might want to find a new doc.
I haven't taken my meds for a few days and it sucks without it. But then I don't take it because of the thing I'm taking meds for
Hey look it’s Marty O’Donnell at the end there
The polish cow translates to 'only one thing I have in head 5 grams of c0+aine fly away to the edge of oblivion when will his end when I wouldn’t be alone again'
i used to take 75 mg of concerta and i was having a problem of becoming like a zombie and my emotions would almost leave me but when i would stop i would almost become narcoleptic
ADHD is crazy and med are even crazy i stoped takeing mine becose the made my hart rate go up to like uh oh levels
Oh, fuck. Dude. PLEASE spend some time on targeted therapy in addition to and 💯 at the same time as medication trials. Medication therapy is ONE type but should NEVER be the ONLY therapy, y'all.    Also, fuck what somebody tells you about something being similar to meth. If your brain doesn't react that way, then it's not an addictive substance for you. That's the whole point of BEING NEURODIVERGENT.   This video was hard to watch for multiple reasons: 1) omfg, was it slow for a person whose meds have worn off for the night. Love ya, but 2x was needed.   2) see above AND please be careful how you talk about what you "think is medication" before actually discussing with your professional if that's what it was. You went off of the med and happened to feel better, but you also weren't going to be feeling anxious about being on the med anymore. Mind-body aren't separated, so you cannot expect to take a medication for your mind that won't affect your body and some way and vice versa. There is no hierarchy on our bodily organs.  Edit: a medically retired Sped teacher for kids w/IEPs in gen-ed High school. I have ADHD, wasn't IDed til I was 28, I'm now 38 and balancing meds is NEVER done. Never assume it's a "oh! That's perfect!" 💜 it'll drive ya nuts!  I just don't take nearly as much medication anymore because I'm not in a classroom every day. But he's nice about ADHD medication as you do not have to take it every single day. You'll learn what works for you and when you find something that doesn't, you'll take note, y'all.
wait you cant just stop taking ... ur adhd meds?.. or ur meds in general?? HUh???  bro wait. huh oi am so confused
I unsubscribed for you
I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT THAT COW FOR MONTHS
Me too lol
ADHD is WILD.
You always make my day! Keep up the good work!
And then, with anxiety and depression, you gotta be extra careful about ADHD medications. Because too much stimulant can just make the anxiety worse. 👍 Gotta love pills, right?
Vyvance can have some really unpleasant withdrawal effects, so you're lucky there. Speaking from personal experience.  I couldn't get in touch with my psychiatrist, and the practice didn't have a backup for urgent questions. Didn't have a primary doctor. Called the CVS pharmacist, who I told the situation to...and proceeded to tell me to ask one of the people I just said I COULDN'T talk to.   Too much Vyvance just feels like you're on _speed._ But it's...ugh.
I'm bipolar. I believe the mental health community should embrace the term "psyche" as acceptable slang.
I have inattentive adhd and my first med isss… ✨Conserta✨ Honestly? Underwhelming. I think I’m on 24 MGs and the effects are… mild. I, personally don’t notice much other than a (slightly) heightened ability to: Keep to habits, tame emotions, make words come out of my mouth easier.  But... it’s mild, I know I have to actually work at this stuff and not just rely on drugs but I’m underwhelmed with it. It’s not the dosage, because when I was still new to taking it my heart was (and is) pretty… *active.* If you get what I mean. I’ve just adapted to that feeling I’m sure, so this is definitely the right dose amount.  Also, another bad side. If I take the conserta later than 8:30 I’m doomed to stay awake until 1 AM. 8:00 it’s 12, and 7:30/7:00 it’s 11  problem is I usually wake up at 8, so… thE CYCLE CONTINUES!
Exactly. Thank you. ❤
As someone who's been on ADHD Meds and every year they had to up my dose because I was getting worse and worse, at the age of 17 I stopped taking my meds because I went through a situation where I basically ruined a chance at the life I wanted, atleast right now I don't have that chance anymore, I vowed to take control of my life and sure ADHD will never leave me because I have ticks or stuff to distract me, I'm happy without the need of medication anymore, I'm really really happy that I took this leap of faith and it worked out in the end... Though sometimes I wish I still had em
Oh my gosh Adhd meds are so weird. For some people it's like a magic solution, but for most it can help a little, and some cause more adverse reactions than its worth (me being in that last group 😓)
i have narcolepsy, which causes me to be awake at night and asleep during the day. naturally. also due to genetics and a really unhealthy mom, i have naturally low energy and stamina. so, after a few visits to my doctor, she slapped adhd on my file and gave me adderall to take as a stimulant. i'm a frail excuse for a being so 10mg is enough to keep me up and active from 6am to 2pm: my exact school schedule. i still have to have a medically reduced school schedule (2 free periods no matter my schedule) to compensate for my immediate crash when I get home. (i usually sleep from 3pm to 6am the next day, with only a break for dinner). it sounds bad, but before my meds i would sleep endlessly, being awake for maybe a few hours at night. big improvement, haha! i've been on it for a year and am no longer failing school, so let's go!
I took vyvanse for 15+ years! Swear by it and helped me GREATLY. Then my insurance screwed me over and now I’m in the same spot you’re in😭
I take vyvanse, and it works really great for me, but it sounded like it was making you *hyperfocus* <_< that happened to me on the first ADHD meds I tried. It’s basically doing a 180. Instead of being incredibly distracted, you are so focused that it would be near impossible to multitask- or even think beyond the one thing you’re focused on. I’m also surprised you didn’t have any adverse affects after stopping your medication. A couple times I forgot to refill mine, and I went through bouts of depression. Anyways, don’t give up. I know medication isn’t for everyone for a variety of reasons, but if you’re able to find one that works then it can make such a world of a difference. Best of luck.
I got Adderall for my ADHD about 12 years ago. It seriously messed up my bowels. Permanently. Still dealing with it even though I only took it for a few weeks. Was a weird feeling, though, being able to think.
adhd is truly the experience of all time
I’m on Concerta and have been since I was 16. (I’m 29 now) so it’s been a LONG but wonderful journey. The side effects were: suppressed appetite, headaches if I didn’t eat. (Eating normally solved any  tired or out of breath symptoms I had too) and lastly, it would give me so much energy. SO MUCH ENERGY AND FOCUS. It unlocked my life. I wouldn’t be where I am today if I didn’t go through the process of trying different medicines in the beginning. Being able to focus on a task (maybe not as much as the average person but hey, I’ll take what I can) is amazing. And after so many years of taking Concerta, my symptoms have disappeared. My biggest hurdle is remembering to take the medicine in the morning. And then making sure I don’t take it after 1:00pm because after that I just won’t sleep at a normal time later.   Anyway. Adhd can suck sometimes but I’m also kinda grateful I have it because I like how my brain works. Concerta doesn’t take that away from me, it just enhances my productivity and focus while I can still be my weird.. self.   Note: when I forget to take it in the morning, I have no adverse reactions luckily.. but I do immediately revert to normal adhd mode except I get HONGRY. So I’ll end up forgetting an appointment, chilling on my bed listening to music, playing a game on my phone and watching a video on my iPad all while I’m munching on every snack in my house, then find myself surrounded by empty Dorito bags at the end of the day. <3 lol I’m really living the life
i used to take vivance.... it got to the point where i would do maths during lunchtime, pick cat hair piece by piece off my pants, and having a panic attack whenever i couldnt be productive.   i stopped taking vivance.
bro ive tried all the main types of adhd meds and have never had one work, but with my severe depression i dont think i would be able to do cognitive behavioural therapy but adhd completely ruins my grades and my ability to learn and im about to start highschool and im really scared because i still dont have a fix and i am stressed. does anybody know what i should do?? :(
I highly suspect I have ADHD. Its been probably close to a year since it kind of clicked for me seeing a bunch of symptoms listed on a friends insta story and I finally saw my doctor who has referred me on to see a psychiatrist. The sessions isn't for a couple of months but I am really looking forward to it. Even if its not ADHD I hope he or she can help me on to a better path for myself. The easy distractibility, daily anxious behaviour and for me worst of all, forgetfulness can get beyond frustrating to downright scary. If you have concerns, chat to your doctor and go from there. I know it can take a while for people with ADHD to get around to that chat (or anything) but hop online now or call and book a time. Take that first step and look after yourself.
Did you every god distracted when animating?
I have ADHD and I take vivance, I know what you're talking about when it comes to the out of breath thing, I just kept taking the meds and eventaully became accustom to it.
I prefer my ADHD without medication. It makes me feel POWERFUL, like I can focus on many different things (albeit badly)!
ADHD is based    Based on nothing and everything all at once in whatever order it feels
Hi icecreamsamich I was on meds the majority of my adolescence and adult life but I made the choice to get off them two years ago and I’ve been just doing my best ever since. Thank you for sharing your experience.
Fun fact about adhd meds that I didn’t realize until having taken them for a few years. Sandwich figured it out, but whatever task you are working on then the meds kick in, is what you will want to continue doing. I used to play video games and wait for it to kick in, but then my other doctor told me that piece of advice and it all made sense.
I remember taking something during school that killed my appetite but it worked really well until it wore off (?) And heart problem possibilitys
seeing people talk about similar experiences to mine is rly nice. luv the animating as well :D
You'll find what you need soon enough, BUT ALWAYS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS, make sure what you are prescribed is non addictive and doesn't require you to keep moving up to higher and higher doses, anything with those two factors is usually not good for you in the long run.
I will give you the best advice ever: "Its all in your head! Just stop it!". There, all fixed. Don't you feel better now?
I don't take meds on weekends, my ass is not taking medication when I don't have to actually do things that day
I get so upset when people are talking and then I try to finish their sentence for them. That or I lose focus and have no idea what they said and just agree😅😂
5:50 he did da middle finger xd
concerta. so for me, my ADHD is a sort of this almost blindness to time. humans have a ''dont freaking do that, you are an adult/arent that stupid'' part of your brain that matures and grows as you age till about the age of 25 when it should be all good and you have stuff figured out(mostly) and you can do the good stuff and push down the bad, juvinile, and/or dumb with almost no issue. time is no longer this slippy unreachable, unplannable thing. the adhd however dampens the neural pathway to this part of your brain, to the point where you need a stimulant to get that pathway flowing like it should.  that medication was concerta for me. it stimulates that ''DONT DO THAT DUMB THING'' part of your brain that SHOULD be working, but isnt. hopefully this helps someone out there still trying to figure things out. i cant guarantee it will work, but this is the best that i have with my experiences and knowledge of the human mind:] best of luck.
55 dollars for sum white sweatpants I hate you enough to love you take my money
2:27 Me when editing videos in a nutshell
I was diagnosed as an adult at the age of 23. I tried taking Adderall but it had the same effect on me as the second drug he talked about. Even though I was only on 5mg of it, my heart would beat really fast, I felt like I was having a hard time breathing even when I breathed in deep, and there was one day I just couldn't stand without getting tunnel vision....so I stopped the meds.   The hardest bit about meds is thinking it's going to fix all of your problems like some "miracle" pill...but it doesn't ☹. I've heard about cognitive behavioral therapy and if I ever get enough money to do it (shout out to the crappy Healthcare system in America) then I want to try it.
you need a wife
You  really need to turn up the volume of the video. It's lower than any other video I've watched / listened to :\ Really good video either way. Thank you for your experience and perspective. I'm an Individual with ADHD 31yrs old, and I've been taking Adderall for the majority of my life. I have taken Vyvanse before as well for a couple of months to try a change and see if it would help things in a different direction, but like you had mentioned, it was wayyyy too much focus and it seemed to increase my blood pressure and also have me out of breath. To this day I'm still taking Adderall at 10mg. I wish you well on your journey to discover what works best for you!
I have ADD but now it falls under the ADHD category so ADD doesn't exist but I took meds for a couple years till one day my doctor said my brain can now distract itself into focusing and I didn't need meds no more
1:10 No joke, on my permit test on the practice question, it asked what is 2+2 and I chose 2
Surprised that helped you
My ADHD meds don't completely get rid of my ADHD symptoms, but they lessen their severity a large amount. It took some trial and error, and no med is perfect. I don't encourage people to try every single med searching for something perfect. On the other hand, don't feel that you're inconveniencing your medical team by trying a multitude of meds if you want to try to find something that will help you. I've changed my medications for various things so many times over the years, and I'm lucky to have a doctor that views medication more as a fluid tool to help your health rather than an all or nothing total fix or failure with no changes over time.
Tylko jedno w głowie mam koksu pięć gram
as someone whose taken ADHD meds since I was 8, they've actually helped me a lot I took them at 8.. got off cause I was on the wrong kind got back on at 10-12, grades shot up, I feel like I can draw better on my meds, I switched 3 different kinds until I found the one that ive been on for the past 2 years. :D
I fucking hate medication for ADHD, it doesn't help me focus it makes my brain move slow.
Keep going to your doctor. Like you mentioned, there are a lot of different meds out there. Keep going to your doctors, especially your primary care doctor. They can help you with your body's overall response to new meds. It can take a while for you to find the right one. Don't give up!
Vyvance is good for intensive studying such as people working on a science degree (undergrad or master's or even PHd). It's a little out of hand when it comes to day-to-day things, but I can say it had a similar effect to how Ice Cream Sandwich described Aderall; doing mundane/physical tasks was a breeze, and forcing oneself to sit down and do something like study or paperwork becomes... somehow magically possible. It really is like a sudden "ability" that pops into your brain. That being said, the side-effects of Vyvance are so brutal I would advise people to steer clear of it unless absolutely necessary.
Maybe ADHD isn't a disorder that needs to be fixed but it's a cause for a reevaluation of how we understand focus and  productivity. Why are we telling ourselves that being 100 percent productive is normal and any deviation should be "fixed" with meth or other medications? What if it's not us that's disordered but how we culturally approach productivity that is disordered.   Perhaps it's much more useful for us to reimagine how we navigate productivity and since it seems like a lot of us have this same issue, it's not something to be fixed but rather something to adapt with and seen as just another way of being. Same with autism and similar "disorders"  We aren't disordered. We are disconnected. Why do we have to adhere to someone else's metric of reality when reality is so vast and varied?
lmao the trumpet thing. Then I get to the end and you got me again. Always great endings on this channel!
I've been trying Concerta for a year or two, and it'd been great! Amongst the good reasons, I love it because I can decide on a daily basis wether I want or need to take meds.
I was lucky enough to be diagnosed pretty early in my life (around 6 I think?), and so as a result I've tried a LOT of different things. One of these things were different meds! It took many years and occasional tweaking, but I eventually found the right meds for me.  For those who are still trying to find what's best for them, stay patient and make sure you find a good phycologist and doctor to help you along the way. You got this!     Kinda off topic ADHD side story: I actually had a SPED Teacher who had ADHD. Her doctor didn't think she would benefit enough to start taking meds, so they recommended she try self medicating with caffeinated drinks. Long story short, she's now addicted to lemonade rockstars and ended up needing to get on ADHD meds anyways.
the meds create more problems than good in my experience vyvanse made me lose 30 pounds in 2 months
Was gonna watch this vid and got distracted by something, hours later i got recommended this vid again and now im watching it lol
What you described at the end 100% sounds like the vyvanse was lasting too long and might have been building up in your system too much, it lasts a looooong time. Speaking from personal experience I know that feels god awful. If you want something less phsyical than adderall but shorter acting than vyvanse then try instant release dexedrine or instant release focalin. I have a much easier time sleeping when on the focalin but I feel like dexedrine helps me focus better (focalin still works well tho)  Best of luck!
Speaking from my personal experience, ADHD IS REALLY HARD TO TREAT! It is always so finicky and weird and difficult to just get it to work! My issues with medication have been the same for the 12ish years that I’ve been treated for it, which is very different from what was explained in this video, but ADHD is different for everyone. As of right now I also don’t take any medication and don’t plan on taking any more because it won’t work, but it is not recommended for anyone to stop taking medication unless your absolutely certain that it is better without.
Concertia or however you spell it is what i take, it helps with focus and ability to do stuff, but not too much, so you still have to try. Only problem is that it makes you in capable of feeling hunger or fullness, so you only know you are starving when you feel weak and only know you've had enough when you gag while eating.
god I'm so glad I don't have ADHD
Your description of ADHD is so funny and accurate. As an ADHD connuesuir, this describes my experience so well lmao
As someone who also has ADHD, I can 100% relate to this video. I was diagnosed very early on, and my parents tried multiple different medications to help with it. And just like you I got mixed reactions with all of them.  I'm not exactly sure how I ended up off the medication, but it was just like one day I didn't really need it. Yes there were some days that I was a bit distracted but not for long. There are little things that I do every day to help me keep focus and do the things I need.  I wish everything for the best of you
Dude, Vyvanse user here, the out of breath things is definitely a part of the meds. It sucks and I’m on 30 milligrams right now making it so much worse but yeah, don’t take Vyvanse unless it works in your family because if it doesn’t it _sucks._ I get these symptoms but the meds consistently work for my family so I’m still taking them. (Also they have an addictive aspect and you’ll get withdrawal if you stop taking them for a long period of time)
I've been rawdogging ADHD, no meds, for most of my life, and meds straight up saved my life.
For me, Focalin has worked wonders as it doesn't really do anything insane but it does put my mind in a state of calm focus where I can do stuff without my brain stressing and getting extremely distracted
I stopped taking mine because people said I wouldn’t act how I normally do was I productive yes was I quiet yes and I don’t like people thinking I’m not me ya know
bro u don't need medication if you have adhd or is that just me?
It's also important to know that meds BY THEMSELVES don't necessarily achieve "results" its important to also be talking to a therapist about your ADHD habits and tendency to then be able to be more mindful of your own train of thought. I've been on adderall xr and seeing a therapist and it REALLY improved my productivity  in college. This is just my experience tho, so keep that in mind
Now I've become addicted to the polish cow dancing meme. Thank you.
I take vyvanse and i definitely notice the side effects. Sometimes I get slight headaches, dizziness, increased heart rate, being thirstier, decreased appetite, and insomnia. I totally agree with the focus thing. When I am taking it I feel like I have so much more productive energy. Instead of wanting to sit around and watch tv or play video games I have a big desire to get tasks done. I want to finish chores or work on my business and I feel accomplished afterwards. So for me the side effects are worth the benefits I get. I also know if I need to stop taking it (if I get pregnant) than I know that I can also live without it.
Your brain after realizing that it had ADHD gave you more extreme versions of your daily symptoms. It makes you more aware but supposedly having it for your entire life, all of the sudden in just spikes out of nowhere??? You’re saying that happened after you got tested for it. I guess depending on the person can differentiate different kinds of low and high symptoms of the condition. I don’t personally think that all ADD, ADHD, and other conditions relating to a different way of experiences can always be solved with medication. I understand this isn’t true for everyone but in the past decade, 1 in 8 kids apparently have ADHD or some kind of symptom in that category. I’ve had a couple of friends that do worse mentally and physically when taking medication but others who’ve done really well. It really is a complicated subject with not many clear answers.
I don't like ADHD. High school was a fucking torture.
hiiii!!1!!!!2!!!!
I have the exact same problem and it took me a lot of work to be able to get results, I have trained myself to be able to work on or off medication. However, I took dexmethylphenidate, which is an extended release version of methylphenidate and it does exactly enough to get you to focus on something but also allows you to shift focus when necessary. I would very much recommend to talk to your doctor about trying that at a low dosage to see if it works for you because it was legitimately the only reason why I got through school and graduated with my degree cum laude. And I'm proud of myself for that.  Personally, Vyvanse made me throw up and made me feel nauseous frequently, but it was probably also a combination of that and low iron, which I had frequently as a child, and Adderall made me way too intense, like it was me and a good version of me but dialed up to 11 and my teachers couldn't stand me. Although I was actually able to do everything that I needed to do and pay attention in class.  I have not needed medications since I graduated, but it took me a while to learn how to be normally functional within society without medication since I was on at least one form of medication since second grade. And I legitimately think that the long-term effect of using, initially concerta methylphenidate and then later dexmethylphenidate after the family insurance changed in high school, actually changed my brain chemistry to be able to function about 50% of what normal people have control over with focus and by training myself with work, I've gotten to about like 75% focus efficiency. And once again mileage may vary with any of these. This is just my personal experience and I think it is important for me and for people that were diagnosed later in life that I give them firsthand knowledge and resources of my own experience living with ADHD.
my experience with meds for ADHD is that after a few months (3 - 6 on average) I have to increase the dosage  I take Vyvanse, and I started with 20 mg, I also took intunive cause it helps calm the body from the rousing affects of Vyvanse  few month later, medication wasn't having the same affect, talked with my phsyc and increased to 30 mg months and months later, I'm now at 50 mg, it also takes a few weeks to notice a difference the affects between the sizes of doses
i started a gut med to stop the gut pains and it worked wonders until the gut meds started giving me a NEW kind of even worse gut pain but also if i go off the meds ill be exhausted and fainting all over the place so its either intermediate gut pains with overwhelming exhaustions and fall risk OR energy balance and overwhelming gut pains grr
Were is the full vid of the dancing cow?
Definitely give Concerta a shot, as someone who's had adhd + Aspergers for the past 18 years, I can most certainly say that it definitely helps me focus better than the days when im off my pills. However, a big warning when taking Concerta, is that it will reduce your appetite by a noticeable amount. Hope this helps!
Usually, I get all these ADHD symptoms  doctors ask me a few questions, and realized it may be ADHD anyways I Was shopping with my bf, we were in self-checkout and I was helping to scan things, an old friend came up, and started talking to me, I couldn't multitask so my boyfriend started scanning the stuff himself, at the end when we got out he said: "you can't multitask??" I said "no..." and he said " mmm that's bad" I feel bad because he expects an efficient-ness like him but I can't scan shit when someone talking to me, I'm either gonna not remember what that person says and also my brain forgets about scanning  :( IDK how to explain to him properly!! He keeps saying I can practice and get better but idk why he is acting like I can learn this easily.
I took Focalin. I’m off it now and I’m vibing as an unmediated ADHD brain. I used the meds through my school years, and towards the end, I’d only take a small quick burning booster dose around 30 minutes before any intense work. I still have trouble focusing sometimes, but when push cones to shove, I’ve gotten very good at telling myself “no, we’re not doing that right now.”
Some what
Good thing we can all empathize with Icecreamsandwich cuz allegedly everybody has ADHD, all of a sudden...
Well I’ve got put into the special needs classes just because I couldn’t get a good scores in my oaks testing in 4th grade  so the normal end teacher talked about to my parents and then put into special needs classes all the way from grade 4 until I graduated from high school. So I feel you on that
i also took adhd med tho the fun thing about that whole mess was i dont have adhd i have aspergers similar but different BUT they thought i had adhd and when meds wernt working right they kept upping my doses i was taking some STONG stuff and it effected my apatite so i weighed 56 pounds at the age of 12  and i was like that for a long time and i was only taken off the meds when i dropped to 46 pounds in a week
My son has ADHD, my husband has ADHD, my mother-in-law has ADHD.... I'm absolutely totally perfectly fine, but why I always have this feeling, that it's me, who need some meds....
The sound of the video is way too low
why is the sound so quiet
This video came at a crazy time for me as I was tested and (unsurprisingly) diagnosed with ADHD just a week ago
I know about Ritalin. I don't use it any more.
Recently I got a diagnosis of mild ADHD and was given Adderall to try which didn’t really kick until today which I was cracked out of my mind (but I could finally focus) but idk about it
Astarys? Try it maybe.
I have been taking different varying medications since is was in 1st grade. And let me tell ya, the journey of finding the right medication is LONG. I am now 21 and just barely found the right meds I need for my ADHD and Major Depressive Disorder. It was a rough journey and I’m pretty sure I tried all but like 1 form of ADHD meds to get here…
I like to call my unmedicated ADHD "spicy life". I never know what to expect for the day lol.
I LOVED THE BIT WITH THE PILL BURSTING INTO THE BRAIN
I've been on concerta for 5 years now and I... Can't really function without it lmao
My friend once almost burned his house because of his ADHD
be careful with adderall. I have had major issues with blood pressure because of it! Love it to death but might need to talk to my doc.. oh wait i live in montreal... THERE ARE NO DOCS AVAILABLE AHHHHH
Vyvanse was horrid for me. I was on it less than a week and was begging my Dr to take me off of it. I won't go into details because of TW, but to put it simply, my depression deteriorated rapidly during my short time on it. It was not pretty.  That was like a decade ago though. I've been off my meds for about 3 years now (after bouncing from med to med for like 15 years) and surprisingly have been the best I've ever been.
I have ADHD as well and I love the Vyvanse rep here because when I was first diagnosed I didn’t even know there was anything other then adderall. When I started taking Vyvanse I it really helped me with focusing but I do have the same issue that you mentioned with focusing on the wrong thing, sometimes I’ll deep clean the whole kitchen or do the laundry that I’ve been putting off for months but other times I’ll sit down and accidentally play league of legends for literally an entire day but there was a time when I had some issues with my prescription not getting renewed and my doctor not being able to fit me in for the mandatory visit she needs to do to allow me to keep using Vyvanse (since it can cause you to lose your appetite, which it does for me, and I have a mental health history where that’s a very bad side effect for me to have 😃) and I wasn’t able to get a new bottle for almost two months and god did it show. I’m still on it now (I think I take 50mg?) and I don’t know if my body could handle going off of it suddenly for a second time, the migraines and other general side effects were awful so yeah. Listen to him! Don’t stop your meds suddenly and especially without talking to your doctor first!  Edit: Also I didn’t get diagnosed until 2020 right after the you know what happened and I had to do school from home, I was 17 (now 19) and my parents, especially my mom, kept saying that I couldn’t possibly but after I managed to convince them to let me get tested my therapist and Dr both were like oh yeah that makes a lot of sense… so moral of the story is ADVOCATE FOR YOURSELF it doesn’t matter what age you are, if you feel like you might have ADHD or anything similar and you have the resources to get tested then do it! The worst that can happen is your wrong and just need to learn some different coping skills that work for you instead of specialized solutions like meds or cbt!
Amazing vid andy!
yea maybe something other than medication could help? I personally take Methylphenidate (or ig now dexmethylphenidate because the USA is in a national shortage of methylphenidate and adderall) and its always worked great for me, but obviously everyone reacts differently, and I've heard that there are other treatments out there for adhd that aren't just drug
I love the open discussion on medications and the (sometimes) hard journey of Searching for the right therapy for you
I may have ADHD, but it is somewhat controllable. It allows me to be some bit more creative.
i have ADHD and my meds name was medikinet retard. and it helped me a lot
try ritalin! it IS meth and it rocks
In my experience, the medicine isnt going to do the job for you. you have to be able to re-task yourself, otherwise it isnt a good medication for you.
MAN!!! you explaining all this and showing the graphs... it really feels like when I have my bipolar episodes along with my constant adhd  I'd have moments even with medication that I go on a severe high and work for hours and hours and hours non stop operating on 4 hours of sleep then suddenly crash sleeping 16 hours a day... the medicine helps combat it though thankfully but my god did your grasph remind me of my swings
Ice cream Sandwich took meds and got better on the animation
Wait say that agin? SQURL!!!!! OHH ANOUTHER PICE OF CANDY!! 🤣
Taking meds is a rollercoaster, especially for brain stuff! I know I took adzenys which worked real well until it didn’t (I’m sensitive to medication). Look up the medication because it sounds like it might be right for you! Good luck!
I stopped taking meds of any kind when i noticed the side effects being worse than what the meds were supposed to fix. At 16, i was prescribed meds for a headache, but i refused to take them since they were specifically for people 18+ and the side effects were a half a page long and each one was worse than the headache. Lets just say that I've had better health without meds than with them. This is just my personal experience.
i unsubed thanks for telling.😀
Amphetamines 👍
Why is the video so quiet? Just me?
Yeah, for my it’s not just about taking the meds it’s also about where I am. Like even if I take my meds, when I’m at home I still get pretty distracted. But I go to the school library and I do a lot better. I’ve never really thought about taking something other than adderall because that’s all I’ve known since I was first medicated at like 7 years old. Then during Covid I had a long stretch of time (maybe 2 years) that I was unmedicated for.
Mu brain no work sometimes :(
that’s why psychologists are better than psychiatrists. trying out different methods to train your brain to do what you want it to do without fundamentally changing your brain chemistry unless it’s absolutely necessary. because part of what makes you such a creative person who develops these videos that keep us all entertained is your ability to let your mind do it’s thing. but i understand wanting more focus for productivity sake, and a psychologist can help you with that. just takes awhile.
I used to have anorexia and ADHD but the medicine for my hungry for some reason made my cortisol skyrocket so I dropped that medication quickly and while my adderall did help me a lot, I was also uncomfortable that it kinda made me emotionally numb. But then I realized depression was also part of the problem and not ADHD alone as what was severe ADHD was actually low to mild ADHD amplified by stress. So I stopped taking my medication for both hunger and ADHD and I was doing well without them. It's kind of disturbing to me that with the problems I had, the only solution told to me was to drug it away when as long as it's "manageable" I could go for a second route and simply just have a mindset change. While I could of taken antidepressants if my doctors recognized that stress was part of the problem, that's also just drugging my problems away.
Bro, going through different meds literally kills me. I keep changing and its mad.
how were you able to schedule brain analyzer machine meeting for ADHD?
I tried vivans end of high school, didn’t like it and quit trying anything. End of college, tried Concerta, and it’s been hugely helpful. I’m on 27 mg concerta and 75 mg Zoloft, something abt the combo had been nice
As soon as you said "consuming multiple forms of media at once", I thought of the fact that I NEED to play at least 2 games at once just to sit down and stim my brain.... now if that isn't ADHD
This guy never ceases to make me laugh!!
your description on the meds you took was pretty understandable and now I know some info about the meds that were mentioned in the video thanks
I too was diagnosed with ADHD 2 years ago, at age 24. The only med I've used thus far is Ritalin, and that's because it works remarkably well for me. The only downside of it is that it has a really short action; it only lasts for about 4 hours, and then it pretty rapidly wears off, and I feel like a zombie for about 4 more hours. The amount of work that I can get done during the active 4 hours is staggering, though. I'm getting my PhD, and I'd never have been able to make it through my qualifying exam, write papers, or submit a grant application without it
my add can get so bad i forget to go into work
people always say don't stop taking your meds suddenly (and you shouldn't, always talk to your doc about getting off them to stop properly) but i stopped taking sertraline, vyvance and some other thing all at once and i was just a bit more depressed than usual for like a week (probably because i stopped taking my anti-depressants) before i went back to feeling okay, i don't know how the heck i managed to get out of it with no bad stuff happening but here we are  always talk to your doctor to get a plan to get off your meds
when i got my ADHD diagnosis i had been prescribed meds. they worked fine but it made me lose appetite to a point where i lost like 5kg in 2 weeks so we tried another one. this time though it was just me feeling like absolute shit all the time, feeling drained and made me more focus on my thoughts which caused it all. dropped the meds myself, i felt better but now they're trying _again_ with a third one i have yet to get and i really dont want to do that.
Your experience with Vyvanse and hyperfocus reminds me way too much of my own experience with autism sometimes lol, just gotta hope to apply that hyperfocus to the right things and if ya cant welp there goes half the day lol
Tylko jedno w glowie mam, koksu piec gram odleciec sam w kraine zapomnienia
Personally medical marjuana does the trick very well with less side effects
I’m sure you’re going to get a million suggestions but I’ve been taking an ADHD patch called Daytrana for about 15 years and it’s been really good for me. It’s not as intense as adderall or concerta and lasts pretty much all day. The only down side so far is that I’ve basically waxed my butt of all it’s hair. If your insurance will cover it, it might be a different option if you ever decide to take medication again.
Oh my god, are you one lucky sandwich... Fron personal experiece, I can assure you, the adverse effects stopping medication can be HORRIBLE and lifelong. I did that with Concerta. Now I have a seizure disorder because the electrical impulses constantly misfire without the meds there to focus them. Do you have any idea how hard it is to live every day of your life with your hands and body constantly shaking to the point that you're basically vibrating?
I for my part take ritalin 20mg a day They last about 5 hours each  I feel like its a little bit of both Physical and Mental focus Wich is just right  Yes There are some days where i mess up But thats mostly out of my control and probably wouldnt have been any different if i had taken more or different medication  So id recommend those ones to everyone whos struggleing with ADHD   Remember tho Everything i just mentioned could be entirely different for someone else
Ice cream sandwich not sure if u respond to comments but I saw in one of your videos u said u have to make a drawing or something like that perfect before u can let it go I have the exact same problem and I was wondering if its a ADHD thing I'm not diagnosed but I have a lot of symptoms if u can respond that would be helpful. Thanks
I got distracted while watching this video. I think I should get tested.
I kind of hate when people say Adderall is "basically meth". That's like saying water is basically hydrogen peroxide because they're only one atom different. You're not a meth user if you take Adderall.
4:55  *Breaking Bad Theme Intensifies*
America's Medicine is expensive, because they waste their money advertising...
I take Ritalin. I was concerned that I needed a tolerance break. So, I tried a different medication I cannot remember the name of - it gave me ridiculous side effects like not being able to picture myself in the third person for six months after stopping it. It shut down my imagination entirely. So I went back on Ritalin, because hell no.
Once someone asked me what ADHD was like, and the only way I could describe it to them as a head full of angry bees or TV static, sometimes both.
ADHD is actually definitely like having a bunch of people in your brain but instead of disassociative identity disorder where they sorta like, take turns with the wheel and have different identities, they just all have control of the internal dialogue at once. And none of them are different people than you are. It's just a bunch of copies of yourself all slightly out of sync, and you're trying to follow instructions from a Twitch chat they're all shitposting in.  Edit: changed because of clarifications about DID; if I am misrepresenting anything else then definitely say something! I def don't mean to hurt anyone with DID!
I took concerta for years and at the start it was great i was excelling at everything i did but over time i felt it sucked all the emotions out of me. all i could be was silent and irritable and nothing gave me any sense of urgency. my body could be screaming for water and i would know i was extremely dehydrated and be very thirsty but would feel absolutely no desire to get up and care for myself or i simply didnt care. I could have been hit by a bus and not cared. by the time i stopped taking them i felt nothing, was always cold, always tired, had no opinions on anything and was intolerant of things interfering with me completing tasks. while im back to my old unproductive self im glad i stopped taking them, it returned the colour to my life.
Don’t give up! It’s taken me literal decades but once you find the right meds for you, it’s a game changer! You can do it! We love you!
I- i wanted to finish watching dance cow too qwq
I have snacks. It's called caramel dip and oranges Mandarin oranges. They're tiny and tasty
Don't worry, I got'chya man. *Unsubscribes*
I love you with my heart
Dawg I would recommend ceterizne or how ever it’s spelt  I’ve been taking that my whole like and I’ve been diagnosed with ADHD since I was 3
Medications are like JRPG equipment. +5 focus, -10 breathing. -5 pain, -15 sleep. But unlike the JRPG you only find out *after* you take it which can be real bad if you're sensitive or unlucky.
Learn how to cope. Also cannabis in the right amount is actually the best ADHD med.
Can I get a link on that cow video? It looks interesting.
Bro my ADHD meds dont do shit,… i think they are placebos
I didn't know that polish cow video existed, now I cannot get it out of my head. I would like to sincerely thank you lol
I have to switch medication every so often, there are probably over 15 different autism/adhd medications that I’ve taken, I have both
I have never heard adderall explained like that, as “being able to”, but it makes so much sense
I used to take meds back in high school, I eventually stopped because the side effects started to get the better of me. It can definitely help people, but damn the year I took it was rough
Boop
**Ritalin** ... plus a benzo if you have anxiety. >.>
With medication, always be cautious. I took Vyvanse for years and they became crazy addictive at a point. What's worse is the effects when the pills wore off, feeling miserable. While taking them, they didn't really help me because I became so used to them. So eventually, I caved and just stopped (Do not do this without consulting a professional). I took Concerta for years but I'm unsure of the extent of the effects since I was young when I took it. It worked, but made me irritable.
ADHD is wild. Any one else have to go to the resource room In school lmao
Im worried about your "paid" Actors. They don't seem to like their Job really much. Also their workspace does NOT seem very save to me.
The overlapping thoughts is amazingly well done. It legit sounds like 5 to 10 people all talking at once
I was diagnosed with ADHD during The craze of ADHD diagnosis during the 90s. I'm fairly certain I don't actually have ADHD but I was on drugs as a kid and what you described with the second medication is very similar to what I experienced. For me I was constantly nauseated and felt weak and out of breath. I did that for about 3 months and then begged my mother to let me stop taking them. That crap can mess you up if you don't have the right diagnosis.
I think for me, one of the worst parts about having ADHD, is not being able to explain how I feel, or even fully understand why I feel the way I do, I get frustrated when I feel strongly about something and yet nobody understands what I mean.  Another thing I hate is when I find myself actually understanding a topic and then wanting to share it right away, and then so I tell someone all that information at once, but it turns out they weren’t listening and I have to start over, except now I remember less of the information I had the first time
"DO NOT DO THIS EVER" Lol I forget to take my meds sometimes for a long while
Hi
You explained the vyvanse pattern way to well. The "if I'm doing the wrong thing when it kicks in, I will just hyperfocus on the wrong thing" was a struggle for me for months
As someone with it, ADHD without medication is like driving blind, with no idea where this it gonna take me
Wow man, i really can't tell you how much this EXACT topic has been on my mind recently 😅. Like this is kinda surreal
This took me 3 hours to watch because I got distracted in the middle
Haha cow dance funi
Meds aren’t a magical fix - they’re a tool. Finding good practices outside of meds are the best path to success.   Use meds yo help you establish those good habits. While on mine one day, I sat for like an hour planning out a weekly schedule and setting alarms on my phone to play throughout the day with encouraging messages. I don’t follow them, but they’re good reminders to pull my brain back on task.   To help control side effects of your meds: Exercise - even if it’s just a walk now and again, and drink a ton of water. Take breaks from them too if you can, I normally don’t take mine on the weekend. ADHD meds put strain on the heart - but so does the stress of not getting work done 😅.   Just like Icecream Sandwich says here though - meds aren’t for everybody. In this case finding a good therapist (if you’re able to) that specializes in ADHD would help tremendously.    You still have an ADHD brain no matter what. Our brains aren’t “wrong”, we’re just existing in a world not suited for us. Meds help us do what we need to do in order to survive, but we have to make them work for us - not expect them to make us work.
I have ADD it's like ADHD but I'm not hyperactive. I feel like I can relate :D  I'm also off meds...
im on vivance
Matt lay is a very cool person 👍 Appreciate him more
bro.....i was watching that :(
I'm actually so glad to hear about someone else's experience with ADHD meds. I've had the exact same experience on Vyvanse (in regards to the intense focus, not the side effects), and I actually started worrying that maybe I somehow didn't actually have ADHD cuz the meds haven't really been helping me be more productive, they just wake me up a little bit and intensify my hyperfocus. So my little paranoid brain thought, "maybe I (despite all my other ADHD symptoms) don't actually have ADHD and that's why the meds aren't helping me" It's honestly relieving to hear someone else has also had the same experience on Vyvanse, I can stop questioning my whole existence now and just talk to my doctor like a normal person Also, bad side effects are why I stopped taking anxiety meds, always listen to your body and talk to your doctor!
Yeah with viv I had this weird thing where I'd get focused on my school work so much that about a minute would pass and I'd realize I was forgetting to breathe.
I've been trying to explain this whole experience to everyone who knows me, and you come in and do it perfectly. Thank you, but damn you- but also thank you
I tried some meds for my ADHD. First week was amazing, i felt so good and productive, got a lot done. After that though it just… flopped. Tried upping the dose and it just made me tired and less motivated, probably was making my depression worse, until I stopped taking it. So ya, meds don’t always have positive effects.
Before I watch this, I don’t think I should have been put on medication for ADHD starting at 3rd grade to college. I feel it gave me drug dependency whether it weed, nicotine, or alcohol. It’s a vice. If they say don’t smoke weed till 25 because it will mess your brain chemistry then what did aderall do? I’m no doctor just spit balling.
and here's why i hate meds for the head, they make your brain dependant on that thing, and if you spend one day without it, you immediately get sick, or if you don't take enough you get weird side effects, so if head not work good, go to doctor but better doing therapy without meds
vyvanse made me have these weird episodes where I would believe things weren’t real i.e the world around me, or just myself. one day I got home and ran to the mirror because I was scared if I looked in the mirror I wouldn’t be there. Another time I was convinced if I tripped over I’d fall through the floor and disappear forever.
I have ADHD but I just take... caffeine. Zipfizz, Tea, Coffee (if desperate), caffeine gum, and/or energy drinks can be the best friend of ADHD uhh... havers? Sufferers? Teh Adhuds (nailed it).  It doesn't *solve* problems, but it does make it a easier to focus. Your milage may vary, unfortunately. Caffeine is a pretty light touch compared to prescriptions. And depending on your body/brain, caffeine may make you sleepy instead of focused, maybe depending on combinations (or lack thereof) with B Vitamins etc. Also for some it can cause or exacerbate tension headaches. So crud... if there were a clear answer for everyone, that's what we'd all be doing.
I love how true it is when you animated the brain part like holy crap it is so true lmao!
Wake up babe New Adhd vid just dropped
Can adhd be deadly?
My sister has those symptoms and me but I think I am not going to take and medication for it.
Thank you for your occasional videos lol they always make me smile. Plus your energy is always appreciated, I love the all over the place topics
My solution to each of my illnesses: drugs.
When I started an ADHD med two years ago (can’t remember which) it immediately made me very emotional. Like, I couldn’t stop crying even though I didn’t feel sad at all. I stopped taking it shortly after starting.
dancing cow
What if we all did what he asks at the end of the video 😂
Adhd meds and some other meds absolutly.... DONT WORK for me. It's like my mind is liquid and even after a few weeks... my body suddenly and spontaneously  rejects the drugs instantly and I start getting de focused or somehow even more focused on the things the meds were supposed to help me NOT FOCUS ON SO MUCH.
The out of breath thing on adderall is real. I always feel so gasped?
sometimes meds just *don't* work for some people and they just need therapy and to find strategies to help them instead some people need both to function, some people only need one, and some people can learn to function just fine without therapy or medication and yk-- if you ever go through therapy and you somewhat learn how to focus, you might be able to go back on meds if therapy isn't helping enough (and you're putting in the effort you need to for it to work)
"Andy, we need to get cooking."
alternate title: "I tried doing drugs"
Also you should try brown noise, if you can make it to actually starting the thing you needed to do brown noise has always helped me stay on track.
0:16 pov: Jesus
As someone who has also been diagnosed with ADHD my life is completely controlled by impulses. I can't do anything other than what my brain wants in the moment until it wants to do something else. I try to sleep, nope, brain doesn't want that, time to lie on my back trying to force myself to fall asleep for several hours, give up, go on my phone, stay on that for hours, I have to leave for school, my brain now wants to sleep. It is hell.
Meds are not the alpha and omega of treating mental health issues. They usually work way better in association with a therapy. I know that CBT (cognitive behavioural therapy, stop laughing) can work really well with ADHD.
I also just stopped taking my meds and I feel like myself again. Vyvanse is so wack. I legitimately could not think of anything but what was in front of me. It was hard to prioritize, to do multiple things, to fucking talk to people (banter, flirt)
i always tell my dad, i dont have an attention deficit. I have too many things demanding my attention at once. by the time i finish telling him that hes already figured out what he wanted to say next
I was on Concerta first, it did nothing. Vyvanse was a miracle drug at first, I was very productive, but as I got further into my teenage years I noticed I was getting more and more depressed. I'm not even sure it's on the list of side effects. But that was my experience. I also stopped taking my meds and my dad went utterly ballistic when he found out because apparently that can destroy your liver with this class of medicine! Fun.   These days I'm able to turn what was a crippling condition for a school environment where you're expected to stay on task and do *the thing* into an asset -- I don't think on one track like most people seem to, I can context switch and then pick back up where I left off with ease, provided it's something I enjoy, which overall I would say I do enjoy my job as I got lucky enough to end up working in the field of my life's passion. Get a support call while I'm working on a deployment script for a project later on in the year? No problem, how ya doin', what can I do for you. Then once it's over I don't even need to try to remember where I was and what I was trying to do. However I don't do well with deadlines just as before. So there's still that struggle.
I smoke weed and started incorporating meditation into my schedule it works for me it’s actually really helping me get in tune with myself, the meditating not the weed lol the weed is for every other time when I can’t meditate 😌 my point is I don’t trust prescriptions but you have to find out what works for you
You what a coincidence, I just got my meds as is this posted.  Also, id recommend concerta. I havent used it a whole lot, but it seemed to work very good when it did. The only problem I had with it is it was a bit inconsistent with when it worked, like sometimes my adhd would just overpower it if I didnt get up early enough when the brain demon was weak; but, I think that was just a problem with the dosage. Im getting back on it now at a higher dose, hopefully it works!
Been there, pal I never got work done, failed and had to redo classes Was EXTREMELY FORGETFUL. ADHD is definitely a journey
guanfacine has worked wonders for me
I also have ADHD, i would recommend Concerta, then again i am in Canada so it might be really expensive in the US. Also i am random internet stranger with an amazing profile pic, so go see the doctor if you are considering it.
MY MEDS DONT DO ANYTHING😭😭literally i’ve tried like 7 different meds also, (which were all almost an inch long) and with boosters but i still feel exactly the same
I was on meds i just wasnot my self on the meds it sucked
As someone who has adhd, this is VERY accurate  I usually need my medicine to focus on anything unless I’m hyperfixating on something   Though even some tasks, even with medicine my brain is just ✨ no ✨   Some of these no tasks are things like homework, animation, YouTube videos, etc   But even then if I have a hyperfixation all of that is thrown out the window, it’s only that hyperfixation.   I’ve been on many diff meds for adhd and other stuff- currently on concerta which makes me suuuper focused but like you had, it’s on all the wrong things. Quilivant (what I was taking before) was a LOT better but my insurance is like “how about no” so I’m stuck on concerta TvT
Haven’t experienced this with ADHD, but definitely the struggles with meds with depression. When you want the med to work so badly, but in your gut you know it’s not working and new symptoms are worsening because of it and you have to try another one. I’m all better now though! Wishing you the best ice cream sandwich!
As an unmedicated ADHD'er, I find the most effective way to get me to work is to overpromise on unrealistic timescales. Nothing gets my butt in gear like panic does.
CBD oil seems to work surprisingly well for me, as someone with a computer job! It doesn't really have any effects other than I'm able to, like... intentionally pull my focus onto what I CHOOSE to. No loss of appetite, no insomnia, no headache. I love it, and I know it's not addictive... because some weekends I simply forget to take it, hahahah.
*Me with adhd, watching a video about adhd, not focusing at partz*
I think I has adhd when I was younger but I had a teacher slap me every day while telling me to pay attention. I guess it worked
As a person with ADHD I would just like to say, meds aren't supposed to "fix" the symptoms and problems that come with ADHD meds are just to make it more.. manageable? I guess? I'm not an expert or anything but I do know that you shouldn't search for a med that can fix all problems perfectly, but you should look for a med that helps with in the areas you need help in.
Okay 2 videos and now im thinking shit maybe this is the problem ive been having most my life. My dad has but never did i believe maybe me as well. Because you know im perfect and nothing could be wrong with me
sometimes i dont take my meds cous it's holydays for me (i dont take my meds while holydays) thean i have a headache when i start again but it got for me better in the mid of my day why this might happens is: "maybe its to much at once for my brain" i have no prof at all i just know it only happend when i dont take my meds for long and thean suddently start again
I put to you that somebody who can write, animate and voice act as successfully as may not have as big a problem as you think. Go easy on yourself.
Hahahah, it's ironic. I was diagnosed with it as a kid, but I kind of outgrew it? Anyway, I have work now, but instead I clicked over to this. I realized what you were talking about was pretty much my situation right now, so I paused it and will watch it after work. See? I outgrew it. I promise.
I use a low amount of Adderall and it works for me
Hiya! Totally random stranger here! I was diagnosed as a kid, I’m also a girl, and as we are generally harder to diagnose due to differentiation of symptoms, I suppose you could say I was an somewhat extreme case.  I took concerta for many years, though, now that I’m older, I can tell it messed me up pretty bad. Sure I could focus and get things done, but I had compulsory ticks like picking my skin, braiding my hair, or general fidgety nonsense I literally could not stop.  I was a young adult when I learned about a nutritional supplement called ‘Empower.’ This is also around the time I learned how diet affects your brain, hormones, and general well-being. Long story long, Empower really helped me, and though I can’t currently afford it anymore, it still helped me at my worst, and I’ve become a lot more capable and healthier due to its support.  It also super super helps with your anxiety!! It’s crazy!! I was finally able to drive a car without wanting to cry.
Me (someone that's been medicated for a few years) meds help with the brain quiet, but directing focus is a skill
TYLKO JEDNO W GŁOWIE MAM KOKSU PIĘĆ GRAM ODLECIEĆ SAM W KRAINIE ZAPOMNIENIA
Well you said it not me *Goes for the unsubscribe button*
RIP regular person
0:46 "drug."😐
as a vyvanse user, i breathe heavily
I have been on every ADHD medication possible until they came up with the combination I have now, not to mention medicated my entire life so I have been in and out of hospitals and everything so going to the doctor is like normal to me now.
hehe dancing polish cow
This video is crazy relatable, I got diagnosed with adhd a couple months ago as a first year uni student that struggled with keeping up with classes and my friends that studied with pointed out that I showed many symptoms of adhd. Got it diagnosed and was prescribed generic 18mg methylphenidate. Life changing, I could do things that I could never start doing, I cleaned my fricking room cause I only noticed how messy it was on meds. Although I only felt most of the symptoms for   2 days (time feeling slow and quiet mind) most of the negative symptoms (lack of appetite, increased heart rate, dry mouth nausea)remained as I went on taking it. I logged every day and the symptoms I felt on it and realized that I still have trouble focusing on lectures and conversations with my friends. I researched the different type of adhd meds there were so I wanted to try something different. I had an appointment scheduled with my psychiatrist a month after for a check up and I told her I wanted to try vyvanse. Another thing I found out was that my personality was a lot more muted on meds and even my friends would point it out. So often times I would not take it on days where I didn't have class or I knew I wouldn't require me to do anything productive and that has worked pretty well for me. It's also helped my habits when I'm not on meds bc of how frequently I go on and off. Haven't tried Vyvanse yet cause I'm been procrastinating on picking it up but was prescribed Vyvanse 30mg iirc.
So, I am on vyvanse and when I started out I was on 30mg and had headaches. Over a month and half they went away and my doctor upped the dosage to 35 and then 40mg. At 40mg I am at my productive and finally feel like a normal person. So, it might take time like it did for me for the adverse symptoms to go away. That being said when my pharmacy ran out of medication for a few weeks I did experience severe depression due to the lack of dopamine and was very tired.
First: excitement, at a new ics video Second: disappointment, my partner is asleep and I'll laugh too much and the bed will shake from me laughing and she'll wake up so I have to wait to watch it Third: anticipation, for tomorrow will have a high point predetermined
I use to take Vyvanse and I could focus but creatively I was restricted to my absolute minimal amount.
Lmao this is almost exactly my experience with these meds and being able to see it is hilarious
I though that meds good for ADHD but after seeing this video now i know some work and some not work
I took adderall for a while too, and since my whole problem was that i couldn't focus... yeah. it also significantly lowered my appetite. like. to unhealthily low levels. so now i don't take adderall.
wild how different experiences with mental health and medicine are. i personally love vyvanse and how much its helped me personally, but its going to be different for every one
Alright you heard the man. UNSUBCRIBE!
bruh i have adhd and i take medicine and at night i said "bruh who the hell turned off the sun"  also rhe math answer is 24
I take Vyvanse as a 14 year old, ADHD caused major depression in me causing me took be a reck. Vyvanse helps me see everything clearer, I can handle situations and tasks better. TAKE NOTE! MEDS DO NOT CURE ADHD! They only help lessen the symptoms.
Awww so wholesome 😊
Dextroamphetamine works great for me, I just get weird tics from it, but I also take fluoxetine with it to prevent the weird tics from happening, just make sure to eat something before you take either of these medications because one of them negates the feeling of hunger while the other makes you feel sick if you don't eat first, usually around lunchtime to help me remember when I take them. Vyvanse, I take every day in the morning with a full bottle of water to negate the negative side effects.
i have self diagnosed my self with adhd ( yes yes i know, but ive done multiple years of research and talked with friends who are diagnosed and they all agree that they too think i have it. plus i cant afford to get diagnosed) but anywayyyy i really really would love to actually get diagnosed at some point and try meds because right now life, work, school, everything! is a constant battle. i never get any work done i'm always distracted and my mind races at like 10000 miles per hour and i would love to find something to help quiet it down for even just a moment.
Thanks for these great animations!! I really am learning a lot. Thank you for making us smile!!
Meth
Non stimulant meds were the key for me.
I was on vyvanse and had that exact same symtoms and u described it perfectly lol now I’m on smt called Foquest and it works really for me atm but sometimes you get that feeling that you get when you’re zoned out. But at all times
Btw if you start feeling better with meds (whatever they may be) don't stop taking it. Can't tell you how many times I've been told stories about angry people coming to my family's workplaces about suddenly feeling worse or something. Take the medication like instructed and if you feel bad call a medical professional.
ADHD meds are a wild ride, I went through Estratera, Concerta and Tradea. Estratera worked for a while, but my psychiatrist died of old age and my new psychiatrist told me that that one wasn't good for me, so he prescribed Concerta. That one nearly killed me, it too made me feel as if I had covid, I was trembling all day, I couldn't focus because I flat out couldn't think, at some point I was struggling to articulate and the reason why I stopped taking it was because it made me convulse. So I called my therapist and said ".... my bad, take Tradea instead" and that one worked for me.
I've been medicated on concerta for a few years now and it has been very helpful, I just wish that I had found out when it wasn't 5 weeks before my GCSE's, lol.  I also know that when I was taking a higher dose to what I take now (we were seeing what was the best dose for me) if I accidentally forgot to take it in the morning, there was a chance I'd just fall asleep randomly at some point in the afternoon. This lead to me explaining to my teacher what happened while feeling stressed cause I had fallen asleep in class and was worried I'd be in trouble 😬 Luckily she understood and I'm on a dosage that doesn't make me pass out, lol
As someone with ADHD and having to take meds to stay on task, you might get used to it.
Why is… the “square one” version of uhhh Andy? If his name isn’t Andy it’s Andy now. V1 Andy (no drugs) is literally me. Interesting. Anyways I’m watching this instead of doing schoolwork so. Yeah.
I never thought I could have ADHD, because I have always had this ability to hyperfocus on things. Like, if I get into an art project, I can go 17 hours straight without stopping to eat, pee, or whatever. (It is not surprising to also know I have been hospitalized with life-threatening dehydration several times, and now I have alarms on my phone that just go off randomly throughout the day, mostly to remind me time is passing and I should probably drink some water.) Under the impression that ADHD is just "One time and band camp I told m--WHOA, Squirrel! Lol."  Yeah, sometimes it is lol squirrel. But really, if I'm having trouble focusing, it's because my interest is not sparked. If I can generate interest, I can hit that focus. (The issue for me is the emotional turmoil that comes when I'm forced to disengage from a task--I get so angry and sad, it's so hard to stop.)  There are a couple of tricks I've found off medication that work. One genius trick is the 2-minute rule. If any task will take you less than two minutes to complete, do it immediately. If you change your clothes and drop them on the ground, but you know it will take a minute to either put them in the laundry basket or put them away, do it. Anything more than two minutes, schedule it. Putting away clothes is a couple minutes, but if you have to do a load of laundry, plan for it.   Which is a second great trick, journaling. If you have the time, fantastic tool. Before the hellscape of my current job, I was just getting into Bujo, or bullet journaling, because the biggest benefit was being able to write on any page in any order and just add it to the index. Plus, it was fun to get creative with it each month. But I haven't had any time to write down anything, help, I need an adult and a better workplace.   And finally, most recently, I saw a short where a gal explained to motivate herself in her depression slumps to do things like clean her space, she'd just "hire" herself as a housekeeper and roleplay it. She explained it more like a monetary incentive, where the money she would have paid a lady for a couple hours of work could be used for a treat instead. But I'm a broke ass bitch. No, what appealed to me was the roleplaying aspect. Turning it into a game. Literally acting out the scene to myself. I had a very active imagination as a kid and would often act out scenes in my head, playing different roles and dreaming up scenarios. To me, the thought of doing that again but as a put-upon cleaner was appealing. I haven't had a chance to put it to a test, but I imagine it could be very effective for the right person. Or, you  know, you could pay yourself for your chores too if you have expendable income. That's probably not a bad thought.   On a sidenote - I take Vyvanse, though I've had to juggle how I take it. I actually have an alarm to wake me up two hours before I'm meant to be awake and take it then, and then I can't oversleep (literally can't) and I can use the daily morning routine to plan out my day instead of getting caught in a task when it kicks in. I also refused to go up beyond 40 mg, but that's mostly because the pill capsule is super pretty and matches my room decor... But also because I do not want to make my sleep schedule even worse. Speaking of, the downside to this method is that if I sleep through my alarm, I cannot take my meds that day because they will keep me awake at night when I should be sleeping. So some days do be like that tho.   Still, it's good to stop taking it if you feel bad on it. I don't fuck around with SSRIs and SNRIs, and I had a bad reaction to Adderall because it floods all the monoamines, including serotonin. But I think the worst for me was when I was taking an SNRI and had debilitating responses. Like, seizures while sleeping and nonstop shakes that were so bad I couldn't navigate stairs and fell in the shower. My psychiatrist was convinced it was nothing, but my doctor advocated for me when I saw him. Bless him, he's the best, because Brenda was overbearing and a brat. If you feel bad on medication, do not take it! That's good advice. Of course, work with your doctor if you're able as it may need to be tapered. But if it's really bad, don't wait.   Adderall isn't really meth though.... As in, studies show that while they are structurally similar, their mode of action on Dopamine in the brain differs. One study (on rats, to clarify) showed methamphetamine essentially released far larger farts of dopamine, while dexamphetamine (Adderall) did not release as much. However, where meth was a stronger agonist of dopamine, dexamphetamine was better and slowing reuptake. Essentially, meth had really loud, noticeable farts, but they cleared pretty quickly, whereas dexamphetamine had some quiet, less impressive toots, but they really made the room stink in a way that lingered.  (In this metaphor, your brain has a fart kink, I guess?) Because the goal is to keep the dopamine in action longer, this makes it more effective for therapeutic use. And because the intense euphoria and highs of meth aren't sharted out in an explosive poot, it is far less addictive and has much lower abuse potential.   Don't let me teach science. It is a mistake.
lol just started ADHD meds between vids! I already had the appointment before you posted it lol. wish I could have watched the video and then commented but no I need to do both at once and fuck up doing both somehow
Try Focalin that’s what I have taken for the last 16 years it gives you just the right amount of push to focus without any of the crazy side effects. I took vivance and concerta in the past and I just felt like a zombie on those
I’m on Vyvance which definitely helps me, but my balance of medications was adjusted and figured out over a long period of time, because I also take other medications to help with my anxiety. Another thing you also have to get used to while on almost any ADHD medication is learning how to recognize when you’re hungry without Feeling Hungry and then Making Yourself Eat Even If You Don’t Feel Hungry, because an almost guaranteed side effect is Appetite Suppression.
I've been told by my therapist that while I don't show definitive signs of having ADHD, a lot of my issues are damn close. I'm beginning to think I should probably get it looked into, I'm able to focus on things, but only things I care about/already want to do. So whilst I probably don't have any severe case of ADHD, the number of things from these videos that I can relate to kinda has me thinking
I'm NOT in denial about having ADHD, I'm NOT, because I DON'T have it!  I just... get distracted easily, and get caught up in my own thought at the worst possible times. My thinking process goes a little something like this:  Man, I got a GREAT IDEA for this story! Let's write as much as we can today! How do we start though? Let's watch a couple of videos on how to set up story structure... 6 hours later I've watched 2 hours worth of literature based content, 3 hours gaming, and 1 hour of menial physical tasks. Each activity lasting no longer than 30 minutes before being swapped between. The day is then shot, I go to bed, and forget what I was even trying to accomplish in the first place. I have the focus of a fish.  I remember trying to be a plumber was taxing. They would teach us something, my mind would wander into something else, they would tell us to go do "it", I would pretend to know what I was doing, then come back half an hour later, "Yeah can you repeat that whole thing again?" JUST FOR MY MIND TO WANDER AGAIN. Then since it would be almost an insult to ask a third time because I am so thick headed, I would just be like "Thanks man😅" and PREY I don't make too many people mad that day.
I take concerta or however its spelled and its a life saver. I have ADHD AND High Functioning ASD, and without it, I am the definition of unproductive. It helps so much.
I honestly think i might have adhd I will go take a test sometime soon
Someone WAS talking to me while I was watching this, be right back they're back.
Man you’re the reason I’m setting up a diagnosis
I tried meds and it made me WAY less talkative andade my focos WAY to hard on doing a certain task and to quote my mom i guess "those pills dont make them their own usual energetic self"
if the LAST video wasn’t a big waving flag this one definitely was … thanks I might look more into adhd symptoms ha
I'm still not entirely sure I have ADHD, I've never been diagnosed or anything, but I relate to a lot of what people who DO have ADHD say about how they think and do stuff...so I COULD go get tested for it or whatever but then I may go through similar experiences with medications? Or maybe it'd be good for me? I dunno.
This Video Is relatable for me          I think I have ADHD sometimes:/
Thank you for the brain skit cuz that's how I've been visualizing my ADHD but couldn't explain it and people thought I was crazy
Ice Cream Sandwich is genuinely one of the funniest people on this great Earth. We're all honored to witness it.
ADHD is a whole deal. Concerta has been the best option for me, as a slow release option that doesn't seem to be quite as hyper focused as Vyvanse
Polish cow
I love the animations dude!
Babe wake up ice cream sandwich posted
sounds like he needs something between the two meds
I was on Rhydillan (however its spelt) in middle school. It was pure hell, Zombie and Mega Depression. It was so bad I am scared to try anymore meds.    I was diagnosed in like 3rd grade and the last 3 years we are 90% sure I am actually on the autistic spektrum. So yea brain dont work so great but at least I can make whitty jokes.     (For clarity its been a LONG time since diagnosis for ADHD) This was also when it was just becoming main stream / know.
You can't just have 1/4 of your video being about ads
I want a 10hour version of the cow dancing. pls :)
I have ADHD and used to microdose meth (take adderal) and it worked! I could focus! That was great until I started focusing so hard that I would forget to eat or take care of myself. Not to mention the insomnia, intense headaches that would make me go blind and hear a ringing sound in my head at random moments, my body randomly getting shaky or even feeling like it's vibrating, difficulty breathing, and spikes in my heart-rate. It was almost like I had consumed a bunch of caffeine then had a sudden anxiety attack on top of that. It was really fun!
Idk what HD is but my doctor says I have 80 of them
I was put on dextrose emphetamin, Adderall, and Concerta at different points. Dextrose made me an emotionless husk, Adderall gave me migraines, and Concerta reduced my appetite. I was taken off all meds after high school because I didn't need them anymore. A couple years ago I got myself put back on Concerta to help with college and focusing on tasks around the house because I was forgetting to do "important" things a lot, turns out I wasn't the problem, I took myself off the meds because I felt I didn't need them anyway and I kept forgetting to take it or get them refilled, doctor called last week after I haven't filled it in almost 2 years and when I told him I just stopped he said ok and that was that. Probably should have told him when I decided to stop filling it but oh well life goes on
litealrly me in a nutshell
Have you considered a treatment with psilocybin? I know it's kind of ok the same spectrum as electroshock therapy (with the whole "it can change your personality" thing) but it helped me a lot with my depression and anger issues, and i know that it can help with ADHD.
what is that song at the beginning with the cow. I've heard it before. I'm going insane
Meds really helped me, but they don't help everyone.
Honestly you're probably one of the only guys on youtube who makes sponsor ads worth watching. Thank you for making the thought of buying random products interesting!
Ice cream, what do you use to animate?
What if you just locked yourself in a room with nothing to do but your work, and if you didn’t do something for 5 minutes, you got like shocked or something. So it would keep you working. If your work had to be on a computer you just put on those school settings where you can’t do games or random websites, just work.
Adderall works the best for me, it really depends on how ADHD affects you as a person, theres different types of ADHD and combinations with other neurological and mental disorders. you just need to find the right treatment for you, whether that is medication, therapies, brain training etc.
I suggest drinking coffee, caffefine lowers a person with ADHD's blood pressure, it personally helps me focus better
NEW VIDEO HYPE!!!!11!!!1!11!111!!!!!!111
I feel like until recently I’ve never really understood what my problem was. I just understood that I had a problem so these videos of actually been pretty helpful for me anyway.
not me remembering i took meds as a kid for my ADHD then texting my mom " Did i take Adderall as a kid" and her response being " are you having problems agian" HAHAH
I like how you even used the metal pipe meme for sound effect. nice detail
To play with something while watching an adhd video an adhd thing?
I'm not gonna lie too you, i was scrolling and barely understood half this video. 😐
With psychiatric medication, you have to be prepared to try a lot of different drugs at several different doses and try not to get discouraged by mediocre results until you've found the right thing. It's a pain in the butt, but it can be very worthwhile
I cannot remember names 😅 I can remember faces 😅
Vyvanse isn't like antidepressants or other more complicated drugs: it is generally ok to stop taking them if needed and it won't like... mess with your brain chemistry or anything (the worst I've heard is people feeling depressed, because they're suddenly less productive). I'm super curious how much V you were taking since this sounds really intense! I only take 30mg but I have a friend who takes 60mg and that feels like it would be so much haha. I hope you can find something that works for you! I know a lot of us have the experience of just crying when we finally get on meds that work because it feels like 'oh dang, it was supposed to be THIS the whole time?'. Best of luck, dude!
I'm taking my meds for like a week now and it literally changed my life. I'm waking up, get out of bed IMMIEDIATLEY and just... do stuff. My appartment is clean, I AM clean, I work so much better now.
god i had the same experience with the second med just fucking up my breathing and such, did not go well for me
at the moment I use a medication called Tenex (guanfacine) and they seem to be working for me
Riddlin made me not hungry even when I should have been but it made the screaming stop
I have tried Adderall, vivance, and one other med that I tried in 5th grade. I hated them all.
I've heard of people getting both adderal and vyvanse as their effects kind of balance each other out. I've only tried ritalin though, and I guess it works?
MF YOU REALLY MANAGED TO EXPLAIN IT SO CLEARLY AND SUPER RELATABLE, THANKS YOU ALSO THE VIDEO ITS SUPER FUNNY AND AS I SAID, RELATABLE, SO I CAN FOCUS ON THE ENTIRE VIDEO, THANKS YOU
I went through so many meds before settling on Daytrana, it’s Ritalin except a skin patch instead of a pill.  I have an esophagus issue that makes it very hard to take pills, you see.
This is painfully relatable. I haven't tried meds or anything because... $$ . 😮‍💨
Concerta is really helpful. Idk how else to explain it, it’s just nice. I take 64 mg of it, helps so much.
I'm sorry but is the video super quiet for anyone else or is it just me?
i used to get meds for my adhd too. but after a point life felt so boring. and i realised that I like having adhd. i like liking over stuff or just thinking halfway and being idstracted. thats what adds fun to my life
... where's the link to that cow video?   My ADHD brain is letting me know, I NEED IT!!!
Adhd is great but add is just as good, but it is only *VOID* brain
i take concerta, because ADHD ANNOYING >:(
medication used to be magic for me but now it's doing nothing and i'm on 20mg of vyvanse and i just get anxiety and high heartbeat and can't have coffee
Autism is the superior neuro-atypical brain...thing...stuff. Autists are better than you ADHD peasants is what I'm trying to say.
You should try methylphenidate. So that's like concerta and Ritalin. It works differently than the two meds that you are on and there's no harm in trying it.
Your my fav youtuber
Totally feel this video! Been diagnosed for years now, but I went years of childhood completely undetected and was labelled as simply lazy and unproductive due to my failing school grades, and was subject to Lots of yelling from my parents while not being able to explain why I couldn't do schoolwork. Luckily, I started dating my then-boyfriend, now-fiancé, who got diagnosed way before me, and started asking me about certain symptoms and ultimately recommended I see a psych! And thank GOD for him, because his advice managed to get me diagnosed and on the track to graduate high school when I was previously failing :,) My medication was Metadate! I feel like it's a good mix of pure focus without too many crazy effects on your body itself. I also took it simultaneously with Zoloft while there were some funky things, like the tremors in my hands got worse, it overall did what I wanted it to do! I've been off of it since the pandemic hit (conveniently when I graduated), but I'm starting to consider going back on it since I'm kind of back in that rut again. My fiancé has been on Adderall since he was like, 13, and he still takes it to this day and it makes him super productive, but Adderall is totally not for everyone. I'm quite surprised you got prescribed it first, because the way my doctors put it made it seem like Adderall was more of a last resort type of ADHD prescription. Unsurprising given it's...Meth Lite, or since you were diagnosed in adulthood it's most likely safer for you at your age.
I wasn't going to watch the sponsorship but than I was duck taped to a chair.
Hi man, ADHD meds work different on everyone, and each kind is a little different, so if you feel like it in the future there are still more kinds you can try. but meds dont work all by themselves either, working with a psychologist on coping mechanisms or whatever is helpful too.  I tried several different kinds of meds at different strengths and they all help in different ways but have different drawbacks, ecitaladopram was the worst for me side-effect-wise as it made my blood sugar go crazy low. what works best for me so far is vyvanse coupled with adomoxetine, as vyvanse doesn't do much for me on its own other than make me not feel hungry. adomoxetine isn't the most commonly prescribed as it is not a stimulant but it helps boost things for me so I can do things. its still not perfect but it's better and that's what matters.
Man I took so many drugs for ADHD throughout my life now I'm just depressed. Good times I think
I recommend Focalin XR, I use it (im a student) and it helps me a ton. I am currently on 35 mg in the morning and then I take another 5 mg short acting at 6:30 to finish my nigh hw. It helps a lot and I was diagnosed back in kindergarten. I have been thru a lot of meds and this I really recommend Focalin
I took Adderall and it made me gain super focus on Minecraft
Same here! I hope you don't take vyvanse and haloperidol at the same time... It caused my jaw to lock up and dry my mouth to the point of me constantly spitting anywhere and everywhere!
REMEMBER EVERYONE ADHD medication works differently for EVERYONE how well the medication works for you is solely based on the genes in ya bahdy SO! do not use internet people talking about their experiences with certain adhd medications to mean you should or should not take that medication anyways love you guys and keep ya brains healthys
I tried so many types of drugs for adhd that I haven’t had my last drug in a month cause I’m just tired of having to spend more and more money on more drugs. I already have adhd autism dislexia and BPD. Im done with drugs.
I am Australian so I can get concerta easily (drug for non adhd)
I forgot name so frequently it’s embarrassing
He’s better explaining than my teacher. As a person who also has ASHD I feel like people with ADHD understand each other but also nOt?
I'm not sure there's a medication for discipline, but that's just me.
Bruh the math question part is my mind in a nutshell,so many things are happening in my head when trying to do math so theres a chance that I also have adhd
Justice for compy >:{ And that poor dancin cow 🐄
I got distracted and ended up here and have no idea what I was doing before
i've been on concerta for a few years now, and it's really been helping me i'd say i still hyperfixate and be unfocused, but i can very much tell the difference between me being on and off my meds when i'm off of them i'm bouncing off the walls and when i'm ON them i'm collected and hence the name, it really helps me to concentrate
I kinda need to know what the cow video is, VERY IMPORTANT. Thank you.
Instructions unclear I subscribed thrice.
as a vyvance user, if you can get past the $327 for 30 days without insurance, it works
Where find cow video
I don't use medication and I managed it
bro i have the same shortness of breath thing i think we have super adhd
What you said about the second drug is similar to me but all the time. I get entranced in things. I'll lock into one task and go so far down the rabbit hole that I lose track of time an 9 hours go by, and I forget that I had other things to do that day. I'm not on any meds, it's just how I am
My story is Adderall is kind of similar to that, I didn't feel any differently but I was just able to get work done, the only problem was the outcome, Adderall took away my appetite and I stopped eating, ate maybe like one to two things a day, eventually my blood pressure was so low I stood up and just passed out and hit me head, I had to get stitches and decided to stop taking Adderall after that, I seem to be okay in school now, enough where I can graduate this year but it's still hard to focus without any medication
I think the key for me was to not take it all day every day just when I need a little extra boost
I never took anything for my adhd, but I did find something that worked. I call it a “fidget” and it’s basically what the fidget spinners are supposed to do (but they never worked). But for me I found out that if I play instrumental music in the background it helps me focus on the task I’m supposed to do, but I’ve also found having something like a hex nut in my hand also helps especially at work. Not saying taking meds aren’t bad but sometimes it could be done by other things
I was given vyvanse and it kinda worked BUT the problem is I'm also on anxiety meds so taking the vyvanse just made my anxiety came back just as bad making the other meds useless and I had to stop taking the vyvanse so I'm also back to square one 💀
Why your sound is so low?
Concerta's worked for me
The ADHD meds i took got rid of my appetite and i’d rather be unfocused than?? Unhealthily underweight?? So i stopped taking them 🙅🏾‍♀️🙅🏾‍♀️
Two things I learned today: Andy has ADHD  I want ice cream Stop taking meds as abruptly as possible Unsubscribe
4hours ago
I may not have much experience with ADHD, but I have primary insomnia that 3 doctors have talked to me about to no causality.  Meds that affect your brain are VERY per person and can be very dangerous. I've tried 11 different sleep aids at this point after years of struggling. And I've had some pretty bad ones... Always talk to your doctor, and it helps to have a friend or two in the know who can see signs of issues.
After watching this video. I searched up SYMPTOMS of ADHD and I think I could have it and I’m actually concerned…
I can’t wait to be diagnosed for something, my parents don’t believe in mental health so I’m stranded for the next 4ish years
Ok I unsubscribed! (jk)
What I learned about Vyvanse the hard way: Vyvanse causes you to be able to focus incredibly hard, like hard enough that you don't even realize you've been working for 8 hours straight until you get hungry, however if you mess up you can focus on the wrong thing and it's near impossible to forget about that and go back to what you were focusing on
For me a big help has been learning ADHD friendly organization skills, cognitive behavioral therapy and being very open with my teammates and coworkers on my strengths and weaknesses. Pair-programming life with my partner and coworkers too, like, telling them what I plan to do in a day and checking if it's realistic can be really helpful. How to ADHD has been wonderful, also the Junebug method of cleaning, and Sunsama have all helped me a lof.
As someone who takes 60mg of Vyvanse daily, it deeply saddens me that it does not work for you. I have never been more control of my consciousness than I am now, and my only side effect is the occasional shortness of breath you mentioned but infrequent and mild as well as sometimes feeling slightly overheated. It truly is a miracle drug if your body doesn’t reject it. If you ever find the one that works for you I will be very happy because we’ll probably get new videos 10 times as often lol
my fiancé has adhd and he took adderall
4:34 I take Vyvanse too.
I tried medication for my ADHD and it was such a terrible experience that while everyone else was seeing results, I was being tortured from the inside out. Never again. Always prioritise what makes you feel the best, with this kind of thing. If you feel miserable on your meds, but not miserable off of them, then those meds might not be good for you.
he knew what he was doing when he introduced the cow video in this one
you could also potentially have autism, there's up to 60% chance, and it sounds like the medicine you're taking is suppressing your ADHD symptoms, and heightening/worsening your autism symptoms. you could very well be AuDHD edit: heard the last remark about the out of breath thing, that could just be negative side effects of the medication specifically
Look at 6:10 a red uwu
1:57 😂 too close to home
Is it just me or your video volume are a bit too low? Maybe you should up the original video volume by 25% or something. I need to set 100% my YT video volume and set 60% my device volume to be able hear your video audio :/
Please explain on where to get the following sound affect and could possibly give me a link to it, if you are wondering why, I just want to make a silly goofy song with it and trying to find as many goofy sounds as possible. Please tell me where you got these sound affects: undo sound? 6:46
Yay, new icecream
Try meditation oh wait you’ll  probably get distracted
0:00 Poland REFERENCE
I personally take drophetamene
Ah, Vyvanse... I was on that stuff in high school. It helped me focus by removing any and all desire to do anything else, including eat. Turns out, I only had a little tiny bit of ADHD, and the rest was just autism. I no longer take the stuff, and my brain once again allows me to eat. Occasionally.
I can't focus on using medication to treat my ADHD because I'm already on 6 medications for my other problems like depression and psychosis...  :( My jaw dropped when you said you just stopped taking them, never just do that please
The ONLY difference between meth and Adderall is that Adderall gets diluted throughout your entire digestive system before entering your brain, whereas meth goes straight to your brain and sits there. That said it totally works and I used it personally from 6 years old until I got to college
Just do meth
As a kid i was on ADHD meds for a while from 3-6th grade, the way my doctor said that things would work for me is that "oh she'll have found ways to cope with it (ADHD) by the time she's done" or something like that, that was a mistake (for my anyways) so now im asking to get back on ADHD meds again so i can at least focus in class and get things done. (but do i think my parents will actually try...no). Yeah i need the ADHD meds again they help.
Personally, I was ADHD tested way way back in the day when I was 5yo, I tried so many different medications, I do remember the last 2, I just finished using concerta (which I only remembered because you mentioned it 😂) and now I moved to Atent, which a much better medication for me and I feel a lot more productive everyday :) Drugs are definitely expensive, but really, in some people’s state of minds, it’s the only option..
Okay, I’m studying medicinal chemistry, and I HATE when people say “you’re essentially taking meth”. That’s not true at all. That’s like saying “hydrogen peroxide is essentially water with an extra oxygen”.
This has 3,672 comments In under four hours. WOW.
With Autism being similar, I can relate with getting easily distracted.  What I'd recommend, though I'm not a doctor, is to get yourself to finish what you're doing first before going to the next task, unless it takes so long that you're getting tired and can be continued another time.  Even if what you do the following day is different than the previous, do your best to make it a habit and when you're up for it, make progress on, or finish what you made progress on from a previous day.
Just be you. It's worked this long.
3:38 we need a face reveal among other things…
Dw I’ll unsubscribe
I had the exact same experience on Vyvanse, actually. I have some other physical problems, one of which causes tachycardia, so I was used to measuring my heart rate. Turns out that when I was on the meds, I was feeling so short of breath, lightheaded, headachey, etc. because my heart was going full hummingbird mode. CRAZY high bpm. I had to come off it for the same reason. Still trying to find non-medication coping methods that work well for me, but it is a struggle. Best of luck to you, and I hope you find something that works well for you.
As someone with ADHD, something that helped me was music. Having a beat, rhythm, song to match my thinking too was incredibly helpful. The only downside is that I now walk everywhere with headphones, and people think I’m shutting them out, but in reality I’m trying not to overload my brain.
My parents were given another way to deal with it: just punish me whenever I didn't stop the symptoms from happening. According to the school psychologist, medication wasn't necessary, as I'm intelligent therefore I can compensate for the problems adhd is causing. Then suddenly, being intelligent wasn't enough. Which got explained with intelligent people being lazy. (another misconception, first you learn, that only stupid people need to work, then you're expected to work) Didn't work out so well.
Thanks for uploading on my birthday :)
I haven’t taken meds for my ADHD since I was like 11, but I took Ritalin when I did…the only thing that did for me was make me slightly less chaotic and take away my appetite, it didn’t help me focus (at least I don’t think it did, I don’t fully remember since I was pretty young)
Typical speed comedown. Drink more water and take some vitamins
Sometimes a combination of meds works, not just one!
I still wanna play some games with you dang it lmao. Idk why. I asked you some videos ago... Anyways. I've never been diagnosed but I most likely am. You know what helps me though? Honestly I just have an energy drink and I work hard. Still not as happy as I'd like to be but it doesn't feel good just doing... Everything.
Bro I take vivance to lol
Don't forget about Vyvanse's worst side effect. Dry mouth.
I quit your video to watch some of that dancing cow meme, and then got back (after watching a Hank Green short and the first 30s of Vsauce's Fixed Points video). Does it look like a ADHD symptom?
Dude thanks to your last ADHD video I figured out I have ADHD
this video makes me wonder if perhaps i need to go see if i have adhd. I relate to pretty much everything he talked about lol
Glad you're on meds now. Now time for you to experience the lack of hunger.
i was medicated as a kid, this was.... 16 years ago, and there wasn't nearly as much research and/or options. i think it was adderall that i took, of course i was a kid so im just guessing. it worked for a few years, but it affected my appetite and personality. i was doing better at school, but i was losing weight and not really being social. it took until we had a sudden power outage after i had already taken my meds and i had to stay home for anyone to really notice how much it affected me.
I get this
I literally stopped halfway through writing an essay just to watch this video because my brain was like, "Hey you haven't checked YouTube in a couple hours." Then halfway through watching this video I stopped to write this comment because my brain was like, "Hey I bet people would think this is funny." I also stopped halfway through writing this comment to... well because I lost my train of thought.  I have never been diagnosed with ADHD btw.
I think I have adhd but unfortunately in my country if I said this... Then it will be just counted as a "excuse"
YEAH!!!!!!!!! I had meds for a while and then i needed more yknow, it was getting a little harder/weirder and wasn't working right, so i asked for a HIGHER DOSE and then. I fucked up. I fucked up so fucking bad. I couldn't eat, I was getting adverse reactions to not eating, PARANOIA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA and just. not great. So. turns out. I need OCD medication too. So. If you have OCD and ADHD, treat both.  I still havent gotten my meds again and that was like early last year. ADHD is a nightmare.
I have ADHD too and people see my inattentiveness and inability to remember their name as disrespectful but it’s not something the meds or I can just stop doing.
7:55 mins not wasted (real)
They put my brother on Adderall when he was a kid and he literally had to be hospitalized for malnutrition because his body would physically reject any food he tried to eat.
Vyvanse and an adhd diagnosis are the main reason that I graduated. Better living through chemistry huh?
I have had medication for ADHD since I was in 3rd grade. And I have had MULTIPLE different ones. But I've had so many cause I could never tell if it was working or not. The last one I was on I didn't like. Cause all though I could focus kinda, it took away all my creativity and awareness of reality. I felt like I was just drifting through the day without knowing what was happening. Feeling numb to emotions and basically emotionless. I stopped taking them cause of that horrible feeling. I'm still trying to get new ones but contacting my psychiatrist is a nightmare! But this also goes to show that not a lot of ADHD pills work for everyone. And I usually takes a long to me for it to work for people! That's all. :)
I wish my parents had tried different medications when I took Adderall as a kid. Stopped taking it in high school. Wish I'd learned more about adhd as a kid in general.  Learned a lot about it as an adult though.
Hello, some advice from some one who's diagnosed with PTSD and sleep apnea: your symptoms are normal for the beginning! Learning Phase for the meds are 2-4 weeks. Just hold on it'll keep better 🙂 if it doesn't you should go to a asylum they will help you out better than anyone normal doctors could.
i was on ADHD medication for some time and it made me not grow and when i got off of it , i grew 2 feet in half a year… now i’m on anti def depressive medication for my anxiety and now i feel like i can’t focus bc all i’m doing it worrying if i’m depressed or have anxiety soooo it’s a never ending loop of medication ❤️
This wake-up then distracted b/c 'not focused on the right thing' feedback loop is common among much of the population.  ADD poster-child since I was born 45 years ago, and that aspect is less of 'medication not helping' than one's own discipline / self-awareness orienting towards tasks for the day.    ADD meds are not some easy fix.  Middle son of a psychiatrist here, yet even when I tugged at my mom's arm to ask if maybe I had ADD (as a tyke back in the 80s,) she was not able to see a "flaw" in a son so close to her face.  Was not until I was in college that a diagnosis happened, and me mom reluctantly confirmed.  So I think you are fortunate to have had the opportunity to develop coping mechanisms in the meantime.  Just my opinion.  Introduction of meds requires additional adjustment & self reflection.  They are just a tool.  Some of the most intelligent problem-solvers I have ever met have the same symptoms.  Now with portable technology overwhelming everyone on a daily basis the playing field is almost level.    Those cheating by taking ADD meds illegitimately generally will find side effects are worse for them, and that taking drugs to enhance performance is not sustainable.  Kind of like cocaine abusers.
Lol love the vid
for me concerta ( what ever the name is ) I litterly have head aches
I've been without meds for years. It is hard to focus a lot of the time, but I think I found something that might work for me.   I have this pair of earmuffs, the kind you wear to protect your hearing from really loud things, and it really helps to cut down the ambient auditory stimulation. When I do this, it's a lot easier to sit and think critically. It also helps to be in a good space that's conducive to learning/thinking. For me, this means: a table to sit at, good lighting, enough space, no videos to visually distract me, and no other people moving around that I would need to consider in any way.   If I'm trying to focus on physical tasks, a hat with a brim helps me block the visual stimuli of the tv that's always on in the background by simply looking down a little. My eyes are really good at picking up motion, so it's important I make it harder to do that.  If you read this, I hope this helps you find your own answer!
im literally picking up my medication tomorrow
I have adhd and I fought through these feelings like A B C and I I choose to make A and finnished it. I had rest too mut hey now I'm good with it. I will not take any medication
My little brother has adhd, and I haven’t asked him about his experience yet. Hearing what yours was is very interesting to hear! It gave me a bit more insight of adhd and how people are affected by it! 8 It helped me understand what my brother goes through. I’ll show him this video since I think he’ll feel better seeing someone else go through the same thing. This was very educational and very entertaining for me good job :D !
Im watching this instead of doing my homework cause i got sidetracked and now i have 18 tabs opened. how fitting 😭
If you read this you a Nerd
In my experience meds don’t give you focus, it just gives the opportunity to focus, but you as an individual still have to work hard to do things you don’t want to do. Having a routine, and have the things you have to do carved out into manageable chunks on a todo list helps in some cases.  That said, You gotta set your goals at a level where a brain in training can get it done. since your brain now has to learn how to actively control focus the focus it has gained, and since your brain haven’t been good at doing that in the past, one would have to start small. But That’s just my experience 😊
Thank you for articulating why I hate every ADHD med I've ever been on. I want it all. Not just crazy amounts of one thing.
You should try Ritalin
Cow link, cow link please, must follow dopamine
As someone who takes Vyvanse I will say that it has “quieted” the voices/noise in my head and did more for my anxiety then any of the anxiety meds that I had taken previously-BUT it makes me forget to eat and I have lost a ton of weight from this 😅
Yeaaaah I just wanna be able to open cabinet doors and then CLOSE THEM and clean my room and actually do what I had to instead of riding this roller coaster
As for not taking meds that were prescribed to you when you start having side effects, you ABSOLUTELY should stop taking them and make an appointment to see the doctor again. You may need to try a MUCH lower dosage! Believe me, there is a huge difference in the effects of different dosages of the same drug such as Vyvanse. I used to always take 60mg and now I had to drop it to 40mg because 60mg was giving me negative side effects. Now, I'm doing pretty well :)
Meds are never enough alone. Skills are needed too.
I've only tried Adderall It did a good job of keeping me on task but often times, it was the wrong task. Conversations with people were SO easy to follow tho, what the heck it's like I've never known how to talk to people before that point lmao
it’s great to know there are other people like me, all these medications, i have gone through too. I’ve had almost the exact same experience with each medication. It’s just nice to know i’m not the only one that had to go through more to get to the end.
I take Concerta and I get some wierd side effects: My appetite. It's just not there most of the days. Sometimes I go days of hardly eating anything and then on the weekends (I don't have to take them on these days) I eat constantly. Another wierd thing (Wich kinda works in my favor) is that no matter how little sleep I get I am somehow there in class and not dozing of. I've never fallen asleep once in class, no matter how little sleep I had. And then there is this emotion thing. I sometimes get stuck? In a "meh" emotion. I don't want to do anything and I just lay there and do nothing. This happens often when I am briefly in the emotion but then I cant get out of it no matter what I try.
You know its a good video when you can sit through the ads.
We are blessed with a video on taco tuesday 😀
Sounds like I cant do anything (correctly without getting guided) he listed at the start, also I take meds and the meds I am on is adderall. ( I started on 15mg and now im on 20 mg)
My experience with ADD medication started off what I thought at the time was great. My focus and grades improved, my thoughts felt organized and overall I was more productive.   However there were downsides I wasn't noticing enough. For one this newfound focus kinda eliminated my personality, I was just constantly zonked out. And my appetite drastically decreased. I got pretty thin.  Then during middle school step up day, a field trip where 5th graders take a day to experience what middle school is like, I got into an accident in gym class where I fell and hit the back of my head.  Went into a full blown unconsciousness seizure. Turns out the medication I had been taking lowered my seizure threshold, meaning I was much more susceptible to seizures from impacts to the head.   Haven't taken ADD meds since
2 + 2 = Polish cow 100%
As someone who takes Vyvanse it’s pretty much what he described a
Trying to find the right meds and/or solutions for my ADHD has been a hell of an issue for me to. Don't give up!
Yo I felt that. Got wicked anxiety with all my meds. Then took this thing called Azstarys but still get a bit overwhelmed
For me adhd is a pretty okay and manageable thing even without my meds, but I still wonder what it would be like not to have adhd, how much better it could be.
This vid hit home for me. I took ADHD meds when I was 11–around the time I was diagnosed—and it was a rollercoaster of being focused and getting things done, but being unable to snap out of my focus. I was just a zoned-out emotionless robot. I even think my friends said I wasn’t fun to be around when I was on my meds. Haven’t touched ADHD meds since then and now I’m 24. Don’t plan on experimenting either, just becuase those side effects don’t sound fun 😂 I’m glad it’s helping other folks out, though.
My adhd med is a long name but I know it has healthy meth
I take dexamphetamine (I think its a lot like Adderall?) and its been great, only issue was loss of appetite (Which is now under control)   highly recommend lmao
I took vyvanse in middle/high school and I can confirm that it DOES help you stay focused, but more so on the task you're doing when it kicks in. I'd take it before school, and it lasted the entire day, so because I was doing school work when it kicked in, it was helpful! The only downside is when it wore off, it made me INSANELY grouchy. I also had some adverse effects happen after I reached year 6 of taking it, I'd get heart palpitations and I got that out of breath feeling you mentioned in the video. You have no idea how relieved I am to hear that I wasn't alone!
dancing cow, NOO
I'm a self diagnosed ADHD person how do I get actually diagnosed like do I just bring it up at the doctor like, oh yeah forgot to ask about this thing that has affected me my entire life with desicion and lifestyle, can you fix it now 20 years in
ADHD for me is just hearing multiple voices in my head and they are all stupid.
Been taking Vyvanse throughout my childhood into my adulthood. I can relate to the hyperfocus on just one thing the whole day lmao.
Hey so I wasn't diagnosed until I was nearly 40, during the pandemic. By then, I had finally gotten diagnosed with & medicated for other stuff (BP2 & CPTSD), & now that the other stuff was under control, I could see this whole array of symptoms that wasn't. That was the ADHD. Unfortunately, I tried all 3 categories of meds available for ADHD & none of them made me more focussed, nor did they improve executive function. They just made me snappy & irritable & gave me a few other unwanted side effects as a bonus. So, still raw-dogging life with ADHD after 4 decades. 🤙😐 Sorry to hear the meds didn't work out for ICS either.
I have ADD (ADHD but not hyperactive) and I took methylphenidate (not meth) while in school (off meds now cause I don't require focus in my current life at this point) which worked for me. not sure if this would be good as I've only taken this particular drug. it function like the hyper focus described in the vid but I don't think it's quite as intense as described. basically, it worked for me and if you feel like it ask about it and how it differs from the other drugs.  my friend from work also has ADHD but doesn't take drugs for it. he got into drums and he says that it works for him, so you could try hitting things for awhile till you can focus properly.
cool
Damn it now my ADHD ass has to go listen to an hour of polish cow
I feel cool that I can relate with ice cream sandwich haha
5:50 Why you have to do that to me fellow ADHD haver?
I appreciate hearing your story. Finding the right ADHD medication was a nightmare for me. I hope you find what works for you.
we take ritalin and it's a huge help in a lot of ways but it does make our hyperfocus days kinda worse and that can affect our sleep lol for us it's worth it overall though i think
There's this hype over a food supplement nowadays that should help especially to be more focused and for people who are diagnosed with ADHD. It's a mushroom mixture, normally used in traditional chinese natural medicine and it helped some people already, being more sorted, feeling better a.s.o.! I'm trying it out myself right now, but since my sleep pattern and my overall nutrition is all over the place I'm not sure if it has any effect on me. Also I was not diagnosed with ADHD, but never checked my doctor either. At least I have many of those symptoms and I'm a mess when it comes to focusing on stuff, so taking a food supplement is without a risk unlike those medications and could benefit anyone anyways. So give it a try I guess?!
I feel like every Ice Cream Sandwich video is just "ADHD: The Movie". More please 😊
I love the random polish cow
I feel you man I have adhd too
I had to stop taking Ritalin just over an a week ago. It did EXACTLY what he said the Vyvanse did to him. My heart will race, I'd be very out of breath and become dizzy. So my psychiatrist put me on Vyvanse instead and so far it's been doing better. But I think it's because the Ritalin might still be in my system a little bit or because Ive only been taking Vyvanse for less than a week... It's been making my moods amplify. If I'm sad, I'm depressed. Happy, I'm very excited and so on. BUT at least it's not literally taking my breath away at work and seems like it's doing a lot better! Good luck man, I do really understand where you're coming from. I know eventually you'll find something that'll work for you. Because my brain defaults to spinning cockroach gif whenever I'm attempting to do anything else "productive" 💀
Me as Patrick "duuuuuuuuuuuùuuuuuuuuuuuuuu"
With medication as long as you haven't taken it for too long withdrawn is relatively is more easier. That's why you doctor had another appointment set up some time after you started taking it. It was a trail period because drugs that effect mental/emotional can have multiple effect towards a body. Its why your friend is fine taking it and also you were fine at the start but got worse near the end. Your body started rejecting it. But yeah you should alway call your doctor before dropping a drug and the doctor would probably would have told you to stop taking it plus come in next available appointment.
unsubscribed!
Where did You find this video with a cow dancing? I'm proud that such a stupid polish video is featured here 😄
0:00 - 7:54 was the best part. but also 7:38 - 7:41.
What I find myself doing with ADHD is having someone else hold me accountable to do my tasks, like a roommate or friend. Like not to the point of nagging, just a casual, "What did you do today?" and that usually keeps me in check.
I was diagnosed, wrongly, with adhd, the medications ruined my life and childhood and disabled me, i still suffer with that to this day. I no longer take them but starting Ritalin at age six i lost most of my developmental period.
Psst, hey. I love your work! Just wanted to say that I think the audio is a bit low. I have it maxed and had to turn down /off stuff to hear it! Keep up the hard work!
One problem I've noticed is that there is a LOT of inconsistency in ADHD medication therapy. I only have a degree in biochemistry, but I'm also one of the very few EXTREMELY treatment resistant ADHD patients out there. STICK WITH YOUR MEDS AND FIND THE ONE/DOSE THAT WORKS. There are dozens of medications out there.  I will point out very strongly that all ADHD medications work the same fundamental way, pumping a specific part your prefrontal cortex full of dopamine and norepenephrine. "Stimulant" or not, the medication, none are "more mellow" or "more intense", what matters is the dose and the patient, you will experience a medication differently to other people with ADHD. That's why there are so many ADHD drugs. Your friend implying that "vyvanse" is "more mellow" is completely wrong and misleading. Vyvanse is an amphetamine. Lisdexamfetamine. Adderall is not meth. Literal meth is meth. And yes, methamphetamine is a pharmaceutical, on-label medication for ADHD.  Per the couple adult ADHD specialist psychiatrists I've known, Adderall is a stupid drug to start people on. The current data says that about 80% of all patients respond to Ritalin, 27% respond to ALL THE OTHER DRUGS COMBINED, and about 3% don't respond to any ADHD drugs.  Also, and this is only starting to gain adoption among psychiatrists, is to start every ADHD patient on a non ADHD medication called "clonidine" (alternatively guanfacine). These are (at high doses) alpha blockers for your heart. But at low doses, they work on the glutamate neurotransmitter and something that essentially all ADHD patients have: Sensory Sensitivity. Startle reflex, insomnia, loud noises being very uncomfortable, etc. By adding clonidine to whatever medication you're taking, you can both reduce the amount of that med you need as well as potentially take a medication that was causing side effects or wasn't working, and make it work. Clonidine is generally considered a "magic bullet" in adhd treatment right now, as it doesn't fix the ADHD, but it can REALLY help with the meds to treat the whole package.  Also, the formulation of the medication matters. My psychiatrist says he's been seeing some generic forms of focalin (racemic ritalin) to not be working as well as the brand name lately. Also, how the same medication is converted from the pill itself into the medication can impact how it works. Some convert it in the digestive tract, some through the liver.  Medications all affect different parts of the prefrontal cortex differently, which is why some drugs work and some don't for us. We have a problem with a specific area of the PFC, and until we get the right medication, all the wrong ones do is over-stimulate areas that already have normal levels.   Lastly, don't give up on meds. For me, I'm stuck in a circle of suffering because I accidentally stumbled into the wonder-drug that solved 100% of my symptoms (with clonidine) and had zero side effects, was affordable, and insurance somehow covered it, despite it being completely off-label. I never even failed a drug test with it (which is funny, because you always fail them with regular stimulant meds)  And that drug was hydrocodone. I was on it for five years, completely stable, no dependence, no side effects, nothing. Turns out that before antipsychotic medication, opiates were used, and in the RARE number of patients it worked in, it was called "the opiate cure". There's a case-report book written by a pain physician, Dr. Robert Cochran, chronicling how in some of his pain patients that had dopamine-norepenephrine disorders like ADD and bipolar, their opiate therapy for their injury also treated their psych symptoms. I had to stop it because my state has been cracking down on the opioid crisis and treating all prescribing doctors like drug dealers, and my psych and I agreed that it wasn't worth putting his license in jeopardy. So I've been suffering with basically zero relief for the last ~5 years, despite all the medications known.   I'm insanely jealous of people who get relief from normal adhd medications. I wish I did. Focalin + clonidine barely scratches my symptoms and I've been forced to just brute-force my way through my degree and into med school. I would love nothing more than to just go back on the stupid narcotic, it made me functional and normal, and even when I stopped it overnight, I had zero withdrawal. In 5 years I never developed a dependence or tolerance, my dose was so low. I work so insanely hard to get 10% of the results that 97% of ADHD people can.
Dunno if I said this on the last vid but my one allergy is riddilen with its wacky out of the way spelling, I took "normal" adhd meds until, well, I got dangerously underweight, and then I found out that "hey, i dont seem to have adhd anymore" so yeah, this has been nice
Live in Canada.  Free meds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Be careful of the ones that just completely snuff out your emotions. Sure you’re productive but at what cost.
Maybe it's not experience.
I think I have adhd BUT there is one problem... my parents don't believe me AND THE WORST PART ABOUT IT IS I HAVE ALL OF THE SYMPTOMS AND THEY STILL DONT BELIEVE ME. So what do I do (or wat should I do?)
Been very much looking forward to this video. I'm looking to get tested, the only symptom I don't have is I was really good at school I just took a lot longer than others to do tests and such. It seems to be getting worse as I'm getting older tho. I worry about taking meds every day cuz when I took any anxiety or depression medications I felt like I was in third person if that makes sense. Like I wasn't myself but an observer? Conscious but going with the flow? Hard to explain. But I still feel like just knowing answers will help me understand how my brain works so I can work better. Also it's very hard for me to contact my doctor of my current new medication issues. But my appointment is in a week so hopefully I'll be okay :3
I've been taking Concerta ER since I was a kid. Stuff works great. On a lighter dosage its just enough to focus but not to much to get too engrossed. I think that balance is really important.
It so weird that Nord VPN doesn’t work for your butt… must be a copyright issue
HONEY WAKE UP ICECREAM SAMWICH FINNALLY POSTED‼️‼️‼️‼️
Why is this literally the story of my life in middle school
For me, I have a bunch of tasks I need to do, but instead of my brain letting me get to work, I stress out about how hard and how much time it will take, decide I’ll start later and never do it. It makes a loop of procrastination.   I also have the most difficult time getting out of bed because I don’t feel like doing anything ever. Having my phone doesn’t exactly help all the time.  The result is pretty much the same I get absolutely nothing done at the end of the day only to stress, lose sleep over it and have it drag on into the next day. Just the means of getting there is a little different   Unfortunately none of the medications I’ve received have worked. They either made me feel really groggy all the time or just generally uncomfortable, almost all of them made my teeth chatter nonstop
I take Vyvanse after Adderall started to just not work but now Vyvanse doesn't work and I'm pretty sure any meds I try won't work since my tolerance to drugs is higher than Mt. Everest
I haven’t been on adhd meds because every time I get on them I get unbelievably Angy, dunno why, but yeah
There are very few channels where I don't skip through the sponsorship segments, and you are one of them lol great video! I can see your animation confidence improving every upload! Keep it up!
Doctors not knowing "what this is"... story of my life. x.x
The thing about the medication is that it will not teach you how to do a task or learn a skill. You need to still figure that out. We need a book lol. I like the channel healthygamerGG. He has helped me a lot with figuring it out.
I love the animal crossing sounds
I have ADHD, and I use vivance. It's one of those meds that works out amazing at first. But the more you get used to it, the less it works. So I randomly find myself singing airpod shotty in the middle of class.
ah yes nothing better then amphetamines to get the whole squeaky clean. also helps a lot in crunch time at work. but you need to have a list of very specific tasks planned out. and of course.... don't do drugs.
Yea vyvance really exhaust you, not in the sleepy way, your wide awake but your energy just feels depleted for some reason.
Okay so, I have horrible ADHD, but I usually take the prementioned, concerta, which usually helps with focus on mind tasks, and physical tasks, it lets you do multiple tasks at once, but the downsides are pretty bad, being as you lose all traces of your personality, kinda becoming a void of some sort, and then you are absolutely not hungry at all, so you kinda just dont eat if you dont remind yourself.
Used to be on Ritalin. It helped with staying on task, but it would make me feel bored and disassociated all the time. I was switched over to Concerta at the advice from my then psych doctor, at age 12. Some of the side effects includes increased aggressive behavior and emotional regulation issues. Didnt take long for me to be pulled off from it
as someone who was medicated with ADHD at a young age, all I can say is that drugs are not a solution they are part of the solution, but you also need to change your lifestyle and habits very wildly, need support and also almost got to like force yourself into doing what you have to do, it is not as easy as taking pills and poof you are functioning as much as I wished it where
I’ve tried many meds over the years, was diagnosed as a kid. I really disliked vyvanse too, but liked concerts and Focalin. I suggest not giving up just yet. Being able to focus is epic.
I was on Adderall for a bit but the amount I needed to be productive was making my heart rate go brrrrr. So then I tried anxiety meds and it wasn't working. So now I don't take meds and pick jobs/tasks that I can do rather than try to beat my brain into submission. I'm not going to be an Engineer anymore but that shit's almost as loonie as neurosurgery anyways so I'll pass
I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid and I gonna go against the grain and say the opposite of what I’m seeing everyone post. Medication is not necessarily the best option. Being on medication for years I grew up with fluctuations in mood and diet and was never stable no matter the medication. I thankfully got off of meds a couple years ago. To anyone reading this the best support you can have is not medication, but instead having people around you that love and support you. Go out and do the things you love with those that make you happy, that is the best medicine of all.
Fun fact, polish cow is a song about somebody selling everything in their home for crack addiction :D
I am on the exact same boat. I was on ADHD medication but it only worked in the beginning. Later, it caused me headaches, excessive sweating in palms, sleep anxiety ( like my brain was constantly talking in sleep) etc. I am just now off my meds and i feel great but i am back to square 1 😂😂.
I'm Autistic. So basically Vyvanse gave you my superpowers lol  (The super focus bit not the tried to kill you bit)
i was medicated on vivance (vibance? idk) up until 9th grade. thats when my dosage got uped and i got depressed. now im happy and failing math. surprisingly im doing better this year than when i was on the meds
oh my God it makes sence now
You're remarkably productive making videos for somebody who suffers with ADHD. I'm frankly impressed
Justice for compy.
i also take Vyvanse for adhd. and in my experience, it works amazingly. when i have no meds, i'm very easily distracted and i get literally nothing done all day. i also flap my hands and move my feet a lot as stimming. when i do have meds, i can almost focus perfectly and i don't constantly stim all the time. and by the way, you are VERY lucky you didn't get any negative side effects from going off of it. because from what i've heard, the withdrawal symptoms are INCREADIBLY bad! so bad, you would wish you were dead! also, fun fact: Vyvanse is illegal to own and consume *UNLESS* prescribed by a doctor. because it's classified as a "narcotic drug" (meth and all those other bad drugs are also narcotic drugs). ANOTHER FUN FACT: if someone without adhd takes Vyvanse, it's basically the same as consuming caffeine. it would cause the person to become energetic and jittery. but for people with adhd, it does the opposite. it mellows them out and lets them focus.
D
Writing a paper a paper while having adhd was excruciatingly boring, like a real form of torture. With the very minimum amount of ritalin it was just “meh 🤷‍♀️”. Amazing improvement. Also don’t change medication just because people told you to because medication works very differently for each person.
I feel this. Ive been on addherall since 4th grade, but wjen I did try tonswitch it up it was bad. Though thats nothing compared to the hell that was anxiety meds  Its a stressful journey at times
I was having anxiety issues at work, and it got so bad that I was vomiting at the idea of going to work, which meant I had to call in, which meant work goals weren't being met, which raised my anxiety. It fuckin sucked. There were days where I felt like I was doing better, and would try to go in, but would get sick in the car because my body was all "Hey, this FEELS like we are going to work. I think you're trying to go to work." and so it'd make me sick. :P  Started taking anxiety meds, was feeling a slight difference, but not enough of one. But I also didn't want to be on a higher dose of meds, so I just changed departments at work, where I didn't have those unattainable goals. Boom, problem gone, and never came back, even without the meds. But just figuring all that stuff out was so confusing and annoying.
WAHT ANIMATION STUDEEOEEEEOOOEOO DOOOOOO YUOUOUOOOOOOO USESEEEEEEEEEEEE
I have had 56mil g of meds I   Physically can not sleep I have to take meds to be able to sleep
If you’re looking for something to help you with productivity in school or learning, then I would personally recommend the medication I’m taking: Focalin (dexmethylphenidate) but NOT Focalin XR. Focalin XR can have some “wonky” effects.
I am in the process of getting tested for ADHD but the symptoms are really killing me. its starting to affect my grades
I wonder more and more each day if I have ADHD
ritalin.
That cow is a vibe
Is anyone else's audio quiet? I have my speakers most of the way up and it's almost not enough :/
#JusticeForCompy … I was enjoying the cow video… >:(
Ok, for those of you who claim they have ADHD…Unless you are hyperactive which means you can’t stop moving for even a few seconds. ADD is the same but without the hyperactivity. Take some speed and tweek out on everything
That’s an issue with adhd. It’s meds plus a huge self control thing. Used to be completely focused on only games until I realized I had to kind of whip myself straight.
Anyone else catch the Mario party music during nord vpn?
Up until almost 2 years ago I was taking ADHD medication, unlike other cases I was diagnosed directly after symptoms started showing up. When I started my teenage years, I was sluggish and depressed all the time. So I just stopped taking them, didn't talk to my doctor, or my mom just when cold turkey after 12 years. In a few months I noticed I was a lot happier, I had more energy and I was able to do the things I loved. I so far has been a wild ride, and I can't wait to see what my brain and life has in store for me next!
My life exactly
You forgot about one key detail:  The  A p p e t i t e L o s s
Ice cream sandwich is the only youtuber whos ad read I actually watch
medicine for adhd is a funny little thing, I took rhiddlin then ConCerTA
I did the same thing in middle school I just stopped taking my adhd and epilepsy meds because one of them was causing my seizures I haven't had a seizure since I was 12
My meds made me miserable. Sometimes things just dont work for some people. Im glad it does for some people tho.
cow dance = good
Pretty sure his ADHD is cause by that 3 parasites in his head.
currently on straterra because. fuck man i like my caffeine and i WILL be a danger to myself if they give me a stimulant med instead of a non stimulant med. but it’s really effective for me for both physical and mental tasks and it has been for months ! along with venlafaxine for depression and anxiety but lmao, that’s a different ballpark
Is he explaining correctly? Medicine for ADHD: yes That one song always repeat in the head: yes Overthinking: yes Easily distracted while diffusing a bomb: yes Approved by a professional ADHD person     Like me :p
ADHD years of child means your brain will spaz out in every direction N just slightly probably have a bad memory bye-bye now
Carful taking the medicines. It can prevent growth. That happened to meeeee 😫
Yeah, in my experience, ADHD meds are an incomplete solution. They work great for some, do nothing for others, but I feel like my experience is a lot like yours, and what I'm taking, and whether or not I'm taking anything at all, needs to change depending on what's going on in my life at the time. Which is hard.
Take us concentrating pills that’s what I take I’m a child and I think concentrating pills with ADHD what I also take pills for sleeping sometimes I don’t sleep per night which I’m doing right now
Welcome to ADHD med gang
I take Focalin, it sorta just helps me focus a little more and zone out a little less. It doesn't MAKE me focus so much as make it somewhat easier for me to focus. I've also found that dosage can have a big impact on ADHD meds.
I thought I had ADHD for a while and took some meds that absolutely rocketed my anxiety into the sky and also took my heart rate with it 💀 turns out I’m just autistic and I also discovered I’ve got a very minor heart thing
It's a good thing you stopped taking it when you did. As someone who ignored a bad side effect at age 14, it. Gets. Worse.
5:28 that sounds like my TDA hiperfocus there xdxd
I got ADHD meds as a child and it made me feel like I’m on autopilot. I wasn’t looking around anymore but I still couldn’t pay attention to my teacher. It was a very weird experience and I stopped taking the meds relatively quickly.
okay but where's Compy, he hasn't come home yet
i’m literally taking my meds as i’m watching this lmao 😂
As someone who was on and off ADHD meds due to covid mucking up that schedule, I started to realize that perhaps the meds I was taking since I was a kid were maybe not the best fit as an adult. Changing up meds and dosages is not an easy task, I hope you find something that suits you in the near future :)
I’m starting to get the hint from God when I’m identifying with an ADHD kid I’m tutoring.
"I don't know what HD is, by my doctor said I have 80 of them"
It sounds to me like while you were on it you never had a "release" from the meds. If you can, check if your dose was for 24hr or 12hr release. When I had 24hr release I developed anxiety while on it since I was in a constant state of artificially induced focus you won't realize it till the first panic attack hits. Taking a day off of the meds in my experience has helped a lot (consult doctor first before doing this). Additionally, you must eat - no skipped lunches or breakfasts - and you must drink a lot of water. ADHD meds are appetite suppressants and drinking water helps a ton with sustaining focus as well as giving you a reason to briefly separate from your work to think and refill your supply.
I have ADHD and medicine never really worked with me. Yes it gave productive results but made me think to much of results instead of living. Mainly insulated myself during my school years.   Fighting the urge to make friends or fight the urge for perfect results. Meds in my experience never really helped. To focused on important or really stupid stuff that could've got me in trouble 😅.   Now a days I just adjust to my ADHD. It helps but me having depression doesn't help it alot.   Life is a rollercoaster for me
i’m on vyvanse and thankfully it works for me really well. i’ve been on it for months now but since i’m so used to it omfg when i forget to take it i feel so unbelievably out of it. i can’t focus at all and i’m so tired it’s like i’ve taken sleeping medication, but nope that just how i am normally, which is really weird to think about. and even though with my medication i’m 1000 times better than without, i’m still very behind the average person and focusing is still hard, but thankfully it’s actually manageable.
On top of ADHD I'm also autistic and myself and many other autists have similar experiences of stimulants not feeling/working the same as people describe. I hear all these things about how the first time someone takes adderall it's like their brain gets quiet and the stars align and it's incredible and they focus so well and it's so wild that this is what ppl are experiencing It helps me enough, I see improvement, but I usually don't feel much different. It's most akin to taming my hyperfixation - can be used more on demand but less effective than in the wild lol
I got diagnosed with ADHD as an adult just last summer. I've only just started on generic concerta last month. I totally understand that sudden ability to *do* stuff that used to take me hours to work up the motivation to unmedicated. I have no experience with other meds so I can't comment on them, but for methylphenidate at least I found it helps me stand up and deal with a task, instead of dealing with the wall of executive dysfunction. Like a lot of folks, the effect can vary depending on the day, and sometimes I feel like my dose is too low and almost ineffective, where other days I can get mountains of things done. The unfortunate thing about these meds is that we really gotta just try them all until you find the one that works best with your brain chemistry, and I'm sure we've all heard that line from our doctors at least once. Also, to my fellow adhd peers who managed to read this far, you should go brush and floss your teeth and drink water. Maybe unclench your jaw and eat a carrot. Love you guys!
It’s so nice to see someone talk about adhd medication. I do have adhd and am not medicated but i do take herbal supplements to help curb the affects(talk or your doctor this is not medical advice) I grew up in a family that used natural medicine which I know is frowned upon but we still went to the doctor we just were hesitant to rely on drugs.  Like I remember trying out adhd medication as a child but I got terrible reactions to it. One made me randomly break out in blisters. And I remember my parents talking to the doctor about how I their sunshine child suddenly had anger issues and when the sych asked me if this is true I was an aggressive little turd about the question.  It’s cool to hear people talk about their stories  and some people work better without medication and some with. Because everyBody is different.
I have ADHD and I can relate
Concerta did that to me. It made me productive, but it destroyed thinking brain. It scared a little 13 year old, boy crazy and afraid of an altered state, me. Adderall just turned me into a bitch, as amphetamines often do.
Time posted ish 8:18 Time I’m watching 11:19
I've been on that ADHD medication journey for about a year, and luckily found something that works well enough for me. Also- your doctors want you to find what works for you! Mine specifically mentioned that if medication is having a really bad side effect on you, feel free to stop using it. Obviously you want to let them know as soon as possible so you can find another option, but seriously, if it makes you feel bad you're absolutely allowed to stop taking them!
I had adhd for a good while, since it wasn’t terrible I was able to work around it most of the time. Of course, that also meant that I no longer fit the criteria for it and had to drop my meds, which made it completely impossible to focus. Eventually I gave up on meds.
Ok but what is the cow song? Please, for the love of god, you can't search comments and there's nearly 3.5 thousand of them now. Has anyone found it? I'm having zero luck in my search.
As a person whose been diagnosed with ADHD for 11 years now and 7 of those years being with no meds because the ones I used to take made me sick. Being without meds and learning how to just learn over time how to manage it on your own is rough. It wasn't until a couple of years ago I got a good grip on it. Meds just didn't personally work for me but it can be really helpful for many people.
Someone with ADHD here, (though definitely ADHD presents in multiple different ways in multiple people, and there’s a reason pharmacology exists) but it sounds like for your meth-med you may have been on too high of a dose I noticed the same symptoms of shortness of breath when I was trying to figure out the dosage and ended up being really high, and still notice it if I take my medication and end up ingesting caffeine before or after that. (Also going to note that we take two different medications, but it seems like all are generally stimulants, so I’m taking an educated guess… ^^’)
Concerta pretty much made me a robot. They helped with focus but honestly just sucked. Finding ways to do things with ADHD is better in my opinion
I have the ADD part of ADHD and I take methylphenidate for it. It helps me focus without hyperfocusing. Only downside for me is that I get  shaky for most of day until the med wears off
YES!! THE ENTIRE VYVANSE SITUATION IS SPOT ON. I felt horrible on it, but I knew it helped me focus!!
Hello sandwich man
Hey hey hey hey HEY. HEEEY. LISTEN TO ME. DO NOT EVER FUCKING STOP TAKING YOUR MEDS COLD TURKEY. Ice cream sandwich was very lucky, I’m thankful he warned us against doing it, but holy shit stopping your meds without talking to your doctor is no good dude. Like seriously, do not do it.
Very valuable video, I always enjoy hearing other people's experience with ADHD meds I've been diagnosed with ADHD when I was still a kid and I've only ever taken Ritalin, I stopped for a while during my teenagehood because I hated how it made me feel  I'm taking it again now for work, and I must say my experience with it is the exact same as yours with Adderall, worked splendidly the first couple of months, and ever since for nearly 2 years of taking it it's been about as much an hinderance as a help, I especially like how you put it, I can do physical tasks like cleaning around the house just fine and way more efficiently than I ever could off meds, but anything not that concrete I struggle to stay on task just like when I'm unmedicated, I learn programming and when I have to get a little creative about finding solutions is where I can stall my works for days to week even on medication; additionally in my experience I found that the meds still helped me with sitting still to learn, watching courses and lectures, and I can focus on work if I'm doing something completely new to me, but not when applying already mastered knowledge  I have two friends (adderall) and my brother (ritalin) who have had the exact same experience with their ADHD meds (super efficient and life changing at the start, then rapidly enter this state of not being able to do their job, they are all in creative-ish jobs, including programming and drawing, and the way I perceived it was always that creative endeavours or any task that is too open-ended giving me a lot of agency is what the meds don't help me do at all.)  Just felt like sharing because I don't know how many more people with ADHD struggle with their medication, know that you guys are not alone I'm going to bring up Vyvanse to my psych and give it a try after watching this, it might do the trick for me, thank you ICS for sharing your experience!
weird ramble : i gotz ADD (lol i add) and im currently on (and don't freak out) 500m in my medicine because i can't concentrate in school (still cant >:{ ) and so currently my mom is trying to find out why and how we can fix this (SWITCH MY CLASSES DUH)
I've been on Vyvanse for 10 of the 22 years I've been taking meds. It's a life changer for me. But my dosage has changed over the years as my hormones and lifestyle changed. It's important to keep adjusting to find what's best :)
Bro I have adhd and take adderall I think and when you take it like 1 hour later it’s just focus like before I take it my brain is just like ok focus on math ok solve for x ok so 2+10+x=14 so blah blah blah then I wonder if I mixed peanut butter with ketchup I wonder what it tasted like then the medecin kicks in and then I solve einstiens theory of relativity
The only youtuber I watch sponsers
This video just blew my mind it made me understand my meds more so thank you
You are fabulous and thank you.     Passing this on to others who could benefit. Thanks again!  🙏😌
Take something more mellow than myth 💎
Relateable
I love my ADHD. Wouldn't be me without it
You’re the only one whose sponsors I won’t skip, sometimes I go back if I missed something even XD
Bruh, as a Polish person, that intro is hilarious
i absolutely hated my experience with vivance, if i wasnt focused on something i felt like there was a hollow pit in my soul and never got hungry
i was on Vyvanse for years. since childhood basically, and  unfortunately my freshman year in highschool i had a complete overdose from the medication i was taking. my body finally said enough is enough. i barely remember anything from that day but my friends told me, and i quote "you were tweaking out so bad, they thought you were on crack." i ended up in a hospital for a few days then all was normal after that. its still impossible for me to focus but i dont think i ever want to go back on medication.
Ice Cream Sandwich: "Don't forget to unsubscribe!"  Me: Well, ok then.
Lmfao poor dopamine crushed
I love your little brain guy 😂
Finding the right meds can be a hell of a thing. I tried two as a teenager and neither worked or did much. I also was taking them for the wrong reasons. Luckily enough the first meds I tried as an adult have been very helpful for me  (which was Vyvanse and you pretty much nailed how it works perfectly lmao), but ADHD is such a broad condition that it's really hard to figure out not only the kind of medication but also the dosage that could do the things you want it to.  Hopefully if you're willing to keep trying medication that you do find something that works for you. The relief I felt in finding that for myself was huge and I wish it for anyone else who's exploring this avenue.
i had untreated (but diagnosed) adhd for two years and then i went to the doctor and she told me that i should become medicated i take methylphenidate and it has kind of just made the brain loud less loud (and i sometimes have the ability to do!!) but the symptoms are still there, just,,,,,,, muffled kinda i had a say in what i started taking, which was great because i didn't want to have really severe side effects or lasting effects, so we talked that through for a while and finally settled on methylphenidate i take 40 milligrams every day and it usually lasts through the school day but sometimes it does not work and i have a sad
I have a buddy that went through like 6 or so medications to find the right one for him, so don't be discouraged!  I remember the first time I took my meds (concerta), half an hour after I felt like my third eye had opened and I remember asking my roommate "wait, is this how everybody else feels *all of the time* and I've just been missing out?". I did have issues with tunnel vision on whatever I happened to have been working on becoming the most important thing but I actually was able to time when they kicked in pretty well, so I could start like 5 minutes before the kick and then be on the right thing. What eventually became more effective was using a notebook as a day planner and setting lots of alarms to make me check myself on what I was supposed to be doing. Eventually that built a habit (in a way I had never been able to functionally make a habit before) and helped me wrestle back some of the executive functions of my brain from the 5 man 8 trumpet band running the show.
I’ve had ADHD ever since I started grade school, and took meds starting around 1st grade. The stuff works great up until I started high school. During my freshman year my body physically started to “reject” (regurgitate) the medication shortly after I would take it. Im not quite sure why but if anyone reading this knows why or has had a similar experience I’d be quite interested to hear. Anyways, I figured that probably wasn’t healthy, so I stopped taking meds and have been off them ever since. In my experience, medication is a short term solution and it’s best to learn how to manage it. Not saying that applies to everyone, but I’m freshman in college now and I’d like to think I’ve gotten quite well at managing it, and even have figured ways to kinda use it to my advantage.
I’d put up with whatever side effects i got at this point. I can’t focus on anything and I cant even process what people are saying to me half the time. Its like I can hear that they’re saying words but I just don’t understand what they mean at all
This is me every single day... Maybe I have ADHD...
I'm pretty sure I have ADHD but my parents don't seem to understand it fully, they think I have it as well but when I get distracted easily they tell me to control it and punish me when I don't. Any suggestions?
I actively forget to take the meds that are supposed to help me remember to do things like take my meds. ADHD at its finest.
Remember when you were a farmer in Italy?...that's your answer.
I knew I had ADHD since I was a small child and I was always worried that if I took meds, I would lose the crazy creativity part that it. Just to find out that when I was a kid I did take meds at one point. I apparently forgot that time and when I asked, what I was like on meds my mom said that I was like another person, able to do work more effectively but emotionally subdued. I asked if that was disturbing, to have someone normally so upbeat go quiet. She said that she stopped the meds. This of course didn't help at feeling of if I take meds then I will lose a part of myself and so now as an adult I am trying again with a different type. And while I am still able to be creativity it only helps a little with getting more done.
This is so euphoric
My turning point for ADHD was when I stopped looking at it as something to "get rid of". I have had it my whole life and I have been aware of it my whole life. This has allowed me to kinda pull on the reins a lot more than other people who also suffer with it. I view it as kind of a super power. You have to build a legit TRUCKLOAD of mental power to get yourself to do things but once you do... Hyperfocus kicks in. I can get WAY more done than the average person because I can just get lost in something for HOURS and HOURS and HOURS. There are still days where I just follow the dopamine and lose the whole day but I have learned to turn those days into kind of "reward days" for after I do something really hard. Im a musician and one of the hardest things I do is get a full song done. Once I do that, I will sit down for a day and just tunnel. It teaches my brain that if I do something productive I still get to do what my brain wants me to do and its a huge boost to make me wanna do the things that aren't the most desirable. Like school. Or work.   With this being said, ADHD is different for every single person that has it. This may work for me and it may be something worth trying for others, but don't get upset if it doesn't work. Everyones brains are different and require different means of attack for mental issues. Just know you're not alone.
1 of my medications was kind of like the equivalence of being put on some sort of drug to make you go to sleep I don't know it's like taking 8 melatonin
guh
ive had the same troubles with adhd meds i used to take vyvanse and know exactly what your talking about. rn im taking methylphenidate and its been a lot better.
I take prescribed cannabis to help with my ADHD. It helps me focus and be surprisingly productive.
I remember reading somewhere that having a lot of tabs open can be a sign of ADHD... and there I am, sitting at my computer with 1,869 tabs open (I'm not joking)
I have adhd and I'm not on meds (I used to be on) instead when I need to focus I turn on Spotify and start working sometimes I get off task but I have friends who attempt to get me me on track idk in my experience with adhd it makes things easier to have background noise like music playing
As an adult with diagnosed adhd…Can’t say I would ever recommend Concerta. I had my hair fall out and a lot of aggression/anxiety/depressive side affect symptoms with that. I’m on generic focalin now and it seems to be helping me.
Y'know, speaking of ADHD medication, I completely biffed it on taking all my meds this morning and only just realized it when one of the people at my house wondered if the reason I had slept for almost 4 hours consecutively was maybe because I missed all my meds. I somehow had an ADHD brainfart that meant that I missed the pills that make the brain not do that and also do normal functions like do chores or not sleep the entire afternoon.
ADHD meds fucking suuuuuuuuuUUUUUUUUUCKS IT SUCKS. IT RUINED MY LIFE. FUCKING SHIT DUDE. THAT SHIT SUCKS. Like yeah it makes me focus better but the side effects range from making me, an already underweight person, lose all of their appetite, makes it IMPOSSIBLE to stay awake, makes me super angry, OR IT CAN MAKE ME FEEL LIKE AN ACTUAL ZOMBIE HOLY SHIT.
polish cow
I used to take Adderall (dextroamphetamine) but it made me irritable and I switched to Ritalin (methylphenidate) which is also almost meth but it doesn't do the same thing, when I take it I don't feel different, but I find it much easier to complete tasks and do schoolwork.
Bro, you just described me, unfortunatrly for me my mom doesn't believe in mental illnesses, she does, but she doesn't believe I have them
Bro I had to come back to the video three separate times because I could not stay focused. Edit: 4 times
This video's volume is kinda wack? Its too low, the volume is too low :(
In America drugs aways the answer
This video is great and all but also so frustrating as someone who has been unable to fill my meds for over 2 months, hope everyone else is doing okay with the shortages hitting everyone this last few months
I feel like these videos have been getting progressively quieter and harder to hear. Is it just me?
My sister got diagnosed with adhd and when she took meds it increased her heart rate and also was just really unresponsive.
Best way I explain ADHD for others to understand is "You've ever been high or drunk? I'm that all the time mentally."
This is such a cool video! I got diagnosed with ADHD in late 2022 and I've been on concerta ever since then, it's definitely helped me a lot (and it's personally a much better option than being unmedicated) but watching this video just made me realize that I'm actually experiencing something similar to what you described with adderall? Actually doing physical tasks is so much easier but the thinking and focusing part isn't (it's still somewhat better but not to the same extent).   (In my country concerta is the only medication available so I'm basically stuck with it even if it isn't the perfect fit but it's still nice to realize this stuff)  Thank you for talking about this! It's so rare to see people openly talking about their experiences with taking meds for ADHD and it can really help people to feel less alone.
What I’ve learned with adhd is drugs aren’t the answer just learn to live with it and cooperate like giving adhd a redemption arc
This is a good video, but the audio is really quiet for some reason.
ADHD meds definitely caused me more problems than they solved. I was taking strattera and it caused my other health issues (POTS) to go from bad to unbearable. I've since stopped taking them but my health hasn't gotten back on track quite yet
Try Adderall XR. You skipped a middle medicine and went straight to the strongest thing you could get, which was Vyvanse. Ask your psychiatrist to give you a trial of two weeks of Concerta, and while you wait for insurance to cover it, also get a two week supply of Adderall XR, that way if they deny it, you can at least continue getting the Adderall until the Concerta is either covered, or denied again by your insurance. Don't go untreated, you'll get right back into your old habits and it'll make you go back to square one but really worse than before.
2:03 wheeey. I take concerta, 72mg (2*36mg white pills). Which is about an eight times stronger dose than what I started with. Though I’ve stopped taking it as at graduating from high school (secondary education for Americans) and I tried getting back on it with just 36mg a month ago and it fucked me up for the day.
You should really play Omori!! Its a depressing/horror game! The game has a lot of cool things in it and even has its own song in it if you get that ending!! i think you would really enjoy this game!! home you pick it BTW your the best!! The movie will be the best and I have ADHD so that hit close to home except i dont have meds 4 it but still just wanted to day your the best and cant wait to see the movie!!!<3333333
I really believe I have ADHD but my anxiety is preventing me from ask my parents to get me tested 🤷‍♀️    heheheh have a good day ❤
Honestly ADHD (+ autism for me) medicine is so based. When you can take it. It’s so annoying when your adhd does the adhd thing when you take medicine, and you end up just… forgetting to take it. But when I do, I feel like another different person when I take it, Vs when I don’t, in a good way. I think it’s all about finding the one that closest suits your issues
You understand the song dancing polish cow is about doing drugs… right?
:( I do a sad. I liked da videos before.... wish you well though. Still hilarious.
Complete ADHD goblin here. Id say keep trying different meds till you find the one that works for you.  ADHD is a spectrum and affects everyone in different ways. Its the same with the meds. Itl take quite a bit of trial and error to find one that works for you but I assure you theres definitely one out there that will give you the effect you want. Different dosages also can massively affect you, and theres also the possibility that your also sensitive to stimulant meds (Like I am). I personally would maybe try vyvanse again but at half the dose you took previously. It could still give you that focus effect but to a lesser extent, and possibly eliminate those nasty side effects you got.
5:40 You basically described what it's like having ADHD _and_ Autism! 🤣  You're all scatter brained until suddenly you are so hyper fixated on something that you can spend the rest of the day doing JUST that!
why is this video so quiet
One of the hardest parts about having ADHD isn't really the day to day living... It's the down, limited, and dreadful feeling I get when I see people talk about it. Hard to explain, but it's there. It's almost like a reminder of something I don't want to hear, lol!
Need to work but I’m watching an ADHD video while my ADHD prevents me from doing work.   Fun
You know it’s gonna be a good day when Ice Cream Sandwich posts a new video ❤
Oh this hit close to home. Went through four diff meds before saying the improvement isn’t worth the side effects. So now I’m working with a therapist instead and it’s been going really well!
Make liiiiists! If I don't make lists my ADHD goes everywhere even if I took meds. To live with ADHD, you shouldn't leave all the job to the meds. There are many good ideas to learn how to handle it. In my case I use check lists and agendas, sometimes even whiteboards. Try to not use the phone, it's a great tool but also a great distraction
I have a tip as someone who’s been taking meds for nearly a decade. Don’t take the meds, try CBD oil. It’s helped me a lot. All the meds I’ve tried made me more stressed and anxious and similar things that happened to you. The CBD oil helped me focus more but without the negative effects of anxiety. Plus it slightly has helped with social anxiety, not much but enough to notice. You can buy it at an essential oils place I think, you put a bit of it in your water, and drink up baby. Anyways I’m rambling, that’s just from experience tho
Oh boy Vyvanse is fuuuuuun. Makes me feel bleh all the time, never hungry, and just kinda dull
I hope you figure out something that works for you. It can seriously be a nightmare finding something that works.  I was diagnosed during covid too, and needed extra support from meds. First, I tried Adderall. I hated it. It made me even more bounce from task to task, and where I normally had 10 browser windows open with 10 pages on each in my brain, it would force me to have a max of 2 total pages/windows. If anything else popped up, it would auto shut down another. It also mixed horribly with my PTSD and aggravated those symptoms. That sucked. I only took it for about 2 or 3 days. Then I tried Concerta. I had all of the bad side effects by the second day, including, over heating, sweating, flushing in the face, constipation, and extremely emotional. I cried for hours all the way up to exactly the 12 hour mark from when I took it that morning. I stopped it then and there. Next, we tried a non stimulant, Strattera. It sucked. I tried it for about a week. It lowered my blood circulation so my hands and feet would be freezing when they shouldn't, and I'd wake in the middle of the night to my arm, having fallen asleep. Even if that would've subsided, I wasn't getting any benefits from it, and I'd have random brain shocks. It's like someone ran an electrical pulse through your body to your brain whenever you stopped thinking about it. It would happen when you'd leat expect it and it would happen repeatedly. I couldn't do it. He wasn't sure what to do, so we tried some meds for 12 hour shift workers. It kinda helped, not a ton, but some. Not enough for the cost. I gave up and took a break from it all for a couple of months as my insurance changed anyway.  When I promptly flopped in school due to my struggles, I realized no, I really needed meds. So I found a new meds person who came up with a genuine plan with me and noted the need to address my ptsd too with some antidepressants. So I tried vyvanse and an antidepressant combo, and it works. It's been working for a year now. When I consistently take them every morning for at least 2 weeks, it's almost a feeling that my ptsd doesn't exist, and my adhd is manageable. It's wild. I can work now because of it. Honestly it's only after the support from the meds I realized just how bad of a place I'd been trudging through on my own for so long.   Tl:DR, some meds don't mix well with various mental health conditions, and you should check on that. My adhd meds weren't mixing well independently with my ptsd and I needed antidepressants to actually help balance everything out.
As someone with ADHD im currently watching this procrastinating
JUSTICE FOR COMPY.
Vyvanse made me severely depressed, killed my appetite, prevented me from sleeping and made me feel sick and out of energy constantly. Easy to say I no longer take vyvanse
Oh also, I'd give adderall another chance. I've been taking it since 5th grade, and it's just a matter of getting a feel for the focus it gives you. I've used it to write entire 2000 word essays in the span of an hour, read moby dick in a day, and ace pretty much every test I've ever taken. The meds only do part of the work, you have to do the other part
I took ADHD meds (first Ritalin, then Concerta, then Ritalin AND Concerta) from when I was five until my last year of high school. All throughout school, I was a genius. Straight-A's and B's (excluding Band, which I stank at but couldn't drop for reasons). My dad wanted me to "wean" myself off of ADHD meds before I was an adult, so I wouldn't need them as a "crutch". I stopped taking them and promptly scored a 33 on the ACT. "Great," we all thought, "[I] don't need the medication to be functional!" We all ignored the fact that I actually took them on the day of the test.  Thirteen years later, and my life is a mess. I dropped out of college twice, I am incapable of coherently applying myself on any subject. I have difficulty staying awake when I should be awake, and difficulty sleeping when I should be asleep. My mood varies from "suicidal depression" to "I can take on the world and win" on a minute-by-minute basis.  This is not a "cautionary tale". Correlation does not imply causation and vice-versa. This is simply my personal experience, and I can't help but note that the time when I stopped taking ADHD medication and the time when I started to become unable to hold my life together are about the same.
me and my brother had ADHD but for my brother, he took ADHD medicine but he slowly started to lose his personality after he stopped taking its medicine he kind of didn't start to get his personality back until 2 months. this is all in third grade by the way
C o w
Im not diagnosed yet but I really do think I have adhd and I NEEEED HELP FOCUSING!!! I want meds to work ;-;
amazing content 10/10
Every now and then I’m scared that I have adhd because I have eerily similar symptoms but my mom tells me that my teachers only suspected it because I could barely speak English and that “they made a mistake”
A lot of people think my brain is like rainbows and skittles but the olde do get the harder it gets I hate it I can’t focus on important things and small things enjoy me
Whenever I took my ADHD meds I always felt like a robot or a droid/a slave to orders that I felt like I couldn’t stop or think beforehand that maybe I shouldn’t be focused on doing something that I shouldn’t be (like video games instead of homework)
Problem with alot of the medications is that many of them are tested Unbeknownst to Anyone including the child and the courts (until after the fact) (hint hint Foster Children (especially Wards of the State (ie children up for adoption), those 90 percent liars), so next time you take your medication just know a child was stripped of there human rights and was treated as if a POW ignoring the Geneva conventions. Was also something that was practiced by Nazi's during ww2 looks like humanity really hadnt learned much. Happy times! And Enjoy!
my doctor said “we all have our little quirks haha” when i tried to bring up my neurodivergent symptoms so well timed video
completely unrelated but I was not expecting to hear the mario party six music that plays when you’re about to play a minigame during the sponsor
I've found weird work arounds to a lot of my undiagnosed adhd-like symptoms like... turning everyday stuff into challenges/games or just living off of pure stress to get things done. I think I'd rather do that than jump through medication hoops. Your videos are super engaging & I think they really appeal to people with ADHD so... thanks for the relatability.
Bro adhd+narcolepsy = heavy drug(Methylphenidate)
in too many cases ADHD is just an excuse. people just want to put a label on it. in reality, you just have a personaliy or you are lazy or you are shy or you are human and procrastinate. or you are an introvert, an extrovert. every person is different, that doesnt mean you have a 'disease' that means its 'not your fault' and you can just chill and not try to improve yourself. i find it hilarious the dude that works incredibly hard to build up this youtube channel thinks he cant focus on tasks and has adhd. sure bro.
Get off the meds people! Parents don't medicate your children just be a better more patient parent,  #Say No to Religious and LGBTQ+beliefs in minor children's public schools and TV shows!  Pass it on !
Awww poor guy watching the cow dance
ADHD without medication is ADHD, ADHD with medication is just more expensive to live, now time to go maybe work on one of many projects I start and never finish because DISTRACTION!  also video is pretty quiet
Fwiw, (I also have ADHD & went through getting meds) it sounds like stimulants are not a good option for you (both Adderall & Vyvanse are stimulants). I'm on Strattera, which is a non-stimulant ADHD med, & it's helped me focus & initiate tasks without getting so stuck in a single thing for an entire day like Vyvanse did to you. If you're still at all interested in finding a med supported solution with your doctors, it could be worth asking about non-stimulant options.
Some people are too quick to jump when you say you're on or off meds for ADHD. We're all individuals, and ADHD is a spectrum. When I got put on Vyvanse, I was already on Zoloft for quite some time. They started me off on a low dose and encouraged me to keep taking my Zoloft. I noticed a massive difference in my quality of life. My anxiety is no longer a disorder, and my depression is not what it once was. My thoughts stopped racing before bed, and I could not believe how easy it was to get up from bed in the morning. There are some drawbacks, and I think you nailed them. I also feel my time blindness got worse on the meds. I could go on, but in the end, it comes down to preference; these medications are not specifically tailored to you or me as individuals. You know what is best for you.
Medication absolutely is hit or miss. It took my sister many many tries and she still hasn't found one that works for her. I'm so, so much better on medication, but I also still have days where I'm. LOCKED. into something else. Like playing Stardew Valley when i should have been recording a thing that was due today that I've known about!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! For 3 months. :D
I just realized I have ADHD from this video
But I'm told this is how everyone thinks and is?  Fuck I'm so conflicted.  Nobody is unique, but everyone is unique because we experience things differently?   AAAGH
DONT DO DRUGS
I had a prescription for Vivance as a child and it ended up making me fat and angry. I don’t think I’ve ever heard a positive experience with vivance.
I tried meds and they would work for a while and then stop. I'm tired of pill chasing so I'm not doing that anymore
Adderall is my choice of drug, the others mess with my stomach too much. And I've tried to wean myself off it, but whenever I did, my thoughts felt like trying to walk from one side of the room to the other but the whole room is filled to bursting with cotton.
My favorite quote is: "My brain is a computer. It has 37 tabs open, 5 of them are frozen, and I have *no clue* where the music is coming from"
i took adhd meds for a bit if i took one more than i was supposed to i would have to be taken to the hospital maximum dosage was 1!
OOOOO  BABY WAKE UP NEW ICECREAMSANDWICH VIDEO
have a look at concerta i took that from the age of 4 till i was about 17. never had any problems. only issues i had is when i was 16-17 as i was starting to work and was leaving school soon i wanted to start getting off them as my specialiest told me that if i can try to it would make life alot easier to get off the medication for adult life. the problem was during the week ends i would stop taking them and i would hit almost what would be considered a crash. i would have 0 energy or motivation to do anything. during the school holidays i noticed this would only last a good couple days before i started to feel better it probably didnt help that during my teenage years i would only get about 5-6 hours sleep everynight lol. fixing my sleeping patern has helped alot though. anyways concerta worked for me especially in school. might be worth checking out. they have 2 dosages for it here in australia. the white pill and the skin colour one. cant remember dosages but the skin colour one is the higher dose and slower burn.
I personally take Ritalin as my medication! The kind I have, there is a long-acting and a quick-release, and in my experience, it's somewhat more on the "ability to do thing" side of things, but there's still a lot of use on the "focus" side of things. I have some advice for what I've experienced with it. In addition I have some general ADHD advice.  I am not a professional and I encourage you to take all of this with a grain of salt, but I figure it might be helpful to get some general advice that I have learned and adopted over the years. I'm mostly just sharing my personal experience. You don't have to follow any of the advice either, I'm not your dad, do what you want.  Pros with ritalin: - I have the ability to do!! - only takes around 15-30 minutes to kick in ish - long acting lasts around 6-7 hours. The short quick release lasts 2-3 hours. - my focus is pretty solid - I can switch and end tasks efficiently. Especially when I'm doing something I'm not wanting to do but am distracted by it, I can go "nope. End task now" and then do that. - helps with both physical tasks and sit down tasks!  They recommend taking it with meals. I usually take mine around lunch/brunch or so (so like 10/11am) and then when I think I need it, I take the quick release around 6/7pm, or whenever I eat dinner. I don't take it on the weekends, giving myself a 2 day break from it, but it's not bad if I were to take it when I need it.  Cons I have noticed: - if I overwork my brain, I will get a headache/migraine when the meds wear off, if not, a little earlier. Easily fixed by one Advil/ibuprofen and some water/a snack, so it's not too bad - quick release usually gives me a headache when it's finished, but again, nothing too bad and can be fixed with pain killer and/or food and water - this does not help procrastination. I still sometimes have difficulty prioritizing my tasks  With ADHD, it really is a struggle. Meds help a good amount, but there's still plenty that can't as easily be fixed. It's best to try and combine a number of different coping mechanisms. I've lived with ADHD for a long time so I have found that there's a couple things that help, even when I'm off meds: - to-do lists! Check boxes!!! Sometimes having something to physically check off really helps because it marks that spot in our brain as "done! Okay move on!!". You don't have to check every box on the list, but sometimes it feels good just to make it. - generic lists! Even if it's not a to-do list, I can write a list of things I want, things I'm upset about, things I plan to do. It gets it out of my brain - break tasks down into smaller and smaller tasks. It makes starting easier and honestly? Sometimes the seemingly simple things are so so hard. Breaking it down into baby steps is sometimes necessary. Ex: "stop scrolling phone and heat up leftovers to eat" becomes "close phone">>"stand up">>"open fridge">>"take container">>"close fridge">>"open container">>"put in microwave">>"heat">>"get fork">>"eat". - you don't always have to do the above, but this helps with both burnout and bad ADHD days where even eating is hard. - pacing/physically moving while talking/planning/thinking out something you want to write. Especially helpful for writing essays and other such things!! Also, record yourself to listen back to (on your phone or somethin) cuz there's no way you'll remember after the fact - keeping momentum!! Sometimes I get home and do a specific task (like the dishes) before taking off my shoes. I'm riding the momentum of the thought instead of interrupting it with another task (shoes) - visual learning and visual and physical reminders! Charts, pictures, doodles, schedules on your fridge, bright pink sticky note reminders, corkboards, etc. And then multiples of it wherever you are, even if it's in an odd place, but one that you see often. For me, I'm a very physical and visual person. If I can picture it in my brain, it's easier to remember. - make a place for things and make things convenient. My wallet and keys go in the exact same place. There's a pen already attached to my fridge shopping list, and it stays there because it has a string keeping it there. No need for searching for a pen, nor for losing it in the first place. No need to remember. - be patient with yourself! Sometimes ADHD can overlap with depression and burnout. Sometimes the best thing you can do is rest. - making a habit and sticking to it is nearly impossible. I have tried to be like "okay I will do this every day" and then after 3 weeks of solidly doing it, I have not made a habit of it and stopping for one day means it's dropped forever. Honestly, I don't have a great solution for this, but it's good to be aware/mindful of it. Forming habits does not come easy, so just be patient.  There's others that I'm forgetting, probably, but that's the most important kinda stuff. Again, I'm not a professional and I'm not your dad, so you don't have to do anything I say and you should take everything I say with a grain of salt and pick and choose the kind of advice you like. It's whatever works for you. Just wanted to share my experience both with ADHD and Ritalin.  I wish you luck working with and through your ADHD!!! Definitely talk to a professional about the various medication options and also the specifics of your symptoms. This is all stuff I have learned from personal experience and my own experience with going to therapy. Not everything will work for everybody (who knows, the advice that works for me might make your problems worse), but it's important to try and make something that works for you. I hope this helps, or at least gives you some insight! ^^
I actually have to schedule to get the test soon because I need to be rediagnosed to be medicated, I already know I won't survive the first five minutes guys help
As someone with add,adhd,anxiety and a learning disorder..... Life is CRAZY bro-
I'm pretty sure I have some form of minor ADHD, but I'm lucky enough that I just need a little caffeine to make the fuzzy/foggy brain feeling go away and help me focus very grateful that I'm not the kind of individual where caffeine doesn't work for me or makes me feel sleepy, unlike my poor younger sibling
I don't know if I have adhd but I have been trying to research it but i cant fully confirm it. Please help me.
When i was young i was prescribed adhd meds. Even though they worked, they gave me bad mood swings. When they finally took me off i was calm but still had the symptoms.
CHARGE MY BROTHERS FOR COMPY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;
0:17 not polish cow!!! I’ve seen it too much and listen to it too much (mostlikely something wit my brain) and I got curious and looked up the lyrics (don’t)
I love polish cow
Hmm I wonder what happened to that compy guy...     Ah I'm sure he's fiiinnneee
Totally me. I only tried addy and worked but flushed them down the toiled after a few tries. Not worth getting addicted
Ooh you did the wobbly sound during the ad, when your arms went all wavy. That is the best sound. Thank you.
ice cream sandwich upload adhd go weeeeeeeeeee !!1!!1!!1
Adhd without meds is constant over stimulation and shut down mode for me.
took adhd meds as a kid and didn't like 'em. made everything feel grey. there was something there to feel or think, but I certainly wasn't able to feel or think it. hated every second of it, and I'm still burning off the weight from getting off of it (one of the side effects was a complete removal of appetite. when I got off the meds, my young brain wasn't used to the "I'm hungry!" call from the stomach during the day, which lead to an extreme overestimation of apetite. add that to the "hard to burn fat" genes in my family and you have a fat, hungry kid). being built wrong probably counts as different, though, so I guess I got that out of it.
Boys and girls, this was a good video, but it's overlooking one thing...The tragic death of Compy.  WE DEMAND JUSTICE!
i have a prefect impression of you         ice cream sandwich noises\
I take Vyvanse, and lemme tell you. Nothing but drawing gets done. No eating, no drinking, nothing else. ONLY DRAW, THERE IS ONLY DRAWING
adhd is a fragile mechanic. sometimes if youre tryingto become medicated you will go through 1 medication and bne fine, while on the other hand like in my case I went thrugh like 15 different medication over the cours of the last 8 years till i found the right one. Still not 100%, but def better than without it (I take dyanavel)
ADHD Cheat Sheet:  1.  Krill Oil- For more efficient thinking 2.    Espresso- For focus  3.       L Tyrosine- For getting rid of procrastination and promoting task oriented behavior   *Never have cereal, protein, or coffee/espresso after 12 noon or you'll be up* *Take L Tyrosine as either a protein powder or just eat more protein. Do not take by itself*
Dopamine guy got me xD
I like how your open to talk about these things.
it was great hearing your experience! ADHD runs in my family but for some reason, everyone except my brother just decided we would not go to the doctor for it because surely it cant be that bad right?,,,,,,,right yeah no. my mom just recently went and finally got medicated for it at 50 yrs old and now is encouraging me to as well, so we'll see how it goes. love ur vids a lot :)
Im getting medicated soon its certainly gonna be the most time ever
Here at 168,366 views.
I toke vivace from the age of 7 to I think 16. I was able to focus at school but have the trouble sleeping part every now and then. I had to switch to Adderall because of insurance. I HATED it. It messed up my head so bad that I stopped taking it around the middle of my junior year of high school. It's been about 7 years since I taken any medication because I more able to handle it. This might be a me thing but I have notice that whenever I drink monster energy (sugar free) I feel like I'm back on medication with how focus I can be.  Thank you to whoever reads my rant, do what's best for you. I am not a doctor.
I used to be on it until late middle school. When I was in elementary a school nurse was popping medicine meant for students and giving us gummies and sugar pills instead so when teachers kept complaining I wasn’t paying attention they’d boost to medication. By the time we figured out what was happening the medication I was on was SO HIGH that I was absolutely wired. I focused too hard, I got extremely irritable, I was emotionally dead half the time and it was a struggle to correct it. By the time I was late into Middle School I was aware enough of what was happening and hated it. I felt robotic and filled with rage I knew was irrational but everything was so annoying when I was on it. So I asked if I could stop taking the medicine, it took convincing but my mom said the moment my grades started dropping I’d be back on it. I’ve not taken Medication since and I’m 28. It took a lot of determination but it’s worth it to not be in a living hell.
I was taking Ritalin and it was super helpful but it gave me a lot of health problems, eventually those problems went to my heart so I quit but now I’m back at root one. Was a straight A student on meds and now im like failing everything.
is the sound very low for anyone else?
I've taken ADHD meds my whole life until just recently and I do not regret stopping. They made me sad and self conscious. Idk if that happens to anyone else but Im pretty against them now.
Not medical advice but there are non-stimulant treatments for ADHD that you might find to be a lot better. Consider talking to your medical professional about Strattera
I had been diagnosed when I was only in 2nd grade, so I’ve always known I had this. It’s kinda hard, and it had taken until earlier last year (I’m 18 now) to finally find a medication and a dosage that works for me. I take Vyvanse and I can do more thinking tasks It definitely helps a lot, which is great because I’m in college now.
I would rather kill myself than get back on Vyvance
how do you manage to complete this video?
okay but what is that song thats playing at the start called???
I'm not medicated for adhd, because I have chronic tachycardia-- that is, high heart rate-- and pretty much all adhd meds are stimulants to some degree, and even if they don't give the "energy" boost to adhd brains like they do NT brains, they do still increase the heart rate.   And... honestly, what you described sounds a fair bit like what happens when I'm stupid and have caffeine anyway.   So... not saying you have what I have, but talk to your PCP about heart health.
I always forget to unsubscribe. Thank you Ice Cream Sandwich for reminding me at the end. Legend.
I was able to funnel most of my ADHD hyperactivity into absolutely demolishing my fingernails to the point i end up eating the layers of cuticles as well… so not really fixed but i can get a mild amount of work done with middle ground focus :)
That Vyvanse reaction, that's an overdose dude. Same thing happens to me with my Ritalin. I remember one day when I was young my mom gave me my dose, and then didn't communicate with my dad who also gave me a dose, and I spent the afternoon on the floor in the bathroom naked hyperventilating. That's life though you know?
This is different but still so similar to my experience trying medication for adhd.... it's so miss and miss.
I've been diagnosed and medicated for my ADHD since I was 8 years old, I've never been on anything other than Adderall, though. The description of Vyvanse has me intrigued ngl.  a month ago my prescription couldn't be filled for over a month. I take a decently high dose every day because I've been on it for over ten years and over time needed little bumps in dosage to keep the same effect. I've been on my current dosage for about five years now.  The month long experience of deprivation from my meds was simply..... unmatched in anything I've ever had before.  One day without my medication is normally fine, I've ended up skipping here and there because of circumstances. A few days was when things started crashing and burning. Felt like all the ropes that were holding me together just snapped and came loose. It felt like I couldn't *see.* I could view my surroundings but nothing ever *soaked in.* I was constantly exhausted despite absolutely sleeping more than normal. Terrifying experience I never want that again.
I've been on Ritalin for about a year now and it has been super helpful for me! Especially in the ~focus~ department but I totally get the struggle with finding something that works. I tried two other medications (that I can't remember the names of lol) before I got to Ritalin and then we had to figure out the right dosage. It was pretty weird bouncing around meds but totally worth it in the end imo, so if you think that meds are the right option for you then don't give up the search!! They really can be life changing!! I can't tell you how incredible it was to actually be a functioning person for the first time lmao but I think you know what I mean. Having ADHD can definitely be hard, like really hard sometimes, but don't forget that you're not alone!! I'm sure you'll find something that works for you!!
well,that explain why i live in my parent basement now
I used to be medicated for ADHD, I took Concerta, and while the ability to be productive in school was really nice, it felt like it made me totally boring.  Like it shut down the parts of my brain that were fun.  It also had problematic side effects, to the point where I was taking other medication to counteract the side effects of the concerta, which in retrospect seems really dumb.  I stopped taking it after a while, because I got sick of the side effects and felt like the result was just worse than the problem.  Might be worth looking into a different medication though, I basically thought there was only concerta and similar stuff so I never considered restarting it seriously. Long one oops
Why is the audio so quiet?
3hours
i got diagnosed in july or august of 2022 and i went from thinking everything at once before i was on meds to thinking nothing ever. win i guess?
I personally use Strattera for mine which is super powerful so i don't really get used to it but it can have bad side affects like me having basically no emotions but I can focus in basically anything and do anything but then when the meds go away  I have SUPER emotions
So the lesson all of us adhd people learned from this is stick to adderall... it may be meth but it helps so its worth it... 10/10
I also had really negative effects from Adderall, Vyvanse, and Ritland personally. About a year ago my Doctor switched me to guanfacine which is a non-stimulant ADHD medication. It personally has been really beneficial for mitigating my symptoms and day-to-day life and not having really negative side effects. Its not as well known of a treatment as the stimulant medications. It may be a different route to consider though cause those meds didn't work for me either.
The more relatable Andy becomes, the more I feel like I should get tested 😅
is it hard to do youtube sometimes with ADHD
What's the song at beginning of the video?
dude it feels so much better that im diagnosed and knowing im not just lazy
Honestly fascinating to learn of its effects, I might have had ADHD as a kid and I took medication to curb it a bit and I do pay attention more in present day but thankfully I never had moments where I couldn't do the creative stuff, I think that only occured because of collage stressing me out and dulling my passion. In which case thats an outside factor.
I had been placed on vyvance for years when I was a kid. Like you said, it's great for a while but those side effects you experienced can be really bad. For me, it took away all sense of hunger to the point I was basically starving myself unintentionally. I'm off it now but having grown up on it I feel like there's definetly some unchangeable side effects it left on me. I really wish they'd research this stuff a little closer for us
I relate to most of this video- DO I HAVE ADHD!?!? AHH-
Just got diagnosed myself very recently. The multiple drivers at the helm is a great illustration... no pun intended... Doing Welbutrin since it worked for the other ADHDers in my fam. I would get medically retired from my job if I married Addy or Rita, unfortunately.
I have a friend who started losing his hair on adderall, and then he changed to another medication and basically just stopped being able to sleep.  Shits whack yo
simple and natural solution is meditation and chanting of lord's  name. it worked for me. it takes time but gradually  you become calm and focused.
Having ADHD, I am prescribed Atomoxetin. In the words of my psych, it's a really noble med with little side effects. Just a suggestion to anyone suffering with adverse effects on other meds.
My adhd is so crazy that when I'm not on meds, I can barely talk, and when I am on my meds, I create concepts for a wave energy generator
god i REALLY need the ability to DO.
As someone with adhd, I take ritalin and it works really well for me, like, it changed my life to such a level I would never be able to fully discribe on a yt comment, I can focus and have the ability to to things... Buuut where I live my dosage of ritalin is out of the market due to a manufacturing problem/ingredients shortage, so I switched to concerta until I get access to it again. Concerta sucks for >me<, it doesn't work at all like ritalin (which is interesting, because they are literally the same drug with the only difference being the active principle/how it gets metabolized, which just goes to show how delicate medication can be to each organism) and although I feel that ~tingling of focus magic~ and the mental silence, I become fatigued, lethargic and completely unable to do anything to such a degree that it takes a WHOLE MORE EFFORT to focus and do things while on concerta rather than just not taking any meds, which is hilariously tragic considering I am a terribly lazy person on top of the adhd. Anyways, ritalin please come back home, I miss being a functioning member of society
No, cus S A M E. Medications actually were the root cause of my thrichotillomania. I finally have meds that do what I need, however there are a few drawbacks like the strange sensation of my head being SILENT. No overlapping thoughts.
I was put on medication for ADHD in 1st grade, and cycled through about every type of ADHD medication you can imagine by high-school. For me it isn't worth it. The medications stopped working after a few months once I developed resistance to each one, and the side effects were always awful, no sleep and no appetite, brain completely on overdrive all the time. Now as an adult I have an Adderall script but I avoid taking it unless I absolutely have to, its just not worth taking medical meth. Mindfulness and being a small businesses owner help me manage my focus issues. Having a small business that requires physical work, and living on a homestead with lots of stimulating physical tasks works for me. I think ADHD is not really a disorder, it just makes what society considers a "productive" or "normal lifestyle" less attainable for people like us, and thats ok. Not everyone needs to work in an office and focus on single tasks at a time.
I haven't ever taken meds. My dad actually forgets I have adhd sometimes, and doesn't entirely understand the amount of crap running thru my brain 24/7. Which becomes a problem when you're a minor and talking to your doctor with ur dad who doesn't understand the reasons as to why I have a 504 plan beyond "he's just distracted easily It's not that bad". Bro the "I either have enough energy to run a marathon or I'm struggling to stay awake" with " my thoughts either run a marathon every 5 seconds or is nothing" or "my focus levels are either 100% or nope" is a  s t r u g g l e  and paired with my horrendous time blindness and procrastinating is why i have a 504 plan and intense anxiety when it comes to everything timed. It is also why i tend to turn in work late bc I simply forget it exists. Fuck this shit.  My ADHD is manageable with the right things in place so I don't have medication.  This is a WILD ride dude.
as someone who has taken ADHD meds, they're... weird. Mine cause appetite loss, which has led to problems where I um... starved myself. I never really have adverse effects when I don't take them, so... now I rarely take them at all and have noticed a difference. For one I figured out how to work through the issues ADHD causes and just get things done without meds, and tbh I kinda prefer it that way.
Maybe i have ADHD, i've seen the first 2 seconds and went straight to searching "Polish cow" on youtube, i've even forgoten that i was watching the video, this was 3 hours ago 😅
Thanks for making this, dude. I'm really glad Adderall works so well for me. I hope you find something that helps!
imma need a link to that dancing cow video sir
My experience with meds for ADD…. I lost the sense to understand or process feelings very well. More apathetic than any emotion. And the total of my childhood, I am missing a lot of memories. That or nothing was memorable enough for me to commit it to my memory.  I did manage to get though my schooling though.
Just so you know.. that polis cow song is ab drugs and more sensitive topics…
why vid so quiet?
Drug no work it makes me feel ill
The Polish Cow video is all fun and games until you know what he’s really saying
I was on Ritalin for a bit for adhd but then I got Covid and developed pots so I had to stop :( lol
I’m glad to see a detailed retelling of your experience with ADHD meds! I feel like people should do their own research and be a bit more wary about medication before it’s prescribed. For example, I already kinda have to do this any time I’m in a doctor’s office bc there are certain things I can’t take, so I have to run through a Q&A with them if they suggest medication for my problem. Unfortunately I’ve found many doctors are not upfront about this unless the patient knows what to ask. I’ve even had some doctors act like it’s just a drug and I’m like yes. It’s a mind altering/body altering drug. What the fuck is in it?
DO NOT TRY METH! YOU DO NOT WANT THOSE CONSEQUENCES! I have never tried it, but have many friends who struggle, YOU DO NOT WANT IT!
I personally use stratera but i have ADD
1:53 -1:59 is so painfully accurate
Why do your videos's sound are so low?
2:25 - 2:48
heya ADD here! check out Focalin, been great for me ever since 2nd grade with almost no symptoms! Helps prioritize and execute efficiently. Good luck man, love your anims!
TRY FOCALIN ITS GREAT :D
I have ADHD and it's nice to see people sharing there experiences with it.
Desoxyn is straight up meth. I am not fucking joking.
I think I have ADHD
I would suggest continuing to try different meds because when you find a med that works well for you it is a life changer.
Your experience with Vyvanse is what I had with Ritalin. Took it for a couple days and was fine, and then one day I got winded from walking up a few steps (not flights, it was literally 5 steps). I also called my doctor who said to stop taking the med (which was ok because I was on the minimum dose and it was only week 2). But then I did short-term Adderall. It was fine, until the lethargy from the withdrawal got to the point that I had a hard time staying awake after work, driving home. I then swapped to Adderall XR (extended release) and have been on that for a year and change. Genuinely helps me achieve a baseline level of focus and motivation to do my work and then some at home.  I hope you are able to find a good set of resources and tools to help! Medication is just another resource, not the end all be all
HUSFJYBREWN*GUHVMDSOGJRIGMJ<S<FMv ❤
🗿
ALSO A BIG TIP when starting a cycle, STAY HYDRATED!   MAKE SURE YOU EAT!!!  if your not hydrating enough it hits you HARDER! Its very common to forget about stuff like that when your "Speeding" Not an expert, just experienced ASL👀👀🤫😁
I've been diagnosed w ADHD since I was in 2nd grade? It kicks my ass on the constant tho
I take Vyvanse and have been for several years. It took months to figure out the right dosage and correct time to take it so I don't feel these effects. If I don't take my meds however, it's like withdrawal
Meds have always been FUN for me its usually choosing between being productive or being able to sleep.
Okay so yes the effects are similar to a meth thing, but first it's mocrodosing meth which has a wildly different effect and second it's a separate but similar amphetamine. Similar, yeah, but it won't have the same effect as normal amounts of meth and will have different effects even than mocrodosing meth.
Vyvanse gave me issues with my blood pressure and made me wind up in the ER :/
My ADHD low-key do be kickin' in everytime a video has a random sponsor.
Unsubscribed Edit: subscribed again
Maybe it needs to be a small dose of each Adderall and "meth" essentially combined into tablets done by the pharmacy
1:25 is literally me istg
Yk I had the same problem I was in like 350mgs of adrall I was a zombie and it messed up my appetite for a long time but not on any meds anymore and I’ve learned how to control my adhd everything’s good now hope it’s gets better
AddhD *sukes*
i unsubscribed, as you told me to
"Im all good, but like, not productive" Hits too close to home
I wonder how many doses of ADHD meds went into making this video…
Just me, or is this video super quiet?
Yall better get ready for those "Can we appreciate how much effort they puts into their videos?" comments
I’m considering whether or not I have adhd now
Aint this a fat ass mood xDDD
I'm on both the ADHD and Autism spectrum. I've always avoided medication because I was convinced that I could just handle it. It's gotten pretty far out of my control and this video has helped me get a better glimpse of how the medications could work out. Thank you. :)
Thanks for sharing. I unofficially have ADHD and have been on Adderall before (by prescription). I was also dealing with depression and anxiety at the time and found it really helped. Unfortunately, it was too expensive and I was too poor/ uninsured at the time so I had to learn to live without it. How? I did what I always do and studied it. I actually started off studying ASD (autism) as it somewhat fit, but didn't think I had the theory of mind issues, so it was back to ADHD. When I learned that my hyperfocus and lack of ability to multitask were not a moral failing, I stopped hating myself for it and was able to compensate-using fear. While I don't recommend it to anyone (it's not healthy), I used my fear of financial instability and homelessness to focus on education and complete 2 college degrees, get a job in an excellent company with great benefits and have even been promoted. One of the main things I did was to  first set myself up for success by limiting my obligations.  This let me concentrate on school instead of everything else that was going wrong since there was not as much to go wrong. I knew that I couldn't juggle much, so I made sure I didn't have to. It made all the difference.
As my adhd doctor told me when I was diagnosed at 36: if anything doesn’t feel what the average person might call “normal”, it’s not the right medication and we need to try something else. Concerta was pretty good but acted too fast and made me feel a giddy. So she moved me to Vyvanse, but it impacted my sleep. So, in comes quiet middle child Biphentin and - boom - perfect fit.   Also, as a Canadian, it’s WILD to me that a patient would tell a medical professional “put me on this one” rather than deferring to their recommendations first. Like…ask about it, sure…but going from Adderall to Vyvanse without stopping by Concerta first seems…like. A. Jump. But you’ve also got ads for prescription medications going on down there, so…*shrug*
I been diagnosed with ADHD sense I was in like- 2nd grade? I been taking adderal sense then, tho it can sometimes make me feel dead inside idk if this is normal, do I have to high or a dosage? Does anyone else know I can’t find information on wrong dosages anywhere
I have ADHD but I don’t take medication just because it just doesn’t work for me
guh.
idk, this sounds similar to what i was going through when i was 9-14;  9 yrs - diagnosed ADHD via psychoanalysis and electrical probing, prescribed 5g of adderall 10 yrs - gp increases dose to 10g     [got braces too] 11 yrs -  gp thinks adderall bad for me and takes me off "coffee should be fine." 12 yrs -  coffee put me to sleep, classes started at 5 am so psych says 10g adderall xr and 50g sertraline 13 yrs - gp puts me up to 15g adderall xr and 75g sertraline 14 yrs - suicidal meltdown, week-long hospital trip w/no meds, diagnosed with bipolar disorder   I'm still getting my shit figured out, but it's a long and difficult and expensive (w/o good insurance) journey, and i really hope yours doesn't go as low as mine did. good luck with the rest of your "figuring it out."
i’ve been fortunate enough to have been diagnosed in middle school and now i’m in college and i owe it all to vyvanse ❤ it’s fascinating how medication works so differently per person, like i experience what i can only imagine as what it’s like to be neurotypical, but i know it’s fairly common for other people to not benefit from it.   it always makes me happy seeing creators be open and honest about stuff like adhd and their experiences so thank you cold sandwich man  edit: typo
This is me. For the adhd symptoms
I was diagnosed with ADHD, but I didn't want to take the meds. So I just dopamine detoxed from all forms of social media, youtube, EVERYTHING. I did it for nearly a month. I was a normal human being by the end. I can work properly now if I shut up the media and do something for 25 min. If I get past 25 min, I can work for hours and be fine. It's not ADHD, it's a bad dopamine care problem.
I've been taking the same dose of concerta since I was 5... I'm 26 now and it still works great!
Is this Ice Cream Sandwich's first guest appearance??
I've been having to finish my school project all afternoon but anytime I start, I do one tinie tiny bit and then get distracted for hours. Now I'm back to doing it but now I'm watching youtube. I probavly need to see a doctor :b
As a proud member of the ADHD gang: Yes, it's an experience of a lifetime. Literally. Always take your meds as prescribed. It'll help you go even more places than you already do inside your head.
Yeah bro I totally get it I started out with Aderal as well. I've been taking Vyvanse for like 4 years now and honestly I'm thinking about changing it as well because the dosage that I end up needing just keeps getting higher and higher and it's getting really expensive now. Unfortunately for some there really is no be all end all solution to ADHD.
i was diagnosed with ADHD in 1st grade, vyvanse didnt work as i got crazy bad anger, my focaline mixed with music works almost perfect with no side affects for me
I'll tell my med story because after 5 fun months of figuring out meds I'm at a point were I have finally found what works for me. Started with generic ritalin which is methylphenidate. This type is the least strong of the main stimulant compounds that are using in adhd meds and as someone who has done research into these meds I'm surprised most prescribers will write up aderall over this for a first try. I started at 20 mg and over the next weeks I went up in dosage and changed from 8hour LA to 12 hour XR and eventually made my way to 54mg generic concerta, what I am on right now. Each time i went up in dosage it would work like i mostly wanted it to and then it wouldn't work as well as i wanted it to and this cycle reapeted each 10mg add in dosage until my phyc suggested adding guanfacine. When started taking it i knew it was what i wasn't getting from just stimulents. the stims help me stay focused on the tasks I'm doing, keeping me from spacing off completely, but no meds are going to stop someone from having thoughts so introducing a medication that calmed down my impulsivity is what i needed. For me without meds it's no focus and no pause button, concerta gives me the focus and guanfacine gives me the pause button. so when I'm working on HW and a good idea for my dnd character pops in my head i can have the ability to stop, ask myself what is the most important task at the moment, and then continue with my math, when if i weren't on meds i would have that rush of adrenaline from a new idea, which would give me that rush of dopamine, and 30 min later i have written a five page backstory but have left my math homework from the second i had that knew thought. So if anyone with both inattentive and hyperactive or just hyperactive adhd needs some med advice id recommend talking to your doctor about trying stimulents + guanfacine(or an equivalent) because i didn't realise how much hyperactivity (impulsivity) was affecting me because i wasn't physically jumping off the walls, but my brain was.
tap ADHD with a touch of OCD, SKIZ, and BPD 😭😭Yeah me and legal meth don't get along well😟
I mean i don't even know what it's like to not have ADHD like I've never tried meds before (and i don't think my family would take me seriously enough even though i have been officially diagnosed) but idk it just doesn't feel too serious but that's probably because I'm still in school and work life isn't as important yet idk
I wanna get treated for certain things I know I struggle with (anxiety, depression, ADHD), but I’m too scared to go on medicine that just won’t work or make things worse. When I was first put on the birth control pill my periods were out of wack and I had horrible mood swings. I stopped taking them and refused to be on any birth control. Same with antidepressants. They made my mood swings awful and I stopped taking them. I don’t wanna end up having to keep picking up different medicines that’ll just make things worse cuz I have to “wait” for it to work (after like months of constant use) when I can just manage what I struggle with now without medicine.
I didn't even know whether I have ADHD or not but as soon as you show me 8 trumpet bit, I instantly understood and admitted I have one too yikes
Yeah I was forced to take them when I was a kid. Not a fan. They really understate the toll it takes on your health. :/
Yay its here!
The crazy thing is that the meds can have different effects if the manufacturers are different. I took one medication for years and it worked perfectly until my pharmacy changed manufacturers.
The brain conversation is way toooooooo accurate   As a person with ADHD, sometimes my subconscious basically plays out that entire conversation. If I'm coding I'll see some random thing like Quadtrees and wonder about how pyrolysis works  Thank you so much for making this video, loved every second of it
6:41 you forgot the part where they smack you with the hospital bill, this is America after all. Also, as someone who also suffers from ADHD, I take Vivance, and I noticed a very similar situation where if I am not doing something productive when it kicks in, I am unlikely to get anything done that day, heck, this even happened to me today. I have been taking it since I was 5ish, and take it with Guanfacine to help combat my hyperactivity.   Over the course of the last few years for some reason, I have developed 2 notable issues that have gotten gradually worse. I now have a tick where i throw my head back and yawn for a long time, and i am getting hand tremors, although it sometimes decides to be arm, leg, neck, head, body, literally anything i get a tremor for now, albeit mostly just my hands. It's strange, and my doctor is aware of both of these issues (she said the tic in particular is strange seeing as Guanfacine is suppose to combat tics as well)  Take that as you will, I wish you the best in your ADHD journey my ADHD Brethren
I have adhd, I’ve tried a few meds. I have tried a few, and I am on one that works Great! Different meds affect people differently, it’s worth trying various options
i used to take vyvance, it was nice for a long while but eventually it started giving me panic attacks so i just decided to go without needing my medicine and micromanage my stimulation sources to find my middle
ICS ads are literally hard to skip. I haven't been able to skip it the last three times. They're just good ads.
As a person who has adhd that is medicated this is pretty accurate
You could try Guanfacine. It's a blood pressure medication that was found to heighten focus in those with ADD / ADHD. My son takes it. It's a once a day pill that builds up in the body and the effects are constsnt. It changed his life for the better.
My exact same problem
I don’t have ADHD but oh man after hearing everyone talk about the effects of the drugs it makes it sound like if I took em it would have a limitless effect on me lol.
I honestly paused the video because I had to think how FIVE Andy’s inside one Andy’s head could play EIGHT trumpets at once
I think I’ll just never talk to anyone, never get diagnosed, and become a unproductive slime ball with the back up plan of dropping everything I know and wondering.
worm worm, now that i'm on adderall, i can finish all my grading usually same day (i'm a teacher). without it i'm a MESS and i can't teach or manage my lesson plans, god bless meth bahaha
I was medicated until I was 26 but then it gave me the Big Sad which almost turned into the Big Bad so I'm off of them
I also took Basically Meth as adhd meds once, and it made me super depressed so now I don't take it anymore
Adhd is the thing that caused me to no longer be able to take medication :C
Ice cream sandwich is the only guy that can make me watch sponsors
i don’t like how much i relate to this, but im not diagnosed so ehehahaha im gonna grow into a normal well functioning adult >:D
I love this guy <3
OHMYGOD I THINK YOU JUST SOLVED A PERSONAL MEDICAL MYSTERY. A while back my doctor prescribed Vyvanse.  And I got to the point I went to a sleep specialist. Bc I was so fatigued all the time. It felt like i had just gone swimming for hours and everything was heavy. I was barely able to get out of bed. And no one had any answers. And I didn't associate it with meds. Bc no one told me that was a thing! I was also trying new depression meds! And now I'm 80% sure I got all sleepy bc of Vyvanse. And I just never knew. I also just stopped taking them. Well, I called the nurse on duty at my doctor office and told them. But I just kind of made the decision. Holy crap!
I know for some people meds can just make the problem worse in a different way, but really they just needed to try to adjust their habits for the ADHD to be beneficial. And your giving me the impression you might be one of those. Essentially if you can't get anything done even if you've changed habbits in multiple ways, yeah, then you need meds. That or you're like what my mother was and are jumping off the roof for no reason at all.     I'm usually against medication for myself because 1, I'm super sensitive to medicine to the point I'm sure I can die of overdose from just three aspirin, 2, I'm ADD, and know what you're thinking which leads me to 3, I have very little trust in medical "Professionals" and them getting it right.  I Don't know why the quality of the average physician regardless of what they specialize in has almost gotten to "No doctor is your best chance of survival" levels. And I think classifying ADD as just ADHD proves my point, they are VERY different even if they're the same concept. So no, I can't risk getting a medication when the person has about as much of an idea as I do of what I should take.  (Also no, FYI I'm NOT completely against doctors, it just my trust over the years has soured and I'm still trying to find one that is competent. Current luck: found, but is too full. Trying to convince otherwise. If you got a good doctor, good, hold on to them for deer life!)
This hits home hard.  I was diagnosed with ADHD way back in grade 3, was on Ritalin until my mid 20's.  I was down to 10mg a day in the morning and could no longer deal with the side effects (horrible jaw clenching and crazy anxiety), so I decided to stop taking it.  For a while, things were fine, I had coping mechanisms, and I was able to build a routine and adapt.  A few years ago, everything started to fall apart, I've been trying to manage, and find new methods, but nothing worked.  I decided to go back on meds, talked to the doctor and requested the absolute lowest dose of something slow or extended release, I was apprehensive about going on Concerta, as it's the same drug as ritalin, and I didn't want to go through those side effects again.  However, when discussing with my doctor, I felt it was the safer option as I already knew I respond well to it, and know what side effects I can expect and watch out for.  I took my first dose today.  I sat down this morning and started work, I managed to complete a task from start to finish without getting up and wandering, picking up my phone, or any of the other things that I would usually do that would interrupt me.  This kept up through the whole day.  I felt amazing, I felt accomplished, and I felt like I managed to do something useful for the first time in YEARS.  Keep at it, hopefully you'll find a successful treatment in some way.
This man saved me from my anxiety, and now he's saving me from my ADHD
REMEMBER: Meds are a treatment, not a cure. It always takes effort on your part too. It's quite a distressing realization to be honest that there really is no permanent way to fix it, but we all deal :/
Showed my mom this video and she said she could predict what you we’re going to say next because I went through the same stuff as a kid
Was on meds for depression and one day was just at the store and my leg stopped working.  It was like I had no leg.  I had to just limp outside and wait for a taxi. I had other symptoms like I lost control of my eyes, they'd always roll into the back of my head.  I stopped taking those meds immediately.
With ADHD and autism it's do nothing or do one thing for the rest of my life
I’m sorry he’s going through this. I know the struggles of medications like is it working and then side effects. I’m on seven depression meds. It will get better ❤️‍🩹
Oh my god, your experience with Vyvanse was so similar to mine.  It gave me the ability to do many things, like Sudoku puzzles for five hours a day, or work three chapters ahead in my math class... but I also ended up doing Sudoku for five hours a day.
I don’t have ADHD, but I’ve been diagnosed with high functioning autism and anxiety so it’s nice to hear someone talk about another well known mental disorder, plus I often experience the whole not being able to focus and thinking of like 4 different things at the same time.
Good ADHD meds feel like living life with a cheat code until you realize that it's just how everyone else already lives and you've just been on hard mode
Don't let the fact that you basically said that Adderall is just like meth. I hear that argument a lot but so is Vyvanse. Main difference is the fact that vibrance has to get chopped up by your liver in order to become the same compound that is Adderall. One reason why vyvans was created is to prevent people from abusing the drug. Some people experience different effects when an amphetamine gets introduced into their system. That's the slow burn you mentioned.
We are so lucky youtube's bot can't understand uranium, that song at the beginning is VERY explicit about  the many ways a man is interacting with a prostitute.
Where is the source video for the cow I need the cow
Where can I find that cow thing?... idk why but I wanna watch it.  Lol
I take medication for my ADHD and I don’t think I could function like normal human without them
I was just watching/listening to polish cow when I saw your video.
I want to see more of the Polish cow video….
You did a great job of describing having ADHD on meds. I appreciate you man.  Edit: 280 LIKES HOLY IM FAMOUS MOM
Meds takes a long time to have steady/stable results  Some can take over 3 months Saddly doctors cannot tell right away what's the best for you so it's trial and error
"And so I did a really bad th-" and before you even finished the sentence I'm like omg he stopped cold turkey. I'm glad you didn't have any side effects from that, and I'm glad you know how stupid it was! I'm having Paxil Withdrawal Syndrome flashbacks lmao
I have ADHD and found that the right /amount/ of adderal was the key, when paired with an anti depressant, and new trained habits. I wish you luck on you journey.
I thought the brain was kirby
I feel this in my soul. I was recently diagnosed with adhd and was trying meds but I’m apparently super sensitive to the medication so even low doses we’re basically just getting me high. In the end we decided it was best to just treat some of my other issues like anxiety disorder witch we’re making the adhd symptoms worse
Is it just me, or is this video really quiet?
the ADHD meds I have right now are kinda doing...nothing? at least nothing that I can discern? so that's neat. (antidepressants also either have negligible effect or stop working after like a year, why my brain do this) sorry you didn't find the right meds for you :/
Don't forget to unsub.. I forgot to sub just watched other adhd vid I think I should talk to a doctor
fellow adhd havers, do yall also struggle to tell stories? or am I just dumb
Wow, this sounds like the story of my  life 😳
Hi (◍•ᴗ•◍) Just wanted to say that your content is the kind that really hits me up! The drawing style, type of content and executions of ideas is really well thought and i really admire your art (人*´∀｀)｡*ﾟ+ Feel like you're the first youtuber who's content is the only one i can binge watch (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*.✧
volume on export must have been at 50%
As an person with ADHD vivance is a blessing from the gods when it comes to work and focus
Maybe if you have ADHD, try hire a life coach or something to prioritize and direct you. It's got to be safer than meds.
I’m not diagnosed with adhd but I really do think I have it, and it’s rough because it’s really severely impacting me rn. But I was having a breakdown about it today and this video was so perfectly timed and helped me feel better about it<3!
I was on ADHD medicine. I've been off for a few years now. I don't really feel that different.
I don’t have ADHD but I have autism and that and ADHD has some similar symptoms so this is pretty relatable for me (I don’t take medication though,it’s pretty mild) but enough of that I just want to say that I love your videos. you make me laugh and actually make sponsorships fun for me to watch,when I’m feeling sad I would watch you. You deserve all these fans and I hope you have a good day/night (sorry if I’ve been rambling lol 😅)
My mother won't let me get medicated with anything even though I'm extremely mentally ill
Nice vid shen comics
You've already this stuff way better than any doctor I've ever met. I had never put together that the thinking tasks and the activity tasks were two different categories, but yup. That's exactly how my medicine works too.  ... maybe my doctors just suck at explaining things
So your telling me I can just... consume pill and I wont scroll through shorts for 5 hours, play the same game for 72 hours and than do task C for 0.982 seconds?! Wow.
As someone who has ADHD but doesn't take meds something that helps me stay on task is making a list that I can see at all times so I could be doing something see the list and do the thing I am supposed to be doing. And when I finish everything on that list I can fold the list into a duck!
currently watching this with 10 missing assignments (half of which are notes on an entire book which our class has finished but I haven't began reading.)
I thought it was just me with the meds where you feel like you have a faster heartbeat and get out of breath easily, basically heart palpitations. My meds however, make me suffer an amount of bowel pain for the first 2 hours and then it wears off and I’m back to the high heartbeat crap.
I’ve had a similar experience in my past decade if trying different medication per my psych. Even did a GeneSight test to see which are supposed to do something to me based on my genes. Getting back on to meds after falling off of them can also be a challenge of maintaining a routine.
It's insensitive to say, but it takes work. Like it's gonna suck. I've never been diagnosed with ADHD... but I'm supposed to be doing hw right now so... make with that what you will. I've never done meds, but (yes it sucked and was an uphill battle) slowly began figuring myself out. My "scatter brain" as I'd like to call it sucks cause me no focus. But, when I'm doing research for homework or having to type out pages of hw, I kinda let the madness do its thing but within limits if that makes sense. Meds could totally help, but should also be limited. Like anything, don't give up. Keep at it and try different things. Sadly no one can help you and you gotta figure this out. Great news is no one helped you figure this out :). Be proud of that.
I actually take Aderoll (no fucking clue how to spell it) and I hate it so much. Mainly because when I go to school I can’t eat lunch :/
I have never been diagnosed but I suspect I have ADHD as well, have you tried the pomodoro technique to help you focus at all?
This was super helpful, thank you
Not to backseat doctor, but I think youd find value in looking for an ADHD-specialized therapist/coach. Ive found ADHD-targeted cognitive behavioral therapy to be extremely useful in teaching me how to better wield the tool that is focus both on *and* off my medication. It taught me the behavioral mechanisms I needed to take advantage of to work with my ADHD and not against. Obviously its not like it (nor meds) are a “cure”, but us ADHD folk often ignore the reality that the Neurotypical world is very much so built in a way our brains hate with a passion. Learning the tools on how to build an environment that works for *our* brain and not the default brain is has genuinely changed my life.
Yay new video!!!
I have a very poor relationship with ADHD medication. My mother would always attribute any accomplishment I made growing up to my meds, not me. And whenever something happened that she didn't like, she'd scream at me: "You need more meds!" and she'd have my doctor up my dosage. At one point, I had to change doctors, and the new one was absolutely STUNNED at the dosage amount I had been prescribed as a child. Since I've grown up, I've had talks with my doctors and I've started getting better at handling my ADHD symptoms without meds at all, and I'm very grateful for that.
I can never complete a task. I have so many half done projects.  I have a lot of  illness and already take so many medications i'm resistant to adding to the mix. 🙂🇨🇦
I'm hopefully starting Vyvanse after trying a whole bunch of crap, including non-stimulants. Concerta might work better for focus. I found it helped me focus without too much tunnel vision, but it did not give me the ability to do a thing like Adderall did. That's where I struggle most.  Also, caffeine intake hugely impacts the medication! Especially with increasing side effects or increasing its intensity. I quit coffee due to this.
somebody needs to increase their audio levels on god!
This made me think i might have ADHD 😳
How I think of ADHD is it's like the internet there are 6 different tabs open 3 of them aren't loading and there is music coming from somewhere
Thank you so much for including polish cow meme!
yeah I dont like medicine.
The fact that ADHD got me to searching something on youtube just to realize you uploaded and now im here instead of doing what im suposed to
ADHD is like having a thousand tabs of ideas in your brain…feels like you have to force yourself to close all the tabs and chose one
Got a link to the cow video?
"how foolush of mi" -Ice Cream Sandwich 2023
I can tell it's working the video came out fast
I'm not sure what brand I have (cuz my parents pay for it), but the pills that I take are 10mg of methylphenidate. They help me focus and do what I should be doing, but they also make me not feel... right, I guess? whenever I'm doing something i shouldn't be doing, like playing a video game or watching a show, when I have schoolwork I should be doing. However, they also make me not hungry and make my introverted side come out more, so lately I've been cutting the pills in half and taking 5mg half-pills instead of a 10mg full-pill, and it works pretty well to keep me on task, and keep my normal personality. Also, they work for about 4 hours
Thanks for the reminder, I've just ubsubscribed!
I was diagnosed with the trifecta at an early age: ADHD, dyslexia, and asperger's. And I've been dealing with that my whole life. Way back when I was a little kid, my parents had me on Ritalin, and they kept me on it right up until the night that I freaked out because my bed was melting. That sounds like I'm making a joke, so let me be clear: I'm not. My bed was melting and there were feet walking around the living room with nobody attached to them. Turns out that Ritalin is in the same general category of drug as LSD. And I was hopped up on enough of it to make reality go sideways. They immediately took me off of it, and that was that. Ever since then I have been dealing with life unmedicated. Or at least mostly. I've developed a dependence on Dr Pepper, of all things. My parents used to give me coca-Cola to calm me down (because with my screwed up internal biochemistry, stimulants and depressants tend to work the opposite way on me) and as I grew up, I leaned into that more and more. I eventually discovered that something about Dr Pepper kept me at least moderately mentally balanced. Maybe it has just the right mixture of caffeine to phosphoric acid? Dunno. Anyway, that's what I use these days: Dr Pepper. It's cheap, it's legal and I can buy it at any supermarket, assuming they have any.
ADHD truly is one of the experiences of all time
I feel like I have ...SOMETHING. Like something isn't right but no idea what and don't want to go on meds. I just chalk it up to some sort of trauma
Yknow as someone who’s had ADHD his whole life I was taking a drug called focalin which is basically diet adderall and it stunted my social ability, to a chronic extent. Like i was on this for most my life and it literally made me think I was an introvert(I’ve learned otherwise since). Now im on vyvanse and it’s much better for me, I feel more social and I can focus just fine!
I also have ADHD, I was put onto the lowest dosage of a weaker medication because of my parents worries of bad side effects and addiction/dependence of the meds, another reason possibly being that while noticeable my ADHD isn't all that bad. I would be on my meds but apparently there's a shortage of them so no nearby pharmacies have them!
first
i’m unsubscribing
Intro cracked me the hell up. 🤣 fkn railroad spike the thing closed.
Talk to them about Concerta if u haven't already when I was in high-school I had the same symptoms you do and Concerta helped me stay focused on the things I needed to do while allowing me to also switch topics in school and focus on another thing which sounds like what u want
polish cow is in my playlist
As someone who struggles with ADHD as well, and has adverse effects to the medication, I find biofeedback to be the most effective way to structure my brain Into that Focus mind that you were talking about talk to your psychologist and see what they think
Wait.... Those are ADHD symptoms...oh shi-
I do not have ADHD (at least not confirmed by a doctor, my husband thinks I may have it in a mild form) but I do have anxiety which I've been taking medication for since 2019. I've been through three different kinds! All with their pros and cons! I hope that, should you decide to try different medication in the future, you do eventually find something that works for you!
Vyvance is interesting. it worked well for me for 6ish years and then we found out it was causing heart rate problems and not only that, extra anxiety from my heart rate being so high (im talking 100 resting) and that anxiety causing depression. Safe to say that i have now been on welbutrin for 3 years now which manages my ADHD and anxiety and im on a separate antidepressant.  please make sure if ur on a lot of meds to manage your medication and be checking up on your health. i still have a high heart rate but now its normal more someone who has to take multiple medications. stay safe everyone!! Mental health is important <3
Okay so it's not just me. ADHD fucking sucks. I feel all tingly. I can do physical stuff better, like at work. But when it came time to focus on my art or school projects... I was shit outta luck.
noice
Me eating ice cream while watching this 🥰
Damn, this is really good info.I've always been scared of Adderall and I didn't know why, but you summed it up really well. I've been thinking about Vyvanse, but now having at least an idea of what that experience *could* be like, it makes me thankful AND cautious.
I almost missed the uwu @ 6:11 intentional or not nice one
Huh, so Vyvanse is a meds that's made to manually activate hyperfixation? cool
The king has returned!
I had a somewhat different experience. My first medication was Vyvance, and it was perfect for productivity, but also evened everything out, almost like anti-depressants. I was quiet in social situations, since none of my thoughts felt conversation worthy, I was bored by everything, with no excitement or enjoyment at all, and I was overall a black and white person. Every morning I had to choose between having a productive day, or a good day. I couldn't waste my teen years being a husk. SO I took Concerta for a while. It was mostly the same, but to a lesser degree, so I was a bit more willing to work with it. Unfortunately, it also gave me incredible social anxiety and by extension self-doubt and even body image issues. I think this was because already dealt with these things and so Concerta picked them up and put them at the forefront of my mind. Not fun. Now I take something else that I don't remember the name of, and it's working alright for now. Good luck to the rest of you ADHD folks!
The meds basically turned me into a dull zombie when i was a child
Excellent video, thank you for sharing your experience.  I will continue thinking about dancing cow on laptop for the rest of the day 🐄.
It’s also super addictive but yah the breath g ya hard
I had to take meds for ADHD when I was super little, it made me not want to eat at all and I was always really tired and extremely bored, so bored I just wanted to do whatever I had to do and sleep and like not eat either. I got super skinny, more than I should've been so I stopped taking them, in all honesty, I just kind of had to learn with living with it and try my best to focus, now if you excuse me I have some homework to do.
As someone with adhd who almost died from med side effects (I fainted in a pond don’t ask how) CALL A DOCTOR IF ANYTHING FEELS OFF IT COULD SAVE YOUR LIFE
Adhd
just fyi, YouTube normalized the audio of your vid weird so it's really quiet. -18 db specifically. The video is great tho!
I so badly wanna get tested for ADHD, focus is so bad for me and i show a lot of symptoms of ADHD, but my parents unfortunately don't have lots of money and they also don't think i do so there's that. like literally typing this i keep getting distracted. My attention span is so bad I literally am getting an F in one of my classes. whenever i sit down with my assignment in front of me i cant focus on what needs to be done and i end up spacing out or watching something on yt when i should be doing work. its frustrating and i wish it wasn't
My mind is very all over the place but my body is pretty responsible about doing the thing I need it to do without me asking…am I an alien or somethin
I haven't been officially diagnosed but my mum suspects I have ADHD (while also already having been diagnosed with autism) and I was given Concerta one time by my doctor and...I barely got a week into that bottle before having to ween off it because the pills tasted so bad and made me feel sick. Fun stuff!  Also, I have no clue if they helped.
I have ADHD and I actually am currently taking Vyvanse. So, I think when I have my meds I have increased focus but totally shot memory. And vice versa. So, I have a planner in which I write down all of the things I did that day, and all of the things I need to do. And I think it helps a lot. I also stopped blaming my stupidity on my ADHD and started putting some real effort into changing myself. I'm not perfect (which some people are adamant on reminding me of every day) but I'm at least making some progress even if slowly.
wtf?? i JUST got meds for my adhd...
From experience, I've found that my mindset at the time my meds kick in generally determine how productive I am with the work I have to do. It's also been helpful for me to have some strategies to help make myself aware of my focus (or lack thereof) and what I can do to center my attention on what needs to be done. Meds are generally helpful, but mindset and other non-med strategies can also go a long way
I HAVE ADHD TOO AND I TAKE MEDS FOR IT TOO, ITS CALLED METHYLPHENIDATE
God this video is explaining so much. gonna go listen to polish cow now.
Dude I just wanna focus on college ;0; I have an assignment 3 weeks due
It gives killer headache after like 4 months but added all and Tylenol do the trick
Wow you really took a gamble stopping taking your meds so abruptly dam!!
It’s been 470182 years…. A new video.
NROD VPN
1:34 Ayyyy! That's me! 🤣😂😥
ADHD meds are funny like that. Each one reacts wildly differently for each person. You have to go through this gauntlet of meds to see which one slightly works for you that doesn't also have horrible side-effects. Ritalin gave me severe daily panic attacks that made me feel like I was perpetually gonna die! I...also waited forever to tell my psychiatrist about it too...  Also, as someone who's been off my adderall for over a month due to the shortage...HELP I CAN'T GET ANYTHING DONE!!!
Just don’t do vyvance on its own
why is the video so quiet tho
legalized methamphetamine :)
Why did you start with that cow video?? Now it’s all I want to see lol 🙈🙈
Take the stuff that’s basically meth it works my guy
+Bird house knowledge  That's why people tell me I'm always so knowledgeable... I know the wrong stuff
Is it concerning I already go back 10 seconds after the dancing polish cow to watch it again?
.............I might have ADHD...
ADHD meds feel like the Nintendo 3DS startup sound
Dude... I can't even get diagnosed bc it's $3000 at the CHEAPEST and shockingly (not) my health insurance doesn't cover it. I'm 26. I hate it here. Edit: for other disorders I was taking Lexapro for three years or so. I ended up tapering off them because I was so apathetic it was making things bad instead of okay. I also wanted to be able to cry again. And it was honestly a great decision for me. They did help those three years, but things change. And I'm probably going to try another medication again in the future.
1:04 I feel so called out 🤣
Ever since i got diagnosed as an adult and I started taking meds, i started to be super aware of symptoms in other people, and I never bring this up because there is about 95% chance it will be perceived as an insult, and i just watch youtube videos and I'm like, yup, you have adhd. And then a month or so later they post a video: hey guys i just found out i have adhd. Its kinda funny, but i also realized, people with adhd tend to have certain way of thinking that brings them together.
Ice creamed
what was i doing
I’ve tried concerta, ritalin, and adderall. I’ve settled on adderall and it’s great but omfg it’s a balancing act. Concerta stopped working randomly, ritalin had some awful side affects like not sleeping or eating which I kinda need to do. Finally I tried adderall xr (extended release) and it’s like magic. Different chemicals, different quantities, it’s all so much to manage, and it all depends on the day. The fact that something that is so helpful and necessary for function has such poopy side effects will always be the catch 22 of my life. Good thing 22 is my lucky number.
I found that my best combo was EMDR therapy and medications! It was good for undoing all that “I’m a lazy piece of garbage who’s not trying hard enough” stuff
Great to hear this being talked about. It took me years to find the right medication and dosage, but I can't imagine where I would be without gaining the ability to ☆Focus☆
The best way to describe myself on Vyvanse:  👁👁
I can relate,  I have ADHD myself. I'm taking viloxazine (Qelbree) and have been for a year. It worked great at first. But insurance couldn't cover it, so I went on two other medications ( Strattera and one I don't remember the name of) before they approved me of taking Qelbree. After that, it hasn't been working as great. Now, all it barely works at all, and I have anxiety symptoms because of it (quelbree can cause that). So, I'm now tapering off of it to see if it helps with the anxiety and learning coping mechanisms for ADHD since mine isn't severe.
finally, the legend himself has returned
Adderall might actually work for me.
I’m taking mathematics.
I used to take medicine for ADHD when I was in like 9th grade, because I couldn't focus and my grades were suffering. I started taking one in the morning, and when I got to my first class we actually had a test. I was able to hard focus on the test like I had never been able to before, but I was also twitching and moving my leg up and down like a lot. I noticed it and tried to calm down. I did, but then I couldn't go back to my test. Eventually we tried other meds, they all kind of did the same thing, and the doctor was like "hm...yeah meds don't work...oh well!" And I've never taken any since. I'm now on track to go to the air force to become a Fighter Aircraft mechanic, and since I took the meds it actually almost cost me my chance to get in. But it's all good! Wish me luck and thank you for taking the time to read my comment!
As someone who has diagnosed adhd and had the first medication I took not work very well for very long, this is super relatable. I thought it was gonna be like a button that just suddenly got my brain together and immediately turned me into someone consistently functional and productive, and then that didn’t happen and I thought I just sucked at being a person. Nope, just hadn’t been the right thing for me!   The medication I’m on right now, Wellbutrin(aka Bupropion) has been working really well, and I’ll be coming up on a year of use pretty soon. It isn’t exactly an ADHD medication, actually being an antidepressant, but it has been found to help with focus and concentrating for folks with ADHD. This makes sense because the root cause for ADHD and depression is pretty similar and boils down to Brain Have Not Enough Dopamine; it acts as a reuptake inhibitor for norepinephrine and dopamine, meaning it isn’t a stimulant like Aderall and just lets the Good Chemicals™️ hang out in your brain a bit longer. So basically instead of just giving you more dopamine it uses what your brain already makes, making it non-addictive but still effective for many people.   Obviously I’m by no means a medical professional, so take this with a grain of salt. I just figure maybe someone will benefit from hearing about it since it’s not something considered an ADHD medication and doesn’t really come up when looking for ADHD-specific treatments as a result. This was something my therapist brought up with me when I mentioned how what I had been taking originally wasn’t working well, and it’s worked wonders for me, so perhaps it could be worth looking into for you and other folks in the same situation?
1:11 My mind just joined this brain fight wtf
Me rarely taking my meds
Have you tried like focusing?
You do not want medication, you want mental discipline. *Dramatic pause for angry commenters who stopped reading already*  Two things to clarify before I go on. 1. Medicine absolutely has it's place. 2. Discipline means multiple things. I am not referring to the practice of punishing someone to correct their behavior, but the skill of self discipline which is something that you have to actually learn.  Ok. Now that's out of the way. It's important to remember that doctors are often like hammers, and medicines/treatments are their nails. Doctors WANT to help you, and their trades (and billion dollar companies...) teach them that a lot of problems, especially problems in the squishy tissue between our ears, can be solved with medicine. And I don't really blame them for thinking or practicing this.  However this video describes the sort of results you should expect with medicines. They can HELP you focus, they can't MAKE you focus. And even that only sometimes. Drugs are the equivalent of putting seasoning into a stew. You generally know what the seasoning will do, but every single stew is different and seasonings will effect each one a different amount and in slightly different ways. Maybe garlic will make your stew better, maybe it will make it worse, maybe it needs thyme instead? Even doctors don't know what seasoning your brain stew needs precisely.  What you really want is the ability to make yourself focus on the task that you want to focus on, and for this purpose you want mental discipline. What is mental discipline? Basically, it's the skill of getting your mind and brain to do what you want them to do the way you want them to do it. Just like martial arts is a discipline for your body, you need brain kungfu so that you can move your brain in precise ways the same way you move your body in martial arts.  Ok great but how does one achieve brain-kungfu... Well it's simple, but hard. Like a physical discipline, it takes time and LOTS of practice. Here is a really simple way to start: Imagine up your own vision of the term "Nothingness". This could be an empty void or space without stars, or whatever your brain imagines when you think of "Nothing" or "Nothingness". Then spend 5-10 minutes trying to keep that image in your head. Any time that a stray thought, or you inner monologue intrudes, tell it to shut up and focus again on the "nothingness". Set a timer and close your eyes, if you have to keep looking at a clock it will make it harder. Then practice this EVERY DAY, extending to 15 or 20 minutes when you can easily manage 10. Congratulations, you have learned how to meditate.  It will be hard at first, maybe near impossible. But the point is not to succeed, but to practice. Over time, like months and years, you will train yourself how to block stray thoughts and interruptions while forcing your brain to focus on the thing you want it to focus on. It's not a magic cure, it's not easy and it still takes effort to keep focused, but just like being able to throw a kick and balance on one leg, it will go from a daunting impossibility to something you can do with little effort.  I hope you enjoyed my text wall, and I wish anyone who read it the best on their journey to brain kungfu.
When I was a kid I was put on concerta. It largely just made me mellow. Don't remember too much else about it specifically, because my memory isn't great to begin with and I stopped it sometime during middle school. Which was over a decade ago.   Though honestly maybe my ADHD, is why I get along with dogs so well. So that's an upside, of a sort.
adderall worked for me when i was younger, and then literally 2 grades later it made me sleepy as fuck. then i tried another one and it just made me feel meh (even more meh than usual) towards literally everything. nothing was exciting. so now i have "emergency pills" that i take whenever i start doing a sad spiral. they work in, like, 5 minutes so thats really useful
True chads use alcohol 🥶🥶🥶
I think that I might have ADHD, I have a lot of the symptoms.
Yeah meds work differently for everyone. My adderall works WONDERS for me personally, but other people will need other things.   Also btw if you don't have a condition like this and you want to berate someone for "relying on their medication"... my doctor literally told me that the ideal balance (at least for me) was for the medication to do 70% of the work and me to do the other 30%. Some people literally need to rely on the medicine. It's like telling someone with a limp not to rely on their crutch.
As someone who is 90% sure I have ADHD but was told by my doctor I had to fix my sleep schedule first because it was very likely that was the root of my problems despite the fact i had all other common symptoms and my sleep was due to my actual diagnosed anxiety & depression…  i can relate to this video (,:
ADHD is crazy, with or without meds. Its an experience
Oof,, I'm pretty sure I have undiagnosed ADHD or possibly autism,, buuut also extreme anxiety that prevents me from telling my parents about my suspicions and get a diagnosis! Yaaay...  I dont even care about meds and treatment, I just really want to know if I actually have ADHD or autism or if I'm just stupid and lazy
0:41 butter, milk, cheese... BOMB *DIFUSAL* CLASSES
Hey bestie (friendly term that means I kno we're not besties but I would like to help out anyone who sees this comment) I'm on strattera and it works great! Works exactly how I want it to! And I felt the same way as Ice Cream Sandwich did on Adderall, and over time I also needed to take more for it to be effective, and sometimes that meant having small overdoses (this was my own fault bc I would forget to take it and then not be used to big doses, take a big dose, and be horrified all day as my heart beat crazy fast and I was worried I needed to go to the ER til it wore off-- don't be like me!) but strattera isn't a stimulant, and iirc it's the only ADHD meds on the market that aren't stimulants, that might not be true but it's what I recall. PROS: does exactly what I want it to! Thumbs up! CONS: It doesn't work for everyone, apparently it has about a 50% effectiveness rate, where it just Doesn't work for some people. ADDITIONAL CONS: It CAN make your liver bad. You need NEED to get blood tests as you take it to make sure it doesn't mess with your liver. If your blood tests turn up fine, great! If your blood tests come back with your kidney worse off, you need to stop, you can't take it. Your liver will recover if you stop taking it but you cannot take Strattera. Anyway! That's my experience! Good luck with your medication journey! It's ANNOYING! <3  EDIT: Also! My psych didn't really push me for blood tests even though I should have done them. Make sure you do them. You seriously don't want to ruin your liver & TL:DR-- Adderall had the EXACT same effect on me. I'm on Strattera, works great. Only works for about 50% of folks, and you need blood tests to make sure it isn't hurting your liver, but if it works for you and the blood tests turn out fine then it works great imo!
discovering that i can watch your video alone without playing a video game at the same time like how i watch other, non adhd, youtuber... me think it funny
This might just be me personally, but after some trials me and my psych doctor agreed that meds wouldn’t be that helpful for me and I’m doing cognitive behavioural therapy instead. It’s really helped! Also as someone with autism as well, that “I focus too much on unessesary things” is my whole life 😭
I've been battling and trying to figure out my ADHD too. My main problem is that it took FOREVER to get diagnosed because of an influx of people aiming to get diagnosed, which I understand. I haven't taken medication yet because of the same reasons you explained. If anyone knows alternatives, it would be great to know.
no butt no buy>:(
This is the one channel where I actually want to watch the ads
I'm thinking you might be the type who needs CBT in conjunction with trying out different sorts of meds, in order to get a proper regime that works for you. I tried at least 4 different meds before settling on ritalin.  Also, pro tip for Americans with ADHD who are trying out medications: Try the meds that _aren't_ illegal in other western countries first, LMAO! Additionally, _never_ drink coffee while testing out new meds... _I learned that the hard way._
i take atomoxetine/Strattera which works by letting my body use the Norepinephrine it makes naturally over longer periods of time norepinephrine helps you take tasks from impulse to action its part of the chemical soup of fight or flight also it might do some dopamine things? or something? it might also just be your brain works better when you remember to get up and pee when you need to aldhrsljd  i have the vague desire to combine it with a psychostimulant but im lazy and also on so many meds  stimulants only do so much and i know very few people who can be on stims Forever and It Just Works adhd is chemical first behavioral second but when you try to manage the chemicals after years of not managing it well and not figuring out good coping behaviors then you gotta work on your behaviors to compliment the meds and achieve your goals  you did a good video and i appreciate that you didnt do the thing where someone just stigmatizes pharmaceutical treatment as a whole you talked about very specific problems with Your Meds that You Took
The video's pretty quiet....and both the volume sliders are at max.
zoning out and missing half the video, thanks ADHD, very funny 🤣
You could try drinking some Bang energy drink (not a full can at once because it has a ton of caffine) I find this helps me to focus for a couple hour intervals. Bang works better for me than other energy drinks. could have something to do with the super creatine.
Ah yes this video was the end of my break of some what 20 other videos, I have an exam in 2 hours. Thank you for the reminder
Don't give up! It was the 3rd med i tried that ended up working, but sometimes it takes even longer for some people. There's plenty of meds to choose from, you just have to find what works best for you. When you find it, it's worth it!
I started taking ritalin, first of this month. so far, iv'e noticed im more focused, but still feel like i need a heavier dose. if it starts causing probs with my liver, ill have to stop. btw, i'm 30 years old, so i have been dealing with this for the better part of 24 years when i found out i had ADHD. lol It can be a struggle, and im always getting mad at myself for mistakes i make.
I'm supposed to be doing the dishes rn.  Wait no I'm supposed to be making dinner.
As someone with ADHD as well I just wanted to put my experience down as well. Meds honestly never worked for me, they just made my ADHD brain worse. I ended up doing about 5 years of physical therapy instead. When you do it young like I did (my mom having a psychology degree meant she identified me being on the spectrum pretty young, luckily), it can have a life-lasting improvement... Obviously not a cure though, nothing can cure Autism (don't let the anti-vax crazies tell you otherwise lol). Aside from that, I also got a sensory brush and use it when stressed, and I crew something oral like gum and use fidget toys to help focus... It might sound a bit silly but these physical things really do work, and without the side effects of drugs (said side effects were pretty bad for me and the drugs didn't even help that much).  And last but not least, set up as much of your technology as possible to piss you the hell off, on purpose of course! By that I mean create metric buttloads of calendar alerts, alarms, multiple devices with different alarm sounds because you WILL press snooze or cancel and be like "I'll get to it in 5 minutes" and then get distracted, so it needs to genuinely be a pain in the ass to make any alerts stop, and last but not least set up a bedtime mode/internet cutoff time/similar to make sure you don't stay up browsing the internet until 5 freaking AM.  In other news, I am currently watching this vid because I am distracted from doing a task I am supposed to be doing right now. I think. I forgot what it was. Wait... Okay now I just remembered.
As someone who has been medicated since time immemorial, this feels a lot like when I take my medication after summer break when I stopped taking my pills. That first day after a whole season of nonsense is just like "Whoa, ok." No I will not talk about how my body fights back those first few days since my dosage is decidedly more than 5 mgs.  Also, maybe I should look into the other meds cause I take Adderall, and I am a college student who needs to do a lot of thinking, and Adderall does me what it did to you: Makes me physically active, but mentally spaced out
i hate my autism and adhd. if i could press a button and get rid of both of them i would. all this stiff about “the weird kid” and etc. just sucks
Hope you read this. I had a similar experience. When I got on my meds, I had many positive effects, but I also tended to do that thing you were saying and get really stuck on things. I also was in denial that all my newfound side effects were from the meds, and I just kept taking them until, like you, they got really really bad, and then I stopped. I feel much more stable off the meds. I'm now on Intuniv, which is also an ADHD med, but it's not a stimulant. This is way better for me for my mental state, and it works better than the Adderall honestly.
Literally your videos are the only ones I watch with out having to speed up the video 😂😂
I have adhd  too dude
as someone who has been taking  adderall for abt a year and a half now, i've never been able to process how i can do tasks but not entirely focus on them. gonna talk to my doc abt what medications would help with that now, thanks for sharing your experiences. :)
I have ADHD and used to take Concerta. I think I'm on something else now, but yeah. Everything you described is 1:1.
My doctor put me on bupropion first, an antidepressant, because he thought it was depression, but that just caused emotional breakdowns and didn't really work. Then he put me on adderall, 5mg did nothing, 10mg did nothing, then 20mg caused the ADHD to get ten times worse so I immediately slept it off and stopped taking it lmao.  Also side note about "basically meth", adderall is not like meth. methamphetamine is like way more reactive and even neurotoxic, taking too much meth can permanently damage your brain. But taking dextroamphetamine (or vyvanse which is the same thing) at prescribed doses won't ever be neurotoxic. Maybe it could be slightly addictive but it doesn't create a physical dependence or permanently damage your brain like meth does.  Anyway my doctor then put me on dexedrine, 30mg a day, and HOLY HECK did that totally work. Dexedrine is basically what vyvanse does and it's missing the levoamphetamine in adderall, and only has the dextroamphetamine instead. (vyvanse is lisdexamfetamine which gets turned into dextroamphetamine by the body)  For the first five days I was totally high and would do everything, hyperfocus on anything, moving the body felt like it took zero effort and I felt really good the whole time. For the rest of the week and next week it pretty quickly stabilized and I was getting distractibility under control. Had a few days gap where I didn't take anything because my prescription ran out, slept 15 hours straight and then 8 hours again. But today was my first day back on it and I don't have that uncontrollable hyperfocus anymore. Time doesn't fly by so fast that I don't get to enjoy the day. And yet I can still decide to just get up and do anything, and my ADHD is totally gone.    On dexedrine I was actually able to get rid of some OCD too!! and start drinking water every day instead of sprite. And also take a few showers. All stuff that I wasn't able to do unmedicated. And the OCD was still gone even when I had to stop taking meds for a few days. Like, I'm actually changing myself for the better with this medicine. It's great.  So it does work really well for some people~
All y'all should try Qelbree it's new but exp if your insurance doesn't cover it
But I don't wanna unsubscribe
I absolutely love your little guys talking in the brain. Its exactly how my brain works. I have been diagnosed and have been taking Ritalin Prior to ritalin I was good at getting stuff done. Buttt I was bad at controlling impulses and holding focus (especially on reading) I was on 10 MG Ritalin and I felt myself focusing 20 MG hit me HARD. I still take it now bc I have found temporary solutions untill I can get another appointment. Ritalin has made me shakey and even triggers my (non clinical) anxiety. EXTREME nausea which I've had prior to the pills, it just sped the nausea faster. Almost all my friends are neuro-divergant and a huge chunk of them have taken meds and stopped due to adhd forgetfulness or just bad side affects. There's a ton of meds that are supposed to do different things and reactions vary from person to person.   Don't know where I was going with this lol. But, test some meds. If it sucks... oof Oh also, seriously don't stop taking the meds and then jumping back into it without slowing going into it. I ran out for a few weeks and when I got a refill it was for 20mg. And holy crap i felt sick, anxious, shakey and almost depressed.   I'm not a doctor. But I am a living experience of le medicatioń. Hopefully someone understands this unnecessary and long rant 👍
I was recently told I have ADHD after being told I didn't have it all my life. Everything was impossibly hard for me to do growing up and now having people actually take me seriously, it's amazing. Medicine has saved me from those days of chaos. This video summed it up perfectly
I have ADHD, and throughout my entire childhood, I was prescribed a variety of different meds to treat it. I have now found a prescription that best addresses my needs, albeit I can't recall its name because I stopped using it due to side effects that made me stop taking it. which the side effects of it was making me not that hungry ever and making me need to go the bathroom more often. I stopped taking it because the making me need to go to the bathroom thing screwed over my sleep. but blabbing aside take what medicine works best for you but you have to experiment unfortunately to find that out. Good luck on finding what works best for you and I hope the side effects don't screw you over as bad as they have for me.
Do i need meds? 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
"I am off my meds"
Vyvanse >>>
Having gone through several medications over the last 12 years, I can confirm this is what it's like. A lot of people think that they just need to take "an antidepressant" or "an anxiety med" or "an ADHD med" and when that generally doesn't work on the first try, they give up. You have to follow through with your prescriber! And always keep that person up to date. I had to go off an anxiety medication because of my ADHD, because it was supposed to reduce my nervous system activity; since ADHD can effectively reverse stimulants and depressants, it was RAMPING UP my nervous system instead of calming me down, and making me MORE LIKELY to have anxiety. Prescriptions are a very inexact science and you have to do a lot of trial and error.
Please do not stop taking your meds, I ended up in the illest I've ever been after I stop taking concerta - my biggest regret holy moly still recovering. Doctors are really good about it so ask them, I promise it'll be okay :3
My tolerance to my meds kept going on and on until I was on the highest dosage they could give me and then it started giving me chest pains so that was great
yeah i took Vyvanse for a while and it did work!! buuuuut it decreased my appetite a lot and i lost a dangerous amount of weight, so i stopped that one. im on a different one now and i make sure to keep my food intake the same. don't feed your body fewer calories than it needs to function. i hope you find something that works out for you!! anything of course, not just meds
I have have ADHD and take Vyvanse (max dose), for me they are a god send. Only side affect I noticed was after taking them I'd feel a slight sense of euphoria and am able to focus on my tasks, but once the medication wears off I feel slightly depressed. I find the medication alone isn't enough to keep me focused and productive I still need to maintain a time schedule.
I found vyvanse worked wonders for me. I’d probably lose my job without it
Ritalin gang :)
As someone who doesn't have ADHD, where's the line between properly medicating, and just needing some self discipline? Like is telling yourself to switch gears something you're not able to do while medicated with ADHD?
i take vyvanse for my ADHD and it works pretty okay for me(only adhd meds I've taken however so). Thing I'm most happy with is not being a nutcase in terms of not being able to regulate my emotions while unmedicated . But the cost of vyvanse is CRaZYYYY expensive cause there's no generic which will suck when I move and am no longer covered by my insurance :3
I'm sorry but if the medication is making you so incredibly sick that you cannot function then please do stop taking it.
The heat death guy really struck home for me lol
Sometimes it isn’t just one medication one time of day. Sometimes it is different medications at different times of day that can be the key.
I always wondered if I should take medication, its always hard to start things or focus and retain information when learning something.
as someone with adhd and autism
That's rough buddy.
I almost died due to liver failure and had almost every side effect of the medication. I still couldn't concentrate but at least i was quiet and didn't annoy my teachers
Honestly this is the absolute truth. For my ADHD, I take methylphenidate and it does pretty well for me. Of course I feel tired, but it’s effective and I can get things done!
What the meds work on you guys? I honestly can’t tell the difference when am on or off them anymore lol
When I took Adderall, it made me loose weight but I felt numb stomached
2h ago? wow im a little late.
You had too high of a dose with no breaks between use. I take my meds everyday I’m DOING something, but when I’m not doing things that day, I don’t take my Vyvanse, and so the bad symptoms never happen, and I also don’t get too used to the dosage, so it’s still super affective.
Ive got adhd and ive tried like 3 different meds now and they all had their own problems. Concerta seemed to work fine, but my parents insisted that it wasnt working well enough even though i was already on the highest dose they could give me, so i got switched to vyvanse. Vyvanse gave me the same symptoms you had - after a while i started feeling out of breath and having insomnia and i even developed physical ticks while i was on it. So i stopped taking it.   Then, years later, adhd started impacting my memory worse than before, so i was put on welbutrin because it was supposed to help. But welbutrin only works after youve been tsking it for a couple weeks to a month and i couldnt remember to take the pills long enough for them to actually help with my memory. So now im back where i started.
Yeahhhh this is what it’s like to take adhd medication 😂 I take atomexetine (a version of adderal?) and I get a bunch of side effects but general focus which is needed lol
I never knew that abruptly stopping medication can cause side effects, I never even take my medication on weekends.
hey uhh ur addicted to meth
Imagine having to consist on a coffee. Instead of actual medicine.
I feel like VPNs sponsored the last 5 videos 😭😭
I take Adderal and Respiridome, one is for ADHD and the other (I think) is either for not being an insane person (so pretty much for my autism) or to nullify the side effects of the Adderal. I dunno what the Respiridome is for (or how to spell it X^X) but all I know is that I do well with them, since I’ve had the same prescription ever since I was like 6.
I just want to say, your past video about ADHD was really amazing in actually realizing I have ADHD and a few weeks ago I actually got diagnosed. So thank you, also you are probably the funniest person on YouTube to me.
I think that was a good time to talk about my experience with ADHD. In my experience I currently take Vyvanse but I'm also in school and I constantly have a thousand tabs of homework up. that I slowly get rid of because usually I'm doing a simple task like math or something that's short and when I feel the drug kick I finished the math and go for the stuff on the computer. But one of the things that the doctors told me multiple times is that drugs and medication for ADHD orange suggested or good for long term use. Usually I take a break off of the drug over summer.
I’ve genuinely been wanting this video for so long. After seeing your last ADHD video I realized we shared a lot of the same symptoms so I went to get checked. I hadn’t had the slightest clue beforehand.
I went to unsubscribe but I wasn't subscribed so I accidentally subscribed sorry.
I feel this in the pits of my bones. I actually developed depression from my ADHD, which ADHD can apparently be the cause of a lot of other brain problems. I started on Ritalin and that made my face and tongue go numb. Then I tried Adderall,  which worked for me! Until my heart rate started increasing to dangerous levels and I had to be taken off of it. Finally, due to my depression getting to concerning levels, I was put on Wellbutrin. It's a two-in-one that can be used for depression and/or ADHD that can take up to 6 weeks to start working, but by god. The difference is... incredible. After years of struggling, I finally feel like my old self. And I'm still in complete awe that this is how everyday peoples brains function.
I’m on so many meds, in fact I’m on a cocktail of different meds at different times….being on meds is a handicap….in fact my liver is failing because so many meds…..
As a person with ADHD, (i know you probably have gotten this a lot) Focalin works best with me, it great with focusing on physical tasks and mental tasks, the only downside is that it makes you have a sort of "high" or floaty feeling its not bad but sometimes it can be very distracting.
I've heard you can train your brain to focus like you train a muscle, by using meditation. Focus on something, and when your brain tries to wander off, correct it immediately. That's the gist of it. Supposedly it works, but it's hard to actually sit down to do. lol
I’m autistic (I believe, I have bad memory) and I feel like I have way too many symptoms of ADHD.
Every medication I took with my ADHD it didn’t work and made me basically just anxious, so never taking that again🙃
I have ADHD and took Methylphenidate for it for about a year but it felt like it wasn’t doing anything. Oh boy it was doing something but not what I expected nor what I want to happen at all. It caused me to slowly start hearing voices saying the most horrible things you could imagine. 90% of the time it was along the lines of “k*ll yourself”, “no one likes you”, “you are literally the worst human being to ever exist” , etc. I do tend to have bad and weird reactions to the most random medications but that one was especially terrifying because I genuinely thought I was losing my mind and was too scared to tell anyone until I couldn’t take it anymore and broke down to my parents about it. And while that medication didn’t work for me, I hope it can work for other people. And I’m definitely not trying to scare anyone, I just have weird, random reactions to medications sometimes and as far as I know, I’m the only one that has had that reaction to the medication.
As someone with ADHD (inattentive), I take Straterra and it helps with focus if I remove all potential distractions. I still get hella distracted and take forever to do something but hey at least I did it :D
Dunno what HD is,, but I've got 80 of them things !! *Laugh track* 😂😂😂😆😆🤣🤣
Okay. So. A while ago, I got off ADHD meds too. Though in my case I ran it by my doctor who gave me the green light. It helped me a lot. I have quite a few stories regarding this stuff. For example there was one kind of med which I took for a few days and then never again. I don’t remember the name, but the point of me taking this med was probably to tone down my hyperactivity. You know, take away a bit of my energy. Problem: it went too far. I took the stuff, and then when it took effect, I conked out. All my energy was gone. I could only sleep. It felt like I had Pfeiffer’s disease (Infectious mononucleosis), that kind of tired. So after I stayed home for 2 days because I literally could not move or go to school my mother probably called the doctor and we immediately called it off. I never want to touch that stuff ever again. Basically every other med took away all my hunger as a side effect which was not great and in the end I stopped taking the stuff completely after years and years.
Hi Icecream,   So I've had really great luck with strattera. It's is a non-stimulant, meaning 1) you can get 90 day supplies (something incredibly helpful for ADHDers) and 2) it doesn't give you highs and lows. The best way I can describe it, is it lets me sort my thoughts better. I don't get that sense of uncertainty when confronted with a task. There is no issue with addressing complicated things that need specific order. It just makes me get my brain in check. In simple terms, my brain is usually cranked up to 11, this puts me at a cool 7.5-8. I don't know if you will even read this, but I hope you find a good strategy to help with your symptoms. Good luck!
might give vyvanse a try if that really help with focusing
I think im fucked too
your videos are great, thanks for the laughs. Greetings from Argentina
methylphenidate is also meth. ADHD tips dump that I totally didn't steal from my dad: 1. If you start your day doing something like like watching youtube videos or browsing reddit or otherwise goofing off, it's not likely you're going to get to a very productive state that day. Don't start your day distracted. 2. Your productivity can change depending on the time of day, you may be more productive in mornings or evenings or some other time. 3. Changing your environment can boost your energy. Doing things such as dimming the lights or working in a different room can boost your productivity. Remember, though, that doing that same change every day will just make it the new status quo. 4. Change up your strategies. Like your environment, your brain can become used to and bored of strategies to focus and work. Having multiple strategies to use and change between at different times can help. 5. ADHD is a process. If you're struggling with ADHD, it isn't likely that the solution will just come in one sweeping blow tomorrow. It's a process of trying things over time, seeing what works and what doesn't.  6. I, for one, have been on methylphenidate, Vyvanse, and Adderall. They weren't the end-all be-all for me. Medications are different for each person. Just because it works for one person, doesn't mean it'll work for you. It can take months before you find the right medication.  7. Another thing about medications: Just because the medication is working doesn't mean you don't have to put in any effort to work. My dad told me that "medications won't make you want to work, or enjoy work, or prevent you from getting distracted or make you not want to get distracted. You will still want to spend your time doing the things that are interesting to you. All medication does is make it a little easier for you to escape or avoid those distractions." 8. Also, Don't multitask.
Ya, you might just need one that works JUST on the norepinepherine, like Strattera, because the adderall made you DO things due to serotonin (plus the dopamine and norep), and the vyvanse made you HYPERFOCUS with the dopamine (plus the norep), but both didn't work the best. That norepinepherine deficency is what makes the ADHD happen, so an increase in that alone might be the solution for you. But every brain is different.
Ye, that was me on Geodon(Ziprasidone) It REALLY helped with anxiety, but I found out I was one of the lucky few that actually had this weird allergy to it and the longer I was on it the more likely my heart would just, like. STOP FOREVER. Yeah. that thumping I had in my chest in the middle of the night? That was my heart kickstarting itself back up every time it just stopped. suffice it to say I cannot have that type of drug again, regardless of if it works or not.
Hey man, you have a large platform and it's incredibly irresponsible that you're spreading this false bullshit about adderall basically being like meth. It's not. Your friend was either misinformed, or a fucking asshole. Either way, it seems you're unintentionally peddling misinformation, which is pretty dangerous and I'd recommend you to not...do...that. I also have adhd. I just got diagnosed last year. I am also trialling out some medications. We really don't need this bullshit about 'meth'.
medicine be like
0:15 would be so fucking funny if he opened the compy even after IceCream broke it, and it actually worked
I have found that a combination of medication along with working on skills and finding tools to refocus and do the tasks I need to do and basically working through with therapist and social workers most of my life have helped me learn how to manage my adhd. Meds came way later in life but I still continue to work with a therapist along with my doctor in managing my adhd.
hey i am soon :D
I have depression and anxiety (ADHD too, but the other two are a far worse issue for me) so I got on medication. My mental health was extremely bad that I sincerely wouldn't survive any longer if I didn't get some sort of treatment. And this video is really accurate about these kind of meds; everyone is different and every drug effects people differently. I first took Zoloft, pretty popular med, but I had an immediate bad reaction to it. I was only able to take it for about four days until I had to stop. Then they switched me to Lexapro which was good at the lowest dose (anything higher back fired), but it wore off after less than a year. Then they put me on Trintellix which was AMAZING, best med I ever took, but my insurance was changed and the new one didn't wanna cover it cuz it's expensive so I was forced to stop taking it and had to suffer withdrawal (not fun). Now I'm on Duloxetine which is pretty good, not as good as Trintellix, but its still good. Never give up on treatment just becuz things don't work right away. Meds take a while to start working and some meds don't work for your specific brain and that's okay, you will find one that does. And meds aren't a cure, you're still gonna have some rough days or moments, you're diagnosis isn't gonna go away, but it's going to make life a lot easier to manage. It's gonna be okay.
1:08 oh my god this is it!
What if you hyper like you have adhd but you don’t have adhd
Imagine watching the sponsor cuz this dude makes it so funny, couldn’t be me. I also have adhd so ofc I watched the sponsor lol
Try caffeine. I’ll be in class, and my brain will be like “put the bottle on your forehead” and then I have to do it I can’t focus on my work I have to put wota on forehead, so then my friend told me to have caffeine and I had caffeine and I was fine after that. The only problem is that I got overstimulated much easier.
I take Strattera for ADHD and that one is effective and pretty chill for me but idk about other people.
Hello again Andy
You should absolutely stop taking a medication immediately if you have a bad/allergic reaction. It's just good advice
I took medication when I was a kid but didn't like the side effects and stopped taking it all together
I have both ADHD and Autism
Strattera has really worked for me, takes roughly a month to feel it tho
Just a heads up. Adderall isn't meth. Be careful when using that kind of language as people with less than genuine intentions often use that line of reasoning to discriminate against individuals with ADHD.
Bro w vyvance when I take it i feel all tingly and stuff, and also sorta out of breath like u mentioned. I think it gets better the longer ur on it, but that’s just my experience
I've never taken ADHD meds and was diagnosed with BOTH ADHD and Autism when I was.... 5 or 6. My boyfriend's mum suggests I should get on ADHD medication since I have one hell of a time trying to do anything a normal person does, like.. I just can't function. There's a lot of things I need to do like clean up the house, apply for medicare, apply for food stamps, get a passport and visa for moving to...Canada, apply for a job in Canada.. etc. I procrastinate so damn hard that it's a miracle I got anything done in my life.
YEESS
i can feel this as someone with ADHD so true
Honestly, meds would really help me but I have eating problems so they didn’t want to prescribe me adhd meds since it’s a appetite suppressant
BRUH I ALSO JUST GOT MEDICATED!!
I’ve taken both of these and… yeah this basically sums it up. Adderall let me do the boring tasks but felt like I was slamming my head into a wall when I wanted to think up something to doodle. Vyvanse made me hyper focus on sudden research ideas all day until 3am. Vyvanse made me feel like a complete person but man did it also take a lot out of me on certain days
I'm seeing a psychiatrist a week from today because I'm 99% sure I have adhd
I have an appointment tomorrow to see if medication is right for me(which I'm positive it is) and this video was so good to see thank you pizza boy
i just found out i have adhd. thats fun.
"So, what was the solution?" "..." "d r u g" story of my life
Although I have anxiety and not ADHD, I just want to say that your video style and your animation is very comfy for my anxiety and mentally I feel like I'm in a comfy bean bag chair with a fuzzy blanket when watching your silly little animation style
So... While I think the PLETHORA of different medications for ADD/ADHD/Autism are... Great... because there is likely one that works for you and your case... Im kind of on the fence about it. Always have been. My initial diagnosis for ADD functions very similarly to ADHD (duh) and my later diagnosis for autism explains why I didnt seem to have found enough help for my ADD problems.  Now I tried A LOT of different ADD meds. None of them really worked the way I would have liked. Usually with side effects that were worse than the problem it was intended to help alleviate. All that said I think my therapist(s) were right in that... the best solution is Meds + therapy. Meds alone are usually not that great at solving the problem. I get that everyone's mental problems are their own to solve and are a journey only they personally can take though. For some therapy does nothing, for me, meds did 'nothing'. I really tried many of them but eventually I'd had enough and said: Look... I just want help with these things, forget the headaches all these pills give me and lets just try a different approach. Which is what worked FOR ME. Still could use more focus, but I suppose Im happy with the way things are for me now.
Good luck, dude! You will find a way to make it work for you. Cheers!
I hate my ADHD medicine, but i know i need it😮‍💨
I was prescribed Adderall when I was in the 4th grade. It would increase my dopamine levels and make it easier to do things and focus a bit more, but then at night I would get really emotional and easily irritated. Idk why
I’m unmediated because Adderall did kinda the same thing for me, so I’ve learned how to utilize fidgets, breaks, and routines to help me focus and not become distracted. It works more than half the time I’d say 😂
My takeaway from this vid: Justice for compy >:c
I took concerta for a month and had to stop. I kept getting palpitations. And I was on the lowest dose. It messed with my anxiety. So I’m gonna try something relax.
What is the Cow song in the video? As in what is its name?
Haven't been diagnosed myself, but been told I might be, and that's fine. I've lived my whole life without meds and survived. Sometimes, it's just learning some discipline. I'm still learning to get there, but I think it's for the best.
*Sigh...* 4:46 Adderall is *NOT* "street meth." Man, I wish you did a little more research..  Adderall is an Amphetamine. "Street Meth" is a Methamphetamine.  They're "chemical compound cousins." Rough example: Lemons, Limes, Oranges, and Grapefruits are all citric fruits. But a Lime is Not an Orange. Chemistry is COMPLICATED.
As someone else who has tried ADHD meds I understand this struggle really well, the one that worked best for me was Concerta, but it came with the side effect of being pretty much completely unable to eat. Whenever I tried I would feel completely full after just one or two bites, and although it wasn't painful it was really uncomfortable to continue eating. I am no longer on meds but for me once I was able to really figure out how ADHD was effecting me I was able to change my lifestyle around it, I still forget things super easily but I can practice focusing and planning which helps!
I was put into on meds for ADHD, had the same issues, but I just stopped taking them. I also had my wisdom teeth removed a month before I quit taking the pills. Oh, look, cheese!
Don’t worry ice cream sandwich, i will unsub just for you
ADHD is the ability to only focus on what you want, you literaly can't focus on something that is imposed. You should watch the Teal Swan video about autism and alternative brain 💋
oof I always consider my meds to be like directed hyperfocus. I have all sorts of weird symptoms from them (the weirdest is that I sweat a lot), but nothing worse than a mild pain in my chest on rare occasions.
Hey bro your videos are really quiet comparatively to other channels been watching yt all day just wanted to mention this.
wow this explained me down to the polish cow meme. I literally can't stop thinking about the cow meme and idk how this video predicted it
You should make a cream colored hat next I’ll buy that thing like it’s the last taco on earth
As someone with ADHD which I only had diagnosed at 38, I feel this.
The beginning of that video was a personal attack
Ever heard of neurofeedback?
last thing i promis, but the struggling to get to sleep thing with vyvanse happens to me to, and we have worked out (we as in my family and doctor and stuff) worked out that it is because, as you said, a medication that lasts all day, and that means if i take it at say, 12:00 cos i forgot then it lasts until after i go to bed, and thats stupidly anoying, so we started to make sure i woke up in time or i went to sleep later as it wouldn't make a difrence (or just didn't take the medication at all for the day, but then i had a bad day in the form of i did horid work) i also want to say that i take more than one medication and cant renember which is which cos i am better at the game so it might be one of my other medications that i have been talking about in all 3 of my comments in which sorry about that 😅
I swear I saw the shade of blue change like 12 times throughout the video
15 mg of Adderall works good for me
cow. video. please.
Don't take intunive take adderall
When I was testing out vyvanse, and wasn't able/allowed to do tasks, I felt so itchy and antsy and GOTTA GO FASt  I was shoved on the cash register for HOURS at my job, and I JUST wanted to be wandering around helping people or bagging fish.    Being in a little space, and just WAITING for people to come to me to buy things sucked so hard.
Pills != Skills && Skills != Pills. I've developed ~ c o p i n g   m e c h a n i s m s ~ over time, but it wasn't until I got diagnosed with ADHD that I was intentional about them. Atomic Habits is a good read. SYNOPSIS: Will power's for suckers. You brain do easy thing. Make the thing you want to do the easier. Make stuff you want to not do more difficult. Set yourself up to succeed. You already have habits/patterns, a lot of them chain together. Find a good spot to insert a new one in the chain.
I've had it for years now, you should definitely look into a behavior med that is not fast acting, but this is just a thought
i take concerta it makes me feel groggy :(  edit: like it helps but it make  feel groggy
Listen the cow is great
I feel like not enough people realize that medication isn't a cure-all, you still need to develop discipline and good habits. ESPECIALLY around sleep.   The shortness of breath you experienced was probably a mini panic attack. I'm very prone to this when I'm relying on medication to function because I didn't get enough sleep or had poor sleep quality.  Stimulants drastically affect your sleep quality too, even after they've "worn off." Just because you're sleeping doesn't mean the sleep you're getting is restorative. You get into this feedback loop of bad sleep, poor focus, more Adderall/Ritalin/Vyvanse.  Therapeutic dosages of stimulants should be treated like this:  If you don't need it that day, don't take it.
As someone with ADHD and a horrible history with Vyvanse.. bruh taking meds only helped me through school, and helped me do things I never had the motivation to do prior. However, after a few years, I was convinced that the only reason I could do anything remotely useful was because of the medication. Felt.. totally useless w/o it, and began taking more than I should've. I then got addicted for a few years after I was prescribed 80mg (two 40mg pills) which is above the highest single-pill dose, and then my parents suddenly flung me off the meds w/o warning. No tapering, no nothin', just cold turkey. I'm alive, but everything I feel towards medication now just terrifies me and I'll never want to take it again.
Medication for me just made me hyper then sleepy then nothing. For every medication. No actual benefits. Oh and they gave me one that had a high risk chance of anxiety (im currently suffering from bad ocd) and I said I don't want it because if It gets worse I ain't gonna be ok, and they said I'd be fine. I wasn't. They won't give me anti anxiety medication tho :,)
adderall is literally not meth tho adderall is AN amphetamine, but not METHamphetamine. literally in the name. do not spread dis shite
“Your good?” ANGRY GRUNT “Great.”
when i take my meds (im on Adderall) im alot quieter and soft spoken. i can sit and listen to a topic and learn but i often have to be doing something else or i dont take in the content for a long period of time. and im alot more tired at the end of the day because ive used my brain for the whole day instead of when im just zoning out for hours on end.
I remember having adhd meds while in 3rd grade, shit turned me into a zombie. Id just rather be a viciously vibrating menace to society instead
My ADHD made me go glank half way thru this video 👍
Ok, pop quiz time. You need to land a space shuttle       From space.
rip compy
...COFFEEEE
I haven’t got too far in the video but I just want to comment that the possible reason you couldn’t focus with adderal is bc it was such a low dose. I am only 15 and take a 3 times higher dose than you I also take extended release which helps with it lasting longer
Am a person w/ adhd. I’m supposed to be taking meds but bcuz my prescription is so high (and it’s difficult to get it lowered) I can’t take it without feeling that shortness of breath you mentioned. I feel like not enough people talk about that. Taking the wrong meds could cause big boy problems.
I took some kind of med too and it made stomach feel like it was ripping itself in half . I weened myself off the mess but it didn't help, and I went through what I now know were withdrawals. I thought I was dying haha.
Idk if I have ADHD or something but why is this so relatable???
As someone with ADHD and Aspergers, I feel that his description of himself without medication is very accurate. My productivity sucks when no one's watching.
I have ADHD. Just got diagnosed as an adult a couple years ago at the ripe age of 27.  I originally went to Youtube tonight to get my playlist of WoW music going so I could do my homework for psychology. But then I saw you uploaded a new video. And it involved the Polish dancing cow.   Now I am here. Writing this comment. Because ADHD lizard brain said so.
I can relate to some of this but overall my experience with ADHD meds have been good. However now with the DEA lessening the production of ADHD meds causing me to switch from concerta to adderal I may relate to this video even more
I love Ice Cream Sandwich! ❤️‍🔥
5:30 google kerbal space program
As someone without ADHD, I feel there's too may ADHD comments that start the same way down here.
i think ive been taking vyvanse for about a year now, works for me
A lot of people don’t realize that the medications work differently for everyone and that they should talk to their doctor about changing it.  I was first put on Ritalin and it was horrible for me. The side effects were not good. Then I got put on vyvanse and I LOVE it. While yes, I have the whole researching rocket issue, I know I can pull myself out of it and get onto a task that I need to focus on. I don’t have the out of breath issue luckily and I actually use my medication to help me at the gym. I cannot do cardio at the gym without my vyvanse. I’ve also noticed some young people (I’m a teacher) don’t realize that they aren’t supposed to feel a certain way when on medication. If you cannot eat and are losing weight because of your medication, the focus you may get from the medication is NOT worth it. You should still be able to consume food and hold it down. A lot of doctors don’t seem to care and don’t want to deal with the trial and error. They write it off as “well that’s what happens.” And it’s not what should happen.  I couldn’t eat on Ritalin. I can eat on vyvanse. They don’t all work the same.   It’s also okay to choose to not be medicated as long as it doesn’t harm you or others.
i take concerta it makes me feel groggy :(
i got a mixture of both hyperactive and..uhm...the other one.. :)
hi i don't know if you'll see this or if you even need advice but i've been taking adderall for most of my life and i've always experienced the same situation you had with adderall where i can only finish physical tasks (unload dishwasher, do my laundry, etc.) but i couldn't even start properly on mental tasks (math homework, reading hamlet, generally anything school related).   what helped me was i found out that i can do these mental tasks when i'm in a different environment. it has to be quiet and work-orientated, like a library. trying these mental tasks at home just does not end well at all! if i really have to do something at home like for instance i need to turn in a paper by 12am i lock myself in the bathroom until i get it done. this is how i got my college essays done on time.   i'm so glad i'm not the only one who has had the same experience on this. adhd is a tough one for sure 😅😅
I took concerta. It didn't help, nothing will help me focus. I just worked for years to learn how to wing focusing. But I've had lots of time as I was diagnosed at 7 years old.
Just found your channel and immediantly liked it, subbed, keep up the great work
YESSSSSS A NEW ICE CREAM SANDWICH VIDEO WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I took vyvance from about 6 y/o when i was diagnosed until i was 19, it sorta worked, but i still had very bad procrastination issues
Some of the meds I took left me feeling numb and dead/ not mentally here. I'm struggling.
If you have ADHD or any sort of issue on not being able to focus, I promise you that reading through this entire comment will help you DRASTICALLY since most of you guys don't have the attention span to do so.  Meditating will drastically help with ADHD, it might even be better than medication. I'm not a doctor, so I can't confirm that it might be better than medication, but meditating could improve your focus, as it helps you be present and clears all your thoughts when doing something important. My brother has ADHD, meditates, and his focus and everything have become way better. I have started as well. There is this guy who really pushes for better mental health in this generation, his name is Hamza, and he discusses meditation and its benefits (more focus, better attention span because social media has destroyed it, etc.) in a video named "How to meditate in plain English"   If I made one person with ADHD or focusing issues read this entire thing and watch the video, I am proud of you, and myself, and I have don't my job here.  link is here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlFqgrg3OeU  Note: This WILL take time, but it will only change your life if you dedicate that time to doing it daily, even if you won't have ADHD, it will change your life anyways.  Go change your life
I have ADHD, and i often forget taking my meds, thats it
I have ADHD and i used to take it 4-5-6 years ago... (when I wassssss... 10-9-8) And I THINK I took Adderal. I took it for a while, and it was kinda working (but I've forgotten the feeling of the meds) but after a bit, I started feeling... full. like I was not hungry or I was tired and sluggish. my parents saw this and I stopped taking them. so yea. NUT
finally another 8 min vid to help me not lose my sanity
:(
I used Concerta back when I was in school. I was able to focus and do work an I went from a C student to an AB honorole student. By graduation, I had straight A's. If you're still interested in meds for your ADHD, try Concerta maybe.
What i use to help with ADHD is set alarms but make myself think the alarms are important so i always get my tasks done
THIS IS - oh im sorry thats too loud this is one of the most validating experiences/watches I've had in a long time thank you ICS
Your days sound like my days.  Oh dear.
Are you me? I can't draw... not even this good.
dream normal pills
okay, it's not METH, adderall is an AMPHETAMINE meth stands for methamphetamine, so yes they are similar chemically, but any chemist will tell you that minor changes to any compound will drastically change it's effects. (I am not a chemist lol, but I am a nerd with adhd who takes adderall and i've done my research)
1:08 can relate to ALOT
Totally great animating as usual, relatable af
LMAO ACCURATE
For anyone, PLEASE talk with your provider first before starting or stopping meds.   For context, I'm a nurse and a pharmacy tech, currently In school to be a pharmacist. ADHD sucks. I'm on Adderall myself. But it's important to do things safely. The way a medication is picked out for you is based around your symptoms and your other health conditions and medications you're taking. So if Adderall doesn't work for you, and your provider chose Methylphenidate, there's a reason for the choice. It's dangerous to start and stop meds before consulting the provider first. I see it far too often...   If a med doesn't work for you, there will be another that will. It's all based around your genetics. It's like finding a peace of a puzzle and fitting it in. Don't force it if it won't work, but working with your provider to find the right med will, in the end, help that peace of the puzzle fit just right
I wonder if I should be diagnosed...
What is that song called at the beginning of the video?
Vyvanse sounds like autism in a bottle
I'm currently trying to get an ADHD diagnosis...but suprise surpise, the USA healthcare system says STOP! You have to wait 6 MONTHS before we can even get you in for an appointment!  Also tbh I'm kinda nervous to get a neruopsych evaluation  But it's interesting to know about others' experience with meds. I know there are non-med alternatives to treat symptoms. I also know if you do go the med route, it can take a lot of trial and error to find the best one for you (and sometimes the one you find works best is $600 a month, speaking from US healthcare experience 😢)
i love taking meth every morning :)
Withdrawal from meds is always my biggest fear. Hits me like a Mac truck. Which says something because I have been hit by a car and that sucked a lot.
Mind turning the audio tf up my guy
dancing cow :3c
OMG I relate to this entire video so much!!! I've never taken Vyvanse, but I've taken Adderall, Ritalin short acting, Ritalin long acting, Concerta, and some non-stimulant meds, and now I'm taking Modafinil. So far it's kind of working but not really doing what I want it to be doing sadly. Getting an ADHD coach, though, has been the best decision so far. Let's hope I figure something out in the future!
wow this came out at like, the perfect time cause this is my second day of taking focalin for my adhd. I've really hyped myself up thinking "this will be the answer to all my problems" because for some, it REALLY helps, but I think your video has helped me understand that I shouldn't tunnel vision on that outcome if I'm having any adverse/unwanted effects on the medication. It might take trial and error, as relieved as I am to be where I am now this isn't "the end" of my adhd struggles, just the beginning of how I learn to cope with them.
Even with ADHD I could never forget to watch an ice cream sandwich video.
I also have ADHD. Been taking Vyvanse during my degree; it helped a lot except for the part where I stopped sleeping. Eventually I just started a pattern of I take the meds one day then stop taking them then start taking them again (despite my doctor telling me do not) and I had much better results.  Now I'm just not taking them at all because I've graduated and I'm not ready to get a job yet (working towards grad school now but mostly just playing TF2 because my degree was an incredibly bad experience and I'm so utterly burned out, and my internship was such a hopeless experience I just can't).
Perhaps you could try a non-stimulant medicine? I took Strattera for a while. Maybe that'll help. iirc, Adderall and Vyvanse are stimulants. You could talk to you doctor about non-stimulants
This little video's dedicated to ADHD, but medicated (pow!)
I am currently on task H, I need to get diagnoised quick because I forget what comes after H
I’ve been taking concerta since i got diagnosed with adhd and this only now made me realize that different adhd meds have different affects. idk why i didn’t realize that sooner. either way I’m a slug without me drugs.
I remember the first time my doctor put me on adhd medication. I had gotten into this habbit of obsessively planning every second of the day in a desperate attempt to keep up with my wandering brain. It worked but it was exhausting. Plus it was made around the assumption that I wouldn't follow it very well, so every so often I have to move things around. The day I tried whatever it was for the first time, I had been looking at a whole week's schedule of homework and thinking about getting started on it (*thinking* not *doing*) I took the pill with lunch and suddenly I was doing homework. Not just the stuff for that day though; I managed to get done 7 days worth of homework in the span of 6 hours. One of those hours was spent just obsessing over how CLEAR everything was. cannot express just how true that whole "I could able" bit feels.
My ADHD cycles between bouncing around tasks and barely doing anything and hyper focusing on something I find interesting. One day I decided I wanted to make a handheld gaming device (like a DS) and now I’m designing smartwatches and cellphones. I found a thing and hyper focused but then all of the sudden I go back to bouncing around tasks for a while. Then I revisit an old thing that I hyper focused on and it happens again and then it cycles again. Basically my brain is like 30 people each reading a book about a random topic aloud at the same time and some monkeys bouncing around in the corner.
Im not sure if youve exsperienced it but I have, Ive been taking 15 mg of adderal for going on 8 years now, and one of the symptoms is loosing all sence of appetite. Like ALL OF IT. It doesnt matter if I hadnt eaten for hours, i will physically be unable to bring my self to put any type of food in my mouth. Like Most days for me i dont eat breakfast or lunch, ill have dinner but only because i have to.
Dear god dopamine dead on the floor is so accurate
I'm on day 2 of Strattera and I feel... interesting. It's working, I'm reading and focusing and getting things done with far less effort than it used to take. Yesterday I took one pill and I think it's the best I've ever felt in my life. Today was the first day taking two pills and the first was also amazing, the second had me focused, but foggy. Also, it being a non amphetamine drug eases my mind a lot because I get nervous about meds easily. It's worth a shot, especially since it's physically safer than other meds. I'm aware it's /only/ day 2 but even if it settled out to me feeling half this good, it's so worth it.
When this was the random thing I got distracted by- I should probably do homework now
I almost dropped my phone...  *pttchh*
someone with adhd here, if your doctor is trustworthy then meth pills work great for adhd. there really isn't much to worry about as just like all medications just don't take more than you are supposed to.
I would be on vyvanse right now if it wasn’t $400 pre-deductible. 🥴  I tried adderall and it was great. Minus the fact that it made my heart race and stay above 100 nearly always.   But i couldn’t do stimulant meds without sleeping meds. My sleep was already effed pre-medication, and now my sleep is great. But I sleep for SO LONG. i could fall asleep by 11 pm on friday and sleep until 2pm or later on saturday. It maybe works too well. But if i go lower dose it’s not as effective. So then i also rely on caffeine to counter the sleepy meds.   I have finally reached an equilibrium of sorts with my new medications and I’m happy with it. But it’s been about 2 years of adjusting to get me to this point. I’m very glad i have insurance. Lol
❤love ur vids
This video is so quiet. Can't hear anything he's saying on max volume
Fuck medication im ADHD not medicated all my life. and im productive because yes
Today I forgot my ADHD meds. It went… …poorly………………
Hey, doctor with ADHD here. Saying adderall is the same as taking meth is the equivalent of saying taking tylenol is the same as taking fentanyl cause they're both painkillers. Just a fun fact you might want to know.
For someone who has a sibling with ADHD, this can actually be pretty helpful to know, thanks for sharing, Ice Cream Sandwich!
me with adhd using this video to get out of homework:
"Hey guy's, i'm back and i'm off my meds!" RUN
I think the three things on his head means he has adhd
I have such a hard time with meds its frustrating Either they dont work or sideeffects make them Impossible to take.... But sometimes one needs them so i keep trying
I have ADHD but I can't find a doctor that won't charge an arm and a leg, takes my insurance, or is even accepting new clients. It sucks.
conveniently the dancing cow song is about drugs
THE FACT THAT I ACTUALLY WAS WATCHING POLISH COW BEFORE WATCHING THIS
also want to say that taking to much of my medication (Vyvanse) i became very irritable and sometimes took it out on the people around me that where there to support me (friends and stuff)
i just never take meds for mine so im extra annoying :)
Absolutely LOVE you’re content, so you’re definitely doing something right 🥳✨
Getting high on synthesized amphetamines and SSRIs will alleviate a variety of symptoms for various neurological “disorders”.  Mans understanding of neurology is still in its infancy contrary to the beliefs of most consumers.  They’ll pop whatever pill the doctor prescribes, kinda scary.  This whole generation is already fucked.
When you started talking about breathlessness I did a double take.  This was my experience with my ADHD meds in highschool.
Them drug companies gunna come for your butt XD
Hey I have ADHD and work as a 3D animator. I had the same issues with those drugs. Ask your doctor about focolyn. It works a lot better
I've only been on one ADHD medication, and it's still working for me even after a couple of years. However, when I don't take it, I find it very difficult to stay awake, I can easily sleep the day away. I'm unsure if it's possibly a byproduct of taking it for years or if I have something like chronic fatigue.
Ok the stimulant = meth thing is just   NO JUST NO.  Prescription stimulants can be dangerous and that is why you are supposed to take them while in contact with a doctor! If you take the dose you’re supposed to, you won’t get addicted to it! (Small chance but like infinitesimal). And stimulants don’t work for everybody either. I had a higher heart rate and more anxiety with them, but SSRIs (a specific type of antidepressant) work really well for me. Also, it doesn’t like replace meds, but I found gamification works well for me. I use Habitica as a todo list and the gamified nature really helps me remember to do things. The motivation to do them is where I fail (thanks depression) and also probably why I’m writing this comment lol
As someone with adhd i started with Vyvanse but it made me depressed so i switched to concerta and i am now on the HIGHEST dosage they will let me be on
I'm not a big fan of medication that's supposed to "fix you." Tbh I've never seen a medication, for that purpose, that doesn't cause more problems than it's supposed to "fix."
My son used concerta. We get the lowest dose needed and it gets him through the day. With the recent national shortage he said "Dad, school is hard now." Broke my heart.
I'm ADHD myself. among other things. Im 5he "single point of focus" kind. i have burned holes into walls when i stare off into space. i swallow a pharmacy every day. it can take years to find the right "cocktail" that works for your system. life can br better. I hope you find your way. I gotta go back into search mode because prozac became minor league zac and doesn't work anymore in my warped noggin. it's hell! aaaaa!  help me sammy! D:
I love your videos
Dang, I had to pause the video and go watch the entirety of the polish dancing cow
“Don’t forget to unsubscribe! Wa-“ ok *unsibscribes*
Your videos remind me of pikuniku
Also, I recommend having therapy on top of having those meds, they alone can't do much for you. It's basically a matter of adapting and developing your way of defining a way that you work with during your day, tho I have no idea how to make it clearer in words here in comments, anyway.. just try therapy at least, if you don't wanna go back to trying those meds!
I once was prescribed a medicine that made me VERY irritable. As in, I would freak out at anything for the most minor reasons. I had to keep taking it until I saw my doctor again, though, because it prevented me from having seizures.
i just want to say that i am on vyvanse, also, please note that if you struggle getting/staying asleep you can use something called melatonin (i just checked the spelling and oh god i got it right yay)
I got diagnosed not too long after your video about you getting diagnosed! I am on I think Wellbutrin? It helps with adhd and depression apparently. Two pills weren't doing it for me, so I got put onto three.   It seems to be working out sort of. I can focus a lot better and my memory has improved. I sometimes focus on the wrong things too. I just do what I want really. It's the whole work with my brain instead of against it thing, so taking a break, stim, or talk to someone while I do work helps a lot!   I am not good at homework... AT ALL. But I noticed that I can do those tasks without fighting myself as much now. I'm going to check in with the doc in a couple of days, so we'll see what he says about all of this!  It sucks that those specific meds didn't help, its probably going to be a lot of trial and error when it comes to meds, but it's okay if meds aren't for you! Sometimes going to therapy to learn proper coping mechanisms for adhd helps!
I was waiting for you to say the meds that worked for you bc I’m taking vyvanse and idk if it’s working but I’ve already tried a bunch of meds so idk what else to do 😐
The bit with all of the Andy’s in the brain is an amazing and accurate way to describe adhd.
Holy shit I have never seen a more accurate representation of what my brain feels like as I did when I saw the Inside panel in his brain.
You should try distractable, A markiplier production and friends.
I almost forgot to unsubscribe! JK.
Meds don’t work 😢
Oh boy oh boy. As a colleger with ADHD, when I took Vyvance, the "Too much focus" and symptoms is incredibly accurate. It was good, until it started raising my heart rate (ahem) heart attack range.  I'd literally be sitting down, doing nothing, when my whole body felt like it just ran up 10 flights of stairs
I took Vyvanse when I was younger, it kept me focused but the downside was it made me really depressed all the time. So I had to stop taking it.
the thing about adhd meds is...they're NOT the end all be all solution. It's like you said: they WILL help you "do" or "focus", but then ya gotta learn and develop habits and strategies and stuff to work WITH the medication. Don't be discouraged bc your medication didn't turn out to be a magic pill that "cures" the adhd all by itself; it's gonna take a *bit* more work than that.  All of this being said, adhd medication is a personal choice, and whether or not one uses adhd meds is their own business. Thank you for the video, it's always nice to hear other people's experiences with this stuff! ...also yeah adderall suuuuuucks. I took it for a very short time. very small dosage. Still felt like I was being PUNCHED in the face everytime it kicked in. 0/10 hate that it seems to be the default medication. Also causes you to become sooo stressed and agitated??? awful experience.
My first adhd medication gave me violent depression according to my mom. I couldn't even get out of bed
i’ve had ADHD for about half of my life & i’ve taken every ADHD medication except adderall. they all made me feel like a zombie. they worked, but i had zero personality. antidepressants help my hyperactivity & caffeine helps with my focus, for anyone wanting to try a new method in handling their ADHD after consulting with a doctor!
I stoped taking my meds about 5 years ago (beginning of freshman year of HS) now that I’ve started my freshman year of college I am SUFFERING, unfortunately the army views all drugs as a stinky no no so I can’t take meds for my ADHD any more without problems legally. Only reason I stopped was cause they make me depressed and I hardly eat anything.
The last time I was medicated for ADHD was when I was like 11 and I haven't taken anything since so I feel like maybe I should talk to someone about that probably
The drugs help in some ways but it takes alot of will power my friend.
That would explain the nature of your content.  That said- I love it. 💙
This is explains ADHD for me perfectly.
My experience is basically yours but...combined. I take ritalin, either 1 or 2 pills per day, 20 mg each,  depending on how long the day is (or when i wake up). When it hits in like 15 min or so, i suddenly feel like the mental fog of not being able to focus gets lifted and i get motivation to do stuff! But at the same time i experience your problems, like i gain the ability to do physical tasks but also good concentration, but if i, for example, play a game when it hit, i will be hyperfocused on the game until it wears off, sometimes even when its gone. That, i feel like, it probably also just a thing of timing.  Oh and i often just dont take them if i dont need it. I'll feel sluggish, mentally foggy, etc like i always did before, but no side effects, thankfully
sussy ice cream sandwich moment
The Cow 😂 It’s Cowalicious ✨👁️👄👁️✨
The guys at the start:doesn’t pay attention to Andy  Andy:you did not learn from your lessons (or from all of the sponsers)
the unability to not
Why is the audio so low............
*t h e  p i l l*
I just had an ADHD moment where I was distracted by the star in your shop
I think i have adhd i have taken a test and it says i prob have adhd and i do have a reason why i would have it im just not gonna say but my friend with adhd says i prob have it ask me any questions to figure out if i have adhd and i will prob answer
Where my concerta gang at? Meth(ylphenadate, not amphetamine) gang represent
The adhd induced king is back   Without the adhd
I take Vyvanse. I am a vegtable on it but I think finishing school is more important than having a personality at this point. ADHD is the worst and because it is so over diagnosed, it's not taken that seriously at all. It's so frustrating
I forgot my meds today so this video is fitting
I meant to consider this video, but I just spent it thinking about that cow song.
I stopped this video to watch the polish cow video, watched about 3 more videos, then finally realized, and came back to this video.
Vyvanse gave me CRAZY aggression and fits of mania as a kid. I don’t take it anymore and refuse to take it
Yay andy remembers he has a youtube channel
ADHD medicating as a child felt like being a science experiment.  I’d take one for a week and wouldn’t be able to eat at all for no reason, or just focus on writing a perfect D for like 10 minutes. Finally they put me on ANTIDEPRESSANTS(?) and it worked, weirdly. I’m glad though
For me, Concerta 54mg is perfect, if helps me get things done AND focus, and because it is a slow acting medicament so you dont get punched in the face with focus. It also has 0 side effects and lasts for like 12 hours
vyvanse is what I take and I feel like I can finally complete something, but makes ADD worst
When I was on riddilin, it was awful. I have the inattentive type which makes me drift off in thoughts easily. That medication made me nauseous while also not allowing me to drift away. Left me feelin pretty drained as well
WHERE DID YOU FIND THE DANCING COW PLEASE
Medication is super difficult to figure out the right drug and dosage for ADHD! I’m curious as to what dose of Vyvanse you were trying out, especially from switching from an Adderall 5mg to Vyvanse, especially starting out!!! Because the Vyvanse you were taking might have been too high if you were experiencing shortness of breath and like, over hyper focus.  If you haven’t already, def tell your psych about what happened and thank you for telling your audience to not stop your meds abruptly, esp for ADHD meds!!!
im only half way in and i just want to say vivance is great but i keep getting upgrades im now at 60 mg out of 70 mg at 14 so yay ADHD and yay meth
What was that video in the beginning?
Its weird hearing people having ADHD and having problems with like math and shit, funny thing i have ADHD and my best classes were math and shit, cant do shit with reading or write or politics.
About 8 min video took me 3 hours to finish I have now realized something concerning
From what you described with both experiences you stopped being "you", having adhd is a part of you and taking medication changes that and thereforewho you are, I'm not a medical professional but I think just embrace who you are with the good and the bad. Don't change we like you for you, and you would be you if you didn't have adhd.
I was just Diagnosed with it because my first semester of college went terribly wrong and I felt something might be up. The meds I take is called Wellbutrin bc I didn’t want Adderall. I have a 12hr and a 🔥24hr🔥. The 24 hour is awesome because I’m incredibly productive and focused to the point where I finished all of Batman Arkham City in 3 days, WHILE STILL HAVING ALL MY HOMEWORK DONE. I’ve only been on it for two months but I honestly feel better and crazy focused. I recommend it.
ADHD is a basterd and i know
needs about 6-9 dB more.
@ice cream sandwich  The one with a v yeah I tried modafinol and had a similar experience it was insane how productive or stuck I could get.  Now im on a medication called amantadine and its not for adhd but it helps. I have ms and with it my main problem is fatigue so in searching for something to help with that my neuro tried amantadine and it helps with both things and more. Originally for Parkinsons and now used for ms and fatigue and idk what else but yeah great stuff. Kills my appetite though.
I started on Adderall when I was first diagnosed as a kid, and it helped me focus, but it also made me super fuckin depressed. I later switched to Concerta, which worked way better and didnt make me want to die, but it instead completely took away my appetite for the whole day. I was super thin the entire time I was on it, but my mental state was way better and it was super easy to focus. If you can look past the appetite thing, I would recommend giving it a shot and see if it works for you!
Video is very quiet
WTF I have the same symptoms
I have tried so many ADHD medications and none of them worked or I forgot to take them because of ADHD or they just changed how I acted. I just don't take medications anymore
Hey Andy, so you know how you were not feelin well when you took that other med? Yeah, with a lot of  different meds, there’s this time when your taking them where your body doesn’t agree with it, and that can last for a while, so you generally feel either really icky in your body, or or you go through some really weird mood swings. Also if you don’t eat something before you take your meds, it can make you feel really sick to your stomach. Take this from a guy who knows. Maybe you should ask the person who is prescribing the med to you about these things, because it dose happen with me when I start a new med. welp…I hope you get this, because I would love to help, and hopefully I do
That's so accurate, just dopamine being in a destroyed, discarded, heap. I got diagnosed in like October last year. I got vyvanse for mine, and it worked well. It also synthesized well with my epilepsy meds to really decrease the depression part of my bipolar II. I actually am not sure of who I am anymore because seizures stopped last summer, ADHD is under control (well as under control as it gets), and bipolar II was patched up. Now I got to find myself again. I really studied the potential med interactions and how my body reacts to things to get these results tho. Like I get like that constant jogging exhaustion feeling when I have too much caffeine, so I was on the lowest dose of vyvanse. If I were you, I'd ask your doctor about meds similar to vyvanse and tell them about your experience with it. Idk why no one followed up with you for an echocardiogram to make sure the meds WOULDN'T give you that kind of terrible side effect. I guess the doctors in the USA just don't care, or whoever it was that prescribed them to you.
ah the joys of ADHD meds. I've taken so many different types. they all worked differently, they all had different side effects, that i hated. so i kinda just stopped taking them after 12 years
I wish you like man. It took me 10 years to find my medicine regiment. Never give up.
He told me to unsubscribe, so I did. If he tells us to subscribe next video, I will re-subscribe.
I’m am stills waiting for my ADHD meds my doctors say it my mess up my sleep and anxiety med
as someone with ADHD uncured for 4 years. i can totally agree, everything is confusing in classes, brain gets confused. distracted, still i loved the video. AND I WAITED.
thanks for the reminder, I nearly forgot to unsubscribe!
Yo, just a heads-up, meth is an amphetamine, but it's effect is almost nothing like Adderall, not that I tested the first, but I wouldn't say it's the same since the "symptoms" are cery different
What? WHAT? Hold on, let me physically turn my speakers all the way up after maxing out the video volume.   But seriously, great video as always! I too have the ADDs and have been on the fence about meds. Don't worry, I won't decide one way or the other because of your video. I'll talk with my doctor.
#Justiceforcompy
Also pick a Med that doesn’t go out of stock frequently where u live. Mine did that. I had 3 finals that week.   Also alarms. Alarms are saints for managing tasks that u don’t wanna spend too long on
My son takes Adderall and Intunive. It took a few tries with Adderall RX and Concerta as well, but the winning combination was Adderall overall. Adderall helped my son to focus, but would make him severely tired near the end of a school day. So, his neurologist had us go down a list that they said were compatible with him. Intunive ended up helping him along with Adderall. While this combination might not be good for other people, it definitely helped my son. I noticed he had ADHD when he was 3 going on 4. I just, saw how his brain was functioning, and how he was getting jumbled up in his thoughts. Took forever to get him properly diagnosed.
This was very similar to my experience with ADHD meds, though I was only ever on one that I can recall. I eventually stopped taking them around the time I was 15 because I felt like they were holding me back from doing things that I wanted to do.  I’m not saying any of this to say that ADHD meds will cause this to happen, because they do affect people differently, I’m just saying this to share my personal experience.  If you’ve read this far, follow the Ice Cream man’s advice and do not just stop taking meds. Talk to your doctor first and see if it’s what’ll be best for you.
"I should see if my mom texted me" **checks notifs** *"*gasp** IceCreamSandwich"
i too have ADHD, Modafinil has worked out for me, i was able to concentrate on my lectures without getting distracted by people talking or the echo of the classroom. i also like that you don't get addicted like other anfetamine derivatives, i usually take it whenever I need to be productive or get something done and if I don't need it, i can go without it. of course consult a psychiatrist first
I've been focalin since I was in the second grade and its amazing
Paying for health in america💀. Free healthcare in Canada 👌👍🏻
Theres this kid in my algebra class (who has adhd) and at one point he told me that, and i quote;  "i dont take my medication because i dont feel like it. I just collect it and give it to my friends sometimes."  Needless to say, i was *mortified* He also drunk water out of a Pringle's can once, he makes my life fun👍
this is why i dont take adhd meds even though i have adhd lol
I have ADHD and autism and I've been on prescription drugs for ADHD for most of my life now. I've used several meds, but so far I've liked generic long-working methylfenidate HCl (similar to Concerta I'm pretty sure) the best. That is, if I don't forget to take it. Luckily I've now reached a point where I'm not dependent on my meds to function and I basically only really need to take it on certain days when I know I have important shit to do that I need to focus on
I briefly tried ritalin when I was first diagnosed. I picked my skin so much over the course of 1 week that people thought I had chickenpox. 20 years later, I still pick compulsively, its just hidden in my scalp and ears.
See this is why I’m so scared to even try and talk to my doctor about meds. I know for a FACT I have ADHD, but I’m not in a place where I can have my life completely derailed by meds, BUT I desperately need something to change because although I can get stuff done now. Absolutely nothing is efficient, like literally rn… I’m supposed to be working on something that should have been done today… But it’s not… and I’m on a decently tight deadline schedule… help
Your animation just keeps looking better and better, and I love the portrayals of ADHD. I have it, and this was pretty funny and accurate.
Dancing Cow makes me happy :)
Adderall has been a godsend for me personally, but I can *definitely* relate to how it worked for you. I only want to do what I love to do off my meds, but Adderall allows me to get the shit done that I also need to do in order to be a functional human, like doing laundry, taking out the trash, doing dishes, prepping my meals, doing homework, making flashcards, studying for exams in topics I don't necessarily enjoy, etc. Honestly the best way I can describe it is putting the stuff in my brain on a level playing field with what I want to do.
Ever since I could remember I took meds for it
Aughhhhhhhhhh
I used to take stratera and I absolutely hated it because it was those plastic-ish capsule pills and my body literally would not allow me to swallow them So my grandma popped them open and mixed them into my applesauce and now I absolutely HATE applesauce I can still taste the medicine even though I haven't taken them since elementary
Your audio is so low.
How are there already 2k comments when the video was posted 1 hour ago
Pharmacologist here: Adderall is normal Amphetamine, not Methamphetamine; The two have a different strength and duration of effect. Vyvanse is also regular old Amphetamine, but as a prodrug. It's the fancy way of creating a new sustained-release form of an existing med and allowed pharma to patent it again;  So basically, you tried Amphetamine twice and it didn't quite work out for you; A milder stimulant may be more suited and can help better with focus in particular without having as many side effects, i.e. Methylphenidate (Ritalin) or Guanfacine (Intuniv). Alternatively, there are also antidepressants that share the effect of norepinephrine reuptake with ADHD medication: Bupropion, Venlafaxine and Nortriptylin.  No matter the choice, some additional coaching or development of skills in order to direct that focus may be necessary though. Meds can't magically solve all your problems, but they can get you to a point where you can competently handle them yourself with some effort.
I used to take concerta, but it made me not feel like me, if that makes sense.
Oh shit he just described my average day. Does making really detailed drawings of things when im supposed to be paying attention in class count as a symptom? 😐
Although  I had ADHD my whole life I didn't start taking meds until I was 20. They put me on 70mg of Vyvanse. I felt it carve a path through my brain. Months after I stopped taking it I could feel my brain take the Vyvanse path. Oh anyone else not able to turn their head while taking it? Like no joke my brain would only let me look straight ahead.
the out of breath thing might have been a heart issue. I know someone that had that happen when on vyvanse & when they when to the doctor they found out that their heart was just vibrating instead of actually beating & they basically just told him not to take it anymore. So, you probably did the right thing xD medication is so complicated because finding the right meds & dosage is such a pain :U
For anyone wondering the name of the video in the beginning (like I was some moments ago) just look up Polish Cow
Adderall and Vyvanse is the same medication essentially with an altered delivery system. The Vyvanse was probably too high of a dose. The outcome is heavily dose dependent.
As someone who takes both Viavance and Adderal, I would say Vyvanse is way more helpful. It's just that you need to be working on what you need to be doing before it kicks in.
Here's something you can do that may work. I don't necessarily have ADHD (maybe I do, but no official diagnosis), but I do suffer from chronic procrastination problems.  The fix that I use that does work is honestly just brute force it. Even if your mind is on something else, just force yourself to stay focused on the one thing until you get a reasonable amount of it done.
I was on Vyvanse for awhile, and it was great when I was in school! But the side effects were just awful. I was cold, jittery, Loss of appetite, high heart rate, and so on. I was on 70 mg every morning straight. I didn't know I could space it out and take 2 to 3 pills  periodically throughout the day. However, my PC doctor will not prescribe it to me if my resting heart rate is above 115. And I'm constantly at a like a 95-100. So you know. And so, I want to get a Psychologist(?) To help me also figure out what works because my mind is racing, MY MIND IS RACING. So anyway
Your last video on this made me realise I might have ADHD so thanks 😄
1:57 at least it's still...kinda there, mine is in a coffin in the dusty corner ;-;
god i wish that were me
Yoooooo polish cow #polishpride
I got back on adderall for a while after my straterra stopped cause it was negatively affecting me, and now there's a national shortage, and I won't be back on it again for like 2 months estimate.  the :/ is intense rn. the :/ is really . im really feeling the :/  it was helping me so much! now it's gone!
I personally take Brillia, it’s supposed to help with all the symptoms of ADHD, for me it mostly helps with my anxiety, focus, and jitteriness, but don’t ever take medication with caffeine it can make the effects not work or worse. Also this video feels like a relatable fever dream ‘,3
Little brother I am 52 being diagnosed with ADHD, this was informative and could be helpful for me and others in the future. You’re brave to talk openly about this. There is a theory that ADHD is a lifelong response from childhood trauma. I’ve been going through counseling and I discovered Dr. Sanjay Gupta through my therapist and it gives me some insight , but it is a theory. It does make astounding sense for my life experience though. Keep evolving, that’s the only requirement…right?
Your original video is one the reasons I started researching on ADHD and eventually get diagnosed! Thanks a lot for sharing these personal stories
I love the incredibly distracted hyper Andy
i've been undiagnosed my whole life but i've known i had adhd for the last 8 years or so. i don't know if i wanna try meds for several reasons but i honest to god wish i could feel what it's like to have that 'ability to be able to' so bad even just for once. i genuinely have never felt that way before, it's always been the cycle of no focus no productivity spending the whole day doing nothing and hoping the next day is better. i also have bad anxiety regarding medications in general and doctors so it feels like a nightmare that i don't even wanna start, i feel like i could feel so torn. despite not knowing what will happen i thank the algorithm for showing me this, at least i feel less alone!!!
I love watching this while playing a game on my phone and playing roblox and drawing all at the same time!
this guys so entertaining 🦔❄
My experience wasn’t so much “out of breath” aa “sudden spike in pulse and a deafening heartbeat.” Switched to another med, which didn’t work at ALL, switched BACK to vyvanse and then it never happened again.
Bro, you just used meds to unlock two of ADHD's other features: productive procrastination, and hyperfocus.  Therapy may teach you to direct those in useful directions, but I find it hilarious that you took ADHD meds and just got... More ADHD.
0:16 brief pipe falling sound effect
Polish cow song is best
It’s crazy how many people have medical conditions now, there are so many conditions, I personally have asthma, pica, and severe ADHD symptoms. We sure have come far from saying “eh it’s probably nothing” 😂
I take Vyvanse
I hate ADHD I hate when im in class and i we are doing something easy something that i could easily do and then i just get distracted then i start thinking then i think of different things then all the time is gone and it repeates for other classes and i have abunch of homework then i dont even do the homework cause i get distracted and then i have to get my failing classes up which iss easy cause the stuff is easy to do for me but it takes me a while because i get distracted and then the whole thing repeats and i hope i have good grades by the end of the year
I'm not sure if I do have ADHD since I can do a lot of things, but I also have symptoms of ADHD. I was on meds for that, and all it did was make me not hungry during the day but during the night. I still have that to this day.
Thanks for reminding me to unsubscribe. Done
I love the animal crossing sound effects!!
Goodrx allows me to get my $200 adhd meds for $25. With or without insurance
If you are willing to put in the effort and money, try cognitive training/therapy if there are any good ones in your area! Rather than it being a cure to ADHD it's just an active training of cognitive skillsets that can help you in how you adapt to your ADHD. Spoken from 6 years of master level cognitive training :)
I got taken off of my meds and seeing your experience with ADHD makes me realize I should probably figure out a way to get back on them
1:20 is exactly me 💀
oh dang, he just like me frfr
i was on ritalin for two years and when i started grad school i had trouble transferring my care (thanks ivy league) so i was unmedicated for two months. last week i started adderall and the first day my body was basically shocked by the medication and i was awake for 24 hrs straight, took a 2hr nap from 8-10am, and was awake again for another 16 hours after that. i wasnt even tired. its settled now but adhd medication is a JOURNEY, so worth it though because without it i definitely would have dropped out of grad school already
🍕also,  i didn't focus on the video, i was playing a game
I'm ADHD too, but was diagnosed WAY young, so I've been taking concerta for most of my life. I'm lucky that it's mostly worked for me (though it does make me Not Hungry all the time) but yeah if I don't take it for a while and then take them again, I start getting those symptoms too. Good luck, I hope you find a solid method of managing your ADHD soon ♡
As a person with ADHD on vyvanse This is just me-
I'm also like, what am I supposed to be working on? Because there's nothing I really want to work on. I could work on something with the goal of getting what working on that thing might get me, but I still don't want to work on that thing. Like I can work on learning to code so that I could maybe get a salaried job and move into my own place etc but I that's a future thing, I need to want to do it for the sake of doing it, and then this spirals me into all the existential stuff, like where does interest come from? Is everyone just doing things for the sake of doing them? Or are people just better at being able to get into things than me?
Meds are always a tricky thing, and I'm glad your experience ended with you being okay.
My adhd brain the whole time  👁👄👁 Yes Also anyone else forget to take your medication because you didn’t take your medication before because you forgot
My ADHD is All at once, or nothing at all. I want to watch this video, but nooooo, 1 minute in my brain latched on to the Polish Cow Dance and I wasted the next 20 minutes going down the rabbit hole of Polish Cow Dance, then shutting down for the next 40. At least I found my way back here lol
It’s crazy that this was posted today,  as I’m going to get checked out tomorrow morning by a doc because I’ve had a lot of the same symptoms for awhile. I always denied it being ADHD assuming I would’ve been diagnosed as a kid if I did. But it’s just gotten to the point that it’s interfered with every aspect of my life. This was super helpful to see as I also have been worried about taking any medication and what might be best for me. Also, the video starts with a polish cow and I’m polish 💀 just crazy how the universe works sometimes
same
As someone with adhd  Yeah it sucks That’s it that’s the quote  Read more
Next time you go to talk to your psych, ask if you could get a GeneSight test done. So many people have gotten amazing results with medication and you might be able to get that help too. If you’d like to look into it more it’s run by Myriad Genetics
Bro made sure we were ok before the sponsor!
He is still wholesome but he seems to slowly kidnapping more and more subscribaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa…. Edit: do not worry he, I mean I am totally fine.
to second the DO NOT DO THAT part, i used to be medicated for adhd and also had problems (wasnt able to focus, had no emotions at all for some reason, could not sleep and disassociated a lot more) and also just stopped taking them .... which sent me into a manic episode for like 2 weeks and my body felt like shit for a few days! turns out doing that can sometimes kill u lol
As someone who has been trying to deal with ADHD for a while  now, I'm surprised nausea wasn't bought up at all in this video. I've taken several over the years and I've always had issues with that side effect to each of my meds. With all meds I've taken I've either had a feeling of something at the back of my throat making me gag all the way to actually throwing up afterwards. The only thing that helps with this issue is eating a lot when I do take the meds, but even then I'll get a weird feeling in the back of my throat sometimes that makes me think I'm gonna be sick. Its not as bad anymore since I moved onto new meds since I left school at a lower dose, but I still get that feeling when I talk. I think the meds I'm on are called delsomart or something like that. I'll have to check.
Also, your friend is a total knob... Lisdexamfetamine is still an amphetamine. Go look up the chemical difference between the two. Any medication used to "treat" ADD or ADHD... is just meth. A different variant...sure, but still meth. Lab grade amphatemine is cheap to produce, and it can be mass manufactured.  Woudl you be surprised if I told you the street stuff comes in just as many experiences?  If you are struggling with ADD or ADHD, he might not convince or disuade you, but I will. Don't take pills. If your parents have you on pills, make a concerted effort to have them take you off the medication, or do not take it. You are bombarding your system with a chemical that alters the way your brain receives dopamine.  When you complete something while on the medication... that satisfaction you feel, is only going to increase the dependency on the medication.  ... the pharmaceutical giants are there for profits, not your health, we mastered general health  long time ago, now the game is;   1. think of a new group of symptoms we can train kids in college to identify.  2. pay for studies to make it look like a problem,  3. when the students graduate they can start diagnosing. 4. you can start "developing a drug" now and then have it ready to pump out 5. after that just let some of those college kids go on to write books that will change the curriculum to where this is the new norm. 6. Profit.  ADD/ADHD don't exist. You lack discipline, and I will asy it as many times as I need to. It's truly incidieous for a doctor to tell someone they have a mental disorder based on physical properties they felt qualified to diagnose even though there was no propper scientific measurement applied.  It's called, "the placebo effect", the longer you go on telling yourself, "I have this and I'm struggling with it", the longer you will struggle with it, and the longer you will have it. This is one of the reason smokers find it so hard to quit smoking.
I'm on Adderall which as you may know has been going through a national shortage. I have been off my meds for over a week now. Send help.
I was diagnosed with ADHD in like 2nd grade (12ish years ago) so I started taking a medication. I don't remember what it was (I probably never knew in the first place, I didn't pay attention to most things), but after upping the dosage a couple times over the next few years, I eventually got to a certain dosage that would make me feel EXACTLY like the out of breath, tight chest, can't breathe, feeling-of-impending-doom. I've only met one other person who had had that same reaction. Interesting.  Also, It would always happen like mid-afternoon. I would be totally fine for the whole day, and then around 5ish I would have a panic attack cause I couldn't breathe, and then like half an hour later, I'd be fine again.
my adhd is absolutely killing me in school
Could anyone share their experience with adhd meds AND cognitive behavioral therapy. Your video is defintley knowlegable on some expectations with those pills. It makes sense. I learned therapy and meds help a ton! otherwise figuring out how to adapt and form habits on ur own seem difficult.
I’m personally in aderall and it’s the thing that makes me exist most days. The biggest this is it helped with my social anxiety. To anyone with ADHD, I’d strongly suggest talking to your doctor about at least trying medication if you struggle with symptoms.
1:10 I love how the captions just stop
Thank you for this info I want to talk to my doc for meds! I just want to feel for myself what it is to think clearly. also unsub? Wut?
Don’t worry, I have something that my parents used to call “ severe ADHD” :>
ADHD moment that I'm watching this instead of making dinner
Having a ADD or and ADHD its tough I been with this shit since I was a kid and ....yea but I take medicine and it helps a lot
Think I have adhd
I can relate to this 1000%. It is so annoying trying to do anything productive at all when I keep getting sidetracked in my own thoughts. I would end up forgetting what I was even supposed to be doing in the first place. Then try to do something else, and then I end up staring outside my window questioning my life, which turns into me going into my fridge and eating shredded cheese out of the bag. Very productive indeed
This is actually informative but also funny at the same time. Great video, great cartoons, and great knowledge. So funny how it was once difficult for someone to do things and is somehow is able to.
I scrubbed the skin off my hands the meds affected me weird as a kid.
My meds just make my skin feel fucked up 😞
I’ve been taking Concerta, and it helps. Really made my appetite go down, but that is a good thing because I usually eat myself sick.   When I first started taking it I felt like a zombie. But the feeling quickly passed. I use the extended release version.
Good to know that this isn’t an isolated incident with meself. I started to think that maybe I didn’t have adhd and was just taking straight up meth for nothing
I didn't think I'd see dancing Polish Cow 😂
As someone with ADHD and have taken both Adderall and Vyvanse, I must say this. The medications are tools, not a solution. They both allow you to essentially take control of the hyperfocus aspect of ADHD and direct it somewhere else. HOWEVER, it will not do the job for you. You yourself (in the general sense) need to have the willpower to prioritize which tasks need to be done. Making lists and having schedules are still needed even if you're medicated. The medication helps you focus, but you have to choose where that focus goes.  As for the sickly feeling. Idk, yo body don't like you I guess.
I had the same thing with way too much focus on Concerta, it turns out I just need a  really low dosage to have a normal brain ability to both move and hold my focus as needed
You are definitely one of my favorite animators!! I never ever will rank my favorite animators, so you are in first place with Theodd1sOut and Jaiden Animations!!! I love ur videos and I'm ur biggest fan!!!!<3
I am adhd, on Vyvance, and hoooooo boi, Adderall was not it for me for very different reasons. I was on Ritalin from childhood to college though. I only changed because Vyvance lasts in my system longer
I love vyvanse!!!!! It totally works for me. It’s great!!!!!! I feel like it helps so much for my school day! It’s definitely perfect for me;)
Ghehehehe ADHD go brrr- Stretchy goofy silly brain ehehe
Y'know, I used to take Vyvanse, and iirc, it's related to Speed. I would rather frequently have an upset stomach and my heart would beat unusually hard, so I stopped taking it.
IMPORTANT: you should take Concerta, it has both concentration and productivity effects, while the breathless and headache reactions are minimal.
Meds work differently with other people the kind you took might not be right. I take concerta and it works really well, although it is pretty expensive 😅
I have really bad ADHD (Not as bad now that I'm an adult), but when I was a kid, it was horrible. I was on Ritalin which helped me calm down, but it didn't help me focus much (A little but not enough). I hated it though because this was when parents started going off about how meds like that are bad, meanwhile I'm thinking, "Hey, I'm the one that has to deal with this excessive energy and lack of focus, why not let me be the judge of that?" I still have a ton of trouble focusing, I mean hell, I started playing with an empty cup while watching this.   Also I'm not saying this to be a punchline, but I literally got distracted while typing this and I forgot what my initial point was.
I hate having adhd because i feel dumb, but i love talking to my friends about it
1:57 I almost spit out my drink that caught me so off guard 😂
I have been on Vyvanse for fifteen years. It does wonders for me. Hopefully you figure out what works best for you!
I used to have a friend/co-worker with pretty severe ADHD, it was always interesting to show up to work and see if he'd taken his medication that morning
Zeke Yeager is one of your friends 🤡 And he has ADHD too 😭🤡
5 grams of coke, fly away alone 0:12
I take Vyvanse and it's fantastic for me :) but yeah the dosing is wild and it took literal years for my brain to get used to it and for me to find the proper dosage
ADHD people should start be less relatable i'm starting to get worried
I'm starting to think I have ADHD
I got taken off of my ADHD meds when i was young, not sure if it helped or not but here I am:)
Yall when ice cream sandwich uploads its gonna me good
Ice cream wouldn’t have the guts to shout out me
I love the intro with all my might
This was my exact experience, nostalgic
I have ADHD and went to Catholic school so to them I had no problem I was just LAZY!
yes
I LOVE THE POLISH COW RAP
the way you draw your brain is cute
The volume is rly low for some reason
i have meds and they dont work
Medication isn't the solution for everyone. At the very least, it can be a tool in your tool belt in order to set the foundations for success. Another tool includes accommodating your habits. (Have trouble remembering a basic task? Put an object related to said task physically in your way. Things like that.) A great resource I'd recommend is "How to ADHD" here on YouTube.
In my experience meds are hit or miss and dependent on who you ar, if your not comfortable with how you feel on the meds don't feel like you shouldn't try anything else. If you dont like meds there is a thing called psychotherapy, from what i understand its learning to deal with it with the help of a phycologist.  Ive taken Vyvanse for about a year now, one of my biggest suggestions is to eat a good bit before taking it, how much i eat effects how hard and quickly the meds hit.            When it comes to all the meds ive taken they have never done what people say they do, as in making it easier to do whatever you want, i find they more so keep you on track to whatever your doing. That said you relly have to be vigilant of what your doing and why, getting yourself to change tasks to do what you need can be hard but once you get through the beginning its all about keeping it going.             Im pretty Shure the out of breath thing is cause by the body producing norepinephrine, wish is why your hands and feet can get kind of cold (this can also cause your little fella to get even smaller temporarily). If you have serious effects like what he said in the vid you should talk to your doctor.  If you are gonna take a new med look into its effects look up other peoples experiences/ask people you know who take it to give you tips on how to handle the effects.  Im not a medical professional so this is all from experience.
JUSTICE FOR COMPY >:(
I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and focusing is a serious problem for me and I want something to be done about it but I’m already on so much medication for other mental issues that we’re just not doing anything about it lol
Glad I'm not the only one that was sucked in by the polish cow the past few days lol
Ight I'mma unsubscribe... I'm- _not_ already subscribed? Well, then I guess I'll do the opposite...  Hey! I have ADHD too! I take meds like-.......... 🧠☠ _Dang memory and/or stupid names..._ uh idk. But it's a blue pill and a pink/white tablet(swallow with water). It prevents me from being VERY hyper and in response, very unable to focus. I started taking meds when I hit my head and cried sometime in 1st or 2nd grade. And there was this one time in 3rd grade when I was taking a new pill for 2 weeks. And during those 2 weeks, only the 2 Mondays and Fridays did I have symptoms.  These include mild vomit and diarrhea. I can't be more thankful to my meds, and I probably wouldn't get here and now w/o 'em. _Now, what was the name for that dang medicine???_
as a fellow ADHD haver I can say that his description of ADHD is on point
my friend has ADHD and now I want to ask him about his experience
IceCream: Don't Forget to UNSUBSCRIBE! Me: Say no more /unsubscribe/   Also me, probably undiagnosed ADHD: oh look I'm not subscribed to IceCreamSandwich /subscribe/
I just finished rewatching the first video right as I saw this in my notifications, impeccable timing as always
I take clonidine for tourettes. It just calms your nerves a little bit and it's a super mild drug. when I first started it my doctor told me there might not be any effects because it's primarily used as blood pressure medication for pregnant women, that's how safe it's considered. Might be worth looking into for all y'all with tourettes and ADHD, definitely can't hurt unlike most other drugs that are basically anti-psychotics, which are pretty much never good for you.
God that intro song is depressing
this video was made with and without Adderall ((:
Some of the analogies you make in these ADHD videos really resonate with me thanks for the good content
I take Adderall XR. For me personally, when I started taking it (both times), I initially got a surge of physical productivity like you mentioned. So much cleaning got done. That rush mellowed out into less physical productivity and more mental focus. It's not perfect, and not a cure-all, but it really helps me to be generally functional. I still have bad days, and I still have to rely really heavily on habits and other tricks. The medication doesn't fix my problems, it just helps me manage them.   However, finding the medication and dosage can definitely be a pain, and it really does depend on the individual. Even certain off-brands can have wildly different effects. Pharmacy gave me a different off-brand without telling me and it made me feel horrible. I got all the side-effects and none of the benefits. After I figured out what it was, I happened to talk to someone else with ADHD that experienced the same thing, but where off-brand A treated me well and off-brand B made me miserable, the opposite was true for him.   I hope you find something that works well for you, whether it is or isn't medication.
I once took Adhd meds, but it was a bad experience, and I'm still not entirely sure what actually happened I was in Elementary school at the time and got diagnosed, then they gave me medication. I'm not sure what it was called or really anything about it at all. I just know I took it, and went to school. Then for the entire day I just remember feeling really damn depressed. Just really sad. Eventually the teachers found me crying behind a tree for no reason and my mom took me home. Never again did I take any meds I'm doing well enough without meds so whatever  I'm just still confused what happened
my parents took me off the medicine after they saw my personality changed and i was acting emotionless
video was very quiet for me. i think the audio should have been louder. i like your videos :)
I use Concerta. I lose my appetite when i do though.
Andy, Adhd to Adhd, this is so veggie-topping-pizza of a relatable video. Right now, I am literally losing focus of writing this comment.
Concerta gang rise up
This came out while I was training my,dog
All ADHD and ADD meds are practically Meth.
tommyinnit
Butter, milk, cheese NO bomb defusion classes
i had adha and i had methylphenidate i dont take any med no more
You're also obsessed with polish cow???
Me who eat meds but feels more bored
I just got diagnosed with ADD and just got my medication, and I was scared to try it but this made me feel better about trying the medication
so where was the part when you got diagnosed and your actual doctor gave you medicine.    you went to the grocery because you thought you had adhd and got some shitty shit medicine? what is going on here?
I’ve been ADHD since I was a fetus, and I never took meds. I just learned behavior modification and when to know when my ADHD is kicking in so I can refocus myself. So far so good!
As someone that has gone though at least 5 different ADHD meds, I understant the struggle, a couple months ago I had my meds switched again to I believe it's call intunif, or something that sounds like that, and it's been working incredibly well for me
I think I've taken like 3 different medications for my ADHD. I don't exactly remember the name of the first 2 since those were like 4 to 5 years ago now, but those ones either affected my appetite so much that I literally just wouldn't eat throughout the day, or would give me crazy mood swings. I've been on Focalin for about 3 or 4 years and I've had no adverse reactions or experienced any side-effects (that I've noticed.)
Pls spare my computer I just wanted to watch a cow meme 😭
I wanna go back to the cow video
Just a story, don't let it affect your personal perception of Adderall: I got diagnosed in 2nd grade with ADHD, and they decided the best course of action was to medicate me. They decided to use Adderall, which I can understand in hindsight. I mean, if my problem is that I'm doing nothing in class then a pill that enables doing is a perfect concept. It would have been great...if they didn't start me on an adult dosage at 7 or 8 years old. I felt absolutely miserable whenever I took it, and my dumb baby brain didn't have the ability to articulate that bad feeling to anyone who could affect change. It also gave me unaliving ideation. Perfect for a 2nd grader, right? Anyway, after about a month of trying to find a way to not live without inconveniencing anyone I had the actual literal best idea; STOP TAKING THE MEDICATION THAT WAS MAKING ME WANT TO NOT LIVE. So I did. And now I have  *T R A U M A*  and don't trust brain medication. Long story short, don't give kids adult doses of brain altering chemicals. That's a bad.
I have adhd
that stupid polish cow song is constantly in my brain 25/8 it is never silent in there 🐄
I just started taking medication for my adhd today (Ritalin to be specific) and I’m a bit nervous since I’ve heard that everyone reacts a little differently to it, and it’s not as efffective as adderall or Vyyanse. I’m currently a high school senior and I’ve always struggled with procrastinating things until I panicked, and then hyper focusing on it. That, along with being very forgetful, head in the clouds, and having auditory processing issues (as well as being very emotional, although I’m less now), convinced me to seek a diagnosis. My pediatrician screened me, and told me I definitely had adhd. I still have doubts about it sometimes, but when I’m sitting in class and cannot for the life of me pay attention and my mind blanks out when working on anything, I remember why I seeked a diagnosis in the first place.  I’m very glad my parents allowed me to get medicated since they were very skeptical about any non-natural treatments. Just to clarify, even when medicated, it’s important to make sure you do other things that will also help, like sleeping (which I really should be trying to get more of myself), drinking water, and exercising. The worst part is constantly feeling like you aren’t living up to your potential, and realizing that you will never have the same ability that neurotypicals have to just do basic stuff on the daily. But I’m learning to accept it more, and viewing it as a different way of processing the world around me :)
As someone who has in the past had to deal with nasty medication side-effects leading to a need to promptly discontinue those meds, as well as difficulty contacting prescribing doctors in a timely manner, I'd highly recommend trying your luck in such circumstances with contacting your pharmacist, if that's an option for you. The options available to a pharmacist aren't necessarily the same as those available to a doctor, but they're usually pretty knowledgeable and, in my experience at least, willing to help the best they can.  Tell them your situation (you're on med X, experiencing negative reaction Y, and believe that you need to stop the med), and ask for advice on how to proceed safely. Some meds are fine to stop cold turkey.  Some aren't.  Your pharmacist should know which are which (and I've had some doctors who didn't), and the general shape of a safe path off the difficult ones.  And even if you do end up needing a prescribing doctor to sign off on a new prescription to smooth your path, your pharmacist _might_ be able to help make that happen.  YMMV, not-a-doctor, etc
His videos used to be funny
dancing cow
As someone with ADHD, I always get distracted. My mind is always thinking of like 7 things every minute, and when one thing leads to another, and then another and another and I eventually forgot what the first thing even was.
Try strattera for mild adhd it works wonders for me.
Try Guanfacine. It's a non stimulant medication for ADHD. It helps with focus , and has an added benefit of reducing anxiety. I take it and I love how it has helped me.  I also take Methylphenidate and Dexmethylphenidate. The Dex is similar to Ritalin, but works more on the focus symptoms rather than the doing stuff thingy.
You'd be surprised to know... Practicing self-discipline and constructively criticizing yourself internally when you loose focus is far more productive than METH.
I also have ADHD and im dumb ,stupid and an idiot😅
👁👄👁💅
i watch through the sponsored segments here, because they're actually worth watching xD
I was diagnosed as a child and I now know that I definitely have ADHD I can barely focus on one thing, voices are constantly talking to myself, and I only like doing thing I want to do.
Try having Schizophrenia and  Asperger syndrome with medication. My brain is always off, I sleep pretty much half the day and fell like a zombie all throughout the day. I am so unproductive because I am too tired to be productive. I am trying to get off a couple of the meds on my next meeting with my doctor. Just be careful what you take because you may not fell like yourself in the end of it.
3:14 *Mario Party 6 background music*    🥺
"Adderall is essentially meth, try Vyvanse instead. It's not quite the same thing as meth, so it's ok." So, they're both amphetamines, and powerful ones at that. With similar structures to meth.  I am on Vyvanse, and was pushed from multiple medications to Vyvanse over a long period of years. Vyvanse is what works best for me, but it sure as hell has it's drawbacks. In my situation, the downsides of ADHD are worse than the downsides of the medication.
Yeah, meds never worked well for me, but everyone is different - and I found out when I was older that I was autistic as well, which doesn’t help matters 😂
ANOTHER ANOTHER FUN FACT!!!!  ADD and ADHD people have something called, specific memory forgetfulness. Despite its name, it actually means quite the opposite. We have trouble remembering events with generic things, but we can remember specific minute details of those events.  For example, I could forget what happened during a concert, but I can remember that the concert was on a Tuesday, that it had 2 songs that drew a really loud applause, that there was a guy who flipped out of his seat and no one noticed, and that there was a guy with an actual candle.  Another example is, there was a murder in the neighborhood. I forget what happened during the day, but I remember that there was specifically 4 loud shots from a .45 ACP. (Yep, i identified the bullet type by the sound it made.)  Cool stuff when you think about it.   Also, we can comprehend extensive subjects that range from many things, to something super specific.
Video is quieter than normal
I love your videos! Woooo!!
Honestly I've found meds generally involve trial and error before finding the thing that matches your brain. Being on guard for negative side-effects is also important, and like... if you start thinking thoughts/having moods that are out of character + detrimental.   Seen a couple people be like 'I tried two med types and they weren't right, therefore no medication could possibly help me'. I think it took me 4 tries, changing doctors, and genetic testing before I really figured out what was up. Even then dosage has shifted as understanding got clearer. Doing buttloads better, but it's been a process.
FFfffffOcUsss
Hey I have been diagnosed with ADHD since I was like 4 and I have only use one med. Its antomoxetine the thing is that the effect won’t be in 1-2 hours it takes weeks to see the effect but in my experience it works perfectly.
Adhd medicine* needs me. (spare me a fellow* symptomer)
:3
True
Wanting desperately for something, anything to work is unfortunately relatable. Not just for ADHD but for a lot of things. My desperation in particular was depression, specifically the exhaustion caused by depression. It was so bad that I felt like I could collapse and die in my every waking moment. I tried literally every medication and I even took this genetic test to inform my psychiatrist how my body processes various medications for various mental illnesses (the one I did was Genesight if anyone was curious). Thankfully after 7 years, trying 15+ medications, and going to a different psychiatrist I FINALLY found one that worked. Is it perfect? No. I still have side effects that I have to contend with and I'm still tired most of the day. But it's a huge step up from my nearly debilitating exhaustion.
I do have to ask, what was your eating habits while you were taking the Vyvanse? It's a appetite suppressant, just as much as it's a ADHD medication. The symptoms you described sound like potential malnutrition, due to the previously mentioned side effect. Not saying to get back on the medication, but to look back and see if that potentially could be the cause.
I got diagnosed with adult ADHD a few years ago, and am lucky that taking generic Adderall has really changed my life for the better. Thank you for sharing your experiences!
Meds, in my personal opinion, are not fun. It's like lightning trapped in a bottle. You feel as if you need or want to do this and that and that and also this, but you're too timid to try anything. It makes a normally loud and excitable person very quiet and conserved. To its benefit, it makes the person EXTREMELY productive, especially when it comes to (like you said) physical and like logical things (math, problem solving, etc.) but during free time, you don't really know what to do with yourself. You kinda try to have fun, but it all feels hollow and fake. There's too much on your mind. Also, that thing you said about sitting down and actually thinking about things is INCREDIBLY TRUE. It's as if all the creativity has been sucked from your brain. I stopped taking meds a little while ago, but to give credit where credit is due, I'm quite sure that without them, I wouldn't be able to focus as well as I do today. They kinda helped me get where I am. I took them throughout elementary and middle school, and now, as a high school student, I'm performing very well.
This perfectly describes ADHD for me. I take Concerta (AKA Ritalin) and when I don't take it, the exact same thing he described at 2:26 happens. I'm subscribing!
i am incapable of describing how my adhd works you did it, you crazy bastard
For the vivance thing I have that side effect with other meds
Brain chemistry is weird, cause Vyvanse made my depression worse, but generic Adderal brings me....Clarity
Unsubscribe? Ight bet
I'm jaded when it comes to ADD/ADHD diagnosis and treatment. Don't get me wrong I'm happy when people get the proper care they actually need. There was once a time when parents and doctors were diagnosing and medicating any child that didn't fall in line with ADD/ADHD.  I was a very stubborn and opinionated child so my mother shopped around until she got a doctor to diagnose and prescribe me some medication for ADD. It turned me into a figurative zombie and I hated how it made me feel. You know who else was stubborn and opinionated, my mother. I didn't have ADD, she just wanted a compliant child.
I'm a machinist and I have ADHD. It's fun.
Am I the only one who thinks his animation style kinda is different than other vids or is that just me?
Coincidence I got mine today.
hi
Omg I got my diagnosis like 2 weeks ago and started my meds today! I can only hope it works cause after 20 years of feeling lazy, stupid and hopeless it would really be cool to try something new for a while.
I mean I am diagnosed with ADHD and before I had to get off meds I was taking Ritalin and it really helped out, I had the focusing problems as well.
My moms thinking abt putting me on meds but my fear is becoming a zombie LMAO
When I was in elementary I found out that I had ADHD. It was an eye opener because I knew why I couldn’t focus, but I also didn’t want it I guess 😂. I ended up taking the medication to treat it. I didn’t have a pleasant experience. I felt something but since I was young I couldn’t pinpoint what it was. I didn’t feel like it was me who was focusing. I don’t take it anymore, but I hope no one else felt that way I just thought I’d share my experience. 😅
GUh
I really just want to encourage that your experience with Medication is super valid. I was lucky enough to be diagnosed with ADHD from a very young age and had the ability to take various kinds of medication in a relatively safe environment. I would say to keep trying other medications and find the one that works best for you. I would also advise to find a medical professional to give you focusing techniques. I went to a place when I was young that spent time teaching me how to manage my ADHD with and without medication.
Anyone else also sweat when they are on vyvance?? I swear my pits are like a faucet when I take it.
This is so cute
From my experience it seems like you need a non stimulant, I took Strattera and it was absolutely stellar, I'm hyper sensitive to meds as well.
Num num.... pills taste like garbage
I have adhd and half way threw i just started saying mem meh baeb beb bab chch, adhd sucks :[
Great video ICS! UNSUBSCRIBED.
you made me sweat so hard every time you kept removing the dancing cow song....and then added it again for a brief second.. ADHD is such an adventure
for me, I'm taking meds. they do work, but not enough, so I'm always ending up doing, well this, instead of the things I need to do.
i am 100% sure i have undiagnosed ADHD. literally every example you gave i do.
I hate taking meds, im taking adderall (i take one and a half tablets,,help) and whenever it kicks jn my heart for some reason goes rlly fast, ive tried to tell my mom this and shes like “just take one tablet” excuse me it happens whenever i take adderall!!! >:( i feel like i dont need it but i havent taken any other meds so like 🤷
I have adhd so I know exactly how this feels.
I just took my meds for the day, thank you so much for this! My dad has recently been trying to learn more about ADHD and wanted to understand better how things work and how one could help with the difficulties involved. It’s a continuous journey, not a one-time result so…trust the process. Keep going, everyone!
Being someone who’s been on Focalin XR for the better part of 20 years. I would say it’s the best mix between Vyvanse and Adderall. Yes you zone in with it but you aren’t totally zoned in that you forget about the world happening around you.
As someone who's been taking ADHD meds for a few years and just recently upped the dosage, I constantly felt called out throughout the video, but I kept watching because it was hilarious because of how personal it felt. And also the animation style is fun.
I think i am adhd indeeds.
I have recently started with ADHD meds, taking a variant of Adderall. I have had a really similar experience. I have found that I also have a great ability to focus, both on physical and mental tasks, but I have not gained a matching discipline to focus on the correct tasks. I often find myself researching a ton about a topic I find interesting. One day when my mechanical pencil broke I spent 3 hours researching what replacement I wanted.   There was one day when I took my morning dose too late, and my afternoon dose to early (each one lasts 4-6 hours). The overlapping doses gave me so much focus that I started to get anxious.  Over the last few months I have been adapting to this new kind of focus, and now focusing on the right task feels like switching tracks. Going from one task to another is difficult, but once I arrive actually focusing on the task is easy.  Generally just stopping a medication is not a good idea, but specifically with Adderall, and probably most other ADHD meds, it's not a problem. Adderall does not permanently alter any brain functions. Instead it acts as a stimulant, similar to caffeine. So suddenly stopping taking it is not an inherently bad thing.
I tried Adderall and Vyvanse before, Adderall made me have a mental breakdown about who I was medicated vs not medicated after 4 years, Vyvanse started putting me in downward spirals of negativity after 3 years, now I've chosen unmedicated ADHD
I’m really grateful for this type of content. It’s helping me a lot with recognising my symptoms and discovering posible routes I can take. I’m glad I decided to watch this instead of work on my three projects due in two days
i am about to ask my parents if i can get tested because this is getting a little too relatable
0:02 based
This seems like a similar experience to when I first began meds for depression and anxiety. They worked, until they didn’t. Then we upped the dosage. That worked. Then it didn’t. Tried a different type. And it worked, then stoped. Rinse and repeat. Having a brain that does things differently is like a never-ending roller coaster. Boring days don’t exist.
5:46 that doesn't seem like a problem with the medication and how it works for you, it effectively did its job and helped you focus. The medication isn't going to help you focus on the correct thing, it can't really discriminate that way it just helps you FOCUS on the task you're doing. Which happened to be space and rockets. This is why therapy is also incredibly important to do alongside taking medication, since it can help you learn mechanisms to better direct yourself bc the meds aren't going to do that inherently. It's still also part self control and understanding how to direct your attention with the help of the meds quieting down the rest of your brain. It's tough!  Especially if you've gone your whole life without having this level of focus and clarity and having developed mechanisms to cope without meds. You have to learn to work with your meds, they unfortunately cannot do all the work. As you even said, they worked great as long as you primed yourself to be doing the task you needed, which is a great! But the meds weren't not working if you focused on the wrong thing, that comes down to self control and discipling yourself. Which ik sucks to hear when its constantly thrown at ppl with adhd, but there is some level of self control we have to exert even when on meds. Just like neurotypical ppl also have to learn to self manage.  When I take my meds there are def days I get distracted and then bc I'm on my meds I get distracted VERY intensely and go down rabbit holes until the meds wear off. I have to learn to be able to catch myself doing this, and sometimes I can catch myself earlier than other times! Sometimes I can tell myself we're putting a pin in this and I have to focus my attention on what I need to do.   It sounds like the Adderall helped remove alot of executive dysfunction for you, as you said it allowed you to DO things, but not exactly focus on doing things you wanted. That also goes hand in hand with learning to self direct yourself with the meds, but Adderall also tends to just do that from my experience and others. Its great for executive dysfunction but not always the best choice for people who want to sit and study, since the Adderall can then just make them anxious to be not moving and doing things (the meth talking lmao).
Hope you figure it out and get the right meds.
is it me or is the audio for this super quiet. i had to turn my volume almost all the way up.
I don't know what hd is, but apparently I have 80 of them
When you described what adderalls affects were at first, It has definitely solidified that I should get diagnosed because the ability to do sounds nice
That cow video made it really difficult to focus on the video for a moment. I have to find it now.
I swear you are the only YouTuber who actually makes the sponsorship segment enjoyable.
I dislike ADHD
i willing sit though most ads
Holy baloney you explained EXACTLY my experience with Vyvance. Only thing is that I have been taking it since I was a kid so I just got use to the side Effects but the whole loosing your breath thing is something I never realized until you mentioned it. It’s like you can’t take a full breath. We also think it stunted my growth. I’m 5’8-5’9 but my dad is like 6 foot. I haven’t taken it in a while but when I need a day to clean my house I take it. It is safe?…maybe not BUT my house spotless by the end of the day.
I take what's called Adzenys, it's not very common but works well for me.
why was it bad to stop taking the meds?
*translates your funny polish dancing cow*
I got diagnosed with it when I was I think like eight or nine? Had never had to take a pill before then so I couldn’t even swallow it right, had to put the pellets into applesauce for months until I figured out how to down it with water or milk or hell even yogurt Raised the dosage over the years as I got further through school, finally “grew” enough in the latter half of high school that I more or less phased out of the main problems with le brain and could stop taking the medicine for good
1 month supply of adderall XR for me without insurance was $890.  With insurance was $10.  In 2019, my insurance company no longer covered my medication.  I had been on it for almost 10 years.  I was suddenly cut off cold Turkey from medication.  I confess, that was a very long and painful first few months.  It took almost 6 months for me to feel somewhat “normal”.  I still struggle at times to stay focused and remember what I read (I’m an engineer, reading and remembering is critical).  ADHD is a manageable issue but it takes time and understanding about how your brain processes information.   Good luck out there.
Andy you gotta get a therapist on board with you. Meds without cognitive behavioral therapy is the tea, also take a smaller dose of vyvanse or literally try any other kind of stimmy. Adderall and Vyvanse are very similar.
holding an ice cream sandwich rn, love your vids. the top of your head tastes great.
I have ADHD and my life is a torture chamber full of random good or bad chaos
God the adhd brain people are so accurate
ANOTHER FUN FACT!   The ADD and ADHD brain is actually more productive than any other brains. The problem is is that it either over focuses or has trouble multitasking. It also doesn't like doing tasks that can be seen as a minor inconvenience or interruption as to what it wants to actually do.  For example I could play video games all day long, but I have trouble focusing on making videos about those games.  It takes time and conditioning, but eventually you can operate with meds. It just takes time.
Theres 3 types of ADHD, theres hyperactive, attentive, and combined. What do you have?
I took concerta in school and for the first while it helped me but removed most emotional response and by highschool it gave me bad anxiety and stress.
Word of advice, try conserta, I have adhd, and that’s what I take, it may be worth a try
I've gotta say, you might want to try out some martial arts courses. Specifically the ones that are less combat focused. I would suggest Okinawan Go-Ju, but any of the old styles that focus on breathing helped a ton. Do it long enough, and you can notice when you're doing the things you're not supposed to be doing. And you get some good exercise.
OH MY GOD the meds can mess you up really bad, it was half the reason I quit my job for a while and now I have no idea what I'm supposed to do about the issues lol
I love ice cream sandwich vids. They always make me smile
I've been craving a new Ice Creams Sandwich video for days now  Also I have ADHD  Edit: I typed this comment and then forgot to actually watch the video 🥲
can we talk about that absolute banger of a song at the start
banana
8min long video just to tell us to not do drugs
Ohey I take Vyvanse! It's pretty wacky but also pretty cool. It did help me realize that not only my mind was wacky but so was my body.  I totally relate to being super hyper-fixated on whatever you are doing when it kicks in-- that's normal. I didn't realize that's what it did until I realized that I was watching seasons of a show without getting up. But I found scheduling my day and setting alarms for new tasks I needed to do was enough to get me going and peel myself away from what I was working on.  I have moderate ADD / ADHD, and my record was enough to warrant getting it, but my psychiatrist suggested it for how effective it can be as an anti-depressant. It works pretty well in that! I would often find that whenever it actually started it's effects, I would feel extremely happy like I couldn't do anything wrong, and then I was just left with a positive feeling throughout the rest of the day, kinda like I was really light on my feet. That is until it's effects went away and I went back to feeling blue again, oftentimes feeling worse.  (That's normal for a lot of antidepressants too-- The return to normal often feels worse than some remember)  The kinds of negative feelings you described, like the running and stopping feeling, headaches, and inability to sleep, those are common, too! I found that when I'm on Vyvanse (since it's also a medication that can be used to treat binge eating), I feel zero need to eat, rest, drink. You need to drink a LOT of water when on Vyvanse because it will dehydrate you really quickly. Just because the need for it isn't felt, doesn't mean it isn't there. Eat your meals at the right time, take breaks, drink water, and they tend to go away.  I also found that taking breaks from the meds was also beneficial-- Taking them too many times in a row nullified the effects, and would make the time not taking it feel significantly worse. I would often take them once on a weekday, and on the weekends. Preserves the pills (because they are immensely pricey, even with really good insurance), and makes it so the kind of discipline I felt from having it would remain for a little bit. I always wanted medication that showed me how to work with my problems, rather than just getting rid of them.  This shouldn't also be taken as a universal truth to how meds work. They have patterns, yeah, but a lot of the time, the functions are very personal and it's up to your own judgement to determine what's best!
What about practicing meditation and presence?
i recently just learned i have adhd. i havent taken any medicine. and those symptoms, ALL OF WHICH. i have the same. so i know how you feel.
On Vyvanse, sitting on my bed, holding my guitar. Watching this video. how’d I get here? Idk.
*ARBYS*
Oh yeah I take Vyvanse, it definitely does help with the focus, but outside of a very directive school environment it can be a bit of trouble
i think I have adhd but idk where to be tested by a professional 😞
what is the song at the beginning? i neeeed to know
I always wanted to be diagnosed for ADHD, but it had me wonder, is it as simple as taking a test with wires attached to your head or is it multiple visits to a medical professional. Then I start thinking about having the power or super speed so that I can complete tasks in any time I wanted.
I WOULD take Adderall for ADHD. If the pharmacy ever HAD ANY
Yooooo this explains me to a T
when i heard u cant use nord vpn on ur butt i had to see if it was true, so i got nord and turns out u can, all you need to do is *THIS MESSAGE WAS BLOCKED DUE TO IT BEING CLASSIFIED* and thats all there is to it  edit: why is it blocked D:
yeah basically every ADHD medicine is diet meth, and it flipping SUCKS i still have long term side effects of the concerta i was on after quitting it post graduation from highschool.
Listening to this made me cringe from the relatability. This is exactly how my brain works. One thing to be careful about - Adderall is similar to meth in that it is an amphetamine, but the amount of damage meth causes cannot be comparable to the stimulation and benefit Adderall has at the prescribed dosage. Meth is just bad news all around and can really cause some real damage to dopamine regulation. Don't let te fact that they're in the same "family" scare you away :) just make sure if you do consider taking Adderall to have a regimented intake so that you don't build up tolerance.
I hope this doesn't come off as pedantic, but I've found the channel How to ADHD to be an really great resource for strategies to work with yourself with, or without medication. I've yet to scrape together enough executive function to navigate ~*The System*~ and get a doctor to look at my stinky little brain, but in the meantime her videos have helped me understand how my brain functions and find ways to work with it. It's nice. :) Anyway, thank you for your funny little anecdotes, your videos are always really fun. <3
as someone with ADHD, I lost focus halfway through the video and had to rewatch like a minute of it
Amazing new video! 👌
the dopamine lmfao
My youngest was just diagnosed with ADHD yesterday. Thank you for sharing your journey!
Try having ADHD and schizophrenia, with just the methylphenidate I was able to focus on the psychosis. So now both me and my psychiatrist are walking on eggshells to see if I'll completely be lost.  Also, I hate to break this to you, but ADHD medications have the highest success rate, of any classification of medication our species has discovered. If you have ADHD, untreated will lower your live expectancy by 13 years, assuming the executive disfunction does cause something sooner
Dexadrine low end er works for me and gives me focus.
i just started meds recently. i stayed up all night due to adderall and had weird anxiety. im going to try a smaller dose.
I'm up to the max dosing of concerta and have no success, so now I have to change after spending all the drug money ;-;
Thank you for making such an honest and helpful video! Like many of the other comments I also have ADHD and experiences with medication. Everyone is different but I had the same experience with adderall, it was fantastic for helping me do things but those things would be just as random as my train of thought. It also gave me chest pain and increased anxiety. I switched to Ritalin during the adderall shortage and it’s been way better! It’s a much better fit for me, I get things done normally and not in an all over the place way. I will say that for me when I stop taking it I get my usual depression symptoms, so it’s also been a mood stabilizer as well. If you also have depression that might be a great bonus, but I don’t know how that would effect someone who doesn’t have it.  Obviously it’s all up to what you want and need, no one should be forced into meds or no meds, and plenty of people are happy just living their life with ADHD as is. I would just encourage people to above all else listen to their minds and bodies, don’t be scared to try the medications (lots of different ones if you need to!) but also don’t feel pressured to be on them.   With a “late” in life diagnosis for me personally it’s been a huge relief and extremely helpful to be on medications that help my brain function as opposed to feeling like I’m just a failure. In my case just about everyone I talked to really didn’t want me to be on medication because of that pushback against over diagnosis and medication. The thing is by the time I was asking for them I had already tried literally everything else and couldn’t get basic life needs done like groceries, paying bills on time, or working in general. It was thanks to my friend who said how much better their life was on meds that I pushed for it and I’m so thankful for it! I valued the experience of someone who also had what I had over “helpful” tips like “just write it down in a note”
I really wanted adhd medication my mom will not let me she’s told me I was going to go to the hospital to see what type and how much but that was a lie to get me to stop asking  I wish I could focus
I love the detail of drawing a smooth brain in the animation.
magik
Likely something called PVCs or atrial flutter induced by the Vyvanse which is a stimulant. Vyvanse and Adderall are both amphetamines, neither of which are meth. Methamphetamines are neurotoxic while amphetamines are neuro-protective. Vyvanse has an amino acid (lysine) bound to the d-amphetamine molecule. In theory, the lysine must first be digested off of the drug to be active. This would then create a more stable release of the medication as well as lower it’s propensity for abuse. Sorry to hear neither medication worked. There are some that are non-stimulant like Atomoxetine aka Strattera.
As someone who doesn’t have adhd, bro these meds are crazy
I took Ritalin as treatment for my adhd, and it was beloved it was working for years, I was getting work done in school I was getting in less fights and I could sit down and focus. What was really happening however was serious depression, all of good results happened, but only because my emotions were completely muted and inside I was dying, this went on for years and it was in my teens so I beloved it was for the better.  It wasn’t until I reach my 20s that I realised it wasn’t good for me and stopped taking them, however the depressive dark thoughts are just part of me now AND I still suffer from ADHD.  Like the good man says, don’t focus on results and trick yourself that things are down when they aren’t.
volume of video needs to be higher
I'm surprised he started on 5 milligrams and not 10 because I started on 10 and I thought everyone would start on 10. Also as a person who has medicine for my ADHD, I can definitely relate.
I remember trying all of the aforementioned medications, nothing ever really worked because I’d always end up really focused (as advertised) but on the wrong thing. Eventually I just dropped all medications and thought “this is fine”.
I've been on ADHD meds, it didn't end well.
🧀
I had to take Adderall, seroquel & Vyvanse all at once and seroquel twice a day. It did not help. I was focusing on things I should not have been
HEY!!!! WELCOME TO THE SKINNY CLUB BUDDY. The Methylphenidate your taking will make you unhungry, make your brain feel weird, and will slowly decrease your weight. It's recommended that you have nighttime snacks because even if you ate a hearty dinner, you will feel hungry when the affects wear off. Every 6 months you should get a dosage increase as A.D.D. and A.D.H.D. people's bodies can change and adapt to filter out unwanted substances over time. I've had my dosage increased to the maximum and even if I take it at 8am it wears off by 11am. Also, eat a large protein based breakfast before taking it so you don't feel sick or dizzy. If you don't you will vomit. Trust me.  By the way, I love your vids. Welcome to the A.D.D. club.
when i was on adhd meds i had a thing where i could just stare into space for hours and when i mean hours i mean hours and i got so skinny that you could feel my ribs and see my heart
I first tried Concerta and it almost caused me to have a heart attack it raised my heart rate, then I tried Adderall which just didn't have an effect and now I'm on vivance and it just doesn't do anything and it's an increased dose
I don't have ADHD (as far as I know) but I had classmates in college that had ADHD but weren't on any prescribed medication. Instead, they took like those focus gummies with essential oils in them and it worked for them. It was more of an as-needed thing instead of every day but I think their ADHD was not severe (?). I don't know, I never asked since it was never really any of my business
*unsubscribes* … ….. ……..wait
This Ice Cream Sandwich guy is pretty funny 👍🏾
I got diagnosed with ADHD in July 2022 and I’m on meds for it but I still feel like I can’t really focus on anything. I too often get distracted by things and nothing gets done. Probably cause I take my meds at night. I might talk to my psychiatrist about it once my next appointment arrives but I might end up forgetting
My first experience with meds didn't go great either, I struggled to take the tablets in the first place because of sensitivity issues and I'd get this huge "I am aware and focused" kind of buzz that I really didn't like, followed by a crash and the meds wore off. I went to work at a holiday camp where I couldn't reliably get more medication, so I stopped taking them entirely. I wish I'd had a chance to speak to my doctor about taking something different as I feel my life between then and now would've gone a lot better. I still want to get back on medication again but that waiting list can take months and I've already forgotten about it once, I don't know if I can be bothered to try and reapply a third time.
embrace the pain slowly gain an understanding of things beyond your current comprehension learn that the pain is a construct and you can decide naw realize the horror of the previous statement be entirely unproductive as you now need to weigh weather or not talking to this person now is better than talking to them in 3 seconds for ultamate perfection (you were supposed to vacuum the house)
Unsubbed.. Thank you :)
Watching this on my tv, and 6 minutes in I finally realize I’m already 2 minutes into ANOTHER video on my laptop.
i have been waiting so long for this!
not sure if you still want to try out new meds, but might I suggest non-stimulant adhd meds?  Adderall and vyvance are both stimulants, maybe that had a correlation as to why it didn’t work as well for you.   Me personally, I’m on guanfacine, and I’ve found it pretty helpful. It’s less overt than stimulants but it’s helped me with my executive dysfunction nicely.   If you’re just done with meds though that’s understandable, just thought I’d share my experience
The omg to the drained dopamine got me DYING 🤣
The out of breath with vyvanse is probably from taking too much maybe? I’ve taken vyvanse for as long as i can rememeber but for a while when i was in like middle school or something i was taking small doses Ritalin on top of the vyvanse after school to help me do homework and it was fine until it wasnt. it made me feel similar. I was jittery, head felt cloudy/buzzy, not out of breath but definitely felt like i had just taken a long walk, could not do ANYTHING, and just kind of sat there in a daze with my homework laid out around me. After about 3 days of this i decided myself to stop taking it. And ive been fine ever since.
Ahhhh Vivance and Adderall. I'm just glad you didn't get the horrible hallucinations and panic attacks that Adderall sometimes causes (and is usually hereditary). For me I just take Vivance on weekdays and I'm all good. (Aswell as setting alarms for myself to prepare to focus on a task)
So I basically was born with vivance flowing through my veins. 😂
I love you ice cream man
Glad he confirmed that polish cow is better than this entire channel. It's ok just add more cows in your videos.
okay! unsubbed.
2:48 oh my god i need whatever that is that will be so useful to me
I was watching the other adhd video and he uploaded this one😮
Moral of the story, “it’s nerf or nothing”
New video yayy
going off adhd meds after taking them for a bit is a crazy experince
Hiiii, psych student here. It can take several months, even years to find the right treatment that works for YOU. Dont give up!
I used to take ADHD meds when i was little(grade 3) they gave me a Twitch, don't know what meds they were but wounder if anyone else has  had the same side effects?
i have never related more to a little doodle man....
5:50 wait a minute is he flipping us off
ADHD in school sucks, I have bad experience with the meds many times and dont like my current but my school says i need to have them because i wont get anything done otherwise but I hate how it makes me focus
Hi
I have ADHD and i have done different meds over the years, and there was one that made my emotions less. It was weird, like imagine you are not happy or sad or mad or anything, and you just ARE. It worked, I was productive, mostly with things that did not have any sort of emotional exertion, but it worked. My body eventually got used to it and I stopped not having emotions, but it was weird, very hard to explain.
I have medicine to help me focus in school because I also have ADHD :|
I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. The funny thing is that it was your video that made me want to be tested I have had a lot of the Inattentive symptoms since like middle school, and it was hard for me in school When I was diagnosed, I got prescribed atomoxetine. It's kinda good because it makes my thoughts not over lap, and I don't overthink as much as I used to But if I'm not doing anything to keep my brain occupied, I'm just tired And if I'm doing something that my brain doesn't want to do, I'm just tired So sometimes I'm just constantly tired. BUT when I go to bed I don't overthink about my existence and can actually sleep. So good for sleep, probably not for focus. Unless I'm drawing. Then I tunnel vision in that. K bye, love your vids :D
6:30  I’ve had that feeling with my meds too. Personally after I don’t take it for a while, a summer, I felt out of breathe all the time, as well as my heart rate going to about 100-120 on average. But after getting my system used to it. It was fine
As someone who has known about their adhd for a long time while also being wary of meds, the description of SIMPLY DOING task A no prob is a wild, jarring concept.
I'm actually on Vyvanse too, and the "focused but on the wrong thing" is scarily true
yeah. everyone's brains do this. doesn't mean we need to take meth to focus! vyvanse is the same thing it just needs to go through the liver to work. so people stop snorting the pills.
I have pretty mild ADHD and don’t take meds anymore, but as a kid took Aderrall (was taken off for lack of sleep and irritability) and eventually took Strattera. People say they noticed a difference in me but tbh never noticed too much of a difference (being a kid and all)
ICECREAMSANDIWCH, WE NEED TO COOK! - adderal
The way you describe it and the fact that I’m watching this instead of doing one of my many missing assignments that are still pending is enough to convince me that I have adhd
this is all very relatable. Personally sticking with adderall... only because without it my "sober" self loses things all the time, misses turns, and deals witht he stereotypical procrastination. There is unfortunately silver bullet to this condition... it's just discipline. The way I view it is, it allows the adult in your brain to make sure the kid in your brain isn't in complete control all the time. Sometimes little Timmy needs to settle down and let big Timmy have a turn piloting the biogundam.
I take dexamethrylphenidate
I tried medication (Adderall) and it made me more emotional and made me wanna not eat because just the idea of eating made me wanna throw up
I agree I have ADHD and it sucks to have to take a large pill 2 times a day
Adderall and Vyvanse are basically the same drug with different release methods. Neither is meth. Your friend isn't that bright. Adderall is 85% dexteo and 15% levoamphetamine, Vyvanse is just dextroamphetamine attached to a metabolite that everyone processes differently and can lead to a buildup of unused meds causing an effectively higher dose being used each day if you burn off the metabolite slower, thus leading to the shortness of breath and sleeping issues. Either only listen to doctors, or verify everything you here with valid sources. Even this.
yeah I tried three out of those meds he mentioned, and they all made my heart race. basically I used them til I graduated, and then on days I attended class at college, and now I'm just completely unmedicated because I got nothing that needs to be focused on
I used to take Vyvanse, very helpful. Should get back on it tbh lol
Aaaaah yes... I've also got ADHD and this just reminds me of how Adderall  just sapped all of my energy and gave me all the symptoms of depression! That was a fun 4 months :).
I also have ADHD and since i was a little baby i had been taking medicine: number one medicine was a capsule pill, it helps me with concentration and work and i can multitask with it, downside i at that age didnt like swallowing pills so my mom opened the capsule dumped the contents in syrup and gave it to me, Do Not Do It its taste is horrible that i wanted to puke. Then when i was at 1 grade the capsule effects stopped because i was older. Then i took a medicine which was a liquid its name is Quillivant and the taste is great because it taste like bananas and i keep taking it until 6 grade, on 7 grade i had acquired depression and other things so i had to change again and i started taking for my ADHD a pill called methylphenidate and its brand name is ritalin. But this one i took it with anxiety pills and also antidrepressants which it didnt affect me that much in side effects and with it i was able to do anything without getting distracted and i could do all my school work easy. The side effects i did feel was a lack of hunger and i could get headaches very quick. Normally with the pill i would take breakfast because it takes 30 minutes for the effects to kick in and take control of my brain. But during the entire day until i was i never had lunch i only had breakfast and dinner and that was it because the effects last all day 8 hours. And i took that pill ever since 7 grade until 12 grade on the second semester. Because last year in december when i went to the last appointment with my psychiatrist she remove the anxiety and depression pills right out of the bat. And then i got the worst side effects of the pill and a common one. I was feeling nauseous, vomiting, stomach pain, a bigger loss of hunger, and insomnia (sleep problems) basically i couldnt sleep. But then i stopped taking it after a few days with the help of my physician and pediatrician and just like that all the side effects where gone and now im not using any pills or medicine because now i ca control my ADHD by my own will and do my work correctly. And this is my experience with ADHD medicine.
Yaaay another animation!!!!  Also in my experience Adderall and Strattera were an absolute NIGHTMARE for me. Made me an absolute unfiltered spastic mess.
I’m a pharmacist. I cannot legally recommend some stuff but they do make other medications to help in some cases like Atomoxetine and some other off label medications if and only if you want to use them. I feel it’s kinda off kilter to right to a schedule 2 stimulant when you can try so,e other stuff first. That’s my opinion at least please don’t kill me internet
If you're in a state where weed is legal, go to a dispensary and ask about a strain called sativa. I haven't tried it myself, but some of my friends who also have ADHD who live in other states (it's illegal where I live unfortunately) have tried it and said it helps with both focus and motivation, minus the side effects of the crazy psychiatric drugs. Definitely do your own research first though.
actually,that explains the new videos and the consistence on them
I lived with constant nausea and throwing up at least once a day for about two years, because it was the only medication I'd tried that helped with my anxiety. I'm on better meds now, but hoo man, I was fully convinced there was no other way for a while there lol
i feel like the dancing cow meme every day
This whole video is SUPER interesting. Everytime I hear about ADHD I think it's super interesting, but really difficult to understand. It's so outside of my realm of experience that I really can't contextualize it.
I saw you flip us off at five minutes and fifty seconds
Also, Caffeine can help ADHD (NOT ALL) focus
Talking to people and forget their name! THATS ME LOL And now I'm afraid.
Very very different from my experience with medications. Most of the meds I took barely affected me, and the ones that actually did work had bad side effects, like killing my appetite. Even after finding some good enough meds, they stopped effecting me after a while. I had to keep upping the dosage so that they actually did anything. For a couple of months I've been taking 2 pills that worked well enough, one for ADHD and the other for insomnia, but it's starting to not work anymore.
As someone who has ADHD, I remember taking a specific medication that actually helped me out a lot… until it was banned… But it’s been unbanned now so I’ll be taking it again soon and finally be able to be productive again       Now that I’m thinking about it, why was it banned to begin with?
is the video too low for anyone else or is it just me
as a psychology/neuroscience major with lifelong ADHD, this is the single most accurate depiction of adhd i have ever seen. like genuinely if anyone asks me what adhd is like, from now on i will simply refer to this
watching this when i have something else to do on my computer, ......which i forgot what it is
dont take concerta. EVER
These videos are starting to make me think I have ADHD.
In my experience meds do odd things. My ADHD got better when I cut sugar and caffeine almost completely out of my life
*BRO I JUST WATCHED THE FIRST VIDEO AND SAY "Man i hope the second part come fast" BROOOOOO*
me being someone with literally all the adhd symptoms but also merican elfcare meaning ill just live with it
I change videos all the time and ur videos are like some kind of medication for this lmao
Most of my life with ADHD: "Ok, time to finally do homewo- well crap I guess I'm on video games now"
I was on meds most of my life but in 2020 I was able to control myself enough to where I don't need them. But this video is relatable because yes. Many thoughs no focus
Vyvance was not mellower for me. When I first started taking it, it felt like I was going to vibrate through reality to another fucking dimension.
Oh hey the exact thing not to do is the exact thing I did do re: stopped taking the ADHD medication cold turkey. It was Aderall and every time I took it I basically went into high adrenaline mode without anything to focus that adrenaline on, resulting in even more twitchiness than normal as I tried to burn off excess energy while sitting in an office chair in an office where I could not burn off that energy. For eight hours. Fun times.  I really should schedule another appointment with the psychiatrist and try something else.
I’ve been taking Vyvanse for a little over a year for my adhd, and you described the experience perfectly. I haven’t experienced many of the side effects you described, but that might also be because I take it only a few times a week (when I have school or need to get something done) rather than all the time. Adhd is certainly an experience huh
fun fact , lyrics for that cow song goes a little like that : there is only one thing in my head , five grams of cocaine(...) : it kinda goes on with what rest of the video is about but i think its unintentional as Polish isn't really that commonly known
oh this is only going to make my brain more insane I hear the voices already
Instructions unclear. Subscribed harder.
Do adhd people focus on things there interested in?
Soooooo I’m also ADHD…. And I also had a bad experience with meds!!! So instead my brother did a ton of research on these supplements and psychology stuffs and found supplements that work!! And they have worked wonders for me!! And I have both attention deficit and hyperactivity REALLY bad!!!! If you like, I’d be happy to share what I’m taking so you can try for yourself!!! And because they are dietary supplements and not medications they don’t have any negative side effects and you can stop them whenever if they aren’t working for you!!!!
Ugh I'm on the medicine seeking journey myself. First we did Adderall XR 10mg, then 20mg, then 30mg... I started to get frustrated so I tried taking 60mg, basically nothing besides elevated heart rate and running a little hot. Switched to Vyvanse very recently, taking half of 90mg (the powder is bitter and nasty) and different quirky side effects but still eventually unhelpful. Wellbutrin is helping some but I'm at a loss as to what to do next. Because I moved recently, I am having trouble obtaining the evidence of my tests from my previous hospital, and my current insurance wont help me until those get sent so I'm just unmedicated and struggling. Hope you find a solution ICS.
I literally just started meds today
You're finally back!
Remember kids, all meds are just specifically purposed drugs, they'll always have side effects, will create resistance overtime, etc, so always discuss any issue you may have with your doctor to figure the correct way to use your meds and which one
My doctor as a kid was very foolish. When I was put on meds for ADD, I was very young and had the impressing these would make have a big impact in a good way, and I had no concept of meds having adverse side effects. I trusted the adults enough to not even consider they might be harmful. I forget what I was prescribed, but it never felt like it helped. On top of that, I didn't notice it was effectively taking my emotions away from me. So when the doctor asked me how it was going, I told them it wasn't doing anything for me. This resulted in them upping my dose until I was at the max. I became a walking zombie. Growing up, I never learned how to handle my emotions because I never felt them. It made me a prime target for bullies, so I was relentlessly made fun of as a kid. It took me until I was 18 to realize what was going on.   To make a long story short, I had a terrible experience with this and now I'm untreated for my condition due to my fear of the drugs. The advice he gives is great, but doctors are people at the end of the day. They cannot read you like a book and rely on your help to pay attention to your own symptoms and report them.
Wait I’ve been taking adderall. But fr it is like that. Maybe I should change my meds. I’m not studying or anything, it helps for my job, but like… i also wanna focus on stuff LMAO
I get to watch a ice cream sandwich vid while i make cookies
The scene at 1:50 is too damn relatable 😭
Man nearly made me choke to death on applesauce at the end.
Whenever I took meds I was just never hungry
I’m really starting to think that iceamsammich is just my weird thoughts on a YouTube channel
I used to take vyvance for a couple years; whenever I used to take them, I would be super focused on anything that I did but it made me lose my appetite also I would lose all my emotions for some reason.
ADHD meds are....an experience, to say the least. I grew up on them and believe me, THAT DOES SOMETHING TO A PERSON
okay I'm going to be honest I have ADHD too and it is the exact same thing as you are describing and the solution was also drugs
Just to clarify, Adderall isn't meth. It's Adderall. The chemical structure of each is similar, but tiny chemical differences have huge effects. Adderall is structurally as similar to meth as psychedelic toad venom (5-MeO-DMT) is similar to melatonin!  Meth releases five times as much excess dopamine as Adderall does at the same concentration.[1] Meth destroys your brain,[no citation needed] whereas Adderall helps your brain function better over the long term[2][3] and actually _lowers_ your risk of addiction.[4]  (Also, Vyvanse is just extended-release Adderall.)  ADHD stimulants are "among the most effective and most studied psychotropic medications" of all time.[5] Roughly zero medications treat any psychiatric condition as well as stimulants treat ADHD. Stimulants are "considered first-line treatments for ADHD" because they're "supported by decades of research and a history of robust response, good tolerability, and safety across the lifespan."[5] Stimulants treat ADHD _way_ more effectively than therapy does.[6][7]  Also, when I say "effective," it's easy to think I mean "improving test results" or something, but to me the most important measure of effectiveness is how much it helps you live the life you want to live.  Stimulants may not work for everyone with ADHD. Opting for some other treatment instead is totally valid -- whatever works for you works. In some rare cases, what works best is no treatment at all. But stimulants are, short-term and long-term, statistically the most effective known ADHD treatment. They get a bad rap imo, especially when people pretend they're something they're not.  References (go to doi dot org slash each one below):  1. DOI:10.1074%2Fjbc.M805298200 2. DOI:10.1093/cercor/bhs345 3. DOI:10.1017/S0033291716000350 4. DOI:10.1038/nm0102-24 5. DOI:10.4088%2FPCC.12f01472 6. DOI:10.1016/j.cpr.2007.10.007 7. DOI:10.1001/archpsyc.56.12.1073
I have ADHD, and I got meds, tastes terrible and my grades went down 😅
Me and my older brother have ADHD. He takes Adderall. I used to take adderall and then I just went crazy so I'm off meds currently. Adderall made me hyperfocus on one thing too much. I hyperfocused on math because of it. Can you believe it!?!
Yo I got an ice cream sandwich, came back, checked my phone, and saw this notification.  God is sending messages heck yeah    Also I have ADHD and I take Vyvanse, the only wierd thing for me is that it kills my appetite and it raises my heart rate :P
1 hr ago and 125 dislikes
Dude, you need to do some research.  I was on Ritalin in the 90s, I take a 27mg dose of concerta in the morning and a 17mg dose at noon.  SSRI'S HAVE A BAD EFFECT WHEN YOU STOP TAKING THEM. Stimulants are, in general, pissed out within a day or two. They pass through your system fast enough that a morning workout changes the timing of my second dose!  YOU NEED TO TAKE BREAKS. These drugs modify your behavior but an integrated approach involving behavioral adaptation is the path to success and that means letting your normal headspace back in sometimes.  This video frustrates me.
For me I have only taken medication like this once. It didn’t work and then we didn’t try any more medicines. Which I am very happy about.  I have PDDNOS high functioning autism. My school want to put me on medication and my mom said no. So I learned how to live with it and I have a better understanding of how my autism works and how I tick. This is why I don’t really understand why people with ADHD or autism are OK with taking medication that is basically a type of psychedelic, because it alters your way of thinking. I can understand if it’s something that no matter how hard you try you have to rely on it. That’s fine. But if you just take the lazy way out and take personality suppressant as I like to call them, then that’s an issue.  Edit: to be absolutely clear. The only reason why I am the way I am today is because of the people around me and having a really caring mother who never made me feel lesser than what I am just because I have autism. When I was a kid the doctor said I wouldn’t be normal and be able to do certain things. Well who’s laughing now. I’m in community college right now studying animation and digital art. All because my mom made me do things that I didn’t like. She took me to the museum, the shed aquarium, and the zoo. Do you wanna know what those three places have in common. Loud and constantly changing. Two things that autistic people do not like. Guess what I love the museum and all the other places I’ve went to now. And I’m OK with change now. Life is a gift utilize it to its fullest.
Is it just me or does IceCreamSandwhich's floofs take on the look of a weird cowboy hat?
So, what is the solution?   **Drug**  America in a nutshell🇺🇲
I think I have minor adhd A lot of the symptoms he listed fit I call the overlapping thoughts “the London Underground map of thought.”
habididabiisafjfsfdbibib. Woah there's a guy with a pink suit! *GASP* I didn't know snails were so cute! *GASP* I'm late for my doctor's appointment! *GASP* How DO you cook goldfish?
I have high fever Aspergers, which also has a form of ADHD.  I am starting to realize what effect it has on me, especially with the Internet. I can be hyper focused on a task, but recently my mind constantly wanders and I get bored.  Also, as a person who’s massively struggling with depression and asked about taking meds, this is a really good lesson to learn, thank you and I wish you the best of luck in the future.  One last thing, can we have a moment of silence for the poor guys laptop and probably him?
That dancing cow is actually singing about drugs when translated.
i aslo have to take adhd meds im pure chaos without it :>
now I am going to have that spinning cow meme in my head during lessons tomorrow. I already am going to be sleep deprived because I scared the sheet out of myself already, that will NOT help. great animations as always though.
Ice cream sandwich
I actually also just got my adhd diagnosis and I'm on the path towards medication now. But I HAVE been taking head meds for depression and anxiety for the past 5 years or so and here's the thing: it took 4 or 5 different meds before I figured out what was right for me. It took like...2 years of switching up doses, switching meds entirely before I found something that fit. Sometimes the meds would have awful side effects, some would do nothing at all. Some would take weeks before I saw a meaningful impact at all. When I finally did find the right type it still came with a slew of physical side effects that I had to make the choice to stick with. I call taking meds for the first time or changing them up, "the circus". You're never quite sure what you're going to get going into it.  But even despite it all they're never going to...FIX anything. Hear me out, I'm pro meds but they're a crutch. They're not going to walk for you they're just gonna HELP. It's important to go into this with good therapy, good outlooks, knowing this isnt going to completely solve an issue, its just gonna make it a hell of a lot easier for YOU to solve. I hope I'm making sense here, to whoever might be reading this. The road is long and it's hard and it sure as hell ain't linear. But it's worth it to search for the best version of yourself. And TLDR, finding the right meds takes a lot of experimentation and time. But it's worth it to keep trying.
Maybe try concerta, it’s what I’m on and I can do math well, so it may solve your focus problem.
7:50 No.
So imagine having undiagnosed ADHD... everyone thinks you're insane, hyperactive, really dumb and bad at the ACT who enjoys fidget toys a BIT too much with absolutely no excuse. Fun.
Yes absolutely DO NOT STOP TAKING YOUR MEDS BEFORE TALKING TO YOUR DOCTOR. There are so many medications that have withdrawal effects that can feel worse than the side effects they can cause, so you have to have to HAVE TO know if you need to be weaned off of the meds or whatever. Sincerely, someone who learned this the hard way with anxiety meds. Dear god.
Dude you should change the little thing at the bottom right corner of the video
I haven’t been diagnosed, but your videos have gotten me to reflect a bit.
Thank you for putting into words the experience I had with adderall, I knew it wasn't working for me in the way how I intended but could never put it into words. That helps a lot!  I used to take adderall when I was younger and then switched to ritalin - ritalin also didn't help me focus, but instead it just kept my mojo going - so for example if I had homework and was able to get started on it, I could finish one assignment and feel comfortable starting the next, and then the next until it was all done. I think that was great, but the greatest help I've had is actually my organization. If I find that I'm always at a desk, I'll have a physical inbox with everything I need to do in that inbox. That way, when I get distracted, it's one of the first things I get distracted toward and I can still get things done.
The Adderall I take for my ADHD takes away my appetite :(  It was so bad at one point I got underweight and you could see most of my bones I had to just stop taking it on certain days entirely and it worked
Last year my therapist congratulated me for coming to the absolute closest to the bountry-line of ADHD *and* autism he'd ever seen without actually having either. My brain chemistry won't respond to medication and I have to helm this wrinkly egg myself with Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. It works, but progress is slow and requires self-discipline.
same
I legit just got new meds today wtf
DUDE HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT I HAVE POLISH COW STUCK IN MY HEAD RIGHT NOW 🤯
Crazy. I have ADHD and I’m looking into getting meds for the first time.
As a person with ADHD I can confirm that this is accurate
for the first medication, it sounds a lot like when I have dissociation  and it feels INCREDIBLY bad like I just get tf out of my head and my body does everything, but I cannot for the life of me think
I tried so hard with meds but the most helpful part of the meds was the behavioral therapy that you're supposed to do along with it. Turns out alot can be solved when your brain chemistry just "racks ah disiprin"
my biggest problem with vyvanse was it just made me mega tunnel vision. like god was i the most focused on one very specific thing for like six hours. but i couldnt remember or want to do anything other than what had caught my attention.
As with everybody else in the comments, this video is very coincidental for me since I was just diagnosed.  Meds have always seemed super scary conceptually. This was a nice way to make them seem more vibey.
That's a lot of views already
pipe sound is funny
I know that I either have ADD or ADHD but I don’t know the difference, what is it?
I had Vivance but Focalin is the one I use now
Where I am they said I can't have meds anymore, they said that there's a shortage 💀
I don’t have the guts to get the meds for my ADHD, and just by watching this just proves to me that it won’t help me at all 💀
i take concerta 32mg, it's been a few months and I can tell a few differences, i still am a bit dispersed but much less than before, i used to have trouble to keep a conversation for more than 2 minutes, but I seem to be getting better my psych told me that if this keeps up I might even not need the meds In a few months
When finding medicine for ADHD I also got adderral but I stayed with it but I kept getting higher doses and the same thing happened so, guess you suffer both ways ;-;
I used to take Ritalin because I got diagnosed with ADHD when I was a child. It was uhhhhhhh Not Great. My grandparents described it to me as "It was like dealing with a robot. You could tell when the meds would kick in because you'd suddenly have no emotions whatsoever. Just very blank. You could focus on just about anything but it was like dealing with a calculator instead of a human."   I tried to do Adderall during my last year of high school to attempt to get my focus back because I was struggling in school again but the only thing it did was make me incredibly tired all of the time.
Polish Cow The only thing in my head Is five grams of cocaine, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in  The only thing in my head Is five grams of cocaine, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in I have a damn descent I don’t catch stars I lie like a log I don’t believe what’s going on I cluck like a hungry hen I’m like a werewolf to the moon My head’s empty like a street In front of your dorm I melt like a bar Which is lying on the counter Going down is when you don’t pull Brother, my face is getting fucked up My head’s a brothel just like on TV I am not surprised by such a state Lack of goods, in my mind I get high Whenever I’ll make it or not I will sell everything from my crib I’m actually f***d up already However, everything is sold already I’m only struggling with the debts Nose like Tabaluga Second day without snorting Where is the snake? White chemistry Descending is so damn exhausting As if the locusts bite off your cock You might also like A&W Lana Del Rey Whopper Whopper Burger King HOPE NF The only thing in my head Is five grams of cocaine, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in  Chemistry party I wanna go skiing To the dealer, not to Alps Oh f**k, I think I’m gonna die If I don’t snort something soon I want to touch the stars so badly But none of this since I’m on a descent Total mega damn descent And I dream of entering like a dragon Do you have money? Are you falling down too? Well, then f**k it, I’m not jogging today I want to kick like a panther There’s no deals at the dealer Not anymore, for sure I think death is breaking me down I won’t swallow anything, I have chills How f***ng much longer This condition will last I dreamed of a van of coke And gram of heroin, just for taste I want to drive in a Cadillac I run over my friends with my thoughts But I owe everyone something The loan option is omitted Because I am trimmed like scissors The only thing in my head Is five grams of cocaine, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in  Dogs on the Discovery I want to shoot out like from a gun I want heroin and other goodies Empty nose I hear murmurs Do you have Gargamel’s number? Maybe he has heroin in his cauldron? I know I’m talking bullshit But I’ve got nothing on the table And my pocket is f***g empty A lucky six would be useful Or at least a four And I would fly like a swallow Like the Maya bee Singing kayah to my ears This is a joke, I don’t believe it I lie bent like a dead animal My fever is getting worse Scarred like Fakir’s ass Like a dirty slut Being fucked I lie f***g hot Hey Johnny i’d like to sprinkle And in the meadow To prance like a rabbit But all the time this descent I wither like some torn grass  The only thing in my head Is five grams of cocaine, fly away alone To the edge of oblivion I have thoughts in my head When will all this end Whenever I’m not alone Because a white eel will fly in
I feel like I have ADHD and that I trained it to stfu because I need shit done now but it nags me to do things differently, usually better, so it kinda helps but this forces me to do a lot of back and forth, literally sometimes going back and forth just to do stuff the most optimal and efficient way while wasting a lot of time. Like trying to speedrun but resetting every 5 steps to do things better without stopping the timer.
Polish cow is funny especially when you are Polish
This videos really quite btw, but still great
The little person behind the window shaking their head "no" was really cute and easily made my day
I don't have diagnosed ADHD but god do I relate to the task loop. it's like cleaning your room and finding cool shiz and doing something random with the cool thing you found
When this man uploads it makes me happy.
I started with adderall and that made my ocd EXPLODE it was TERRIBLE so I tried vivance. I think it's pretty chill but it I get the intense focus mode from it. Also I usually take it in the morning and then go back to sleep and then I wake up 2-3 hours later with my heart RACING but hey, it's what actually (kinda) gets me to actually awaken in the morning instead of sleeping for infinity.
Damn, ain’t NONE of us ever living in Japan or Singapore in this lifetime huh.
I have an appointment coming up to figure out if I have it or not. This video couldn’t have come at a better time. I feel very relatable to your symptoms you were suffering post pills.
El govermo governa con su perna
Dude I took vyvanse for a while and I just felt like I drank a gallon of coffee. Towards the end of the bottle I’d just take it whenever I had a gym class so I could shake and kick butt. (Don’t take meds like a popper when you need it)
Concerts worked the best for me…now on Azstarys which is basically dexmethylphenidate
Yea adhd is cra- oo donuts!
I tried way too many different medications and every single one would either not work or it would make me extremely sick I’ve been diagnosed since 4 or something and been taking pills liquids and anything else and its been very challenging but idrk..
7:50 welp guess I gotta do what he says.
Honestly I have trouble with this and I think a big part is living with undiagnosed adhd for so long that you dont know how to function "normally" or focus and keep productive because you just haven't up to that point essentially. It's needing help with coping strategies such as time management and keeping up with important tasks as well as the medication
i think my parents made a mistake “un-diagnosing” me.  it came back :D
I'm still like this but it turned out we found out that I had autism high functioning autism but autism nonetheless
Egg
I’m waiting for the start of the next video: “I asked u guys to unsubscribe in the last video and some of you did! What the heck guys”
Do what I do.  Computers do this on their CPU.  it's called Threading.  You make small amounts of progress on everything. So you allow yourself to be distracted, just it's a bit controlled. Like controlled falling. You won't get everything done, but Rome wasn't built in a day. Just set a reminder somewhere to PUT THE INTERNET OFF TO THE SIDE and you should THEORETICALLY be able to make some amount of progress.
oops i forgot to unsubscribe
I have actually Used Both Adderall and Vyvanse for my medication(currently on Vyvanse). I had a pattern of Taking the meds during the weekday, but skipping them on Saturdays and Sundays. I've noticed that on higher dosages of Vyvanse(40-30mg) My energy would crash harder on the days I skipped them(Especially noticeable if I took a nap), but those energy crashes have been mostly absent since I switched back to 20mg. I've also noticed that the Higher dosages would affect my appetite a lot more(which was a horrible problem since I weigh less than 90lbs).  As for my experience with Adderall, I don't remember as it's been a little over 2 years since I last used it, but I recall it being extremely effective at getting me through school.
Edit after listening: try "medication holidays". Basically, 4 or 5 days on, 1 or 2 days off. I try to make my 4 week Adderall last 5 weeks. And I warn my wife beforehand "today is a med holiday, sorry in advance." I get super distracted and random — not in a cute "lol so random :P" way, but in a "watching a movie we've wanted to see for months, get up to pee, and don't come back for 3 hours" kind of random. It really, truly helps the brain not increase the dopamine gateways that are broken in ADHD.  ---  So to ADHD gang: TRY DIFFERENT MEDS. As a kid I was put on Ritalin. Probably wayyyyy too high of a dose. I felt like a zombie, so I refused to take it. Then right before I took the MCAT, I begged for a few months' worth, because standardized tests are my Nemesis. Literally I will solve for B, then circle C. I don't know why, I just always do that.  This time I got Adderall. The difference is/was indescribable. Instead of a brain full of 23 favourite song lyrics on repeat, 15 TVs replaying cool bits of past shows, 14 radios chatting, 32 people yelling at me — all while I try to hold a conversation, it's... 1/8th that noise. It's like I was given a master remote, and now can just press "power off". Yeah some noise is still there, but it's... So quiet in comparison.   Try different meds.
Where are all of my concerta girlies!!??
Im currently playing minecraft while watching this video.. That aint ADHD.... right?
i was born with it
ADHD make me go weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
first hour
when i started on adhd meds to focus more on school, so i took them and started wrigthing and stuff on a test, and it felt like i did well, until i got the test back and i basicly wtote the same paragraf over and over just in diffrent ways that never went anywhere.. idk what to call it
Is it me or is the sound lower than most of his other vids
My mom thinks i have adhd i only now understand why after you talked about some of the symptoms (ty)
Hi
I'm finally in the first 60 minutes club
Maybe try some non-stimulants like strattera or reduce the dosage of vyvanse. When my vyvanse dose it to high I get reeaaaally hyperfixated on stuff. I tried ritalin (medikinet), vyvanse and attentin (similar to vyvanse but short acting). Now I'm testing a non-stimulant, because I still can't get my work done on vyvanse, with works best for me. Its only my second day on strattera, so who knows how it will go. It needs to build up in your system for a couple of weeks before the full effect are there.  So far no big side effects, only slight dry mouth and maybe some sleep problems (that I have anyways). But I seem to be a little bit more focused, calmer and less irritated. We will see how it goes. If strattera doesn't help, wellbutrin is next on my list.
Meds side effects were not worth it for me unfortunately, so I stopped it aswell. But I coped with ADHD my whole life anyway. Knowing that I actually have ADHD, improved my coping mechanism aswell.   Still sucks but I know why it sucks which improves overall life quality somehow...?
Lmao theBeginning was so accurate I was laughing so hard I still haven’t taken any medication’s for my ADHD which is truthfully ADD do you mind just screams at me with seven people at once it’s a lot of fun
Accurate
oh my god i literally just had polish cow on in the background while i messaged friends
This is probably a very common comment, but I am prescribed adderall for adhd Inattentive and for me, it works great.  I’m able to focus on physical work and work that makes me think.  It does however make me lose appetite and makes emotions harder for me to process.  I think medication can be really helpful but how it impacts you will always be important to think about and discuss.
Justice for compy
ok but why is it so quiet  personally i've taken meds before, and i've seen plenty of others take meds, they seem to do nothing but cause serious side effects. i'd stay away from them
idk if i have it but my head has alot of crazy things ngl
I remember having the exact same experience with the second type of medication…..and I might have also stopped taking them…it all worked out though for me.
🐄
i had taken 2 ADHD meds that helped with controlling my thoughts and helped me be less impulsive but in time my thoughts would get to a point where they were so minimal that my mind felt foreign and seeing through my own eyes felt like everything wasnt real like i was dreaming through another persons life through their eyes every action even movements didnt feel like they were my own i slowly stopped taking them less and less and things were starting to feel normal again like i was myself free almost eventually i just stopped taking them yeah i cant sit/be in one place unless actively busy on a complicated task or doing multiple  and i hear my own thoughts in my sleep but atleast i feel like me   i recommend ADHD meds to help stabilize your thoughts focus and energy while you learn ways to cope with it on your own without meds for me music really helps with managing my ADHD
I my experience was it took out my appetite in the sense that I didn’t feel hungry, but it would feel cranky. I also couldn’t drink coffee without getting sick. It’s frustrating. I wish I could find a medication that didn’t cause me to not sleep and two let fatigue to build up without notice.
OK, I unsubscribed. Now what?
"Start on the least important task, then take a break" Is exactly what I'm doing and why I'm currently watching this
I was diagnosed with epilepsy a few months ago and the feeling of exhaustion is SO similar with Keppra too. The problem is is that Keppra is pushed so hard as the miracle drug that doesnt counteract with anything, anyone who has side effects are told to just blow it off.   Mine in particular was so bad I was having atypical migraines that were manifesting as STROKES and I was told by my doctor just to wait and see if it happened a few more times and then suggest switching meds.  It happened twice but I still have bad side effects and now I'm in a position where I don't have the liberty of switching meds bc it may or may not ruin me for the next few months when I'm in school.
I have taken meds since I was like 7, and it is weird not taking them. Like I only take them on weekdays. But when I forget to take them, it’s like my whole day is ruined.
The power of amphetamines
these comments rFRESG
As someone with adhd, you can just drink coffee. The caffeine helps you focused and it kicks in while you're doing the task. The downside is it's pretty quick but if you just needa 2 hour focus period its perfect
My adhd was diagnosed by tiktok 👁️👅👁️
Thank you for telling your story!  Things are tough right now for USA adhd-ers who take adderall. the adderall shortage makes life unpredictable for us. I hope things improve soon. It’s good to know there are other options for ADHD treatment, but of course switching medication is a careful process.
I used to be on Adderall for my entire elementary and middle school life, and it just made me like a zombie. Along with completely killing my appetite to the point where I pretty much stopped eating breakfast and lunch, although I would make myself eat lunch given I know I needed to eat. Then sometimes I would get dizzy spells briefly, would not recommend BTW, so now I am off any sort of ADHD medication.  I've learned to manage it for the most part, yet it's just hard to find some method to keep it completely under control, medicated or not medicated, as both have their problematic pros and cons, and from my experiences neither seems like a good solution, yay. I have thought about going back on the meds from time to time, yet the side effects are what keep me from doing that as it really messed with me at times. Which I did not like at all, and is why I have been going unmedicated for a bit now.
Maybe adding cognitive behavioral therapy and restarting with a new medication might help? Usually multimodal therapy has better results than just medication or therapy alone
I don’t have ADHD but I think it’s really interesting to hear about everyone’s different experiences with it.
I relate to the symptoms of ADHD a silly amount
I have adhd as well, i took ritalin mainly when I was younger, it was a good balance of being able to focus but still be able to switch tasks but a problem for me was that it ruined my appetite. I don’t mean like i just lost a couple pounds, but like I turned into a stick. I think it was good but the weight loss was kinda unhealthy
I have dealt with ADHD and medications basically my whole life diagnosed at 5 years old but taking meds never gets easier. Something to note (my experience likely differs from others) is the meds are not a *CURE* they assist you, effort is needed from you to make them work.
Can we all thank him for putting so much hard work into his videos and only has 2.K subscribers everybody who is reading this pls subscribe and like thanks! 😊
I have ADD and it's unmedicated so I can't focus on things that I'm uninterested in and so I have a D in math because I'm unstressed because that class is really boring so I'll just fall asleep and get nothing done in there but in science I have a good grade because it's actually interesting.
I imagine my head like strings, sometimes I touch one sometimes I'm falling over them. This is relatable for many of us.
Man im glad I haven't had to many problems with my meds, other then the fact of the country wide shortage existing.
yeah meds are. something. Honestly not a big fan of em truth is nothing is wrong with you, meds wont get rid of it completely
Yeah so you have not been diagnosed with adhd, i might have some symptoms but thtat doesnt mean i have adhd i just may have a hard time focusing
I've had a few bad experiences with medication. The main thing I learnt is that meditation won't fix everything in your life, you still need to put in a lot of work.
Thank you so much for talking about your experience!  It's so helpful to hear people's lived experiences (as opposed to a doctors interpretation)
The pharmaceutical industry screws people up hardcore, when healthy diet and exercise would help naturally.  Coming from a guy that went down the same road.
I have ADHD and use music to help me focus on important tasks  Even going to the doctor or shops, gotta have my headphones on It's sometimes the only way I can follow a conversation most times
this one was kinda sad
Me not even able to finish this 7 minute video because I got distracted lol.
I might want to get tested, I relate waaay too much for it to just be a coincidence
Drugs are for the weak
Dopamine joke was spot on
Welcome to the mental illness club. We all hate it here :]
Ah I took Vyvanse or however it’s spelled when I was in highschool. But then Cooleg came around and it didn’t really do and they switched me to fluoxetine for anxiety and yea I take that now with some other thing i don’t remember for adhd. Still… not focusing actually .-. Cuz I sometimes forget to take it
I take non stimulants and its great it makes you focused but not 'to' focused and you usually stay on task.
If it's not ADHD I want to know what's wrecking my life 🥴 help me. I literally physically feel like I can't get work done.
Everyone reacts differently, for me meds have turned my life around, helping me manage not only my ADHD but also symptoms of depression and social anxiety. So keep trying, its a long process, took me like 4 tries before i got to a med that really worked for me, now im just honing the dosage. For anyone with a similar experience as him... Ask your psych about a lower dose! The 'out of breath' feeling and 'too much focus' both come from having the wrong dosage. There is probably a couple lower ones you could try. Also, try to have a day or two off the meds every now and then, I do that on accident by just forgetting to take them lol, but it helps with fighting off the negative effects. Making sure you are eating well and getting a good bit of protein can help too!
It differs from many people as i dont really feel side effects of my meds at all have been diagnosed with adhd since kindergarden  Edit: side effects i dont notice is i may not feel hungry or i might stay up late
I desperately need the link for the cow dancing sos
When I get older, well I'm 17 right now, but I put on my checklist to get checked for ADHD because funny story back in elementary a teacher said I had problems paying attention; I stared into space a lot and struggled but guess what my mom said :D She said no, she's fine, and now it's gotten worse as I also walk around and talk to myself to the point if I don't do it, my head creates more and more and more to the fact I end up murmuring in public to let it all out. But I can't talk to my doctor because my mom sucks :D (Also, I'm not self-diagnosing; I think I might have it, but when I'm older, I am going to check in with a doctor before I start college, so I can be diagnosed with whatever I have and at least have an everyday life)
yo that literally describes me 0:36 like discord is so cool and wait... was that what i was  talking about??? Lol but really those are all me :L thx icey my boi :))))))) #subtoicecreamsandwichpls  (whats that? 7:51 Oh. you, you want me to bring down your entire channel? I can do that! No problem! XD)
ADHD is interesting, but fun when you aren't diagnosed with the other mental disorders while addressing it. Ever since kindergarten, I know that Adderall is not all for me. The audio hallucinations were fun...
I'm on max dose of vyvanse...it doesn't help me at all..perhaps I need something else lol
0:17 really nailing the point home
It’s so funny how everyone thinks they have ADHD 🤡
I was medicated my whole life and what I can say is that the medication works but it made me feel like a husk of myself. Like don't get me wrong I NEEDED the medication because I was just to much of a spaz at school but it killed my drive and personality. Gotta determine the good with the bad. Also it killed my appetite. And it gave me high blood pressure.. yeah🤨
You might just need some vitamins
I didn’t know what ADHD is now because of this video I realize I have ADHD
early!
I take Adderall but I've found that if I take it every day I get diminishing returns over time so I just take it on days when I really need to be able to talk clearly and focus.
I no joke smoke that funny grass to stay focused  Just like the meds some help me lock down getting things done... others make me circle my kitchen like a shark or make me uber horny
Hey, thanks for making another video. Your videos help make my miserable and insignificant life just a little more bearable.
Literally my part of the brain 1:57
I haven’t been medicated for years lol.
I was lucky to get diagnosed early but during my childhood it just led to a pipeline of different kinds of meds. No matter what I took it tasted nasty, made me have REALLY BAD anxiety attacks, and completely destroyed my appetite. One of them got me up really early and I would just stand there in the dark fully dressed and ready for school
1:34 when your classroom is next to the band class:
my parents found out when i was 6 and then i figured it out when i was 15 they were never gonna tell me
Thanks for the great content dude!! I have a friend who has adhd and seems to be very similar to you. I’m probably gonna see him in a new light now. Thanks!
While there is a national shortage 😂 literally has to get my meds refilled 3 hours away because my county and nearby counties have been out for weeks
Smoke weed 😌
As someone with ADHD and takes medication for it, you really couldn’t of described it any better. Loved this video!
I had a similar experience, minus the Adderall because it's not available in Europe. I also stopped taking, NEVER DO THIS! I got a seizure 2 or 3 days after, out of nowhere. At the moment it was not good. But forwarding now, I am on Concerta for over 2/3 years and my life it's right on track 😀
early me
imagine, the guy who makes cartoon has ADHD. like, omg.
I actually recently got diagnosed with ADHD and got put on meds, though I started with Concerta. So far, I do not notice a single thing, but that is normal for when you start on a really low dose, hah  Though, as someone who has taken several different meds over the years for a lot of different things, your story is very relatable!
Do I have ADHD and as a kid I was medicated with ritalin , it was good focus and everything, ...I just read the adverse symptoms and it could affect your mood ah thanks Google, but I left it when I was 12 years old , and well to this day I'm not medicated anymore, I'm conscious about my constant unfocus task and it's very true I'm like , oh this task goes Frist because is short ..and never doing the big one, or the out of sight out of mind kind of thing , and well Is hard... But it isn't impossible to focus
Bro started with a song abt dr=gs 💀
I don't take meds and yknow? I'm happy :) Meds just ain't for me
I use ritalin, and it works just fine, no change in feeling, I can just stay on task and not get distracted as easily, other symptoms still show, like lack of object permanence and hypersensitivity, but it does what I want it to do, however the lack of object permanence leads me to forgetting to take it, which ain't great when I need it to get work done
This is the most reliable video in existence
You’re the only creator I follow that can make an ad entertaining like it’s part of your humor
I'm ADHD, medicated with Adderall... or at least I'm *SUPPOSED* to be, but my pharmacy RAN OUT because there's a nationwide shortage of Adderall. And I just called them a few hours ago, they're saying they DON'T HAVE my prescription anymore, which is bullshit because I gave it to them FRIDAY, and I can't call my doctor for a new one because THEY'RE CLOSED.  So yeah. I get it.
Ice cream sandwich is the only youtuber that makes me actually want to watch the sponsorship ads
Saggo's brain is a phrog. Interesting.
So I feel I have to say this. The majority of people do not have ADHD. Everyone has symptoms of ADHD. At all ages. The problem is the severity and occurrences of said ADHD. For me I am have trouble driving, watching TV, playing First person shooters or other hobbies that require any amount of prolonged attention. Secondly ADHD is considered one of the most overly diagnosed disorders out there. I genuinely don't tell people about my ADHD because so many people say they have it, and on top of that have people have so many preconceived notions and beliefs that are just wrong. It's like it's cool to have ADHD, it's not fun. I've been fired from 15+ jobs, some that I could have made well over 150k+ a year. Real ADHD affects everything, other than problems woth work which aren't behavioral but just the stuff I say, I have no filter and sometimes can't concentrate enough to prevent myself from saying stuff I should not have  Another big one is interpersonal and just plain relationships, it's extremely hard to maintain relationships and other stuff. I'm genuinely sick and tired of seeing stuff like this. It sucks.
I think I'm on the wrong video. I'm autistic.
I fucking LOVE MY MEDICATION! IM GLAD I CAN BE A (more) PRODUCTIVE MEMBER OF SOCIETY
4:44 that voice was in my head. Great podcast voice. Invite him on the Ice Cream Sandwich Podcast. Name the podcast "The Filling" or something.
My problem with trying to medicate my ADHD is that my body has a high resilience to meds so for them to have an effect I had to get special sized prescriptions which meant that if they worked or not the side effects were pretty noticeable and sometimes I would feel sick. I've kinda just given up at this point and let my brain run rampant. Luckily this serves me well when my friends start rambling and I can get distracted with something else. Sometimes they just. Don't. Stop.
Side Quest Deck
So basically now this is what your channel is about. Preferred the random stuff. Good luck with the meds not messing with your brain chemistry.
I have recently been diagnosed with adhd, and I’m also have been starting on meds. Both of your videos coincided with these events, what’s going on. 😶
Sometimes adhd meds can take several months to fully work
oof. i know the torture of adhd brain. you have my condolences, dude. X_X thankfully adderall works for me, but hopefully you can find something else that helps you out. if not? oh well. you made it this far, right? XD
Okay so, it is probably a very good thing that you stopped taking Vyvanse when you did because one of the issues that it can lead to is basically heart issues and it can lead to a stroke or heart failure. And you should contact your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of such.
I also take adhd medication! And I wish I could give you some suggestions or advice but…       *_I take adderal as well_*
It is. Including watching this video in working. Like me.
Honestly, yes hi, On Vyvanse, has ADHD and now possibly undiagnosed Autism. Ye, I've been on Adderall for years then had to change due to insurance bull crap, Vyvanse currently kinda works for me- Oop, just wanted to comment;  Pills don't teach Skills.   Cause the meds can really help, yet they don't teach ya how to function when ya got that executive dysfunction.  Thanks for the video ice cream and good luck with continuing your journey of the neurodivergent ADHD experience cause yeeeee.
I've been put on Concerta before and just had a bad expierience with it. It takes a lot of work but now I'm some what productive without the druggies.
Concerta, one you mentioned, is also a slower burn.
Man; almost 40, grew up UnDiagnosed, raised by the belt having an adventure trying to figure this out the past 9 months. Nailed it with the Dr Bit: my Psyche was Charging me stupid amounts for "I Dunno" answers on Skype visits.
This is exactly the journey I had from 1995 until about 2010. It was agonizing trying so many things and always getting CLOSE but never there. After Concerta, I gave up. It was always feel like a robot, lose my personality, but get tasks done, or have my personality, do one thing, not other things, and that just---- it was exhausting. I'm really glad I saw this video. Meds don't work for everyone. They're not bad! And they work for many! But not all. And we matter too.
I think this is an extremely important video for people who are taking medications or seeking help for things. Sometimes it isn't always the first or second option that works, and a lot of people give up because of it. Sometimes it's not the right doctor or medicine, and it won't be for a while. But eventually it will be
I literally can't even imagine what you were describing with Aderol. You can just......DO....a thing?? Right away? You just DO IT??? Holy shit that sounds amazing
Just 30 minutes ago I was watching you for the first time in a long time and I get back on YouTube the latest video I had watched was the normal adhd one and I coem back to this what are the odds
I love that Adderall gives me the ability to just do things I hate that my brain requires me to essentially take meth to do anything
I use conserta
"Is the Heat-Death of the Universe, something I need to worry about" lol! :)  Talk about Random thoughts!
49 minutes ago
Honestly this vid hits home for me. I got diagnosed with ADHD at age 17 and started taking meds for it soon after.  (The following are my personal experiences with these meds and for example only. Medication options are vast for a reason, because everyone's body requires different things and will respond differently for any reason, and sometimes no reason at all. My word is not gospel, my experiences are not universal and should not be taken as such):   My first one was Intuniv, a nonstimulant med that also doubled as a blood pressure med. It was supposed to help me focus while not tripping off my anxiety. And it did! For a bit. Then I started feeling like passing out every time I stood up or did a physical activity. The blood pressure med was then thrown out... I had previously experimented with (and since then become borderline dependent upon) caffiene, and found that it chilled me out and helped me focus. I was less fidgety (unless I overdid it). In fact, it would frequently put me to sleep.   Upon hearing this - rather than having me pop Midol Complete like tictacs - my med doc put me on good old Concerta as my morning med. It's a stimulant likened to Ritalin and it set my anxiety off so those meds had to get upped too. After that it was okay. I still had some issues with focusing, though, and was still very fidgety, so we tried to up the dose a bit... Bad idea. It was too much for me and I had the Too Much Focus problem. It was like entering hyperfocus but instead of pleasantly entering the zone, or doing an anxiety speedrun of a task, I was. Locked in? Held captive by the task I was doing and all my thoughts were still rushing and loud but ONLY about that task. And it made me... Angry, I think... Just, wound up tighter than a spring. Yeah. That's how I handwrote 18 pages worth of notes on Slavic folklore and Czech history/customs (in anticipation for an admitedly lackluster fieldtrip, in retrospect) in about 3 hours before I crashed. That lasted for the full week I was on that dose. My doc lowered it back and told me to keep her updated because it sounded like a hypomanic episode but couldn't be defined as that because it was caused by drugs.   So, back to normal Concerta levels and slightly not where I want to be, but better than nothing... And now for the story of night meds. Because even with extended release, my ADHD comes out to play again a lot sooner than my doc initially thought, and with a vengeance. All thanks to a fast drug metabolism I inherited from my mom. So this stuff burns through me in about half the time (for reference, Concerta is supposed to last about 12 hours and I feel it noticeably leaving my system about 8 hours in). So my mind is awake again and suddenly I couldn't sleep. Add that I am suddenly stimulation-deprived from a day of being uncharacteristically responsible, and I get a not-small-at-all case of the ZOOMIES. Clonidine Extended-Release is supposed to help with that. It helps me sleep, because it's another blood pressure med and that's a side effect I rely on. But it is also an ADHD med that makes me even more cool-headed than in the day. This is the time of day where I'm most focused, by far. Also, this one doesn't make me headachey, dizzy, see darkness, and/or cause my knees to buckle like Intuniv did. But if I can't get it refilled for any reason, the headaches and restlessness I will feel for the next many days  will make me question my sanity. In the end, it's all about balance. And that's it! Med history and experiences. Thanks for reading!
As someone with ADHD, the only real thing I could find to help with it was doing tasks that kept my interest. Problem solving like tasks are no issue for me because they are kinda like puzzles and there’s that euphoria feeling after you solve them. But other tasks that are necessary but bored me to death, I have a hard time to be bothered with them.  I never liked the medications because they make my head fuzzy and I feel that I lose a significant portion of my cognitive abilities which is not good for trying to figure out an issue.  I’m just glad the career path I took is IT and it’s almost all problem solving. The only issue I have is doing research or studying or trainings.
I take Vyvance, it helps me but like lmao this is accurate
I got diagnosed real young and have kinda just always been on meds, upside is I can handle them real well and have a good understanding of how my focus functions when medicated and how to direct it, downside is I really struggle with self direction and doing *literally anything* while unmedicated. I've been on all the ones he verbally listed (currently Vivance) and they've across the board been helpful for school for me
Unsubscribed like you said ❤️
This is probably you best video yet! Keep up the great work!
I love this polish recognition with one of the stupidest polish song in existence at the beginning of the video...   Video is great though as always
As someone who does not have ADHD and knows very few people who suffer from it, this was very interesting and informative for my knowledge on ADHD.
So I’ve had adhd pretty much all of my life and just recently I started taking meds that actually help me instead of making me feel nasty or anxious all day. From my own personal experience I recommend non stimulant medications. They take a long while to work but I’ve never been more focused in my life than how I am now. Also I love you talking about adhd nobody ever talks about it and I really related to this whole video. I hope you and anyone who reads this talks to their doctor about non stimulants if they feel like they need to try something different. I hope I helped someone. 👍🏼
well... as someone with adhd, it took me about 6 tries to find my curent best fit, ritalin. i would recommend going back and trying more types of medication--ritalin and other methylphenidate based meds are COMPLETELY different from the amphetamine group that includes vyvance and adderall. However, I will caution you that there is currently a massive adhd medication shortage, and many people are reporting that the meds that they have gotten in the past month or so haven't worked for them anymore--tested negative for amphetamines on urine or blood tests, appetite and sleepiness came back, focus totally gone. But, eventually, maybe once the shortage is over... I would recommend trying something from the methylphenidate group. I think Concerta is the long release version most similar to vyvance within that group. Best of luck; i hope you find ways to function!
You got a link to that cow video by chance?
This is incredibly relatable coming from someone who was put on multiple different adhd meds in the span of around 7 years maybe 8 years. My worst experience so far how ever were maybe 5 different side effects at the same time which really worried my friends but it was fine (I hope) anyway this video was very relatable I did mention that right?
whats SUPER funny about it besides the rediculous cost of meds and diagnosis and treatment and etc. of ADHD (or any mental thing) is that if you have ADHD then actually FINDING AND SCHEDULING an appointment for ADHD diagnosis is very difficult! :)  so is 'membering to take my meds, which are for depression but they said it can help with adhd too and didnt help much in finding someone to get a proper diagnosis....  i no longer go to them for therapy...
I was put on vyvance but I was also on some other meds for other problems. With both of them doing the opposite thing I had to stop taking them bc I would stare off into space for no reason many times and it kinda canceled out my other meds lol.
“The ability to be able to.”   Man, I feel that on EVERY level.  Btw, thanks for documenting your journey as it’s happening. There are loads of people out there (me included) who are finding it very helpful as we start or continue on our own journeys. Plus you just have a great sense of humor, and we all need that too. 👌🏼
I am Exactly like him
I remember I was on vyvanse for a while, and during covid, my Psych couldn't record my weight, pulse, blood pressure, etc. So I lost weight. The dose stayed the same and I started having what felt like absent seizures, (auras, strange feelings like nothing is real, staring off into space while paralyzed) Fun stuff. Turns out, vyvanse had raised my blood pressure to an average of 153/100 which is very NOT normal.   Certain medications work for some people, some don't.   Talk to your doctor if you feel anything weird with a new medication for the love of god.
Use your ADHD, instead of been used.
OMG NEW VID
No way he uploaded. You’re joking.
This is weird, I have all of the symtoms of adhd but when i get tested it says false.
The way you chose to display the scattered brain was suspiciously perfect.
Wow those new meds gave you temporary autism 😂 My entire day revolves around doing one thing and branching off that in super focused bouts but not doing what I should... I may have both 😐
I am taking Vyvanse, for me, that’s not quite the case, as I have always been super passionate about many things. Thus is the effect of my half-Aspergers. So, that sort of counteracted that pure focus that you describe. Then again, every brain is slightly different!
I'll always encourage people to take the natural health route before turning to synthesized medications. How's your Magnesium? Vitamin D? Iodine? Do you have any of the MTHFR gene mutations? Are you perhaps sensitive to homocysteine? What are you eating and can you even utilize it? But your average doctor doesn't specialize in nutrition or genetic markers. It's so often "You have this problem, here is the pill to fix it. Now pay $500."
:|
Such a similar experience to mine, but instead of going to Vyvanse I tried longer lasting Rittalin/Concerta, and I feel the hyperfixation has eased plus the executive dysfunction has all but disappeared! However, my sensory issues have gotten worse/more noticeable, which points to possible Autism that was hidden by my ADHD symptoms 😅Good luck on your journery!
I did the stupid thing and stopped taking my Thyroid medications after they stopped working then lost my doctor once covid hit....nghjfdk. Kids, don't be like us. Don't be stupid and drop ur meds, talk to ur doc first BEFORE you drop ur meds in the trash~
Dude I hate adhd I had a test to study and there was a question for 127x14 then I wondered this is dum I wanna go play video games then I woke up the next day and aced it somehow
Who else vibed with that cow  cause i know i did
Hey, so Vyvanse is a stimulant. If you're on it you need to have something to counter act that. Basically blood thinners, and be VERY careful with caffeine if your caffeine sensitive.
I have ADHD and Depression so I take Buproprion, however it does cause pretty bad acid reflux for me, but it's only a 1% chance(just my luck ;-;)
I have been on meds for ages but I have almost no self awareness on how I act differently. This results in my family members that I live with having to come with me to the doctor like I'm a kid.. I'm 20.. the fact that you can make a whole video about how you felt, what changed, and when it happened is beyond me lol.
I remember I took Ritalin for many, many years. When I was younger, it seemed to be working fine, but as I got older, I realized I wasn't... like, *feeling* things the normal way. I felt like a computer, moving from one task to another dispassionately. Plus, it *ruined* my appetite.
Very funny video and informative! Thank you for sharing! If your reading this I hope you have a great day and know. “For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16‬ ‭NIV
So what you said about starting a task never finishing it and forgetting halfway through? Is soooo relatable and people get so mad at me for it i take like 3 steps and i forget all about what someone just asked me to do.
I think I have ADHD. Also weird way to say you were hooked on pills. Anyway great video
It seems like the simple answer is to just not take medication, and just figure out how to work the way your brain inherently works.
I don't think my meds work well enough tbh. Like- they worked at first??? But now they don't. I would talk to my doctor about a higher dosage to see if that works but my father is a stickler for this kind of stuff and I can't drive so he's the one who has to take me.
I also have unattentive ADHD but when I talk to someone, I don't randomly look away, I keep looking at the person but I slowly zone out but it doesn't look like it from the outside.
for those with ADHD, how did you know it was ADHD and not a personality trait like laziness or just not a good focuser? what convinced you to get it checked?   i relate to a lot of ADHD symptoms (specifically the inattentive type) but i'm not sure if it's all in my head, and i'm not sure if i wanna spend a lot of money to get it checked when i might not even have it.
As someone with ADHD,  [Going to look at somthing else, make sure to finish writing this comment before posting.]   Can confirm that even watching this video was a distraction and procrastinating from my homework.
1,630th
I kinda gave up on meds, but I think I was misdiagnosed anyway so they weren’t having the exact same effect you described. I did experience the whole “stuck focusing on tangents” thing though, though it didn’t happen just when the meds kicked in, I could switch tangents with some effort.
Glad you’re working it out
I'm not first
I have ADHD and the worst part for me is the fact I'm constantly losing weight and have only been able to get up to 152lbs once
i should proboly start taking my ADHD meds now thinking about it. but i hven't taken them in so so long i think they are expired
I get things done by thinking of all the things I need to do then logging out and letting my body autopilot everything. But sometimes The Eleventh takes over when I don't notice and does weird crap because I don't get into enough fights anymore.
you got it lad, unsubscribing.
In my experience adhd meds just like cause a hyperfocus, which is helpful only if that hyperfocus is on what you need it to be on- hyper focusing on playing Minecraft while at work for example, is not helpful
Medications have definitely helped me, but they do come with side effects (I take Vyvanse) such as lack of sleep or not feeling hungry
Adhd doesn't exist, its like we're not meant to work 9 hours a day in an office instead of exploring living and whatnot
I knew someone who had ADHD and took medication. You could always tell he forgot to take his medication because he was happier than normal and had more fun with the rest of us. And when he was on medication, he had a short fuse for anything and just had bad vibes.
Yeah I havnt gotten a screening because ✨expensive✨ but I definitely have it. I see the signs all over my room. It's a mess I have some meds but I hate how it affects my mood because it's half for anxiety. ADHD is freaking wild is all I'm saying brain is like a metal sheet wobbling sound constantly both in feeling and thinking
I love the adhd videos!!! Plz make more :)
crazy how much we can relate just  by having ADHD
I used concerta for a bit, and while it kinda worked it destroyed my appetite and I just wouldnt eat food all day long
43 minutes till you posted
I took medication for my ADHD for 10 years. They did well for the first few years but after awhile it felt like they didn't work. I changed the medication and dos size many times. That didn't work at all. So I finally got off of medication. It's been a year and I honestly am doing better
I have the same problem but Adderall didn't work for me as well so now I'm talking 50mg methylphenidate instead and it works good for me
POLISH COW LETS GOOOOOO. btw fellow adhder here.
I've been on Concerta for 13 years. It's worked wonders. It helps me focus on important things, and it has improved my life by a lot. I'm allergic to Vyvanse and at the time Adderall was recommended to me, I wasn't old enough to take it. Concerta hasn't fixed all my problems, as it's still a med that drives your focus, but again, it sure helped.
well thats some information that i wish i knew sooner! I was taking the same meds and i was having trouble breathing but i thought it was maybe because my mother smoking in the house. :D
As a kid I was on methylphenidate. It was fine until middle school / early high school where bullying became relentless for me and I fell into my first experiences with depression. The meds made me feel nothing all day, just a shell of a human walking about with no soul, but as soon as they wore off each night I would bawl my eyes out until I fell asleep. I eventually kicked the meds, and with therapy, the darker days of my depression, but I prefer to live with ADHD and have a personality, even if it means I have to feel and experience everything, good and bad. It's hard to focus and stay on track, but I'd rather suffer through that than ever consider the meds again.
I can relate to the problem with just needing to focus while also staying on task. I started Strattera at a low dose and it seems to surprisingly improve those two, and also self esteem! It’s not a stimulant like Adderall so it doesn’t have withdraw effects, tho my sleep did get a bit crazy lol.
ADHD in and of itself is a hell of a drug. I've only tried being on meds twice, but I have autism too so I have this really cool thing where I can't actually *tell* if my medicine is working because I have COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN the way I was before the medicine. It's like; I have a headache. It hurts, and I do not remember what my body felt like sans headache. It's quite awful and I very much dislike it.
I hope your journey with ADHD goes well we’re all here for you bud ❤
I took Ritalin as a kid but switched to Concerta as a teen and it was even better. I was very confrontational and aggressive w/o them and nearly got expelled from a school when I couldn’t get my normal meds. Thankfully I’ve learned to control myself better as an adult and don’t take them anymore, but I do still miss the ability to focus. I have to set reminders and calendar appointments for literally everything or I forget 5 seconds later. My wife is understanding but she still gets really frustrated with me a lot for forgetting and not paying attention. She has to stop and explain stuff to me a lot when we’re watching certain movies or shows that have a lot of information.
Yay more of this
i took cymbalta for my adhd last year and i did what you did - randomly stopped taking it. the nausea just,, went away
So adhding: the sequel
YES MORE ICS!!!
Slight issue with the sound... I had to turn my volume to MAX to hear you.
Good choice of original Animal Crossing track. That one has the best music of the series.
adhd is nuts but cool i have it
im starting to get scared because i think i might have ADHD send help
You didn't mention how long you taked this medications, this is an important information for the success of any treatment. Anyways, I hope you can progress in your journey, BTW try therapy.
So, I've been through the ringer, I ended up on Vyvanse after a million different things over many years. Just a note that a lot of people don't know, Adderall and Vyvanse are basically the exact same **ADHD** medicine. Adderall just has some extra fillers because it was originally developed for weight loss, which didn't work. But someone saw that one of the compounds in it was known to treat ADHD so they just changed the patent and did that instead. They are both dexamphetamine, which, yeah, is very similar to meth. Vyvanse is just "uncut", Adderall still has all those random attempted weight loss drug additives. Which is also why it has a very interesting effect on a lot of people, while genuinely working for others.  Edit: If you want a legit recommendation, the one that worked for me by far the best before I tried Vyvanse was Daytrana. It's weird as hell, but it works. It's a patch that you can cut to size based on how much you want that day. You just stick it on and then peel it off when you're done. I was on it for about 10 years.
Adderall has been a huge help for me academically, but it also feels so restricting. I’ve been told to workout before taking meds or after it wears off, you have to minimize caffeine (self medicated pre diagnosis), and since I’m out of shape, it’s easy to get my heart rate up.
I used to take vyvanse as a kid.  It got rid of a lot of my emotions lol.
I took Vyvanse for a bit but eventually stopped after being woken up from HORRIBLE stomach pains 3 days in a row. Switched to something called Azstarys and it’s been treating me pretty well so far!
So you're saying I shouldn't just be taking it for classes? Oh god I'm about to become even more of a worthwhile human being
I’ve been on the same adhd meds since I was a kid, but I’m starting to wonder if I should try something else. I just don’t feel like it’s working all that great and the side effects make my anxiety worse
I like the cow
I AGREE
Truely having a conversation with the people around you of just "hey due to my brain wiring i can be super productive or im just gonna have a day thats shot. Ill be doing my darndest and i will take responsibility for it best i can. please have patience with me." helps a long long way to manage it.
The entire segment inside your brain for 2+2=4 was the most accurate thing
Dang, and I really wanted to stay subscribed as well
He killed tha traped funny cow
Dude, this is my story! When I first took ritalin fast acting I found myself able to due so much...but not always what I wanted to do. I describe it as if I'm a fireman with a super powered fire hose, I can spray so much water but I struggle to be able to direct that water to the fire. The power is too high too suddenly.   Funny enough for my sister it was the other way around, she thrives on the fast acting ritalin, other ADHD meds gives her alot of mood symptoms. Brains are so diverse, I'm thankful to walk this journey with someone else so I can compare experiences.   Anyway--  I then took slow acting ritalin, this helped alot. It was a slower fire hose that went on longer. I had the ability to get that extra mental clarity while being able to control and direct it's direction. And with clonidine for a sleep aid, it was perfect.   Now I find myself in college and need a little more medication then I think I will when I'm out of school. So for now I'm taking vyvanse, which can go higher then ritalin. I found that same exact symptoms, for me my jaw started hurting so bad because how much I was clenching it. I went down a dose but it was not enough. Today I just went to my psychiatrist and he said there was no in between, so I've decided to combat the symptoms of vyvanse by take one ever other day.   Since it stays in your system for awhile, not taking it for a couple days isn't that big of a deal and actually has helped me. It keeps the symptoms from stacking up. That's just me, all brains different, talk to your doctor of course.  Anyway, my dude, I understand this so much. I hope you the best as you figure out your ADHD. It's a struggle to not feel inherently incapable, stupid, or lazy. But you are doing great, keep rocking it! Oh-and a good research I had been listening to is Dr. Russell Barkley. He's really good and entertaining to listen to his lectures. Hope you find a good balance for you and your able to hit your potential! All the good vibes your way and anyone else struggling too, or has a love one struggling!! Keep it up!! <3 <3   Oof...I...i should go study for my Chem test...might have hyper focused on writing this comment. Welp, it hope it helps someone feel more understanded, wish me luck!
Yooo he's just like me fr
First Day Meds: "Oh my god. I can just... sit... and listen to the teacher. And once I got home, I remembered everything" Present Day: "my tolerance is way trough the roof, which is probably why my meds aren't working anymore, so I should take bigger doses, but becuase there are no viable psychologists in my area there is noone I can talk about my case and coordinate my medication. Help :( "
The majority of meds are like this. Right now I'm taking depression meds and if I stop taking it for a couple days: a lot of bad stuff happens to my body. I recommend a gene test to find your perfect medicine which has worked for me. :)
I also have ADHD and I used to take adderall every weekday as a kid but I stopped for a while. Then I started doing bad in school so I started taking it again but it made me not feel like myself and I didn’t get used to it. I haven’t taken any medication since and I still have the same problems but don’t take meds because I didn’t like how I felt when I did take them.
I have ADHD and Autism, and it gets weird. For example, my thoughts oftentimes chase tangent after tangent, and sometimes trace an elaborate circle or just seemingly jump in a random direction. But my thoughts ran through a whole internal dialogue so fast, that I am now off topic, and the conversation that I am actually having… is broken. And yes I do take meds
I was gonna go do something important, but then my ADHD was like "Watch this video"
My ADHD daughter is on her third medication…. Vyvanse worked well for her, but costs way, way, way too much. She’s now on methylphenidate (aka Ritalin), and it is working well enough that she can do college. It costs like $100 with insurance, but self-pay is about $44, so that’s what we do. I can’t believe how expensive meds for ADHD are.
2024 edit: I didn’t begin *seriously* questioning my symptoms and looking into care until your videos. They really helped me put into perspective what real ADHD looks like, and it turns out I’ve been undiagnosed all my life! Over a year later, I’m diagnosed and am on Vyvanse. It was my first med I tried so I haven’t tried anything else. It’s been working *really* well for me! I’m sorry it didn’t work so well for you tho! But thank you regardless ICS for helping me get diagnosed and FINALLY have the resources to help balance my imbalances!  I was never diagnosed with adhd growing up, but as life goes on, I’m beginning to wonder if I actually do have it, because I cannot focus very well on much, and when I do tasks, I need multiple stimulus going on, like music, or a movie, and then something with my hands to keep attention
Bro is legit the guy I would watch if I were sick at home or just vibin. Anyone relate?
Unsubscribe it is 🙂.
I used to think I have ADHD, I was grateful to find out I just needed to work on focusing.
Thanks for uploading! I love your content man it’s pretty funny.
God this is so relatable. I’ve been on focalin and (when I remembered to take it) I literally just did whatever task I was doing really well. This was sometimes exams or homework but a lot of times it was a puzzle (for 8.5 hours), a nap, or cleaning
i really hope i'm able to get diagnosed and get meds. Adhd/Add is making my selfsteem be really bad and general life be unproductive and complicated
As someone who is SO DESPERATELY TRYING to get on meds for ADHD, honestly this helped to see how different meds worked and what might be right for me
Honestly as someone who's taking ADHD meds for school the second one is really relatable, cuz with the meds I'm taking it started out good for awhile where I'd be able to focus on the lesson and get like 3 in a row done, but then I noticed after like a week or so I just started going really quiet and constantly felt in danger. Like, I could still finish the work, but I'd flinch at the slightest noise. And, not gonna get into specifics, but it got to the point where I started having mental breakdowns once I was done with the school hours because of the constant unexpected anxiety. Even started getting headaches too, and my vision started to feel weird. If I tried to read something that wasn't on the laptop it just felt like the letters were constantly changing. Tried telling my mom but she said I hadn't had these reactions when I started the meds and that they were a really low dose so the meds can't be the problem.  YA KNOW I FEEL LIKE IF THE PERSON TAKING THE MEDS IS TELLING YA THEY'RE STARTING TO FEEL WEIRD YOU SHOULD PROBABLY AT LEAST CONSIDER IF THEY'RE RIGHT-
This video is a little misleading.
I'm trying to find new meds because the ones I take give me headaches, make me not want to eat even when I'm hungry, and also just make me feel depressed, which then led me to getting actual depression when off my meds (yes I have it diagnosed, I'm not one of THOSE kinds of people)  So... Be careful with your meds
The fact that I'm ignoring my homework just to get easily distracted watching this lol
Some of my best friends have ADHD and ADD (which I think is now clasifie under ADHD) and they are in high ability, if you have AdHD, don't get discouraged!
If I can put a suggestion out there. I was required to have an ECG (heart listen essentially) before I went on my ADHD meds because they can effect your heart rate. Don't know if this is done in America cuz I live in New Zealand but do it if you can afford it. They also tell you it's good to take a break over the weekend when you are an adult but this may vary between meds so ask your doctor
As someone who is not diagnosed with adhd i really like mcdonalds sundae icecream
Is it weird that whenever i see an icecream sandwich  video longer than 5 minutes i always know that there’s a sponsorship 😭     Great video btw
turned it into dhda
I still can't imagine how tf people manage their life without getting distracted like I do with Adhd. I've literally skipped meals, not because of depression or anything like that, simply because I got distracted and forgot.  AND I STILL HATE THAT I STILL DO IT.
Sending this to my friend who recently got some meds for his adhd.
I used to take medication, but I stopped because I hated it and it made me feel hollow  and it barely even helped in the first place
get a routine, do sports, eat healthy. takes some time but it works wonders.
I take dexmethylphenidate for my ADHD and it works great. I was really lucky to be put on a medication that works for me at the start, and also to be someone who doesn’t experience side effects much in general. I hope you find a solution, because drugs kind of changed my life (in a not depressing way)
WOOOO!! I been waiting for this!! xD
Ah, brain chemistry. We know enough to know that we don't know enough to fix the issues. It is frustrating
I have a question:  I know you're not supposed to self-diagnose, but when you make connections of one person's symptoms with things that you do often, would that be an appropriate time to get tested for presumed symptoms?  When I saw your first video, most of the listed symptoms you had showing as ADHD were actually things that I do alot.  In fact, I thought of asking this question an hour ago, but instead clicked on a video about roblox and ended up wasting loads of time.  So yeah, if I can draw connections from my day to day issues to someone else's symptoms, would that be an appropriate time for testing if you actually have the disorder?
The way he describes how he felt without medication rings very true to me, and then the way I was actually shocked and amazed when he said when he took the medication he was able to say he wanted to do something then do it makes me think all those online tests and medical recommendations maybe were right all along
i remember being medicated it was not a good time for me
I don't know if it's just me, but Ice Cream person's video are crazy quiet compared to the other videos on Youtube. I have to crank my volume super high to be able to hear it
Yeah talk to the psych about Ritalin and Concerta. They have the same affect as vivance for me (at least, what you described) but not as focused, and without thos side effects. I've been taking them for years, and the only problems I've had are them wearing off too soon or the tolerances building up. When that happens you just TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR and up the dose a tiny bit. Like 2 MG each time.
I've actually been told by multiple psycs that you can go on and off most adhd meds whenever. Its actually good to take medication vacations because sometimes your brain will get used to them and they'll get less effective. Of course always ask your doctor before doing stuff, but they aren't like SSRIs.
Adhd is just...    Increadably weird...    ̦it feels...
just when i started watching this video my dad brought me an ice cream sandwich from the store, that was fun... also great video :D
"don't forget to 'UNSUBSCRIBE'!!!"
Claim you’re here in less than an hour ticket V
LMAO i just did the thing he was saying not to do last week. I went cold turkey on 60mg of strattera without consulting my doctor oops
I personally take Vyvance 40mg and it works great for me..... now.  Took a little bit to figure out what was going on but like you I had similar symptoms, lack of sleep, out of breath, heart racing. Its a stimulant.. so if you are already someone who takes stimulants like caffeine in its many many forms you will feel it and it isn't good.  Also while I am certainly more focused and attentive I am still me.. I had like 40 years of being non medicated to build up habits and coping mechanisms to work around my undiagnosed ADHD.. stuff like that is harder to break.
37 MINUTES!!??!!!!???!?
one thing about taking meds for anxiety, depression, ADHD is that you have to experiment to see what best works for you. Theres not just one for all
i took wellbutrin for my ADD and  *never. again*
This video is a bit quiet to me, is it to anyone else?
0:01 the cocaine cow         I CANT THATS ME
I stopped taking my meds after like 12 years out of nowhere I take vyvanse and had no adverse side effects in lucky
As someone whos been prescribed Adderall for many years you really gotta be a certain kind of person for it to work for you. Its difficult to explain (cus as it turns out the way it works is super complicated)
Concerta is concentrated suck
I'm bipolar, among other things, and I take Concerta. Well, the generics, anyway.  So guess what fun stuff has been happening? That's right! There's a shortage! It's been happening since sometime in November.  It has NOT been a pleasant few months.
Huh, I'm taking elvanse and it is a completely different feeling. It is rather subtle from an effect and I could honestly not even tell if it did anything at first, but what it does is definitely helpful. Im just more motivated and focused which is great, but it also means I can't really chill as it feels like I am focus on something even if not or have to do something productive...and I don't really know how to do that. But sometimes I would really wish for something more potent as it's still a lot of work to get me to actually do something.
pin?
Is ADHD a reason why you don't upload often?
I have ADHD that is true I take ritalin 5mg
this is precisely why I'm scared to get on meds :')
Jeeze, had to nearly triple my volume to even hear this video.
Adderall and Meth look very similar
I’m sure it will work out for you bro. Just remember that this (wonderful) community that you created has your back every step of the way. We love you buddy :)
So, I have adhd and had a similar experience of headaches and feeling bad. I talked to my doctor and when I got weighed, I lost 10 pounds in a month. So my suggestion (and what I do now) is to just build going to the kitchen very often since vivance actually makes you feel like you aren't hungry.
Adhd with meds suck and makes being off meds more fun so I usually put off taking them lol
I'm poop myself
Yeah that’s weird, I took these pills that would help my ADD and it was great but it would make me not hungry and that would worry people, and I would have to say it over and over, then be starving by the time I get home. I can’t remember what the pills where called but they helped. I hope thing go well for you also love your vids so much so funny😂😂😂
Thank you, Mr. Sandwich, for repping the ADHD experience for all of us scatterbrained wierdos. I've had experience with adhd & meds for a while, and there were so many relatable moments in this vid. When you were talking about the whole "taking meds even when there's awful side effect" issue... I felt so seen... Best of luck to you on your mental health journey, I'm at a bit of a crossroads on mine, but I'm so happy to have fun and relatable content like urs to help along the way
Was the use of a song about coming down from a high intentional?
I got guanfacine
wtf happened to the audio volume bruh yes this is my hourly adhd hyper focus of the hour
I’m writing a paper about ADHD management and Im figuring out medication is one of the most difficult parts about having ADHD. Managing our symptoms is difficult and the honest truth is there’s no one fix solution or cure. You have to work everyday to pick and choose how you want to work with your disorder. The best thing you can do for yourself is do some heavy research about ADHD (diagnosis, symptoms, etymology, social issues, and medication / psychosocial therapy) and then figure out a plan from there with a good support system to hold yourself accountable. At least, that’s what I’m trying to do after 8+ years of knowing my diagnosis but not understanding it.
The intro is super ironic, because the Polish Dancing Cow is singing about cocaine. I have a lot of mixed feelings on medication. Firstly, it's CRAZY EXPENSIVE without insurance, so that makes it very difficult to maintain regular dosing. Secondly, it DOES help-- my college years were the most productive of my life, but getting off it is agonizing. I was on 80 mgs of Concerta, and when I could no longer afford it, I felt like death warmed over. Been unmedicated for nearly a decade now, because America. >:
ive always used concerta
I have ADHD (hiper focused on video games) and that makes it hard to focus EDIT I started on 5 MG now I'm on a Extended dose and I'm doing better!
Used to take meds for my adhd but they made me develop breasts *not even joking look it up lmao*
8 x Ti
I can understand why you took the meds but, honestly? It feels like a temporary solution to me. I've stopped taking my medication because it felt like I was just patching the dam with duct-tape instead of finding a more permanent solution like finding a job that fits me or learning some mental exercises.
The creature has returned
I was on Vyvanse for 15 something years. This is how it is.
My favorite part is how anxiety and depression come along for the ride, and now I'm an emotional wreck
Can you make an update on what you use to animate
it took away my hunger, i ended up 80 pounds for 5 years
You made a video yes!,!
Oh my gosh I speed clicked as soon as I saw you posted - thank you for posting today! I have a midterm today and was super stressed, but you made me laugh and cheered me up. Wish me luck 🤞
cool
Hi
I've been diagnosed woth adhd for most of my life and before I turned 18 I took methylphenidate, worked great but can't take it anymore because insurance won't pay for it for adults :/. I kinda miss being able to focus "better", now everything is boring and I don't get anything done.
dude you had a really similar experience to me. i took vivance when i was in grade school for a bit and it took away my personality and my appetite. my mom said “was like a zombie.” aderall kind of did something but not really? it’s hard to explain. great video and thank you for being open about this with us. i followed your instruction at the end of the video 😊
too much
I take equasym for mine although I do have AHDH and ASD, I’m in the UK as get them for free with NHS so I don’t know how much it would be in the USA nor do I know if it’s even available there. It works grate although for a year I haven’t taken it because for some reason I just like to play life on hard mode and have my mind going at 1000 mph on the M24 at all times. I have been able to train my brain to cope with things I find hard without the meds even though I could take the meds if I wanted, I think I have convinced my self that it’s a challenge that I don’t need meds to function.
Relatable.
Oh man, I remember when I was on vyvanse. I thought it was helping at first, but then it just...stopped. Even after a dosage increase. So I stopped taking it, and in that time of waiting for the vyvanse to get out of my system, it felt like my brain was removed from a pressure cooker. I was like "dayum, was I feeling this shitty this entire time??? No wonder I was so stressed!" It was like, the slow boiling the frog situation, where the heat was turned up so slowly that I didn't notice my brain was being boiled alive, if that makes sense.
Ok, I did as you wished and unsubscribed!      JK ;)
Ice cream sandwiches are my medication....not the videos, but those are good too.
DUDE. I have never watched a video that so closely resembles my symptoms from ADHD. I can say with complete certainty that I am going through _exactly_ the same thing right now. It is so helpful to know I'm not to only one. I've heard online and from doctors a bunch of stuff like, "It makes you have a hard time focusing," or, "You are easily distracted," but those held no value really because they were more general terms. I've been doing so bad lately with productivity that I never thought it could be ADHD from what was described, and would still blame myself. Don't get me wrong, I still need to take the initiative to do stuff, but to have someone so accurately mirror my symptoms kind of feels validating for me. It's great to know I'm not the only one out there like I still thought I was even after the diagnosis. It's kind of hard to explain, but I'm thankful for this video. I know you aren't a doctor or anything and this isn't very medical advice, but that's kind of what I needed. I'm tired of medical explanations for things and pretty much just wanted to know that what _I've_ been doing wasn't just me being lazy. I've always summed it up to: "I have poor time-management skills, and it's a problem only _I_ can fix." I'm on Adderall right now (slow-release pill, though), and I agree with what you're saying. I feel like I have energy to do things, but I can't focus on anything. I can do but not think. Even the energy stimulant part of it is starting to wear off, I think. That might just be me getting less sleep, though. Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you. I kinda needed this right now because things have been going downhill a bit. Even right now I'm doing the exact thing I'm not supposed to do. I have a lot of work to do and instead I'm WRITING A PARAGRAPH RESPONSE TO A YOUTUBE VIDEO. ADHD sucks. Sometimes I feel like it's great because I get all these ideas (even when they are out of nowhere and when I should be doing stuff) and sometimes I feel like it's a barrier between me and my tasks. I have almost your EXACT symptoms right now and, I assure you, you aren't lazy (even if you've already realized it at this point). Thank you SO MUCH for this because validation is the best thing I could've asked for right now. You're a great YouTuber btw. You're animations are good as ever and hilarious. Also, I've got to say, the part where you show like five people in your brain talking at once about unrelated subject has got to be the funniest and most accurate thing I've seen about ADHD. You most likely aren't gonna see this, but if you do then thanks for helping me understand this a little bit better, and maybe I can stop beating myself up from time to time. Maybe it will make me _slightly_ less guilty. Have a good day, and I believe you can get through this!... Alright, I'd say I've sufficiently wasted my time let's get back to what I actually need to do.   ... Ooh, wait I got an idea this'll be quick I promise...
On a day to day basis honestly I have to take ADHD medicine every day but I still act erratic  - Someone with ADHD, Aspergers, Grammatical Dyslexia, and OCD
The dopamine corpse was hilarious
I loved the video, thank you for taking the time out of your life to make it. 👍
I probably  should be doing homework :>
also if you have hunger issues i take this anihistemine that causes weight gain and hunger
I Go watched the polish cow 2 seconds into this video
I remember that I also just stop taking my meds cold turkey. Bit different with anti depressants but still definitely something you shouldn't do. I only did because I just couldn't afford them and I was moving to another state, and my provider was a jerk and I didn't wanna deal with them to try and get new meds for where I was. It was absolute hell for a bit but luckily my brain eventually adjusted
I had the bad experience(memory loss, loss of cognitive freedom, etc) but its cool to see the effects I was supposed to have.
I have it but without the hyper activity.   On meds. I either become god. Or become god at the most random activity.
Makes me wonder whether I'm just autistic or AutiHD. I have the same problems with trying to organize tasks efficiently resulting in no tasks actually getting done, though I actually have those "hyperfocus"-days without medication. Sometimes it's just 20 hours of electronics, 20 hours of train stuff or 20 hours of a specific game to a point where I forget to eat, drink or even use the toilet.
Bruh at least something happens, I got ADD but ADHD meds have 0 effect one me. It's like my brain is gaslighting me into thinking I don't have ADD and it's working fuckin' fantastically.
Hi people
Just unsubscribed, thanks for the reminder!
Just got meds last week
I have never gotten tests done on me to figure out what is wrong with my head. I self diagnosed some type of ADHD because the people I've seen actually have been diagnosed have similar stuff happen to them compared to the stuff that happens to me. I don't say I have adhd as is and said some type of it because i want to lie to myself in the rare case i actually have it so that i feel like i'm fine and don't have something messing with my brain so it doesn't work normally. Thing is... my productivity is based around motivation.  there's the high motivation days where i can decide what to focus on, hyperfixate on it as i am working on it and therefore finish it in no time at all or if it is something that doesn't have a clear finish line then i at least get a lot of work done in such short amounts of time i feel like the flash  the middle motivation days are usually what happens with school work. I get things done but i don't really work efficiently. I get distracted and waste a lot of time but i force myself to get the work done. Doesn't mean ill be fast or do what i want but at least i do what i have to do  the low motivation days i don't do much if at all. Most of the days i could work to be free later i just don't do anything and i can't concentrate at all. I barely write a line and i'm distracted the rest of the day with my phone on youtube. Worst thing is that i no longer control on what do i hyperfixate so my thoughts are random at 1000 km a sec and all at the same time and i get on loops when having a train of thought then my mind starts wanting to do something but my body feels like doing something else. Like i want to write but my body wants to draw and i don't have enough motivation to force either to do anything so i'm just there grumpy cause i don't really feel like doing anything so i don't work neither do i have fun and it is frustrating
Vyvanse made me incredibly tired to the point where I would fall asleep multiple times during the day. It definitely helped the hyperactivity, but it did that by making me fall asleep lmao
So glad I finally have someone on YouTube with as strong of ADHD as me. It’s so nice to have something made by someone with an attention deficit designed to hold people’s attention.
ADHD go burrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr✈✈✈✈✈
Fun Fact: Adderall is a Party Med because most people don't have ADHD. Adhd makes people have a reverse reaction to some stimulants, like Adderall... or Caffeine.   If I drink tea or coffee, I get calm. Not energetic, calm.
I have ADHD, and I am on meds, but the meds are not for ADHD specifically. They're for my anxiety disorder, which in turn does help with ADHD symptoms, since I get less headaches and I'm not debilitated by my anxiety preventing me from doing anything. Now I can at least do *something* (might not be the right thing but i'll take what i can get).
I have ADHD and life is a struggle with or without medication
Omg I also had a bad experience with vyvanse 😭 that shit makes you feel DRUGGED. I took it once and then embarked on a 6 hour long wikipedia wormhole where I didn’t eat a single meal. and my heart rate was CRAZY. I didn’t take it again
That cow at the beginning and this song in my native language made me so confused that I don't know were the heck Im now 0_O
Polish cow dancing
Few things to say. 32 years old, ADHD diagnosed since childhood. Just information for anyone who, unfortunately, forms opinions based on YouTube comments. So... a lot of you.   1. Adderall is not meth. It's not "effectively taking meth." This is simply not true. It's funny, but Adderall is a really useful medicine too. Adderall has a similar chemical structure to meth (surprisingly similar, and it is a stimulant) but it's not meth. And it doesn't behave like meth. So don't tell people that it is. I've had it described to me that the stimulant is stimulating the ~restraint~ in your brain. So we don't get all energized or hyper, we just regain self control.   2. ADHD medicine, if you get a good version of it that works for you, will help you get stable. When you are stable, you need to learn to do the things you're not good at. Those don't just come with the pill, unfortunately. Like if you're bad at focusing, Adderall will remove your ~obstacles~ to being focused. But it can't teach you to focus. But the great news is that many of the skills you learn while stable, you still have access to when you're off your medicine! It helps a lot.  3. Yeah you might not react well too your first medication. Keep trying, it's so worth the trouble if you find something effective. But even then, remember point 2. You need to train yourself in the new, necessary skills while the medicine is working. You don't get focus in a pill. Personal growth is still required, but it's way, way easier.  And for the love of God talk to a professional. Why are you listening to any of us? This is YouTube. The YouTube comment section. Run away, get to a trained professional.
what a coincidence tho my adhd led me to this vid and supposed to be studying for my mid terms
I had horrible reactions to every med I was put on. My best option was to stay clean of them and just discipline my mind and harness chaos in constructive ways. Btw, your depiction of Adhd is spot on man.
I don’t take any meds for anything, but I do have adhd. What I do, is I try and have fun with whatever I’m doing, that way, I can focus on it better.   That’s why I’m behind in my school, because there’s nothing fun about doing math.
Through out my experience it is hard to control ADHD it just happens, people say you can grow out of the ADHD symptoms hopefully that's true
Love that he put extra time into the video abt keds cuz he knew the impact it could have
I take prescribed meds for ADHD but idk if they work anymore and they seem to have 0 effects.
i use vivance and i have similar problems and its all in the right dose, too much and you cant sleep and you feel bad, too little and it does basically nothing, i get it but just try different doses and milligrams and eventually it should work out
My friend(who has adhd) took medication and it worked for like a week but after that she got unbearable pain and felt so so sick and had to leave school early twice so she had to go off the medication but now she can’t listen properly 😅
You should try methylphenidate, I take it everyday and it helps me stay on task but I can still switch from task to task with ease most of the time, and that's saying from someone who was diagnosed with adhd since I was a baby and has taken that same pill since I was 3 years old. I'm 13 now and it works really well for school.
32 minutes ago this was posted
*Laugh cry's in 65 mg* also koncerta or however it is spelt works for me and gives a nice inbetween
i started medication this year also (fairly short ago) and i was looking forward to this video <3
I took Concerta as a child, and moved on to Vyvanse around middle school. Since it’s a controlled substance, the doctors can’t refill it until you are out for the month. 5/6th’s of the time, they fill it JUST as I run out. But sometimes I have to miss a day, and the withdrawal symptoms are aggravating to deal with.
Yeah I use Caffeine and Ashwagandha as my Adderall and Vyvanse lol
7:38 That bit really caught me off guard. You may be easily distracted, but you're a damn good writer lol
I wouldn't be able to function every day without my meds
Does anyone just feel like they want to be crazy for a day? Like, if you got offered a chance to act crazy with no one remembering it was you, would you just run around and scream about how the world will end in 7 days and how big oil is what causes cheese to be stale?  While this might be a very random question, i feel its fitting on a video about ADHD. (Not the crazy part, the random thought part)
Dopesick Season 2
Only tried 2 meds so far? Only 2? Wait, what was I talking about?
ADHD is like beeing on psychedelics al the time. I love it
Good video 👍
I hate adhd with meds I just got off a month ago
Used to be medicated as a kid, but currently unmedicated. I'm generally good at doing physical tasks like cleaning because mess bothers me enough to do something about it + it's my job. But, when it comes to mental or creative oriented goals I'm fucked. Like, I'll get super hyped about something like a book idea, I'll start writing for a couple of days, and then it's like I get mentally fatigued and lose all drive to do the thing I WANT to do. My brain is like a really old and weak horse that I need to plow a massive field, but the horse drops exhausted after 30 minutes of work. It's really frustrating.
As someone whose been on Vyvanse for a few years now, this is 100% accurate. Even down to the symptoms- which for me came about because of having caffeine when I was on it. Apparently that can exacerbate the side effects
fun fact about polish cow, that song is about a guy doing coke and going away to "oblivion"
Oh yeah, that 2nd medication had him meth’d out
I’ve been on meds for 10 years now I feel so seen by this!!! I had a similar experience with Vyvanse when I first started, had crazy shortness of breath and heart palpitations. Switched to Concerta soon after and have been learning how to regulate as an adult 😄 it’s really encouraging to hear friendly voices discussing this subject honestly
That music during the Nord VPN stuff sent me back to my childhood and I know it's Mario but I can't remember what... someone helpe
I take vyvanse!
The whole "oh its meth thing" annoys me because 1. It's not meth. It's close yes but not meth. and 2 it interacts differently with the ADHD brain and when done properly will not result in addiction.
Yah I take addaroll I hate it
I have ADHD but I have no meds and I need a retest since my mom lost my papers when she moved away
I don't no what a HD is but my doctor said I have 80 of em..
this is the only person that can make me watch the sponsor on a vid
I have adhd with meds, too.
Being able to focus on one task at a time seems so surreal to me it's like imagining being able to fly.
regardless of if you decide to try other medication, you may benefit from looking at ADHD and executive dysfunction coping mechanisms and seeing if that also helps you self regulate! this can also really be helpful when first starting meds, so that you can point your more focused self in the right direction more easily.
my day just got a lot better. thank you.
Is it just me or is this video super quiet? I have it at max volume both in youtube and main volume and its still hard to hear.
Hey IceCream Sandwich and everyone! I have been recently learning in my Abnormal and Clinical psychology class that most pharmaceutical drugs addressing mental disorders and illnesses(ie. psychiatric drugs, antidepressants, etc.) have been very ineffective treatments for treating them(in the long term run) since it doesn't really address any underlying causes of your disorder/illness but rather sort of "treats" your symptoms(mainly in the earlier phases of taking the medication). The reason why medications are prescribed in the first place is because a HUGE a false belief that mental disorder/illnesses are a result of a "chemical imbalance in the brain" so the drugs would consequently usually inhibit or produce more of the certain neurotransmitters believed to be "out of balance". HOWEVER, there have been NO studies that prove mental illnesses are even RELATED to/AFFECTED by "chemical imbalances" of the brain. SO NOW, what happens is that the the drugs are just messing with the communication system in your brain and your brain due to homeostasis(tendency of body to return to a natural state) will do the opposite of what the drug has been doing to adjust to the changes its been making to your brain. That is why most people can end up relying on drugs and getting worse symptoms because if they use it for too long and suddenly stop, they'll have awful withdrawal symptoms since your body had been so accustomed to a system that runs on drugs.   Note: I cannot really go into depth of how problematic and deeply ingrained the pharmaceutical drug industry is with prescribing drugs that aren't really effective at treating issues with unknown causes(other than its symptoms/label) so if you want to learn more about it yourself feel free to read "Anatomy of the Epidemic" by Robert Whitaker. He goes into a lot of depth about these issues and has no conflicts of interest!
I watch your videos while doing my studies while i think about commenting on this video. This is not ADHD its just me.
Try a different med and study eastern philosophy=super self discipline ❤✨ GOOD LUCK!
when i was put on meds for my ADHD it made things SO much worse, because instead of focusing on the exam that was in front of me at the time, I WENT OVER THE ENTIRE STORY OF NARUTO IN MY HEAD, when i was done i only had 30 minutes left of a history test
Holy crap, I just started Vyvanse and ended up cleaning the garage instead of coursework. :(
ADHD truly is somethin it’s like a roller coaster you can lose a lot of friends bc of it and i have both types 💀
I have a weird relationship with ADHD meds. Sometimes they work and sometimes they don't. Also certain environments can help or hurt the meds. If I'm listening to music it helps boost the start up of the meds but if I'm in a room with very talkative kids then in greatly hurts it. I also have something that I like to call an ADHD Crash. It's where the effects of the meds go a complete 180 and I can never focus at all. Any noise can throw me in a fit of rage because I'm desperately trying to think straight. Not good when it happens in class.
DONT FORGET TO UNSUBSCRIBE...    -WAIT   ME: SAY LESS.
I am currently taking meds for my ADHD and I'm currently taking Adderall and it helps since I am in school because I will work on one thing, and then I will have something else to do really quickly which is really good for school
I was diagnosed with adhd back in like 1st grade, they started me off on vivance and as I got older they slowly upped the dosage till about 5th grade and since then I’ve been taking that same dosage almost every day, since I have been on these meds for so long, on the days that I don’t take them I feel like a totally different person and I also find it harder to control my emotions without my meds. Edit: also when I’m not on my meds I tend to just straight up stare off into space, like there are no thoughts I sit completely still and I don’t even think I blink and that tends to happen at intervals of around 5-10 minutes before I snap out of it. This is always amplified any time I try to do anything that involves thinking. So I would typically just stare at my piece of paper for like an entire hour.
I don’t take ADHD med’s even though I have it so I don’t know what it’s like to not have the wellermen song the Bloody Mary song and the kill bill song playing in my head in history class or In any other class 😅
The accuracy... it's inSAIYAN
Finnaly a new vid
Adhd kid on meds here, QUICK NOTE: Concerta and Ritalin are both the same thing, methylphenidate. I take both. The only difference is that Concerta is an extended release capsule and is normally in larger doses but takes longer to administer, as it dispenses over time. It is called long acting methylphenidate by pharmacies. Ritalin, on the other hand, is legit just a pill made of packed methylphenidate and it absorbs instantly. It is Called short acting methylphenidate by the pharmacies.  Keep in mind that these are both the same medication, and they are both stimulants. If a normal person was to take them, you would be bouncing off the walls. If I was to take them, I space out. Apparently adhd makes stimulants act like depressants (drugs that slow you down, not cause depression) and vice versa. If I drink coffee, it causes me to feel more tired. If I take benadryl, I go freaking insane. I haven't had it in a while tho, so idk about now but when I was a kid it was unbearable.  The cool part about adhd is it is literally galaxy brain like it is in the memes. You are great at thinking about multiple things at once non stop, it just gets a little confusing if you don't know how to manage it.
you described that feeling of being out of breath perfectly, i’m gonna use that from now on
I took aderal and it caused permanent heart problems :D
I just bought the ice cream sandwich plushy while watching the video... about ADHD. Safe to say, I got distracted... and have terrible financial  sense
Adderall is amazing. But it gives me a weird side effect: it completely removes my ability to feel hunger. I have to remind myself or set timers so I eat at least one meal a day. My record is three days without eating. I wasn't hungry, but I did nearly faint so I stopped the experiment.
polish cow polish cow polish cow polish cow
I have ADHD and I've taken meds for a good 10+ years. I'm now not talking then and is able to complete task and do my job. Haven't taken those meds in quite some time, so I've learned to cope with it without having to take my meds. YIPPEE
Just curious but does anyone here also have “the tism” (if you know you know) Question: When I took ADHD meds my personality changed and I want to know if anyone else has had a similar experience.
Claim you "here within 1 hour" ticket here
That took a long time
My vyvanse increases my heart rate a lot (sometimes it’s resting at 140 for an hour or two) so it might be related to that. I’m glad somebody finally mentioned vyvanse! It works great for me, but i totally get what you’re saying.
ADHD gang yaaaaa let's go let's go woooooooooooo ahg.....
My experience with Vyvanse was *very* similar
for a polish person, the song is about drugs btw
hey does it mean something when the dancing cow was more engaging so much so that i slipped into my habit of making everything 2x speed lmaooo
ive been on medication for like a year so i feel u 😌
YAY! New icecreamsandwich video!! My week is better
As someone with ADHD your videos are very relatable I’m glad that I found you
I do fine without meds I just need to focus more
I’m currently on an adhd med called focalin, and it works for me. There’s a catch however: it makes it so that I don’t really have an appetite. So if I don’t actively focus on getting something to eat, I’ll probably be running on basically nothing until the meds wear off and I get hungry again.
ICE CREAM SANDWITCH POSTED!!!
I’m not trying to convince you of anything, this is just basic understanding I’ve accumulated having severe ADHD and being medicated myself. NO THESE ARE NOT FACTS! With ADHD meds it’s about trial and error. You kinda just keep trying until you find the right medication and dosage that works for you. So if you would like to be medicated again, go for it. But it’s important to remember that it takes time to find the right meds. And being unmedicated is ok too, it’s all up to you.♥️ Good Luck Andy! 🤍
Is it me or is the video really quiet?
people who argue the "one molecule from meth" thing don't have the right idea. I could argue that water is "one molicule" from not being water. one molicule can compeltly change an element. ITS NOT METH.
"Don't forget to unsubscribe-- ..wait!" Just this once, I shall disobey.
I hope you find the solution that works best for you, soon. No med is perfect, and as you stated you really have to work on yourself while taking the meds to get their full effect.
7:13 why is this so bad?
I’m going to give a piece of advice, and this is for anyone who might need it. If you’re struggling with ADHD, medications do help, but not every one works for every person. Experiment and talk with your physicians about trying different ones. I had struggled for so long with ADHD but after years of trying different things I found that Atomoxetine worked the best for me. Don’t be afraid to try different ones just because one didn’t work for you.
as a person with ADHD (along with probably a couple other things), im surprisingly aware of how my brain works and my habits so anytime i think about how a medication would affect me, the result is always negative :( i also feel like id almost be losing a part of me just so i can function in a world that was set up against how i naturally am, and that's not a bad thing? idk, either way thanks for sharing your experience :))
I’ve been medicated for years and yeah it’s just like that sometimes biggest hurdle with meds for me is just void of having any appetite
Damn the timing, tomorrow I'm going to make some test so they can rediagnose my ADHD so the ensurance pays my meds wish me luck lads
Hey I also have adhd and I take guanfacine ( I hope I spelled that right ) it helps a lot by just helping you generally be slightly more focused and builds up over many weeks instead of a daily temporary effect. I’ve also had a lot of troubles with meds and have gone through 3 by now but this one has worked for 8 months now and you can strengthen or weaken the effect depending on how much you take.
ADHD :D
once you find the right medication, t can literally change your life. I also struggled with getting the right meds and tried a couple different ones but settled on an extended release Adderall capsule (well its actually the generic brand of amphetamine salts but shhhhh)  Time NEVER used to work normally and I never understood why I was always late or time would pass in weird ways that didn't make any sense but one I started my meds, time started to just click. I could feel and understand the passage of time in a way I NEVER was able o before which was wild. People live like this normally!??! WOW. When you explained that Adderall gave you this ability to just be able, I felt that so much. It really feels like that and I never want to go back to the way I was. Who would have thought "do the thing" would ever be so easy.
I take meds for my adhd and if i don't eat fats/a meal beforehand they don't work, and I can get super lightheaded. If u get back on meds i recommend taking omega 3 supplements before the meds, they'll help u not crash. good luck bro
The following is NOT medical advice, go talk to a real doctor. BUT, Y’all should check out Qelbree. It’s like a “Dopamine SSRI” is the best way I can describe it. It helps, but I haven’t had those same side effects that stimulants gave me. But it also doesn’t stimulate, so you have to learn to get the ball rolling in the first place. I dunno, it’s helping me, maybe it’ll help y’all.
ADHD ist Ya that’s right
YAyyyy ADHD...
I started Adderall but ended up having bad panic attacks due to it being a stimulant. So now I'm on Strattera and feel.... nothing. It supposedly takes a while to kick in so I'm playing the waiting game. ADHD meds are a trip.
The vyvanse crash tho... 😶‍🌫
I also have adhd and am on meds so this is really relevant for me
Everyone has different brain chemistry, there's a reason there's so many medications for individual brain problems.
Guess what I ate a fruit snack and I put it in my mouth and rubbed it
I can't tell if I have ADHD myself since I do have autsim which for some reason is extremely useful for how to see what the world is and also military strategies.
Ahh how relatable! It seems so many of us CANNOT find a good med 😀
i was falsely diagnosed with a.d.d. and was put on vyvanse, instead of doing work at school i played pokemon shield for about 4 hours and documented every decision i made and why
How many times has Nord VPN sponsored you😂
oh no the reverse psychology worked and i subscribed
I've heard microdosing Amanita Muscaria helps with adhd, focus and motivation, but I'm no doctor nor expert in the field, do your research.
WAIT IM SO EARLY
ADHD over here. I was on meds, now I'm off meds, and it kinda fixed itself... so yeah.
Glad to see you are alive!!
I had the same experience lol, I would be taking my meds but then my appetite would just be shot, no food for the whole day until I get home and the meds wore off, but then it messed with my sleep and I got screwed over from it because I would wake up at midnight, wide awake, not able to fall back asleep, it sucked… a lot, thankfully after a good few years I was allowed to not take the meds anymore
What’s the best med to take though like I’m going crazy because apparently everyone says they are all good but also all bad
i remember he said dont do drugs in his retail video...
I think my adhd is very similar, and when I had Ritalin I had that same focusing issue
Sorry, Society puts us in these special little boxes that they say must progress. Must stake claim to material and financial gains. You must ride the wave my life it's just a little bit of weed in your pipe
Kind of annoying your friend said Adderall was "basically meth" (which is an unfairly inflammatory/alarming way to describe it) but then recommended Vyvanse which is also an amphetamine! Vyvanse literally gets converted into the same thing as Adderall as soon as your body metabolizes it.
Lol
ah yes, it may be 1am for me, but i shall still stay awake to watch.
Woah I was also diagnosed and put on meds for adhd a few weeks ago. Rn I’m on foculin and it’s working relatively well
I can imagine you are going to get a lot of recommendations. You should try concerta. Its protocol for you to start at lower doses and work your way up. This helps your body not just break from taking it but also will let you see if your body is having adverse reactions to it, and also it lasts a full day as well which makes it better than methylphenidate. Lastly it has worked like a miracle for me, literally bringing my grades from C's to A's, and i can change what I'm focused on. Everyones scenario is different but it sounds like it might work. And just about its only downside is that its an appitite depressant, however its very slim especially compared to methylphenidate.  you should atleast bring it up when you can and if it also doesnt work then thatll be unfortunate but it is much better to have something that works rather than nothing
Im on adderall, but Ive been meaning to try an alternative Ofc I put off talking to my doctor about it for like.... a year, by now
Bruh they started me on 20mg of adderall and I've never felt so zombied out. I was so fucking gone I couldn't even laugh, focus on the teacher, etc. I had tunnel vision. Felt like grey static.
Okay I unsubbed what now
My sister was on Adderall for a while when she was younger, and boy did she have a terrible time on that drug. I've never heard it be called the meth of ADHD meds but it is completely accurate. She and my brother have been taking amphetamine for the past year or so and they're doing well now from what I hear about it. But don't take that as a suggestion, I am nowhere near qualified to make medication recommendations.
the morality of the story is dont do drugs, unless they are absolutly necesary
aaa
My Vyvanse experience can be summed up as such: "Wow! I can really focus! ...Why are my emotions now grenades being piled in the corner?"
4:45 Walter: Jessie we need to take the medication  Jessie: mr white calm down it fine  Walter: Jessie if we down take the meds we're going to die  Jessie: is fine I'll take it lat- Walter: Jessie!!!
i actually have adhd aswell and i use methal phenodote
This is the most accurate representation of adhd I’ve seen
Yeah, I have ADHD and im sorta on and off my medication. With my meds im able to focus a lot more but just feel..... horrible. My depression and anxiety sky rocket and make me feel depressed and anxious but able to work. Without my meds I don't feel any of that but I can barely focus. I can take all of my meds at once but I don't feel comfortable with a concoction of meds.
hey I have ADHD and I take meds and see no results
the irony of me getting on youtube to watch something while I do another task because... I have adhd.
The amount of joy I receive from watching this man's videos is insane
I was advised by my doctor, at least with my aderal. that taking breaks is good and healthy so it doesnt become a dependency or something or a addiction. so like yeah, i do that on the weekends and i do not take my meds all the time :)
fuck now i cant get that cow out of my head
E
I didn't know you knew Maximilian dood
As someone newly diagnosed ADHD, these videos have been super relatable and helpful at the same time. Love it 👍
When I took meds for my ADHD in 2nd or 3rd grade, it made me feel like a zombie (mentally) and I stopped taking them after cause whenever I took them, it made me feel like that so
BROTHERS, IT IS OUR TIME. RISE.
1:52 This is Depression in a nutshell
The small man himself is back! Praise Andy! (Also yeah I had something similar with Vyvanse, it's why I got swapped to Concerta. Which I just don't take because I'm supposed to take it at like 9am but I'm *asleep* at 9am) I am not a responsible adult
You need to lower the dose or switch to something that causes less dopamine release. The reason you're getting distractable on medication is cuz you're having TOO much dopamine from EVERY task. You need to just bring dopamine up to normal person levels
i dont have adhd at all but my friends are like this (the ones that are diagnosed ofc)
"And remember to unsubscribe...... Wai-" You killed me 💀
Your videos are a little quitet Also I personally use Concerta but I'm not sure if it has much of an affect on me anymore
I found coffee is the best for me to focus. I would go to work, get a coffee because, yummy! sugar! mud. And I would come home and draw and for hours be focused.   Coffee levels me out since I’m already so unbalanced. But I learn to only drink 1 (sometimes 2) cups a day, because any more and I’ll have anxiety attacks leaving me on the floor for hours shaking. And that’s no good.  Coffee is good for focus, but it may not work for everyone. I am not a doctor, just a guy with an adhd life 😎
I’ve been using buproprion now for a few months, and my eyes have NEVER BEEN DRYER. Sucks when I have to STRAIN my EYES to focus and study for long periods of time.
as someone with adhd, being able to just "do" a task is such a concept to me
just a heads up if you ever want to try using meds again try focalin (thats what i use and it works pretty well)        :)
I took meds before but they just made me 20 times worse and I was a nightmare for my 2nd grade class  No meds for me!
this video is so relatable it hurts
For all of your struggles you're an amazing content creator. Thanks for sharing your experience with all of us.
as an advil and daily adderal user, when my doctor told me it was bascially M*th I considered that a plus, and now when I take it refer to it as "my m*th break"
Well, you know what he asked us, UNSUBSCRIBE RIGHT NOW OR ELSE.
If you combine autism and adhd that’s another experience
Yeah never EVER go cold-turkey without talking to your doctor first. Hang in there, man. It took me a while to find a combo of pills that worked, I'm sure there's something out there for you (which can also be no meds if that's what you prefer). :3
You know it's medicated when the polish cow song is the first sound you hear in the video      I edit this comment for the sole reason of grammar
Wait where the cow go?
I've tried soooooooooo many different meds to help me focus. Personally it wasn't worth it. To much of a roller-coaster ride in mood, sleep cycle and SQUIRREL!!! Yeah, that focus thing. Nowadays I get through each day by having a strict routine and with some help with helpful notifications on my phone.
good video me and my girlfriend love your content.
Vyvanse gang!
man that's crazy  for me the worst thing was the hard time sleeping, especially on adderall, think my system processes them slower cause the slower-release kicked in late and stayed kicked in till like. 5 am. and even with regular i just stopped sleeping, which is terrifying in adderall because you feel completely fine until like 72 hours with no sleep
I took Concerta for most of my childhood and I never felt like it really worked for me lol now I'm on Adderall. I take 30 milligrams, extended release which is the most you can be perscribed if I remember correctly. When my body levels out on it however, I switch to Vyvanse. The only difference I've noticed is that Adderall gets rid of my appetite whereas Vyvanse does not. However, I'm not allowed to be put on Riddlin XD it turns me into a complete zombie. Idk if anyone else has experienced this but yeah, can't have it. I'm sorry the meds didn't work out for you. I hope you find something that helps you out soon.
most of my friends and I took concerta when we were in school its worth looking into, but it might not work just like those other meds
Adhd is like being on a train mentally. Nothing is ever straightforward, I'm never focusing.
Thanks so much for being open about your experience! I have yet to get my own diagnosis which is unfortunately a bit frustrating since I want to be able to have a professional diagnosis but I hope I'll be able to get that soon and then see if I need meds or not. Baby steps! I hope you can figure things out for yourself too!
i stopped taking my meds in middle school. ever since i just been trying to be productive with reminders and stuff  ….it helps a little, but im a lot slower at basic tasks. something that takes an hour takes days  and i have like… LISTS of reminders so it becomes overwhelming
My experience with meds was really bad  It felt like I was trapped like I couldn't talk  Obviously it was WAY to strong so that experience traumatized me into never trying it again
Keep trying champ, with any luck you'll find the meds that are right for you, you got this
as a (child) ADHD person on meds, I dont notice the effect, but my parents do. I guess im 70% more coo-coo crazy when im off meds.
I stopped taking ADHD meds three years ago and now living cringe but free
Mhm yes. I just watched your last video lol!
0:55
This video is quiet, right?
hi
Drugs fix everything 🎉🎉🎉
I actually suffer from ADHD and it drives me insane. Please help me.
i have adhd, i used to take meds but i kinda stopped because i started to feel sad, i think there was too much whiplash between my adhd ass and getting laser focus
Methylphenidate, thats what I’ve been taking since middle school it works well and allow me to switch task well
guh
Mouse Click Watch
pro tip: keep doing the tasks you want to UNTIL it hits, because if you're doing a different thing is freaking hard to get out, we ADHDs have this ability, but when meds are taken we cant swap activities
I have ADHD and for like 2 years I took Concerta, but then it started making me feel anxious, so I stopped and tried Adderall, that did the same thing so I just stopped using medication all together. I'm a little all over the place but I prefer that to having constant anxiety lol
I like how Ice cream sandwich is slowly getting shorter and simpler every video
this is perfect! exactly what it’s like for me too.. adderall was… an experience… until it was a death sentence. i’m only skinny again bc of those pills. be careful to all the babies who struggle the same 🫶🏽❤️
FINALLY NEW VID
Yeah amphetamines hella overstimulated me, but when I tried extended release methylphenidate, I knew it was right. Highly recommend trying it, finally felt baseline normal functionality. Called concerta I think, but get the off brand.
i forgot i left a pan full of food in the oven and i was preheating it to warm up my pizza. I also burnt my hand trying to take out the pan out of the oven :)
Soy yo o solamente dice que tiene adhd porque tiene síntomas, o se hizo un chequeo? nosé
I been waiting for this one
Neurofeedback is a kind of therapy where they measure your brainwaves first and diagnose from which part of the brain the adhd comes from (its mostly the prefrontal cortex). After getting the data you get into kind of a training that enables your brain to produce new connections and arteries for better bloodflow and focus.   it literatly changes the brain instead of just inhibitng dopamin receptors etc. The training is not complicated or difficult but on adhd it has maximum impact. Im from switzerland and i needed and additional insurance. But pls check this out.   There are other things like raw cocoa powder which enhances cognitive performance plus the whole spectrum of so called ,,Nootropics" <--- brainenhancing substances, natural or otherwise. Your not stuck with adhd, you can get better <3 much love from switzerland
My ADHD without medication is WHAK I've been on meds since I was little. The first time wasn't great and sorta really messed up my eating habits and became basically anorexic because SOMEONE thought it was a good idea to give a little growing kid a medicine that included an ingredient in old diet pills! So yeah I switched and I've recently switched again because the highest dose I could take of the other stuff wasn't enough anymore.
adhd isn’t a disease you just work differently from other people… medication for it feels sort of abusive (i have adhd and stopped taking medication because it felt like my brain was being restrained)
As someone with ADHD. I did not complete this video. Instead I thought about what if we started an ADHD army and created a mega thought together!
Babe, wake up, Ice Cream Sandwich uploaded.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vy8moBcKVIM
I had taken ADHD medicine for most of my life, I took 75mg of Risperdal (almost) everyday for 9 years and only stopped taking them once i moved out. Its horrible, they either kill your mental abilities or kill your soul. I felt like a ghost possessing its own corpse. My parents were convinced they could tell when I was or wasn't on them. Little did they know I constantly faked taking them when i got the chance. but I did take them everyday consistently for about 3 years between 6th and 9th grade. I've been off them now for 3 years and I'm better then ever. Yes the mind is chaotic so work with it instead of against it. work a hectic job that constantly keeps you engaged. I work as a technician where i constantly thinking about parts and problem solving for a rapid mind helps fix things sooner due to having multiple things going on simultaneously. if there is a perfect drug that has no side effects then great. But i can say the give is not worth the take. sure school was easier but i was depressed, sure i could focus but my actions had no heart, i felt like i was on auto pilot with no real sense of self. Learn how to deal with your adhd that doesn't rely on a external source of artificial motivation. Have some discipline and take care of it the hard way because its the only way that lasts. Its also cheaper as no drugs.
HE RETURNEDES💀🫵🏾
Tbh, Doctors should just tell you upfront what you should do if your psych meds give you unwanted side effects. Whether its okay to stop cold turkey, versus needing a taper and so on.
i had adhd as a kid decided i was done taking stuff for it. I remember pulling over to sleep coming back from a friends house because i literally almost passed out. Been good ever since, no more adhd or add.
I got a psychyatrist so I could get my adhd medicated for the exact same reason, so I could actually focus. But my psychiatrist was much more worried about my sever depression and anxiety, so I got put on bupropion (helps depression, anxiety, and focus). Tho it does make happy chemical, it does absolutely nothing for focus :/
As someone who is also on Vyvanse, I flipping hate the tunnel vision focus!! I appreciate the ability to get things done (for once), I just want it to usually be centered somewhere else than it tends to be.
I probably don't have adhd, but I remember the adhd video you released was really relatable. Only reason I don't think it is is cause I can focus pretty well.
i don't have ADHD but I took some meds that acted exactly how you make it seem. also the second meds are how i feel everyday.
I'm glad to hear about this I have been very keen on getting medicated and obviously Adderall is the first one people are going to suggest but I feel I'll have the same problem you did with it hah.
I have ADHD too, it’s a wild ride. My unmedicated days are honestly more unhinged than the medicated days, but it’s still unhinged. Love your videos, and I wish you the best as you explore your ADHD experience!
I have no problem focusing, I have a HUGE problem controlling my impulses
I'm also ADHD, and I just recently restarted medications. When I was taking them before, I felt great, like I was able to focus, do tasks, it was awesome! Until I got really super sick, like I should have gone to the hospital I was possibly dying sick. I tried taking my meds, but I was just throwing them up a few minutes later, and some days I'd be so out of it I'd forget entirely. I knew it wasn't my meds making me sick because my whole family was also really sick, but I do think they were making it worse because I was the worst off out of everyone I knew who had that same bug. Now I'm starting to get that focus back, but having to start back at the low dose when I know that I won't really be functional until I'm cleared for the higher dose I was taking before is frustrating.
Adderall is amazing rec drug, turn to powder and snort, easy upper
The thing about meds is that they don't do everything for you. So if we go back to your experience with adderall, just because it didn't let you fully focus doesn't necisarily mean it isn't helpful for you and you shouldn't go with it in the future. Sure, you might still have trouble sitting down and focusing, but if it's a step in the right direction and nothing is any better, than that's just because meds don't fix everything when it comes to adhd. I take concerta which I think is decently similar to adderall (I'm not a doctor, but the way I understand it they're both the type of adhd meds that are similar to meth, although I didn't know there were adhd meds that weren't like that until now) and I understand what you mean about sitting at a computer and not being able to just focus. But in my experience I've noticed I am still more productive on a computer with them, even if I don't feel anything and just notice I've finished my work faster. There's also other organization things that help with that, like having a to-do list and the thing I find very helpful is closing discord and taking out my headphones when I don't need them. And after doing that, I think your meds will actually help you finish your work faster. You might not feel a difference, but if you compare the amount of work you get done with vs without them even on a computer I think you'll be surprised by how much more work you've finished. You also may not react this way, as everyone reacts to adhd meds differently but I also think this is a possibility. Plus, you've only tried it on a low dose, so that could have something to do with it.
ICECREAMMM WOOOOOO
The only thing in my head is five grams of cocaine, Fly away alone to the edge of oblivion.         That's what the cow at the beginning of the video said btw  But u already knew this because everybody has looked up "Polish cow lyrics english'
Took meds from like age 7-16. Hated it but it got me through school
My experience with ADHD meds is that it makes you feel like a zombie after a few days of it working it stops working and just makes you feel tired and never wanna eat or do anything else but work
As someone with ADHD, and experience with most medications, I ended up being better off without any of them at all. Your mileage may vary, as you've only touched the surface.
The thing for me is....i took the meds....and it just....did nothing. Like nothing at all. Its like pretty rare from what ive heard from the doctor. So im just existing right now
These vids jst make my day 10 times better! Thanks dude!
Alright I unsubscribed! What's the next step?
Amazing vid!
This is gonna sound way too simple to be true but sometimes simple is better! Meditation has been scientifically shown to help with ADHD symptoms, specifically the issues with focus, thoughts overlapping and task coordination. Just start with meditating 5 minutes a day - and that can be anything. It can be intimidating to start with the “classic” type of meditation where you’re sitting there with your eyes closed, “mind empty.” You can start with a simple breathing practice such as square breathing (breath in for 7 seconds, hold for 5, breath out for 7-9 seconds, hold for 5, repeat) until you start to get the hang of it. Then once you feel like you have it, start focusing on what it feels like when you meditate and try and consciously bring that into your daily life. By doing these simple tasks with zero pressure on yourself, you can make major improvements in a surprisingly short time! And the beauty of this is it works whether you’re medicated or not, it will be beneficial no matter who you are. And it’s free!!!
HONEY HE UPLOADED    ..what do you mean its 8 in the afternoon
Wow, this video is actually super helpful for people who want to know what meds can do for them—I’ve been wanting to try meds for auadhd for a long time but wasn’t sure how they could benefit me. Thanks for this, and know that your content brightens my day 🤠💜💜
Never had that "out of breath" experience with Vyvanse, I usually take a day or two off each week, but right when you started talking about getting locked into the wrong task, I started grinning. ADHD is such a ridiculous monster.
Medication is often a constant testing game to find what works best for you. Not that medication is where the ride ends though. There's a lot of non-medication based stuff that can help you too (that can also be done with medication)! I wish you luck on your ADHD journey.
me
Please untie me from this chair I have adhd too
Yeah unfortunately psych meds just effect everyone differently. The same med that is a massive help to one person can easily be very unhelpful for another person with the same illness.
Christ, I haven't been diagnosed with ADHD until a few years ago and that made school really difficult for me.
has your hair gone much larger and more… sphere-er?
I take focalin
I need to make a video on my own experiences with ADHD, because I have yet to medicate and I have been functional, though that is probably due to my parents instance on not medicating me as a child.
3:18 INFINITE KNOWLEDGE
yeah i like pizza too.
Tried meds ... Turned me into a zombie. I will just live with the crazy
waaahhooo another great video!!!!!! keep them coming!!!
my best friend's adhd meds are on backorder for 2 weeks soooooo its gonna be a long 2 weeks
i used to take meds but it gave me psychosis 💀
I have ADHD so I just take Focalin
When I used ADHD medicines, I was working, not sleeping, not eating much and not having a single emotion. It made me depressed but I didn't feel depressed
i feel that intro
Why do i feel like im next?
I got my ADHD diagnosis recently and I asked my doctor for a non-stimulant ADHD medication because I knew about the variability of Adderall and Ritalin, so he put me on Atomoxetine. I've been taking it for the past month and I've been feeling more motivated and interested in actively doing Stuff, when before I would just be a lump overwhelmed by all the Tasks I needed to do. Might be worth an ask to your psych about non-stimulant medications.
wow
Thank you so much for talking about this. I'm currently in the process of testing different medications and it felt a little less isolating to know that I'm not the only one not having the perfect solution right away :)
Took some of those same meds that were mentioned in the video, but one of the meds I had in high school was a vicious cycle of insomniac crap. I would be awake for 2 weeks during class, then fall asleep in my math period for the next two. Luckily, it was changed afterwards. - What isn't fun is having tourettes with ADHD and meds being over throughout the years of childhood to adulthood.
1:08 why is the perfect why to describe it
I’m a little nervous about meds, but I’m willing to try if it helps
This is the perfect timing for me I am starting to consider getting tested for ADHD because I have been experiencing symptoms and it is starting to impact my school life
ADHD really is something  One u were like damn world bad to HOLY SHEEEET ITS A BUUUG
oh adhd, the salt to my autisim :)
10/10 would recommend
I started a meditation habit when I started medication and I’m so glad I did. Couldn’t have done meditation without the medication but the medication wouldn’t have been nearly as effective without the brain training.  It’s really interesting meditating when not on medication now (I skip days a lot which doctor said is fine).  The medication definitely doesn’t make things free but it does help a lot.  I should work on having a daily meditation practice again. Went a year straight without missing a day but been inconsistent almost two years now….
I used to take vivance in 4th grade, it worked relatively well for paying attention during school, but whenever I'd get home it'd feel like i was back at square one. Then after a while of taking it, i started noticing that i wasn't eating as much as i should. I'd be incapable of eating at school and near starving when i got home, so i did what I shouldn't have done and stopped taking the meds, and my appetite got back on track but i was just back to being too distracted. After a few years i started using music to keep my mind focused on my work, the results were amazing but the classes i took where I couldn't have music suffered. ADHD is wack.
ok yeah i most definitely have adhd
I was talking with someone just today about how eating/drinking really acidic things closely before or after taking ADHD medication can cause the meds to break down early. It can cause them to move faster through your system, and the person I was talking to also mentioned experiencing side effects like the ones you talked about.
shout out to everyone with enough pharmaceutical knowledge to yell at the screen at 4:45.
i was working and then i saw this was a reality and immediately got distracted and cant stop watching, ADHD is just so mush fun...
ily
I have ADHD! And I was interested in taking medication at first. BUT after talking to my therapist, we realized the reasons why it's hard for me to focus is cause of my anxiety. Yes, do to my ADHD My brain goes ZOOM. But thanks to my high levels of anxiety my brain goes ZOOM ZOOM ZOOOOOOOOOOM!!! 🤣
Ah....
Adhd when the med kicks in is literally just "I AM THE EMBODIMENT OF CHAOS ALL SHALL FEA-" *blue screen of death over eyes* *faceplants*
I had to replay some parts of this video because I lost focus 😭
I don't know what your daily job looks like, but I feel some people, myself included, need frameworks and guidance to be productive. It's no good on a resume, but it's true for me...
I think YouTube was built for ADHD, or at least Attention Deficit part of it.  It's an endless blackhole of things that grab your attention.
try cr@ck that shit hits different
yay new vid
Okay so far with my ADHD I've only tried Ritalin and Adderall. I'm on Adderall right now and 15 mg was just too much for every day use and 10 was too low to be at full capacity, so I'm kinda juggling extended release 10 mg as a Baseline with quick release 5 mg tablets I can crack in half and stuff to get a more desired dosage whenever I need More Focus like on school days or smth. So far it's fine ig, still playing around with this strategy, but when I tried Ritalin it always made me feel nauseous for like half the day and THEN I can do stuff which I really didn't like. Plus, tmi, it made me had to use the bathroom super bad like an hour after taking the pill every day. A whole Mess. Anyways, ADHD meds are weird lol
I have ADHD & take meds for it. I have to take them or else I will be _super_ aggressive and harm others. I don't want to harm others, but it's like I have a violent symbiote bonded with me... the meds I take can suppress _his_ violent tendencies... I just want peace...
So you take meth?
I did my part and unsubscribed Love, Your Loyal Follower
Hi Andy thank you for posting this video. Like my other is in the comment section here I too have ADHD and I'm medicated. On the whole it sounds like you're just dealing with how to manage the focus on a more fundamental level after being medicated. Using drugs to help achieve focus still requires learning the discipline over time. I encourage you to keep trying if you are willing and if not cool. To those in the audience is important to understand yes ADHD medicines are basically meth. The real important difference here is how much the dosage is and the slight difference in chemistry. Right away the important thing to realize is actual meth junkies consume is literally tens of thousands of times the dosage of what people with ADHD typically take. Even with that in mind most are regulated as a controlled substance. Meaning if you're taking this you have to not only get a prescription, but are not allowed refills until the amount of days it takes to consume based on direction. This might also entail other sensible measures. Using ADHD medicine is not for every person with ADHD. For me I cannot fathom living without it. There is a night and day difference in my behavior activity and cognitive focus. Love you Andy!
Hey - I know a whole lot of people who just quite their meds and it HELPED THEM!
I take Vyvanse but I still have lots of trouble focusing. I'm actually avoiding a task right now
Babe wake up IceCreamSandwich just posted
I was also on Vyvanse.  Still am.
i'm fairly certain none of the medicine works as advertised. It all comes with nasty side effects and none of it really seems to help even if it doesn't kill you. It mostly just replaces one problem with another. Bottomline, i don't think anybody should be on adhd meds. Partly because i don't believe adhd is a real thing. It seems more like something big pharma made up to make money with. Obviously, it didn't bother people a hundred years ago. So, i doubt it just spontaneously appeared one day. The other reasons involve all the bad side effects and the fact that over 70% of all Americans are on some form of prescription medication. Seriously, either we're the weakest nation on earth or some people are being tricked into taking meds they don't need. The latter seems the more likely case.
the beginning is literally me
I’m fuckin dead weak at this 1:58 💀💀💀💀💀💀
I’m a medicated kid with ADHD and I approve this message, also vivance is expensive
he is back🙏🏽
Alright then unsubscribe & wait................................................. ok I'm done waiting I'm gana resubscribe
The vyvanse portion is TOO relatable 😂😂
BABE NEW ICE CREAM SANDWICH LORE
Im literaly playing the sims 4, roblox, and texting a friend while watching this video while I am suposed to study for an exam.
therapy worked for me, and my therapist recommended light caffeine to have some definite effects along with the management techniques. So anyway, that's how I got really into tea  for those of you with the hyperactive one
All vyvanse did for me was make me sleep all day, hopefully you find one that will work
I have ADHD along with other things that make it hard to focus, so this video makes sense, also, I take Vyvanse (along with a bunch of other medication)
Anyone else on 30+ mg of adderall and now a bit worried?
I was very recently diagnosed and put on medication and things have been way easier.
i couldn't fully focus on him talking for most of the video because of the cow song at the beginning
guh
Wait… ing
I took Ritalin & it made me numb. I couldn't express any emotions like sadness, happiness, anger, etc. I couldn't cry for 2 years. Now, I'm happy I can cry again 🥲
I was fortunate enough to get diagnosed fairly young (10-11) & I also took medication for a little bit.  Thing about medication is that it helps. But, that's all it does: help. Everything else comes from you. Focus? You. Direction? You. Yes, these things are harder, but *you* are so the one to do it.  It's kinda like being short, & needing a ladder. Yes, the ladder is going to help you get what you need, but you still need to put the ladder in the right spot. Or you can be like me & just start climbing to get what you need because you find the ladders to be unreliable. (The metaphor's breaking down a bit, but you get the idea.)  Point is, do what you feel is good for you.  2 side notes:  1. Being online all the time feels A LOT like having ADHD. Log off for awhile, & if you still feel like you have symptoms, consult a doctor. 2. ADHD meds are actually a really good indicator if you have it. If they make you high, you don't have it.
I could’ve swore I just bought a tv with adhd or oled display or something
YOOOOOOO POLISH COW. I love no HATE my adhd because no focus and hyper and random loud sound I make for no reason
Bro adderal makes me feel like I’m going to have a panic attack but at least I can focus
my meds just made me depressed and had little to no effect on me
good stuff
Well that's very- wait, wasn't I supposed to be making a video today?
yipeeeeeeeeeeee
i unsubscribed oopsie ;-;
sometimes I can solve hard math equations and I get to something like 8+1 and then I really struggle for some reason
bosnian duck is better than polish cow change my mind
*adhd*
R.I.P Compy - Where's the justice people? WHERE. IS. THE. JUSTICE!!!???
I adore your videos! You're so funny and your videos have so much personality
why a dancing cow?
I’ve had both and personally I suggest vivance BUT to ANYONE under the age of 10 or 9 you may or may not have the strange symptom of barely eating at all. And I was a twig for about a couple months until my mom told me THAT I LOOK LIKE A TWIG. This is a simple warning to those that are unsure about certain meds like vivance and adaral but adaral makes you have either suicidal thoughts or suboptimal anxiety.
Everytime I watch the intro and you interrupt it, it makes me mad.
how are there already comments 17 mins after upload
Psychiatry is definitely a difficult field to get the right prescription for, in part because of the youth of the field, in part because people can have identical symptoms but such different causes. I wish you luck on finding the treatment plan that works best for you!
Sry
im supposed to be writing an essay rn help
the first video on this was very relatable (concerned) (also this video was hilarious)
The Ad Begins At 3:04, And Ends At 3:54.
I AM CRAB KING
Unlike all the other commenters, I was just taken off ADHD meds. This is because there's a nationwide shortage.
I know I'm just some random guy on the internet but have you looked into Xanax? My close friend has had ADHD almost his entire life at this point and he has been on Xanax almost that full time. It has helped him greatly so I'd at least like to give you the knowledge of it.
Have exams. Also have ADHD. Lets do this
i just checked the channel like half an hour ago to see if there was any new uploads
Oof
the entire time this video was playing my mind kept saying "i got diagnosed with cool guy syndrome yesterday HAHA. So now I take... ADDERALL HAHA"
“My thoughts either don’t complete or constantly overlap each other.” I’ve never related something more in my life.
I wonder if we should take a step back and ask why is ADHD a thing? ADHD developed in human biology for a reason, and maybe it could be vital for us to understand (or at least guess) the reason. Maybe being overly focused on getting that banana means you don't notice the tiger. Is that still important for us today?  If Ice Cream Sandwich is heading to the Bomb Disposal Class, I mean grocery store, intensely focused on the task at hand, what are the changes to his risk of getting hit by a car while crossing the street? ADHD might reduce that risk. I don't know. If modern medical science doesn't know, that's a problem.
Vyvanse has been such a lifesaver for me.
I haven't tried them, but SUPPOSEDLY these are a good alternative to ADHD meds. It's by the brand Cookies (yes, that one) and the product is called "caps". It's basically a mix of mushrooms (without the fun ingredient) and CBD. I've personally taken like 8 different brands of ADHD meds until I got out of school. Haven't taken anything in about 8 years. Just raw-doging ADHD lol
When I was a kid my adhd medication made me hallucinate so badly that over a decade later I still hallucinate the same way I did when I had the medication.
As someone who has severe ADHD gotta say I really love this video. I have been diagnosed with ADHD for 20 years and I learned very early on that the meds for ADHD are very hit or miss for some people. one prescription made me emotionless, one made me over-emotional, and one made me not feel hungry and mellowed me out a lot. If you have a child who has been diagnosed please think very carefully about putting them on meds.
Great video as always :3 , but this one , at least for me, seems to be low sound compared to other videos.
we gaslight ourselves into not needing meds THEN once we start, it's "I COULDVE BEEN LIKE THIS THE WHOLE TIME???"
This is why you don’t take drugs
crazy fr
Heckin dangit this is me
nice
1:07 facts
Love your vids
Man Im in college class and im tempted to watch the video
I was taking meds for my ADHD a few months ago, I did not have a very good experience. I was a lot more irritable and really sad and just overall not feeling good I’ve stopped taking them and I feel really happy and I’m glad I stopped.
Back in elementary when I used to take meds for  ADHD it would make me super focused as well but would ruin my appetite so I was a skinny mf until middle school when I asked my mom if I could stop
I love how you are one of the few Youtubers who's ad reads I don't skip
OMG I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS THANK YOU SO UCH FOR WORKING SO HARD ON THEM U R AWESOME!! :)
I have adhd as well and I used to take daytrana. It came as a patch that you would just put on your hip. Think of it like a nicotine patch, but with fancy meth. When I was taking that, I used to have these 5-10 minute long nosebleeds 😂 because it was a stimulant.
Oh definitely, not all meds are the same and even the same meds aren't the same for different people. I found out last year, rather traumatically, that not all generic manufacturers who make the same drug make it the same. As in: I got generic Adderall from a manufacturer I'd never previously heard of before, and now hope to never hear of again because their stuff made me literally lose my mind. Like, a literal psychotic mental breakdown. Missed work, lost money, other bad stuff.... It's been rough. Ended up getting switched to Dexedrine, which is good enough. WHEN I CAN GET IT. /mutters about the stupid shortage
i wish i could take ADHD meds but they dont work on me
I just really enjoy your videos. They give me a good chuckle :D
Always remember that for some disorders like ADHD the point of the meds is to with some luck one day not need to use the meds to do whatever the meds were doing for you.
If you want to know wether you have ADHD or not just check your YouTube “Watch Later” list.
It's actually kind of refreshing to see someone openly admit their meds weren't working for them due to the side effects screwing them over and explicitly encouraging people to talk to their doctor a bit more. I'm on meds for my epilepsy - have been for nine years - and they're absolutely fucking with my short-term memory, which is normal, but extremely irritating. I have talked to my GP about it but nothing could be done about it really, since they were keeping the seizures controlled. If I could be off medication in general I could - it's free (for now), but tedious.  Anyway, cool vid, nice to see you back as always, and good luck with everything! ❤
Song lyrics are in polish and sings : "I got I thought in my head, cocaine 5 gram, to fly away to the land of forgetting" I translated it literally cuz my English is bad, sorry for that  Addendum: fly away is polish way of saying triping balls
I used to take Vyvanse until I started having heart palpitations. I am now on several supplements and I literally have never been better! Dopa Mucuna to help with.. well dopamine (I take 3 but I've read people take up to 4. Start with 2). 'Magtein' to help with memory/learning, ashwagandha for mood, and L-theonine (from theanine serene w/o magnesium). Lastly quick brain Nootropic from life extension. This has no mushroom extract if you're sensitive to that (like I am). I take a few other things but these help specifically with my ADHD. Hope this helps you or anyone else!
Instructions unclear, accidentally subscribed.
Maybe you should try methylphenidate, it's what i use. Though after a couple years of taking it the effect will ware off.
with meds i had like OCD
I'm 26 and just got diagnosed with ADHD... I decided to not take the meds, because one pill only lasts 8-12 hours and you have to take it every single day forever... So I'm trying to control and change my thought patterns and reduce my distractibility. I don't want to act like a neurotypical person... I love being neurodiverse, I just have to control it a bit more I think.
is it just me that I can relate half of these but I can control my brain (forced) or not.
Doctors otw to prescribe hard drugs to people that can’t focus
I'm blessed that I felt an immediate benefit of my medication, though I also tend to gain the "achieve physical tasks" ability more than anything else. I use it for my very physical job and stuff like working out and buying groceries, then at the end of the day when all the physical achievements have been accomplished, my brain is sufficiently tired for art. There's a lot of different medication out there, and a lot of people also respond well to therapy without medication.
Cheese
Okokokok so you need Vyvanse and intuitive it works wonders it works with my adhd so yeah try it out
The video's audio is oddly low. I hope future videos' volume will be align with the general audio volume
This is the best explanation I have seen in a wile
bro i was watching that cow
I tried 3 different types of medication and at different doses before I found one that along with therapy and anxiety treatment made a noticeable dent in my adhd symptoms. It was an exhausting journey i was so worried none of them would work for me. And while I still have struggles thankfully with my current treatment my hands are on the wheel a lot more than before.
Cow video :(
I love these so much! It's like Christmas every time there is a new upload!
D A N C I N G P O L I S H C O W
I've known I've had ADHD for my entire life, my meds started to become less effective. I just needed a bigger dose, but my doctor switched to another med, which gave me depression
Legit laughed at the the portrayal of dopamine over on the side. You feel so bad for him.
oh boy i almost forgot to unsub, thanks for reminding me
Why does this sound like my life rn
Ice cream sandwich
I have ADHD and took meds for it, but it never helped and gave me symptoms
i have ADHD to we budys
um after watching this i realized i may have done exactly what he said and instead of doing the task i literally was about to start i went ahead and watched this video. now im second guessing if i in fact do have ADHD myself and i might have to talk to someone and find out but uhh ill do that after i watch another video
IM SORTA EARLY even tho there’s already like 800+ comments
Ex Vyvanse user here. Vyvanse for me was the necessary evil in my life for a while when I needed to pass highschool and it worked and helped me pass but the entire time I felt either really sad or really angry. I quit the moment I graduated and I hope I never go back to needing meds. Of course this is just my experience and other people I know have had it work with little to no issues. Also the drymouth was unbearable.
Bupropion
4:33 “he mentioned he was taking Vyvanse”  *flashes back to middle and high-school years of me starving myself as a side effect to Vyvanse*   Oh no  Edit: yep. That sounds about right
I've tried a lot of ADHD meds but strahtra or how ever you say it...or spell...ah what ever but just to say I was allergic to all of them but that one was the worst lol hope you find something that works for you
I have ADHD and took meds I felt good but now I don't take the meds anymore now I can't stop thinking of ideas for animation
Dude your Vyvanse experience sounds like my Autism lol I have to be so careful not to get too fixated on things because I will hyperfocus for literal hours to days, but that comes with the consequence of yo-yoing my focus, so I'm usually less focused day to day because I'm trying hard NOT to focus lmao. I hope you find either a med or method to something that works for you in the future!
YAAAAAY NEW VIDEO THANK YOUU
New video :D
i want the cow back :(
Can we have somekind of monthly update on this? Pretty please 🙃
I've been on Concetra for years and it works pretty well for me, at least in terms of getting stuff done /focusing on it
The meds suck
I was diagnosed when I was a little kid, put on every ADHD med I was legally allowed to try. All of them had averse side effects and none of them were a cure-all. At the end of the day, I still had ADHD. Some were mood stabilisers to deal with the heightened moods. Some were stimulants to make me focus. Some were depressants to make me stop feeling unnecessary emotions and only think about my schoolwork (no, really). I think ADHD people are just designed to live out in the wild like an ancient human and not do taxes.
I was trying to do homework and watch OBX and decided, “yay a new ice cream sandwich video, i should watch that too!” I have a problem, this is a cry for help
1:51 This needs to become a meme like yesterday, omfg
I am early finally
DONT TAKE VYVANSE
My medication used to make me pull my hair out so I stopped taking it. But I have tamed my ADHD brain
When I was very little, I took meds for my ADHD and it made me incredibly unhealthy. Didn't even perform the function it was supposed to, just tasted bad :P
It's just for me that the audio of this video is super low?
Got accepted into my dream college AND Ice Cream Sandwich uploaded? Oh yeah, I'm on fire right now. Glad to hear you chose the right decision for you buddy, keep hydrated and happy. ^-^
Yeah my first med was Adderall. It helped a SHITTON with doing tasks and being able to exist and do things without excess stimulus but it did nothing for *the rest of it*. I still had issues with switching tasks, managing priorities, getting myself awake and out of bed, and most severely, my EXTREME emotional disregulation and depression. I switched to Wellbutrin (generic for Buproprion) and suddenly it was like my depression all but disappeared. I had a lot easier of a time noticing and managing my emotions. I could properly articulate when I was upset about something and why. And coupled with my sleeping meds, I was suddenly awake and alert in the morning, a feeling I had never experienced before in my ENTIRE life. Unfortunately I no longer have the task starting and finishing ability that I had when I was on Adderall, but I rely on other people getting me started on tasks and that's worked out pretty well for me so far
I have ADHD and I took Concerta. I am not sure what it did, but it worked, and since I am out of school, I no longer take it.
My actual brain with ADHD in 7th grade math💀 1:19
watching this video instead of doing what i had planned to do today because of my adhd
Wow. This was really like watching a foray into my own brain. I know I have ADHD, I was diagnosed a long time ago, and I’ve been off medication for many many many years, but the visuals used to explain what it’s like to have ADHD were so spot on, I felt like I was literally watching the inside of my own brain and how my thoughts process 😂  I took Adderall and had a good experience with it. I just am uh…diagnosed with ADHD and so having to remember to go fill my prescription every month was…not ideal. So I just stopped taking it.
Funny start considering the lyrics of the cow and the drugs helping with ADHD theme, while you were doing the intro i also went to hear the funny cow full song
My experience with my meds kinda sucks but the benefits are there.
"Don't forget to unsubscribe...!"  DOBBY IS FREE WOOOO
I take 30 milligrams of vyvanse and I feel like a literal robot but 20 does nothing so i honestly don't know what to do and I'm gonna see my doctor about it :)
BEST EARLY BIRTHDAY GIFT EVER
Same, but I've been off of meds for awhile now
So what your saying, laziness
Weird I never noticed anything when I was on Meds (although I was young)  Interesting how they work like mentats for you
Soooooo Before eating my dinner, I was scrolling through youtube to find the perfect video to watch while eating when I found out that you just uploaded right now.  This was the best dinner I ever had
I tried Vyvanse for a while. Eventually, it made me focus on my anxieties, rather than work. Withdrawal was a pain because if I didn't take my Vyvanse for the day, I was in bed passed out.
I always get so excited when I see a new icecreamsandwich video bc his brain is so similar to my brain it makes me so happy
Thanks for another great video! Also this gave me some good insight since I’m waiting for my insurance application to go through so my doctor can start me on medication, so thanks for that too.
I took the same ones and had the exact same experience lmao- there was also another one that i took~ ...except it made me about 10x more sensitive to literally everything lmao- i stopped taking any adhd meds and i'm just dealing with this chaos XD
I got diagnosed with adhd last week. It's pretty good timing.
Have a couple of friends that have ADHD and have been medicated for it. Absolutely none of them take medication anymore. All of them had similar or worse results that you described and stopped and try instead to just work with the effects of their ADHD because the medication was worse. Not sure if it's an ADHD thing, because it's a chemical brain thing, or if it's just our messed up medication business but ADHD medicine seems to almost never work for people.
I, can completely relate, with thi.. is new years really another year, or is it just, yes
XD I took 5 different meds and almost passed out, three times. . . Oh well😅
I'm on adderall and Vyvanse
ADHD is a roller coaster of a process to figure out, (I speak from experience), and i am glad that Ice Cream Sandwich shared with us the struggles that some of us have to face while letting us have a good laugh.
Ice cream sandwich, don't try conserta I tried for months and stuck my finger in an electrick socket
Beans are good bombs are bad
I heard Markipliers ass pills are pretty good
I don't think I've found the right medication for my ADHD yet either hope you'll find a way to be more productive in the things you actually want/need to do!
I forgot about dancing polish cow, thank you
Bro, you can't just give up after two drugs. You are a complex soup of stuff and things, brain juices and... uh, other juices. It took me like 6 tries to find the right psych meds for me. And I was lucky. It takes some people a dozen or more. Keep trying brother
the sound is very low
*ice cream sandwich describing adhd symptoms that I could relate to* Me: that’s just a coincidence.
Me with possible adhd : huh i wonder what's it like to have full focus  Meanwhile I'm typing this while watching the video while also reading a webnovel while a game is playing in the background.  I really do wonder. I cant operate unless two or more things are happening at once.
the cow:>
oh no, audio is not normalized (it is quite)
Huh
is it just me or is the video extrely quiet? i just watched another video which i had to turn down because it was to loud and now i have everything including my pc sound on max and still can barley understand anything from my couch
I have ADHD and I take a medicine that helps me focus called Atomoxetine and I think it might work for you. My point I'm trying to make is you should try it.
ADHD sucks!
The audio is really quiet compared to your other videos
I got diagnosed with Adhd in Highschool and I dealt with the exact thing with Vyvanse, I learned that I was prone to tachycardia on certain meds. So hearing someone else have that feeling of just jogging and stopping while on this medication is neat to hear. Although i also tried Adderall and it did the same thing, but without letting me focus. I just sat and stared in Work paralysis. Now I’m on a permanent medicine, but hearing someone else’s trek through Medication is interesting to hear. Thanks for sharing and thanks for the comedy.
i cant get over the fact that for some reason the song the begining of the ideo is a dumb polish song from yt... im polish, and amazed by the coinidance
E
Don't forget to unsubscribe 💀💀
As someone with ADHD, I like this video
I am now 96% sure I have adhd.
dude your stuff makes me laugh so hard it's like a belly laugh i love your content so much thank you for all you do
the hyperfixation is amazing if you get a job that pertains to that :) otherwise it sucks
my adrenaline rises by 99% when icecreamsandwhich uploads
i literally just got a reminder for my appointment to schedule my meds 💀
I've been taking adderal for like, 5 years now. I've taken it so long and I take such a large dose that whenever I don't take it I still feel fine but get a horrendously bad headache. I wish I didn't have to take it however because I'd rather not be medicated then loose all motivation to do anything
#relateable
You do know that polish cow (the song played at the start) talks about a wanting to die and getting high on cocaine, I highly doubt that Ice cream sandwich knew this so just putting it out there, If u don't believe me look it up urself. Also had to use my mum's phone to comment this lol love ur vids man keep posting
Lol “don’t forget to unsubscribe”
You are my favorite, YouTube creator. Your animation style is superior. It is awesome. 🤠
Potato 🥔
fard
About your tumpets question https://youtu.be/7OvW8Z7kiws?t=413
We are literally the same person I swear. I had the exact same experiences so I finally just stopped taking my medication and am learning to deal with it as best as I can.
dont forget to unsubscribe ... wait🥴
Your vids are the best came out right when I was upset cheered me up :)
meds never help... i'm too distracted and unmotivated to take them anyways
I tried many different types of meds. The thing that works the best for me, regardless of which med it is, is to take regular breaks to let it regain its effect. I don’t take it on Saturday/Sunday so I’m super productive during the week
This timing
I also have really bad reactions to most meds So right now I just don't take any ADHD meds.  And sure it's really easy to zone out or stop focusing on what I'm supposed to be doing, but for me I'm fine with that.
one thing that helps me with procrastination and incessant adhd (not sure if I have it), but just being honest with yourself about what you want. people or soceity or family put a lot of expectations on you to be good or do good things, so when you don't feel like working on the thing you NEED to work on, instead of playing racket ball in your head of "i have to, but i don't want to, but i have to. ooo new ice cream sandwich video" just make the decision to NOT do the thing. and then later you'll come back in a better headspace after that new ice cream sandwich vid and be like "oh yeah... i still gotta do this, i forgot about it. eh, whatever, I'll just power boot through it."
As someone who has been taking Vyvanse since I was around 5, from what your experience was Ice Cream, it seemed like they might have given you too high of a dose, since higher doses can cause those symptoms.    Even though I'm not a medical professional, I've experienced something similar to this before, and what I can tell you is that if it's possible, see if you need to try and lower the dose and see what happens there
I do Concerta. Its about the right level your talking about which I had needed. Of course it isnt perfect. 1, apatite suppression like crazy till it wears off. 2, you get kind of...dull, when its all full blast when it first starts work, your emotions kinda..poof for a bit.
Vyvanse crash is real. It’s part of why I stopped taking it. Ritalin has been working… okay for me so far, but things still aren’t perfect. I’ll get through it, somehow!
I had the same problem except for the reaction to the medicine and I did the same thing I just kind of stopped taking
i know i relate to this video because I’ve had to rewind it on three separate occasions after thinking too hard about something else and forgetting to actually listen
I've been taking Concerta since I was like 7 and it has worked for me really fine, I stopped taking mods when I was like 15 ans now, at 23 I started again with the Concerta and I'm doing great, sure first I tried with other med but it wasn't it. So yeah, it takes some time to fine your match, but I'm sure you are going to make it, or maybe other types of therapy could help, like, idk, I'm not a doctor, but I'm sure there is a bunch of methods that can help making a routine that works with the meds you are taking
7:51 never
My ADHD brain immediately not being able to hold back clicking when I saw the notification--- as I was plugging my phone in to go to bed. I'm medicated (40mg ritalin a day babey) but it wears off very conveniently before bed. Just in time for me to get distracted again! I really need to not have my phone in my bedroom to be honest.
I’ve been taking adderal since I was like 7 and the only issue I’ve had with it is this tic that causes me to clear my throat every 5 seconds
Ice cream sandwich more like i scream 😭😱😱🤣🤣
The person in the intro is me
hi
1:07 is me every single day (especially when i’m trying to focus OR have nothing to do at all) wow basically almost every time…
InFiNitE KnOwLeDgE 10/10
Good timing for me. I started my analysis yesterday to see if i have ADHD.
I was on medication from age 7-19. Everyday. I am not joking. And then I quit cold turkey and boy that was a fun time. To this day (I’m 22 now) I don’t take anything anymore (besides my antidepressants- my “live laugh love” drugs)
I have ADHD too it's the worst (midway through I got distracted by a bird
ADHD meds are wild, I've been switching between Concerta and Methylphenidate for about 11 years now and even the dosage can make a difference, like I'm more motivated to do fun stuff on the 36mg, but I'm able to focus a lot better on work on the 54mg
yo tomaba pero tan muy caras las meds
As a person who has ADHD aswell as autism…and i take meds for that… I feel ya.
Bro the song can explain adhd
Hate how your not supposed to stop taking ADHD meds but have to remember to set up an appointment with your doctor, put in relfirs and hope they are not on back order…..which my meds are…..for about a month now
this is oddly simialr experience to when i started my meds for depression/anxiety. it wasn't rly a feeling but it was like. silence in my brain?!
Do I unsub?
I saw my medication here  ANYWAYS I relate to this so well, even if it is inattentive ADHD that I have (or ADD, but that is an old term). I used strattera at first, but now taking setraline (for anxiety and anti depressants) and it is some good medication! But really, it depends on each person so like do not take my word lmfao (as I haven't taken strattera in years).
Imagine trying to take med but you forget because you keep getting distracted…
Can't hear shit, captain 💀
I'm going to watch the dancing cow video, brb
#JusticeForCompy!
Concerta (and other methylphenidate medications) work great for me
Love you<3
ritalin gets me c r a z y but it's the only way of being functional. Kinda brought me back to life in a way
I have been diagnosed with autism and ADHD for nearly my entire life. and for most of my life I've been medicated. it's helped, but fuck me has my heart taken a brutal beating. last year in december I had to have a ultrasound done on my chest and like 3 EKG's to test my heart and its health cause all the ADHD medication I take, has been mostly stimulants. if you imagine stewie griffin yelling "WOAH MAMA IT KICKS LIKE A MULE" that is just me every morning. for the next like 5 years or more. 5 years is just a safe guess in my mind but its definitely more. it really gets bad when the affects are kind of wearing off.
I love your banger video ice cream sandwich
9 minutes gang
I can't believe you meth
As someone with adhd I’ve luckily had luck with meds though there still are some problems
Philadelphia
EVERYONE CALM DOWN THE ICE CREAM FUNNY MAN HAS UPLOADED EVERYBODY STAY CALM
My non-diagnosed but definitely ADHD self:   nodding along while also watching three other things at the same time so I can actually focus on what he's saying
well then.... Unsubscribe it is
Yeah... Thanks YouTube, now I'm worried i might have the same thing because i have the symptoms.            Not that imma do anything apart from worrying tbh...
Being focused on Task A for a millennium was the only way for him to reach 100 smart.
As some who’s Who has..  meds?  This is not a bit a literally cannot finish my thoughts
Bro wanted to watch the cow dance
A D H D Andy Da Hilarious Dude
I have all the syptoms
Bru j got vivance tbh I don't know how to spell it lol but it's F***ING 60 MILAGRAMS
Nice a video from this dude
YOO IVE BEEN WAITING
There is therapy for adhd management
7:22 I’m a mature adult, I’m a mature adult 😳
You perfectly described everything that goes on inside my head
Good soldiers follow orders
I got diagnosed with ADHD a year ago and will only get medication for the first time in like 2 weeks so i’m kinda excited to see what happens
Meds r silly
Yessss it’s here I may be in class but it’s almost over
I would like to mention that there is an actual ADHD medication that has “Meth” in the name
One of the side effects of Adderall that no one tells you about is that you stop /feeling/ your emotions. You still have them but they are detached and distant from you like watching your life on a screen rather than actually experiencing it. I once put it that you are sitting at your brain console and your emotions are the controls and displays, but you are in a straight jacket and can't interface with them. You can see what you are supposed to be feeling, but can't actually touch it.
i think the audio on the video is a bit low, maybe have it checked and compare to other videos on yt
wait butt protection is not included? That explain a lot...
we love you bub
I take medication for depression and sometimes I just randomly decide not to take them then the next day I wanna die🧍🏻
Ice cream sandwich is just like me since I have adhd I know what’s it’s like and I’m 15 years old.
i like the idea that he discovered he had adhd in his last video. like episodes to a show or something
I was stalking ur page yesterday wondering when u we’re gonna post again😭
As someone who takes 15mg of addie, I feel this.   I can do the tasks whenever I want, but it’s never the right task, and it’s only physical work. If I try to do schoolwork, my brain flops.
hi
Is eating a pizza like a cookie a med? Then I’ve been hooked on that for a while now -_-
toooooo low volume
still waiting on my diagnosis 😔🙏
Ehh I'll watch it later
IT'S BEEN 7 MINUTES HOW HAVE 600 PEOPLE COMMENTED!?
“Instead of consuming multiple media at ones” me over here looking at Reddit and playing a video game and also watching this video on my iPad:
ADHD, or Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, is a neurological condition that affects many people worldwide. But did you know that ADHD can also be funny? Here are a few examples of how ADHD can be both hilarious and entertaining:  The hyperactivity: One of the classic symptoms of ADHD is hyperactivity, which can result in a lot of physical movement and restlessness. Imagine someone with ADHD trying to sit still during a boring meeting – it's like watching a jack-in-the-box on steroids. They might tap their foot, fidget with their pen, or bounce their leg up and down so much that they start to look like they're auditioning for a role in Riverdance. The distractibility: Another hallmark of ADHD is distractibility, which can lead to some hilarious moments. For example, someone with ADHD might start a conversation with you about a topic, and then suddenly get distracted by something shiny in the distance. Or they might forget what they were saying mid-sentence and start talking about something completely unrelated. It's like watching a squirrel trying to cross a busy road – you never know where they're going to end up. The forgetfulness: People with ADHD often struggle with forgetfulness, which can lead to some comical situations. For example, they might forget their own birthday, or show up to work wearing two different shoes. Or they might forget to turn off the stove and accidentally burn their dinner, only to realize it when the smoke alarm goes off. It's like watching a goldfish trying to remember where it left its keys. The impulsivity: ADHD can also lead to impulsivity, which can result in some hilarious moments. For example, someone with ADHD might suddenly blurt out a joke in the middle of a serious conversation, or decide to go bungee jumping on a whim. Or they might impulsively buy something they don't need, like a life-sized cutout of their favorite celebrity, only to regret it later. It's like watching a toddler on a sugar high trying to make responsible life choices. The creativity: Finally, ADHD can also be funny because it often leads to creativity and out-of-the-box thinking. People with ADHD might come up with some wacky ideas that others would never have thought of, like a toaster that also makes smoothies, or a hat that doubles as a portable air conditioner. Or they might come up with hilarious puns and jokes that leave everyone in stitches. It's like watching a mad scientist at work, only instead of a lab coat they're wearing a t-shirt with a silly slogan on it. In conclusion, while ADHD can certainly be a serious condition that can have a significant impact on people's lives, it can also be incredibly funny and entertaining. So the next time you're hanging out with someone who has ADHD, embrace the chaos and enjoy the ride – you never know what kind of hilarity might ensue.
drugs should only happen if you are about to die.
honestly only person i will watch the sponsor for
This is literally me, no joke at all, I act like an NPC at school lol
I relate so much
you have no idea how fast I clicked.
I was diagnosed with ADHD or add (can’t remember ) in middle school and my parents refused medication. My dad was VERY anti medicine and instead gave me some brain focus medicine that was ‘all natural’ and I was insanely focused in school. Like I had straight A’s for the first time in years. But then my parents quit buying it and I immediately failed 9th grade
MOM I WAS HERE
love u
Ice cream sandwich is the only YouTuber where actually enjoy an ad section     Someone give this man an award
When you mentioned that you didnt need to consume multiple forms of media at the same time was when i realized that i had already gone to look at my phone as well It is so interesting to hear about other peoples experiences with medication though because i just had really bad side effects from adderall
As someone who has been struggling for the longest time with ADHD-like symptoms but never had the guts or money to get a diagnosis, thank you for being open about your experience in such a lighthearted yet informative manner
“I don’t know what an HD is but my doctor says I have 80(AD) of them.”             -Obama, I think
I LOVE ICE CREAM SANDWICH  Bro will literally always make my day peak.
I LITERALLY JUST WATCHED THE OTHER VIDEO
Literally just about to go to sleep, glad I didn't
I Have Tried ADHD Medications And It Didnt Work At All It Actually Made My ADHD Worse Honestly
Holy cow I'm here in the first 10 minutes
Yall know it's a good day when this dude uploads.
my first thought within the first 5 seconds of this video was "dancing turtle" just to let you know
cool
This guy makes me think ADHD is fun to have
Your little channel image looks like a PsychicPebbles character, are you from their team?
it's always the best day ever when andy uploads a video
I went to get a diagnoses to see if I had ADHD, and it turned out I had Autism.....:)
I guess all introverts have ADHD
I JUST switched my ADHD meds the day before this was uploaded.
We
dancing cow is more important than adhd medication
Babe look, new ice cream sandwich dropped
yeah, i’m on Vyvanse. it’s cause A LOT of rabbit holes but normally it’s great
i want the cow video
i wonder my your vids are so low in volume
The sequel we’ve been waiting for!
FIVE MINUTES
The adams talking to each other is exactly like what goes on in my brain
0:54 my god that's relatable 6:24 i had a similar thing happen to me, it was some new meds for BPD and then i started losing control of my legs. but i kept trying. until 3 days later, when my legs were just trembling in bed, contacted my psych, and got off it. 7:33 (image of latina girl saying "why not both?" goes here)
I will come back once I find that dancing cow video.
After watching Ice Cream Sandwhich's videos, now I'm starting to question if I ever have ADHD. But seriously, your videos give me a good laugh.
YES
I may have the same thing aswell when I was only like, 8 or 9 before using them in Middle School, reasons why, I get mad alot from loud noises, get distracted sometimes, so..I use pills like you did before you ended it  (if not then, okay) so I'd may have used Pills again, because of my anger, sometimes it works sometimes doesn't, so yeah I also have ADHD
3:09 Can i have free NordVPN
I need the cow song
Thank you for talking about Adhd medication, it make it easier to follow and understand and not as overwhelming
Ok I think I have ADHD, anyone seeing this video... I've been told this by my therapist, she talked to me about it. What do I do? How do I get it actually diagnosed?
i have adhd,and am also super tired- zZzzZZZzz
Cookie
W Vid.(Sub)
hi again
I have add and adhd so I had been put medication in high school but whenever I take the medicine I felt like a zombie throughout the whole day but I passed my classes.
you made the adhd video, then i figured out i had it. thank you mr sandwich!
I was on add meds from second grade till highschool, Ritalin, then was put on Adderall and stopped sleeping and eating. Got angry and got into fights, so I was put on concerta and it helped. I still take meds when I know I have a list of stuff to do and need to focus but otherwise I'm just floating around all day.
Goofy augh
but, but, drugs are in the no go zone...
ICE CREAM!!
I work in the pharmacy and you gave me flashbacks to getting yelled at for people who want their Adderall, Ritalin, and Concerta and we are out of stock 😂 Anyway thanks for sharing I don't relate specifically to ADHD but OCD is an endless loop as well and sometimes I get yeeted out the loop even with meds
I know this may sound stupid to other people, but focusing on multiple things at once helps me focus instead of the usual outcome for other people, like listening to an audiobook while doing math homework.
my adhd meds dont do anything lol
Yay
Ice cream sandwich🎉. I but a plush and subbed you’re amazing!!🎉
Maybe this ADHD explains his slow video production 🤔 🤣
I love all your vids
547 comments already and it was posted 4 minutes ago 😂 And 7.6k views
Medacatin
this is so fun to watch because u explained it soo good!!!
That smack was c r i s p y 3:33
I don’t know if this is something related to ADHD, but I’ll have a random thought about someone during school, and I’ll look over at them, but my dumb ass doesn’t look away, no I stare at them while I quickly zone out. It’s really awkward when they notice, especially because it’s a small class and everyone knows each other.
pov: you are polish and you see this plus im ADHD too :D
hi ur cool
TW: the start has talk about "coca cola" in polish.
i thought everyone was like this what
Huh.
i’m definitely not avoiding responsibilities with this
Noooo I don't want my butt to be hacked!
As someone without adhd, I can confirm that I don’t have adhd
As someone currently trying to write a character with ADHD, but is medicated. Thank you! Who knew that answers were just given!
I think you're pretty cool
Bro I luv this guy man hes Soo cool broh
im 555th comments
As someone who has ADHD I can confirm that I get distracted a lot 😀
Start with Polish video 🇵🇱
I used to take ADHD meds but my doctor prescribed me the wrong amount to take sooooo it worked to well
Love this guy videos are so entertaining
I'll watch the ad! (Please let my family go 😭)
i love your videos and im here to show my support please try try try if u can upload slightly more frequently , its so addicting to watch ahahahaha
I love this. It helps people so much!
Hiii!!!! I’m an animated my self and wonder if u want to collab??? It would be awesome if we could but u would have to record it.!! Plssssssss
First
I got it and well at first it seems to work then one day it just stops or works too good but I just started dealing with it because they wanted me to take a test ADHD medicine then had like a 20% chance of death o.o sorry it's better safe then sorry
I have adhd and all of your explanations are spot on perfect.
Me on minecraft lol
As someone else with (pretty crippling) ADHD, I can only offer the other side of the coin to those who are thinking of trying medication: it allowed me to actually be a person. I don't sleep for 16 hours a day anymore, I don't hyperfixate on things I don't even enjoy anymore, I'm not always starving, I can actually find the words I'm trying to summon in a conversation, etc. ad infinitum. Some people don't react well to certain drugs, some people might not react well to any, but some people need them to function properly. Don't base your decision to seek medication on any one person's experience- see a psychiatrist and find out whether it would be a good idea for YOU.
my adhd made me watch this. assignment due tomorrow 😁😁
POLISH COW!!!
I’ve been off the meds for a whole two weeks 😭😭. (The CVS hasn’t got them yet)
1:20 i had a coniption laughing when i realized i was doing the exact fucking thing i was watching.  i was diagnosed adhd at 6 years old, medicated all the way till college
The disrespect on polish cow… 😢
accurate
earlyyyy
OH YEA IM ALREADY ON MEDS HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
Him describing his adhd symptoms had me like: well I’m sure that’s just a coincidence
hi
I have many symptoms of ADHD, but I’m afraid of actually getting a doctor’s diagnosis because I don’t want for it to affect my career, I want to be a doctor. I also don’t want for it to have a placebo effect on me where my symptoms come out more BECAUSE I know I have a diagnosis yk? But I don’t know, I feel like it would give me closure for many of the things I have experienced in my life.
i’m happier off of my adhd meds rather then on them,when i was on them,i felt dead,and now that i’m off,my focus hasn’t changed much,i can focus a little less but i am so much happier off
Drug is a hella of a cocaine.
Wait... people can FOCUS like... Actually?
hola
i love his videos
I have ADHD and the medication, but I can never even remember my medication’s name.
How are you so relatable
I Love Your Videos :)
Another ice cream sandwich vid rahhh
Bro just described my entire thought process in one video
hehe funni cow go brrrrr
When the kindergartens start talking businesses 1:07
HE'S BACK!!!
only true fans will find a way to get adhd so that they can relate with him
bro just wanted to watch the cow...
I feel like 1:33 perfectly describes my experience lmao
Finally
I want a 1 hr compilation of jazz music played by little Ice Cream Sandwiches
hi
You finally back!!! Edit: I have ADHD it makes me think of crazy stuff and I got ADD which is kinda the same thing but yeah it takes like days for me to finish tests
for me, ADHD is a superpower :] edit: yes I have ADHD too
Funhy circle guy talk about not having smart
If he makes a second channel he should call it Twice Cream Sandwich
1:09 literally the most accurate representation of adhd I've seen in media.  🤣
I got my meds split for AM and optional afternoon dose if I have meetings or something where I can use a hand paying attention.  Keep trying you’ll find the right one.
That cow is my last braincell
I love iyskrem samdwitch
IM EARLY LETS GO HI ANDY
Why so many comments it’s been 2 mins
0:16 is that the first part of metal pipe falling over
Man's jugging some of the funny pills
LESS GO NEW VIDEO!!!
nah this is so real
I have a character Clayman
ok
#relateable
I literally have my appointment for getting medicated tomorrow for adhd 😭😭
First
I have like 12 me's in my brain and all are either talking or singing and it's very loud up there
DIRST
Remember kids Skill share will *ALWAYS find a way*
:D
I love the cow 🐮 so epikness
Ice cream sandwich: Uploads 1.3k people: *likes
Ur literally my favorite animation YouTuber 😶 also I have ADHD to 😃
Fun to see Polish Cow to make an appearance.
Spinning boi go weweweeeweeweee
One minute and 2.5k likes
Agreed, also for focusing you need to learn. Once you are able to train yourself you can HYPERFOCUS on things.
yey
I have autism, something similar to ADHD
Crazy coincidence, but as someone who just was put on meds for ADHD, this is quite relatable video
i love this lol
Hi
after i watched your adhd video,i decided to take the tests (since i had the same sythomps *idk how to write idk i dont speak english *) and then it got positive!so now watching your videos kinda hit home tho,i also can now be goofing around without people judging me lol
As someone with medicated adhd I can say this is accurate
I thought you died geez
Omg icecream sandwich!!!!! This is AWESOME!!!!!
I have ADHD too very cool
When I first was medicated I stopped taking them after 2 months cuz I thought I was "all better" it was actually just the meds working
Bro same
I have ADHD and I procrastinate a whole lot
daddy
This is my first time, well, being first! Love the video!
I too am adhd and meds didn't work as well.
Aaaa
I have adhd
fun fact: the polish dancing cow meme’s polish lyrics(i should know, im polish) is roughly:  theres only one thought in my mind five grams of cocaine fly away because a white eel will fly into my window
This couldn’t have come out at a more perfect time I just started my meds for adhd today
I loved the intro
Wowwie I also adhd wahhoo yippee argh
Yipeeeeeee
Brooooooo
oh wow another adhd vid amazing
Drugs keep the dancing cow away
you KNOW its gonna be a great day when Andy posts
Best video ever much love have a great day
🐄
🤠yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
You are the a more ADHD version of odd1sout . In a good way
I GOT IN ON THE FIRST 8 SEC!!!!!!!!!
This was posted 30 seconds ago
Absolutely zoomed here, my man. 16s, 0 views, 1 comment (that's you), 3 likes. I also have ADHD and take Vyvanse for it (:  All of this is an absolute f*ckin' MOOD
Fun fact  Polish cow is about cocaine
What was the medication D R U G
Dope, another awesome ice cream sandwich video to chomp my Gompers on :)
I am first I am god
Guys guess what I did it
0:10  legit sam
Wooo ice cream sandwich
Yay
YAY DRUGS!
Hi
The SECOND I’m having a mental breakdown bc I’m on new adhd meds what the HELL
Yesss another upload from 10/10 youtuber
Why you gotta destroy that man’s computer bro was just trying to watch a 40 hour loop
HAHA FUNI. Awesome video :D
Can we get a video of you ranking the different kinds of ice cream sandwiches?
10/10 vid
the video ever
Nice new Ice Cream Sandwich
UPLOAD LETS GOOOO
LETS GO, NEW VID!
I’m here early
Hamborgor
Yo lol the cow
The song is not necessarily good… it slaps, but the lyrics are questionable
me first commenter
HELL YEAH I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SOO LONG
I wanted more of the cow.
Only early people will see this
sick vid. my siblings all have ADHD but i don't lol
Hi, I guess I am first
“Stiky iky bad” lol
Polish cow is a banger👌
ICE CREAM SANDWICH UPLOAD
Russian cow
And you cool
I wanna watch more of the cow
NEW ICE CREAM SANDWICH VIDEO!!!!
Hi~
I'm your 3rd 👍🏼 I love you.
I like cow dance it's my medicine
I heard if you say ADHD 3 times you get pinned ADHD ADHD ADHD
ICE CREAM SANDWICH UPLOAD
“Difusal”
This is so fun! I love your content!! ❤
Great animation man and also love ur story's keep it going
ok
It's not an ice cream sandwich video without nord VPN sponsoring it
I restarted the video when he nailed down the computer...he can't stop me from watching that cow.
Do you have cancer?
woh
babe wake up, ice cream sandwich just posted
This is crazy
U seed adht
drugs 🤤
now that stupid song is re-stuck in my head? *opens cow video*
Hamburber
man we all gotta agree that dancing polish cow is the best though. makes sense why he kept opening the laptop
Nah the starting song tho 😭😭 if you know you know (no hate :3 )
I love polish dancing cow and it’s funny how the lyrics aren’t what you expect
Everyday life be like
Polish cow, this gonna be good.
I feel too early
20 seconds in and I already like it.
hey minute one club
Loving the coke cow song
I have adhd and haven’t been taking meds 2 years I’m fine
Polish cow >>> ice cream sandwich (but I love you please 😭💕💕💕💕)
Ur mom
yay new icecream sandwich video yayayyaayyayayayayayaayay!
Moo
Bro
No, no put the laptop back
I’ve been getting a lot of ADHD videos, I think this is a sign…
Hi!!
hi
Look it's me frfr!
YAY NEW ICE CREAM SANDWICH UPLOAD!! WOOOOOOOOOOOO
5th
Haha! This is so true! Love your video's, thank you!
Love your videos!
Yay more Ice Cream sandwich 😁
EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING ICE CREAM SANDWICH JUST DROPPED A NEW VIDEO
Yes
Hi
Im first in the video im a big fan
Hii I love your videos!
Sponser every video Go to the pinned comment or description
There he is!
cow
Saw this video 19 seconds as it came out, I’m interested
Polish cow
first🤓
Finally
I am the first
Hello 😃
Poor laptop cow :/
He posted! >:D
ahh I’m so early uh what do I do???
I’ve never related to a video more 😂
Cow
Beans
Love this, it's so true wtf
Love your videos
Yes
I win
ADHD is interesting, with or without meds. Its an experience.
Hi!!!! Love your videos ;w;
Chimken nuggies
HE CAME BACK ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨ this is not a drill ppl 📢📢📢📢
I am speed
YES I WAS JUST WATCHING HIS VIDEOS THATS CRAZY
First
Like 6th clicking the video or something
i love u <3
I love your vids
adhd is temporary, polish cow is forever
the intro tho☠️
This is painfully relatable for how scatterbrained I've been lately. I really need to tame my YouTube use at work.
When ice cream sandwich finally uploads 😂
Hi I love ur videos!
first
Seco d comment
Love your vids
Hello
ok
That cow is a vibe
I have this too BTW I have inattentive adhd I hate it hahahaha
This video is cool😊
I did it
Me: ADHD but self diagnosed and waiting for an official diagnosis.
literally me, and you, all of you.
Dope stuff man I like your content
Omfg I need a link to that dancing cow video
Cow💀
I love your vids
HEY MA! MA! ICE CREAM SANDWICH POSTED A NEW VIDEO!! MAAAAAA!!!
bananer
🐮
First?
Let’s go new ice cream sandwich video
Always a good day when Andy posts a video
You inspired me to make my animation characters thanks!
Hello ice cream sandwich i'm new on this channel nice to meet you
First
Love your videos u are the best
Hi
Let’s go new vid!
Yay new vid
5th
hi everyone
*dies*
Yoo new ice cream vid wooooo🎉🎉
AYO
the dancing cow consumes all
BESTIE I MISSED U
Yessss content
Oh my god
IM SCWEAM SAMMISH
Love them
How I get tested for adhd fr🙏
Nice
I see
What kind of intro is this?
YAAAAAAAY
Love that meme dancing polish cow
First
Yay new video
new vid
Forst
Who cares if your first like shut uppp
IVE never clicked on a video that fast
Hello friends. ❤
Æ
POV: you don’t know what to comment and your first
When you realize it doesn’t matter to be first
Congratulations on 2m
polish cow is such a banger for no reason whatsoever
Cool
YIPPEE ICE CREAM SANDWICH UPLOAD MY LUNCH BREAK IS NO LONGER SAD
LOL
Watches vid in 2 sec
Nice
You know it’s a good day when this man uploads
yes
First Never able to to that
I missed these
Day is now 10x better
Cow
Hi
guh…
DANCING COW ! :0
Lasagna is just spaghetti cake
E
polish cow
C O W
Watch 2 videos at once if you have ADHD
Hey
goo goo ga ga
YAYYY NEW VID
Anybody else feel like they might have ADHD?
polish cow
First
Wooot!
HECK YES ITS A GREAT DAY WHEN HE POSTS  Edit: ok but this video was highly relatable and funny 🫠
First
First
Ice cream sammich
Hi
Cow
Hey, first
First person to like I love your content by the way also I have ADHD as well so same boat bro
Go back to Italy
The perfect sequel
It’s that guy!
Henlo
Hello this is a comment that is very old
relatable moment
I love cow
First
FIrst baby
Indubitably
One of the top 100 Lol.
O
Wonderful
wsg andy
I love your animations so much!!
ice cream sandwich uploaded 😳
Hi iceram 😁👍
Yayyy he’s back
First maybe??
Hi
yo wassup
babe wake up new ice cream sandwich upload
I like ice cream
Hi
Cow do be vibing
Woag
Damn
It’s been so long since we seen one of your videos
Nice
Based video
Hello
Lol amazing
❤❤❤❤❤💙
YAYYYY NEW VIDEO OMG
BRAIN GO AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Comment 17 secs lol
Spaghetti legs.
Polish cow dancing
First to comment
Why the cow
First
The cow
Yuh
YUH
First
Never clicked so fast
Cheese    Also as a person with ADHD I can confirm this
yesssss
first?
Hi
Hi
Yo no views?
First
Hi
Watching this while eating my buttered cinnamon toast
I was like third or something
Egg
Polish 🐄
DO NOT look up the English version to polish cow…
Cool
Nice vid
farted
love ice cream samdwish
yass
First
First :D my kids love your videos man!!!
Wooo! 🎉 Definitely forgot I was watching this.
Hi
HI ANDY
ayo waddup i havent slept yet
First!! Hehehe
First
Yo
YES MORE ADHD VIDS
Cow
Cow
we
Yus
FIRSTTT!!!
Polish cow
Hi
Yaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh
Yes
Cool
cow
Yay
Yes
First
Love your vids
hi
YESSS NEW VID
Hi ice cream sandwich
Use my link https://nordvpn.com/icecreamsandwich to get an exclusive NordVPN deal. To commemorate NordVPNs 11th birthday, for a limited time only - you will receive an additional mystery gift on top!
Hi
Hi
Cocaine cow
first
Hi
ICS
FIRST  Edit: No views, 600 likes 😂
first
ADHD DRUGS
Lets goo
yess
hi 10th
here
First
Hi
Here
Nice
First!!!
First!
Hi!
Nice vid 👌
Hi
hi
Hello
Hola
Ghj
Yo
same
Yes
