Dropkick: The Game
Here in 2025. LOVED dying light. It was so different compared to other zombie games I’ve played, dead island series has been my favorite since I was like 10 years old. I had hope for DL2 because what could possibly go wrong right? The gameplay cool- the controls have me so fucked up. Didn’t even make it through the prologue of DL2 before uninstalling and unplugging my Xbox. More fun to watch than to play and that tells me everything I need to know. It’s just not for me.
hate platforming
This game is way better than this review gives it credit for
Best Zombie Game I've Played
This game looks so georgous at native 1080p
is there any stuttering issues in the game?
This game is TRASH. Much better zombie experiences out there to be had. And it somehow looks WORSE than the original. And the "story"? Dying Light 1 is Citizen Kane compared to this. Night time is NOT scary at all. One of the most disappointing sequels of all time.
Just finished dl1 after 65 hours, and jumped straight into dl2, and my first impressions are that dl2 is worse.. sure it looks nicer, but the combat feels much worse.
You had me at enemy health bars.
I played for an hour and had to check if it was a Ubisoft game. I deleted it promptly
Why the heck are there trees on all those rooftops? Is the three feet of dirt on every roof?
I finished this game during my holidays end of last year. This is one of the best games in the genre, in the same vein as The Last Of Us (which had, it's true, a way better characters development). There are some epic moments like the climbing of the tv tower, and fantastic features such as the glider. Plus the city is nicely designed, and some of the ennemies are creepy as hell. I highly recommend it. Don't listen to all the negative critics. This is worth every penny.
*Personally couldn’t really get into dying light 2 after playing dying light 1*  Cons: worse atmosphere, worse zombie strikes with blunt objects, worse story imo, dragging boring dialogue exchanges, worse tension when getting chased by zombies, worse attention to details   Pros: better combat system with other humans, possibly better parkour even though I prefer the first games parkour slightly more, the addition of the para glider in the parkour
Thx!
thank god i opened this video before buying , first person game play is a no no for me
Finished DL2 yesterday, it was such an amazing and complex game, and it's just now that I realize fans of this series hate it 🤨
You need to read a  book.......then maybe....maybe you might understand
No excuses. Just go buy it. No lip... go get it... NOW !!!
Nothing like facing zombie apocalypse WITH NO FUKN GUNS
All games have bugs etc at first.
ITS FREE ON PS+ NOW
GTA5 drops free in P2 plus tomorrow so I'm getting that as I've never played it
This game failed partly because it "didn't stick to the same horror theme" that the first game had. You want to know 1 amazing mod or update? Turn off the glowing zombies... All zombies that have glowing body parts should have it turned off... That would be such a fast and easy fix that would turn the horror factor back up.   This should be a setting that you can turn off and on in the settings menu. It would change the vibe of the whole game. It would completely change the atmosphere. The glowing zombies are so "they are easily seen" and they don't ever surprise you.  In dying light 1 at night... You couldn't physically always see the scariest zombies... Especially since it was so dark at night in the 1st one. Also they need to have a feature that makes "night darker and scarier".
2:18 we gonna ignore that voice crack
I found it to be a cheap, hollow caricature of the first one. The first game is still fun. They still put out updates, DLCs, and events for the first one. Part two felt like just another, poorly done, DLC to me.
For me it’s after you buy 😂
Dont reveal later game items bro, spoilers in this one
Just don’t buy period; developers have abandoned the pursuit of expanding the world and adding any story elements
There’s too much story. Half the early gameplay is holding B to skip. Love the game still.
3:37 Now during the DAaAaAy! 😂😂😂
Who’s here after the Dying Light: The Beast Announcement Trailer?
I love the first Dying Light! Some of the craziest moments in gaming ever were just watching an electrified zombies head split into two just above the jawline! I also enjoyed their first zombie game Dead Island. I just picked this one up on PlayStation for 60% off. I've only played like 5 hrs and I am banging my head against the wall sitting through the conversations and dialogue! The main character's voice actor seems like they should be doing comedic relief and not a serious story. It's really painful to deal with any character/dialogue in this game! The gameplay does seem really promising though so I had to go see what Gameranx had to say about it! I feel like my opinions on games often align with Jake's, so I really trust his reviews! I am definitely gunna stick with it and see if I can find that joy I got from playing the original one. Thanks!
The first red flag for me was the health bars on the enemies then no guns, graphics are trash and i don’t get then same jump scare feeling.
In short, it sucks. (From personal experience)
Everytime you do good intro we appreciate you guys
I just got Dying Light (first one) for the first time on Xbox. Planning to finish it tonight, and than might get the 🥈 based on what I’m seeing. Looks pretty good.
saw this game on sale, thanks for protecting me from another impulse buy. looks like I'll live just fine without it.
A lot of these zombie games are so unrealistic. In a zombie apocalypse humans will be running around hostile too!
In 2024 it’s gotten better  Edit:2025
This needs to be updated
Finished it again on ps5 since release. The game is still meh.
put 250 hours into it on ps4, now replaying on ps5 and doing the factions differently.  It is way better 2024 on ps5
Now we need a dying light 3 that is more in the lines of dying light 1. Something set that is not too far in the future.
is it just me or dying light 1 felt faster.
looks worse than the first just look at the players shadow when doing parkour
The game is amazing so far! Nothing to out of place in my gamplay but still early. I love that you can block now 😅 dying light one is a fun game i will admit in the later gameplay i feel the levels arent balanced but that could be just cause im not quite good at it. Either way amazing series.
Only if it was an option for third person
I heard of this series because I was looking for a game like State of Emergency (PS2), but this doesn't look anything like that.  This looks tame by comparison.
the dev. suport of this game is literaly MINDBLOWING best zombie game of latest years just for that reason alone!!!!!
Truthfully, I didn't get around to playing the first dying light till a year ago, so it was still fresh in my mind when I started the 2nd one - and maybe that biased my mind. I don't know, the second game just didn't click for me like the first one did. I felt that this was not as polished as the first one.There were huge plot holes in the story, annoying glitches, missing subtle details (like the infected not staring at the setting sun like in the first one), a lack of environmental diversity,  and I was disappointed in the lack of the grappling  hook... I didn't hate the 2nd game, it was just a bit of a let down after really enjoying the first game.
As much as people trash on this game i actually enjoy it
I know this is older now, but me and my friend recently wanted to play a zombie game but we didn’t want the typical call of duty zombies, multiplayer game. We wanted some thing open world something we could put tens of hours into and play in progress together. then we stumbled upon dying light. I knew what dying light was, but I didn’t know it was Fully multiplayer compatible and what I mean by that is the campaign is fully multiplayer except for the very last mission. I know the game is almost ancient by now, but I won’t spoil anything just in case anybody is playing dying light one for the first time anyways after about 60 hours of messing around exploring, and occasionally doing story missions, we beat the game. The parkour was phenomenal and honestly most of our game was just running around, beating the shit out of zombies, and that’s exactly what we wanted. Then we got dying light 2 we heard it was extremely buggy in the beginning so we decided to wait a year before buying it, we bought it about a week ago and have beaten the game ever sense long story short I highly recommend this game. If you even remotely like dying light, you will love dying light two the parkour is better the combats better the map is better. The exploring is better the story is better it’s pretty much better in. Every single way possible 10 out of 10 great zombie game I highly recommend it.
On a second minute spoilers. Grate thanks for that. I just waned to see review on it.
Im playing dying light 1 And 2 And the games Are great
The game seems to get in it's on way. Poor mechanics and things like blocking being very difficult. I got bored very quick and I actually preferred the first game. 15 hours in and not bothered putting in anymore
Just had to stop by and decide to buy it or not
Is it still buggy?
As Re fan Dying light is the best thing to experience
The parcours mechanics and some combat moments and story "puzzles" are really cool. but it seems like a huge AA game, nowhere as good as the first dying light
I love this game and still playing till this day
This game is a total hit especially compared to all these recently released games
Planning to get the part 2 but i have not play the 1st game yet, is it connected?
Shout out to the community.. this game is great and there is A LOT OF ACTIVE players.  Buy the game and come join us.. new events and Dlc coming and i been addicted.. 💯 😊 2023!! The story was good 👍🏻  the game dlc is also great.
I played the game on PS4 and it was really demanding and very glitchy, the game itself was ok, but it got very repetitive and the story was alright. When i saw the trailers I was very hyped on how it was going to turn out and I feel that some of the last minute changes to the game overall ruined it and I was very disappointed about how it turned out
I bought the Game like 3 days ago tomorow in romania im Gonna recive the Game i cant wait to play it you made me very excited imma subscribe for my info about Games so see if is Worth it or not
I've just started playing the first Dying Light a few weeks ago and I am absolutely hooked. Having so much fun, and can't wait to play Dying Light 2.   For those who have played Dead Island 2, which would you recommend buying first: DI2 or DL2?
Game is pretty good now 👍 picked it up on sale and it was worth it
Bro why did they add health bars? and the physics dont look as good as the first game. Sad man i thought this would be better.
I wish it came out for the Switch! I just bought it again on my Switch since I had DL on the PS4, but I didn’t know there was a Platinum Edition 😁
Ok I bought it, it better be good 😂 I absolutely love zombie games and movies idk why
I haven't played this game but i have played the first one + the following DLC. The Following felt a bit like a drag to me personally and i feel like the first game hits an unique balance between it being super hard but also tons of fun to play with a lot of freedom. I'm still on the fence about buying this game cause it feels like it doesn't hit the same kind of dark immersiveness as the first game. Anyone wanna try to convince me to buy/not to buy this game?
Game is a huge let down, got it yesterday for a tenner, a year later the game is dead and no one cares, more people still play the first one it's hilarious.  Bring on dead island 2 in April bye bye dying shite.
Good game, Horrible technical polish, the game crashes way too often.
Dyinglight 2 is such an amazing nd cool video man :]
Let's Go👏
4930-52e2-d7eb-3ae6 FREE RANDOM CODE FOR DYING LIGHT 2
Welcome to another episode of after I bought
This far off  and still being a gamer with a budget I may pass. As I haven’t updated to the modern systems to fully appreciate something I may have high hopes for. I am playing through the original’s story again rn on my base PS4. Gotta say I love this game and truly am addicted to it, and just what from what I’ve seen here I don’t really feel like it would be the same at all, given the time period so far off from the Harran Crisis. As well as a separate character to play as. The formula has been changed, and for my dollar I am not open to it.
no guns really disappointed me with the game which is why I did not buy it yes melee is a lot more fun but I just like the option of pulling out a gun and there being consequences for that like making a lot of noise bringing more zombies to you this game could've been something a lot more cool
Worth 100%
This game is still worth playing especially with the updates it's reciving
my only regret after buying this, is that i didnt return it within the 2 hour steam refund period. actually worst game iv played ever, and it should be my perfect taste. i loved the first, but they shouldnt have done this ti their fans. it gives me bad feelings for dead island 2 and i wont buy it, ill just pirate it. all because of this game
I was supposed to loan my friend elden ring but gave him this instead mwaa haa haa haa (evil laugh)
I’m so glad I’m checking this comment section game is on 50% off sale definitely is assuring me to get the game especially with all the fixes post release thanks everyone
Super disappointed
For me the first game is a Solid game considering the Time it came out, can't Wait to try the second , Thx for the video you convinced me because hearing some people it was as bad as cyberpunk 😂😂
So no one had a terrible experience with the game? Too many bugs?
I was kinda hoping I'd still be kyle/crane in the 2nd one, but I guess aiden/ayaden is cool too. I just finished the story of dying light 1 started playing the following. Pretty awesome game, and I'm playing it on switch. For some reason I didn't buy it on pc or PS5, but it's still great.
Ever since I seen dying light 2 in third person.. it made me want to buy it 😅
Yea this game was dull and felt highly unorginal. The mc was just wack and felt basic. They removed guns due it making harder targets easy which i mean guns are supposed make its easier and even out the playing field. If done in one whole gameplay its at most 12 to 14 hours maybe less. Its just felt like more a cash grab than genuine new content
I'm a bit late to the party but I absolutely loved the first game is it still worth to get the second?
This game is far too serious in its movements, like Americans are with their flags outside their houses: a sign of complete insecurity.
I have this on PC and have played like 20 mins and debating uninstalling... Does it get good?
Just got it on Ps5 for 15 dollars Cyber Mondayyyyy
Black Friday brought me back. 29 bucks
Perfect for 25$ I'm in
9:30 After a big first patch. PS5 has 4 Performance modes.  Performance - 1080p upscaled to 4k using FSR, up to 120hz  Balanced (the one I use) - 1269p upscaled to 4k using FSR, at stable 60hz  Quality - upscaled 4k with some Ray traced elements at 30hz  Resolution - native 4k at 30hz  Overall good. I think that's the best we'll get in terms of optimization from techland  everyone seems content with that so they'll probably start pushing new content as performance is fine as is.
I like where you said "when you buy some skills you Feel like you can't live without them" I got the game on PS4 when it 1st released I've recently got a PS5 and I.  upgraded the game to the PS5 version and had a restart all over and I have no idea how I survived so long without all the skills I had🤣🤣
The story of Kyle crane was the best video game story I’ve ever seen in my life the ending was so amazing I literally don’t think any game has ever been better the story felt like I was reading a book
Well, that's a colossal letdown.  I picked up the original finally for $15 on PSN, with all the DLC. Pretty much binged the shit out of it for a few weeks and enjoyed myself despite many gripes with a number of systems/design choices (inconsistent damage and weapon durability being the biggest gripes overall) and I've been looking forward to diving into the sequel - especially to see if there's any mention whatsoever on Kyle's fate.  That's extremely upsetting to find out that for all Techland's hype about the story and decision making, it's all kinda "meh". I actually thought the 1st game's plot and cast were pretty good. it could have been a lot better (Brecken just kinda vanishing midgame as very jarring he literally just vanishes) and like I said, I actually really did like Kyle. He's one of the very few Zombie protagonists that managed to endear themselves to me (and I HATED the ending to The Following because of that...)  Considering how long they supported the 1st game, I think I'll wait until at least a year after launch when bugs have been fixed and post-game story DLC has been released. I hope they do SOMETHING with Kyle (maybe a boss fight?)
Imagine if they added a raid system where if one side gets too pissed they might attempt to take one of those places you gave to the other side
Yeah but why are there so many howlers at night like you can't go without being sighted at all there's just so many on one row
When the zombie game makes you pick flowers before killing zombies
On sale for steam  Been on Elder Rings
graphics are slightly better... the controls are horrendous compared to the first... frame rate, movement,  and combat don't feel anywhere near as smooth... hitting enemies and knocking them out of the ball park was too unrealistic for me. The new "Monsters" from the beginning were to far fetched for me.. The story was very boring...... I loved the first game (the story wasn't to bad) and I was so looking forward to this for a long time... both me and my son... waited a few months after it came out to buy it so they could work out any bugs... we played it for about 3 hours and we were both very disappointed in the game.. we both refunded the game on steam and got a refund.... Note. In probably about 15 years on Steam I have only asked for a refunded 2 maybe 3 times before this game. The game just feels stiff and off.
Story pretty short, side quests on the other hand are just combat/parkour challenge delivering stuff, most combat skill tree are useless and parkour skill too.GRE room lab looks the same, you can predict which and where the items gonna be, easily, hence you can rush the place there even at daylight filled with zombies, played on Hard but still a cakewalk. Graphic good tho😷 6/10.
I agree with that thats why i love farcry 3 you go from hopeless rich boy to hardcore survivalist who swims with sharks
This game is total garbage... Lenoir pile of crap...I was thinking I was going to be playing an open world game with branching story lines...... wasn't even close to that..... Total crap
Me watching a before you buy, after i've bought the game
The UV/Immunity Meter they added in the game is killing the game for me.
SO BASICALLY... Dying Light 2 is the Mirrors Edge we should have had.
Well, it has come time for me to buy it now that it has hit $30 on steam sale (Halloween bundle, I already own the first one so I just get 50% off of the 2nd). I haven't paid over $30 for a game in well over a decade, I wait not only for the price drop but the bug fixes.
Is it all first person? I sure first person
Nah dying light 2 is balls
This game was okey but not more than that   Really a downgrade compared to the E3 version.......
The game is cool. My only turn off is the weapon system and you can't repair them at the safe zones. I just started playing this yesterday. I'm still getting the feel for this.
Loved the game
Should have been 3rd person
You said a bit like jake peralta
Rewatching this video having now played the 1st one, it sounds like a definite sequel. A ton of the things u mention are common already in DL1 - meh story, forgettable characters, hit or miss VA, lots of side missions, and gameplay and skills all seem very similar but with some add ons like health bars. So overall seems decent, I'll check it out as i thought DL1 was good but not amazing, but I'll know what im going into.
I got dying light 2 the day it released, and I experienced a couple little bugs here and there. Otherwise, the game was absolutely beautiful.
I really like DL2 but it seems like they tried to do a little too much. I don't like the armor system or the fact it crashes a lot and at the worst times. I do like how the parkour seems to be a lot smoother. The only thing  that really bugs me is the graphics don't seem to be quite as good as the first one. Maybe it's just me but the zombies and buildings just don't look as realistic. I just like to have very realistic graphics in a game like this. Absolutely loved the first one. I still play it all the time. I was getting tired of zombie games but Dying Light 1 and Days Gone did a great job and I got back into the zombie games. I really hope Days Gone gets a sequel and the hordes are a lot bigger.
I hate this game.Too much blabla. Very disappointed. I prefer to replay the first edition with the following dlc.
LOVE UR WORK JUST INSTALLED THE GAME ON PC Thank u 🙂👍👍👍👍👍👍
Sincerely glad you enjoyed the game. I disagree heartily with a lot of what you praised the game for, but I'm glad others were able to get the enjoyment out of it that I failed to.
I didn't like this game  I liked last of us 1 and 2  and better graphics  and you have a gun storyline . Dying light was fun I hated R 2 was jump lol 😆 and many other things
Just bought it for 35 bucks 😎 waited out for that sale yes sir 😁 loved the first one deftly  worth it
Gameranx will always be the better IGN
I got mine xbox one and my game is so full of glitches and bugs that it's almost on par with cyberpunk power stations and water towers aren't working the audio is bugged and half the textures are bugged so that characters appear gray and undetailed most of time and I have to play with the music off because if I don't the music glitches everything
What are some good offline solo play story mode games that are good on PS5 I'm waiting till we move to play battlefield online but until then trying to find some kick ass solo games
PC version fan terrible. I got it on the Series X instead. Performance mode is the only way to actually enjoy the gameplay. The Story is without a doubt one of the most boring games I have ever played. Idk how they took the time to make such a fun game yet fill it with dumbass story plots.
there is a ton of stuff that they stripped from the first game that i do not understand... but a huge one is why did they take away the ability to repair your weapons? you can no longer get invested and attached to weapons anymore. i miss having a weapon for a bunch of different battles and scenarios that it almost made me a little sad when it broke. that was not just any knife that broke... that was little Jeffrey... little Jeffrey Dahmer... me and little Jeffrey had been through many of quirky hijinks and now i just can't imagine surviving a zombie apocalypse without him. i always had a hard time killing other humans so when i struggled i  could always turn to little Jeffrey to save the day and prison shank my foes into submission. also they took out small knives for some reason which makes no sense. i miss small knives so much and i miss being able to quickly shank stuff with it like an out-of-control prison riot. it was so fun and i loved the clean animations that came with the small knives...
I do not understand why they didnt make Dying Light 2 with the same enginge or something? NO one would have complained if the storyline was good and was scary.
Why the graphic look like ps3 graphic? If they could upgrade the graphic quality as good as horizon I would probably buy it.
This game is soooo clunky and unoptimized. Pure, unadulterated jank.
This game has major issues with audio the sound goes all fucked up or it disappears all together and techland don't seem to be acknowledging it
Bought this game yesterday, uninstalled after a few hours, pretty much garbage compared to the first one. It looks beautiful I'll give them that.
Replaying Cyberpunk with an Omen 45L rtx 3080 gpu and honestly people still commenting on how "glitchy/buggy" it is baffles me. Next gen consoles are 2 gens old performance. I honestly think the complaints are people who will never invest in something that works. Its such a shame how cyberpunks release went down but just like no mans sky I am hopeful for a better future. Side note DL2 looks like a snoozefest cyberpunk with zombies ill stll give it a whirl and for the honest review, thank you.
Dying light 2 would be so much better of you can actually find weapons (swords and hammers or axes ) in crates or be able to loot them of enemies
Feels similar to Far Cry 6, probably same game creation engine.
PC version SUCKS when using keyboard n mouse - i nearly quit, felt awful (floaty/laggy) So I caved and tried the controller, instantly changed how the game felt - even feels easier some how, parkour is better, fighting better and as there's no (non easter egg) guns theres little lost (hmm makes me wonder if thats why guns were removed?) Anyway they really crapped the bed with kbd/mouse controls for DL2 -  unlike Dying Light 1 where kbd/m felt great.  In short, on PC play with controller or end up hating it.
Sucks on ps4 too much screen Tering
This game won’t ever start up 6 months after it’s release date it’s not worth a single cent don’t buy this dumpster fire of a game
This one is nothing like the original. The combat mechanism is realistic but lackluster. In the original crane could just kick a zombie who would then stumble and fall down and then keep smashing it on the dudes head with the most shittiest weapon all while hearing its groans.
really shity game with shity ass story
I cant stand the fact that a ballbat or a pipe has durability … i could see if crafted weopons had a durability but every weopon just breaks coupled with the imunity its irritating … i see expensive weopons and im like oh yea lets buy that kill some enemies and my my moneys gone sweet!
1/10 alot of bugs happen and glitches and there is a glitch so bad that it crashes your game and corrupts your data
I've started to play dying light and put 44 hours into so far and have a total of 10k zombie kills. From seeing dl 2... I already don't like the health bar on enemies. Guns are less common. Maybe I'm still pissed about the ending in dying light. Dying light 2 seems more cartoonish like borderlands compared to the first one. I could be very bias because I've really enjoyed the first one and have high expectations. I'm gonna wait for the dlcs and the price to come down. I don't wanna spend alot for a let down. I got dying light on a deal with all dlcs. After playing I would've bought it at full price.
I've been searching on google, so I brought dying 2 on for ps5 a bit after it came out, I was able to play it before but one day when I tried to play, it said I can only play purchased content and the same happens for the first dying light, I can't play neither because "I didn't purchase it" when I did, any help?
they really shouldnt try to reinvent the wheel with these games...    they had a winning formula...   they had continuity...   they should have kept the old story and characters....  basically, made it DL1 with better graphics and more options...  thats my view...
I'm having fun so far. It is graphic demanding but s beautiful environment.
I wish they could make An AMC: The Walking Dead like the arcade machine with those two guns inside and do side mission: with Glenn Rhee, Abraham Ford, Daryl Dixon, michonne I would love to see a game like that would you agree
Me on the other hand: Empress cracked dying light 2 yesterday so it's time to play the game.
I just want to know how it holds up to the first game, because I absolutely love dying light, and I kinda want to get dying light 2, but I’m expecting it to be something like the first and I don’t want to be disappointed
It's only been 50s and you already made me want to throw up
I will still know “Aden” as kyle crane
I really want to buy this, but the urban environment reminds a lot of The Division 2, and I'm a little scared of "having seen the environment already" when I start to play Dying light 2. Of course, there's no parcour in TD2, but... in what aspects does Dying Light 2 really differ from TD2?
Waited so long for this to come out and I just found out today it’s been out for months
What you guys think my local GameStop has the steel book copy used for 37 grab or pass
So it's been a bit can someone please tell me if they have fixed the game. I have never played it but I'm thinking about getting it.
I'm about half way through Dying Light and I'm just not enjoying it at all. I'm sick of running everywhere. The combat is boring and I don't care for the night time gameplay. The night looks lighter in DL2 which is nice, can actually see, but it's still more of the game. Exactly what fans wanted and deserved I'm sure, but nothing enticing enough to make me want to finish the first or skip to the second. These games just aren't for me unfortunately.
The best channel , very polite and wise
looks beautiful!  i love the beginning of you showing off that beautiful view by jumping down the building swinging! nice start!
Dying Light 2 zombies it's like they're not even part of the game you can just run pass them and avoid them so easily the first game there were thousands of zombies they were more part of the game and the story.Dying light 2 zombies suck
i hate dying light 2. i prefer dying light 1 i just dont know whats wrong withdying light 2 it just feels so boring and the parkour is terrible to me i thought the game was gonna be like E3 but its actually terrible and just a city to run around in like i playground and i hate it a would love the game if it was E3 but right now and forever to me the game is shit and terrible.
Witcher series is the only game ive ever played where ur decisions ACTUALLY Mattered.
Usually I love your reviews but this felt a bit bland. The only thing you really went into was how fun it is to kick dudes off rooftops. How about going into the crafting, inventory, skill tree, merchants/vendors, types of activities. I honestly felt like I've gained nothing from this video.
hey anyone who reads this. would you get dying light 2 or Call of duty vanguard? both incredibly cheap at $20 temporarily on sale
1:05   I know this video isn't new but I'm planning on getting the game and I came here for a review. I do appreciate how clearly I was able to discover this but I figure I should just remind everyone who reads this, that IGN used a review copy making this. Meaning it may be biased so they continue to get review copies. If you're confused and have time to take out of your day to learn about how review copies can bias a review. Check out Ranton's video on why review copies can be a problem.
It's a good 7 out of 10 but a disappointment considering they took 6 years to build a garbage story and generic non existing dialogues.
I was looking for a real review...
You guys are always amazing with the before you buy videos. You really helped me alot to decide haha
The graphics are graphics blow
people said dying light was difficult,  cousin and I started on hard, and did not struggle at all. we got to the second area and I shit you not we uninstalled on how boring the game became. Zombies are not hard at all, especially a lot less when you can parkour wherever. the Volatiles were a goddamn joke.  We even tried to make it easier by not parkouring and standing our ground in the middle of the night over and over and over and over and over. Im sorry but open world games are bland asf and the reason why people think they are hard is because nothing is hard or has been hard in the gaming industry for over 8 years.  its all a joke. RE4 is a goddamn joke too, play code veronica, outbreak, og socom games etc etc. Ill Pirate the game first and try it. If shit Ill just uninstall, if Good I'll buy
FIRST game was so better, second one is more about humans fighting for a fuckedup city and there is less horror and scary thing in it .
Thank you for this video!
Fairly generic western survival game, even more so than the first game. Another gritty realism-obsessed game with boring dickish characters. Seems like sequels always go in a backwards direction.
Tho I prefer my open world zombie survival games with gun elements, I'd play this one even if it's only melee.
Remove the par-core and I'd be interested in this game.  I've never been good at timed jumps.  They get frustrating and irritating.   Tried it once in Laura Croft.   Ended up hating that game too.
No mention of bugs and MP issues. Biased review IMO
I know it’s 4 months later, but I bought the game a couple months ago and played the whole thing in about 2 weeks, only a couple minor issues, but it was some of the most fun I’ve had in a video game. Now playing the first one for the first time, and I’m loving it.
No cross gen. Game breaking bugs. Poor writing. Boring quests
Do you have to play the original dying light to understand this game
Played Dying Light & Dying Light: The Following. So excited to grab this!!!!
The game finally went on sale so I’m definitely picking this game up.
These videos are the best idk what I’d do without them other reviews don’t compare
i dont really like how stiff the animations look but otherwise looks fine to me and i'll try it out
I chose this over BF 2042.what y’all think ?
Man those graphics do not look ps5
Be careful your entire progress can get randomly deleted
Pile of catpiss of a game. The atmosphere, the graphics dont match the zombie environment in any way. It looks like a fucking childs playground dream with overdone sunset
Im a huge fan of games that let you start out bare bones and let you build up your own character. I’m buying this today
Heh, UV Shroomz. Paul Stamets would be so disappointed.
Before you buy it's garbage.
Honestly, this game is a complete and utter bust. I appreciate gameranx very unbiased reviews so much. But there is just no way they had the bugs me and several others are experiencing. They are completely game breaking. One of them makes it virtually impossible to go out at night. Which basically is the entire premise of the game. I would completely avoid this game till it’s polished. If it ever is.
So it’s Fallout 4 with more zombies but not as big or as good.
Looks like far cry senior
This game sucks
I liked it for 10 hours but it as become a bit of a chore to play
I loved the first one but DL2 is for me a terrible disappointment. The story is long and dull, dramatically inert and the cut scenes go on and on and on for what feels like forever. The gore too is nowhere near as impressive as DL1's. What is it with those crappy looking superimposed blood splats and weapons that - again, unlike the first one - all feel the same?  I agree the parkour is lovely and bouncy and easily the best thing in the game but that's simply not enough. Techland offer unmatched post launch support but I feel no matter how much DLC is available they're never going to be able to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear and that, alas, is what DL2 amounts to.
This is footage from a PS5???? Shoot, my PS5 must be missing hardware My DL2 is slow, jagged, janky, choppy, full of bugs. I’ve died so many times because I can’t run through a door, window or climb up a 3 door ledge…. I absolutely miss DL1…. The soundtrack, graphics, fluidity, story, were YEARS before their time. DL2 is to DL1 what Matrix4 is to the trilogy. Dead Island was more intriguing. DL2 is still addicting. I don’t want to bash and lie. It’s addictive because it’s new. My point is that it’s a lazy new.
I loveddddd the first game and I'm really excited for the second one
I’m having a great time with the the game the only thing i absolutely cannot stand is every time i mess up and fall from somewhere high and take a bit of damage Aiden always says “that was awesome” 😂 I think the game registers that as me sticking a good landing but it’s so annoying 💀
Pues entonces lo único bueno que tiene es que trepas por todas partes, pero no tiene historia profunda ni personajes que te encariñes, ni cinemáticas geniales así que nah
The gameplay is fine but don’t ask for anything else in this game.
first time watching a before you buy before i actually buy XD
In dying light, my friends and I had something called a "rumble pit" where at night we would farm volatile kills, it was challenging, but it gives a ton of money, I don't think we'll have a rumble pit in dying light 2
Can you turn off gore?
I know it just came out not too long ago but do you  guys think they will make a  enhanced version like they did with the first dying light?
I do t how techland had done it but between the first and the latest game must've killed 🤔 idk 10,000 zombies and it never gets old
even thought this game looks good, I think I might wait till it comes on sale. also what's with developers doing day 1 patches. why don't they just fix issues before releasing the game?  P.s thanks for the review. this is really helpful :)
First I check my bank account. Then I check before you buy!
This was the WORST game ever produced (and a 7 year wait I might add) and in no way does it work correctly or even match up to the first one at all. Its a total DOWNGRADE, in EVERY ASPECT.  Nonsensical Story,  horrible graphics, buggy to the point that its literally unplayable, and game mechanics that make it straight up unenjoyable.   I actually felt like I was completely ripped off.   The Sun doesn't even move, the sky doesn't even change.  People cared who made this??  Uh. no.  Every building looks the same, there are literally no special effects to the zombie melee, and every zombie fights the same.   ....when they DO fight.  Which is rare.  No fear factor at all and no coherent storyline.  Whatever crack anyone is smoking to say this game is good, I'm sure its top rate purity because this game is unfinished garbage just put out there to sell on a name and ruin the good faith of the gamers.
My friend was talking to me about this game. It's been months since release, so I'm anticipating the bulk of the glitches being eliminated. I'm also the kind of gamer that skips the dialogue and doesn't care too much for the story, so that sounds like a win for me as well. The game just went on sale, so that's cool. I think it's a no-brainer for me at this point. Thank you for putting out an informative video without any spoilers to give me an idea what the game is about.
I prefer dying light. This game needs work.
How many phases does Waltz have? 4 100? Having fun until I get Waltz down to almost zero health and what a surprise as 100th cutscene. I hope in the future Dickland patches the 100 phases of Waltz in the battle against him. To me I beat the game within his tow phase after getting him down to zero.  DL1 is way better, no bullshit 100 phase boss battles that takes away form the combat every goddamn minute.
running and jumping looks so off and bad?. How did this go trough?
Aden what a Lame Name the developers thought that  sounded cool -sounds like a Blade villain deacon frost cheesy
Left 4 dead 2 is still king of zombie games to me but this looks pretty decent
I think I've seen the abstergo logo.
Just wish it was third person
Running Simulator
Dying Light  is the better game in every way - it still even looks better. And somehow the story in 2 is even worse. The main missions are abysmally boring, the quests are even worse, and something like only 1 new zombie type? They ruined the nights, the nights were freaking terrifiyng in all the best/worst ways,  something I have never seen replicated in any game.  But the worst fuckups are movement, sounddesign and the "nights", the ultimately worst is movement,  it feels clunky and unrealistic, while before it was the most realistic, immersive and liberating movement sheme I have ever seen in any game to date. Back then (and still to this day) I was dissapointed of EVERY new game that did not have the same movement like Dying Light. Sounddesig was with the movement system a standout feature of the game it was richer,  more immersive, more frightning and even of better quality, go figure.  Dying Light was and still is a 9/10 to me, I finished the game 7 or 8 times while Dying Light 2 barely kept me playing through it. In Dying Light you could feel that it oozes vision and coherency in every aspect, the new one just feels like a giant jumbled mess barely holding it together. Maybe the only thing surpasing 1 is 2's fighting system. Maybe.  Techland and CD-Project Red should make a game together, then we would have great gameplay AND a great story and mission system.
I did get stuck a couple places and had to restart the game.  That's the only con I can find with this excellent game.  It should be chosen the best game of the year for sure!
Dying Light 2 has about the best story I've ever seen in a game, and I've played them all!  VERY well written!  Really well done game!  It's like the designers played all the best games and made the best parts better!  I'm pretty impressed!  This is the future of these kind of open world survival games!
People are really sleepin on this game and I don't know why. I plan on getting this game soon
Wow a modern game that actually looks promising. Guess I'll put the xbox original on hold, dust off the ps4 and pick this one up
This games great but ahs gotten a teeny tiny stale for me, Ik new game plus will def bring me back for a long time but all they need to do with the future dlc is let us drive and shoot a few guns like the following, would make this game reallyyy great and stop people from complains about nO gUns
I really like this game and for me it's just great, but again I barely play online so that's something I wouldn't know.
Every single word feels like spoiler. Imma play it.
I haven't played both of them and Im still not interested.... I find it funny how he also says it's a little repetitive, no games like this are very repetitive and get boring within a couple hours.... The fact that you also said that the dialogue and story in your opinion was also trash makes it even that more repetitive, all you're doing is running around meleeing hordes of zombies over and over again and parkouring.... Almost forgot about that looting 🤦
looks boring, blend, repetitive and too colorful
It is so frustrating to hear that coop connection issues persist in this second game! As ppl below said, co-op is, for some, the main reason they purchased the game. This is the EXACT issue they had with Dying light 1 and that they NEVER FIXED IT! Which was 7 years ago!.. For me, figuring out the coop/connection issues would have been my #1 priority for developing this next game. Hearing ppl are having issues connecting will DL2 will more than likely deter me from buying it. I bough DY1 with the season pass, all the DLCs and everything else in a bundle to play it with friends and we could never get it to work. Tried all the tricks and tips from ppl on reddit and YT and we even continued to try to get it to work about once a year to see if a fix was made, but nothing, so I never played it. So I essentially just threw my money in the garbage, but yet the devs got my money. I will not give them my money without getting their product again. I was skeptical to begin with, but now that I'm hearing it's happening again.. It's just frustrating.. Sadly, I'll be crossing this one off my list.
I’m honestly not the biggest fan of zombie games but this game is really fun with friends but idk about playing alone but playing with friends is definitely the highlight of this game it’s extremely fun to play
Dying light 2 is a trash game enough said
It may have been delayed a few times, but I can say that Techland still made the right choice moving to the Dying Light series instead of Dead Island 2, which is STILL in development hell.
Man that combat system looks boring as hell.
Look, people in these comments half of which probably never bought the game are going off peoples opinions. These before you buys are the persons experience with the game and there chats about it. That doesn’t mean you will or won’t like it depending on those reviews. For me, I really enjoyed the game. Yeah the story was kinda eh but the gameplay was honestly more fun than the first and I am glad they took guns out tbh. You had to literally aim with r3 and it was slow and clunky. This game for me was far by a 8/10
says no spoilers, then spoils the storry XD
Sjoe maar di grafix is so mooi in di game wouw
1st game was amazing. Just bought the 2nd one
The original is a classic but this one I’d say wait to buy. It has a lot of glitches and bugs that need to be fixed.
sAFe
It looks like he's doing a French mime when he's searching stuff.
Just thinking of buying this game and needed an honest bias view on it. thank you bro
I loved Dying Light 1 but for some reason something about this game is turning me off. Maybe I’m not feeling the aesthetic idk
Dying light two is a good game buy it
fun fact: you can only wake up zombies if you are in a dark zone
I'll still wait a few months. It's still finicky
When they add a new game+ feature, then i'll play the shit out of it.
Let's just say techland really care about their game like even not letting dying light 1 dying till this game.
I’m right with you. The story is …meh. But that ok. Cause the gameplay, the loot, the leveling up, the intense zombie chases, etc etc etc. Completely outweigh the poor story. Most time I was like “Yea yea yea. Shutty! Just tell me where I have to go. So I can do some parkour samurai dark knight stuff!” Love this game.
I didnt like the parkour in this game, it felt out of physics, like gravity doesnt work that much
BoRING!
I just got dying light 2 and this was very helpful thanks for posting this
Just seeing if this happened to anyone else playing the game ??? After I maxed my stamina (lvl 26) my health maxed out too obviously a bug but since the update it’s Still maxed lol wtf game is buggy asfffff
This game is shit, spend hours finding inhibitors to level up your health and it makes no difference, you still die in 2-3 hits from an enemy. Fighting humans is way harder than it should be, if there’s more than one human coming at you you’re fucked. Fuck knows how you’re supposed to take over a settlement solo, this game is clearly made for co-op.
I feel the first one was better due to the night zombies being scarier and always there, the story being better and such but with 2 there’s some good and bad stuff there and there, mostly the bugs are the worst, the story with too much talking is annoying, the intro everytime starting the game waiting ages in the loading screen and many other problems involving bugs even the type of bugs that prevent from progressing
Like the game but no new game pluse makes me second guess ?whats the point of playing if you cant keep progress and half to restart  everything
I have a PC with very solid specs and cant get this game past 60 frames even on lower settings, very sad considering the game has so many other issues, performance really is the nail in the coffin for me. Don't buy unless you are on console or have the best of the best of a pc build.
In 2022 i cant stand more that Skyrim type of combat....
The hand movements while running look so fucking stupid
I just started playing this and I really thought the voice actor of the protagonist was Nolan North. Sounds just like Nathan Drake bro
Loved the first one.  I'm installing DL2 on my ps5 now.  My psn account says I played about 500 hours on the first game.  Can't wait!!
Am I the only one whatches these after buying the game that he’s reviewing
Jake Baldino: "...and I love cutting off people heads."  * *couple seconds later in your DMs* *  ISIS: "Hi﻿ ʘ‿ʘ"
Too late.
The floaty physics and cartoony look of the zombies is... Less than pleasing
If only this was available on third person, I'd buy this in a heartbeat
I immediately didn't like this game. From having to have stamina to the lame or not existent music it was trash. Some games like movies just don't need a sequel. Don't waist your monkey on this game . It sucks . Also the OG PS4 has. A really hard time running it .
I waited to buy for updates, I mean, it's not a bad game, sequals to game can usually be just terrible, but this was pretty good, it didn't go to crazy on changing everything. I do with their was more than Parkcore and combat skill tree, and the combat seems kind of lacking, u swing ur blade side to side and get a power attack. Vertical slashing or an up slash like deaf island would be nice, and the world is pretty big, I can't keep up with much but alot of big buildings which is cool, but always having to paraglide kind of just drains me, and the zombies are a little worse from the last time, only time it's ight is at night but just howlers left and right so ur forced to run.also, you can't even throw ur weapon or repair from what I'm aware of so when it breaks it breaks, and if someone long range, u gotta use Bow. Glad the game finally came out though it was worth the wait, 7/10
I want this game purely to run around the city!!
This game looks dumb asf.
Thank you guys for your before you buy videos I've been watching since I was 16 so about 10 years now. You've saved me a lot of money. Hopefully you don't mind me advertising my new gaming channel. It's called wickedGamez420.  I would really appreciate a shout out.
I know that Horizon Forbidden West is technically a way better game but I still want to buy this instead because I loved Dying Light. What should I do?
5:50 I found this with the first game. This was fun my first time playing but agonizing the second time around, it takes 10 hours to get to a point where you can play with your muscle memory, too many core gameplay mechanics are looked behind mid and late game skill trees
I loved the first game and I have been chomping at the bit for the second game. I just found out my company is giving us a bonus this week for continuing to work for them the last few years through all the chaos. So I wanted to watch this review just to see if I would get my moneys worth. (I knew I would, but better to be safe than sorry.) Anyway, can't wait for payday so I can finally get this game. The first one is one of my favorites, I got every DLC and I can't wait to play this. P.S. Please have the crossbow in this one! That weapon is a beast!
Wow. It's been a long time since I've outright straight up regretted buying a game. This was one of the worst games I've ever played. The only enjoyable bit is the parkour. Literally. The story was actual hot garbage. Only "rpg" I've played in years where I just skipped side quests, cause they were THAT bad.  Combat was worse than dying light 1, its the only game zombie game I've played where I didn't really care to go around just killing.  The glitches, the audio bugs, I mean literally the game was unplayable for me on the PS4 until they fixed it with that recent patch. Maybe it would have been more enjoyable if I just played it on my pc, but damn.
SV_gravity 1000? Hes floating like on the moon :/
Its at best a 6/10, with some fixes and quality of life improvements it would reach 8/10. I might be wrong, but in the first one you could repair your weapons, here however you can't, get a bad ass weapon that you love ? Kiss it goodbye after a while. I didn't play more then about 10 hours though, so it MIGHT get better later in, but i just got bored and didn't feel like completing it.
Man thank you gameranx for calling me a badass!!
500 hours was a gross exaggeration. I’ve collected everything except 3 collectibles & I’ve got ~80 in. I only have like 8 achievements left as well.
I actually accidentally bought this game, I was drunk while purchasing another game [fnaf security breach] while dying light 2 was in my cart which I didn’t know, then looked at my wallet balance and saw that I spent more than I should’ve then went back and checked and then boom………..I bought dying light….
So, is the difficulty curve better than in 1? Or do the infected also start out as whimps and then suddenly become frustratingly resiliant, if you progress the story?
I watch these after i buy
An interesting trivia: Hakon is played by David Belle, the creator of parkour as an official sport.
This game is garbage
Character progression? Rethink that
Dying Light 2 - Before You Pirate
Just got the game a few days ago and finished it as well playing on xbox 1s. experienced a lot of bugs and a few minor problems in the final boss room. Anyone else have similar isues
Any hackers getting close to crack this game? Can't wait to try before buy!
It’s one of the games, where combat & parkour is enough to keep going throughout the open world. When you think FPS can’t be different, titles like Dying light come up to prove otherwise.
I’m just super disappointed that they changed up the grappling hook. Super disappointed that you can’t even climb up the thing once it’s hooked. Just swing. Being that there are super high buildings it would of been especially nice to keep it as it was in part one. I think they changed it because of the dumb windmills. Hopefully they add in an upgrade so that at the least you can climb up. All this parkour and you can’t climb a rope??? Come on
It's been fun, waltz is definitely a more intimidating villain than raiz
Is it just me, or is the graphics shit compared to the first one? On the ps4
Is anybody else’s game just crashing when you try to get into your inventory. I can play for 20 minutes. Try to get in my inventory and it just crashes my PlayStation.
So it's mirrors edge zombie edition?
Thanks for the help i'll play the first game for a bit because it look a little bug filled and i have a bunch more stuff to do on the first game
I just beat the game and i only had a few bugs like the audio bugs and a uv spot icon not disappearing but a quick open close the game or a google search and problem solved. i loved the game and honestly is one of my favorite games ever
My biggest problem is the story. Not that is sucks but that why the hell is there even a zombie problem? All these dummy’s jumping from roof to roof killing zeds all day long. Make a damn sweeper crew, the city would be zombie free in a year. you send 4 to 5 guys in at day when there sleeping getting backstabs. Then lure the big guys into traps. How the hell are zombies even a problem.
Commenting for Youtube Algorithms3
Honestly best review I've read after playing , story feels lackluster but the gameplay keeps you well entertained in between that
Yes there has been a few times my hands were litteraly swearing so bad
The game has some BIG issues,like serious ones. idk witch one is worst Skyrim or Dying Light 2. If you're not ready to be restarting the game multiple times because of some dump bugs and glitches? Than this is not for you,unless of course you're updating it constantly.
And all the times you jump onto a small ledge and my character will side step slightly fall and die.. that gets really frustrating when im obviously not pressing the movement, but when you jump far and land your character shuffles around too much
Should’ve had guns
All you need to know, is... Its fucking rubbish compared to the original. Played the original one for about 4 years, this one...2 weeks. No replay value, no depth to characters, no night invasion, easily complete game with weapons you find, waited the best part of 5 years for this rubbish, wish I hadn't purchased.  R.I.P.  Kyle Crane.
I'm probably 5 or 6 hours in and I have to say, I'm not really enjoying it that much. I'll keep playing for a bit longer though and hopefully it gets better.
Looks like a 2015 game not a 2022 game. Disappointed with the graphics, combat and progression. Not to mention its buggy af. The story is alright and co op still has major flaws. Def not a $60 game. More of a $30 -40 game. I'd rate it a 6/10
Developers did say they gonna support this one for 5 yrs hopefully we get a continued story dlc
I always take a look on this channel before making a purchase. Thank you guys
It looks worse than the first one, the world looks great but over all, it looks much worse...
No guns? No thanks!
Guys should I get DL2 or Horizon Forbidden West?
I'm not even in the big city yet but I'm loving it
Watching before you buy after i bought it alr
I just want to know if I pay $60 will I get my money's worth or should I wait for the price to drop. My mom just passed and I want a long long game worth buying especially being that it's $60 and I don't want to waste my money. Please let me know what I should do
Fast travel is the only thing not working for me
I personally I love the story. The first arc in old Vidor is ok, But after that I was really invested. Is that because Lawan... maybe.
Just got my series X  this was the only game I bought for it gonna take sometime this weekend to see what's good
the characters looked and spoke better in the 1st game
WHAT The $&!+ is that coin dropping noise all the time?!
I love this game but I’ve noticed a lot of sound glitches and texture glitches is anyone else having these problems
Idk why I watch these when me and me grinds just game share with each other
Due to isolation caused by covid I just bought this to pass time, great review 👍🏾
I've loved it since it dropped. Haven't had any bugs and the game has been super smooth for me. Kind of sad Elden ring is about to drop because I won't have time for both but I beat the main story of dying light 2 and most of the side missions so I'll go back eventually to fully finish it.
Dying light has a cult following.  I am a member of this cult .
The game is very sub par compared to the first one. No guns, lots of bugs, cant retrieve arrows, cant repair weapons, the grappling hook is for swinging not climbing, you only have a limited time you can be out at night turning night things into time trials, no volitiles at night only in some buildings, the perk system is useless except for the ones that help you save stamina and when in the big city it can be super hard to get to the rooftops where the missions are.
There are some questionable things ive notices in the story line. The most annoying issue is the survivor sense not always working sometimes im sitting there spamming the button trying to get it to work and would take maybe around 30 clicks before it works again which is annoying. This game isnt as scary as the first dying light and i mean at night. This game I easily run at night and in the first one i wouldnt even dare stepping into the darkness due to the volatiles lol
I love the game and think its superior the the first one in every way, (I havent finished it tho) but those audio bug where you have no dialogue nor subtitles are truly ruining the game for me
this game is so buggy and it’s so dumb how there’s no survivor skill tree i really enjoyed that in the first game 😒
This game is similar to Days Gone and the first DL in that at max level, with all possible equipment and maxed out weapons, I’m still scared shitless when outside a safe zone. It’s extremely immersive which is hard to do in a zombie open world
save ur money not worth it its boring and the story is trash
In 2020 I was wondering if I should buy Dying Light 1 or if I should wait till Dying Light 2 releases. I ended up waiting for 2 years to play this game
I want to like this game so much but the Xbox One version is a buggy mess. Not worth $60.
They needed to make this kind a like GTA where you could have 30 players in the lobby
I got a question for current players of dying light 2. Would it be best for me to go all for 1 faction on the first play through and the other for second play through or should I keep it kinda even between the 2?
Switch?
looks good but i hate the zombie health bars and more hud it  totally ruins the emersion
I’m really watching this after iv bought the game
Was absolutely addicted to the gameplay, completed the full playthrough, loved it. BUT, I had nothing but problems with the video interaction with the story line. Either the character were looking in the opposite direction, not appearing at all, and me looking and some dodgy background. This happened so frequently, I ended up skipping all the video cutscenes - which kind of ruined the story for me - enough that I ended up picking a really crappy ending because I didn't know what was being said and couldn't even see the characters (they all were whispering in the background somewhere..) Granted, this is probably a big ticket item - and the only frustrating thing I found about the game. Cheers
The story here is soooo forgettable. I honestly couldn't remember what I was doing 2 hours in.
I have a confession I watch these after I buy
Did anyone else have serious audio bugs
man you got both the voice and the speech pattern of Dan Floyd from extra credits back in the days. thought you were him until the end of the video.
Got this game on Xbox and had to return it for a refund because it developed a sound problem. Took it back for exchange after about 12 hours. Had to start over again then after 8 hours the sound failed and would only produce a loud buzz. Took it back to GameStop for a refund.
Had a big sound problem on Xbox x to the point that I exchanged the game for a new copy and again after about 10 hours the game had the sound problem again so I took it back to GameStop and got a refund. Big disapointment.
Does this game have that multiplayer where you play as that super powerful infected zombie? I forget what it’s name was
For me the most annoying thing right now, when playing the game, is these HUGE audio glitches/bugs that happen CONSTANTLY. And most of the time it’s dialogue that is important to the story and understanding of certain stuff that breaks, which really blows. Especially because the only way to fix it, is close down the game and then reboot it. This glitch can happen around 6 times every day, so you can imagine how painfully sickening that can become
This channel and ACG putting out a review on a game I'm on the fence about is always my go-to
Just finished the story. The game is graty gameplay wise, but the story is very uneven. Sometimes it just makes no sense and the ending was very underwhelming. Its not like the first game's story was a masterpiece, but it at least made sense. Still, a good game, 6.5/10
I usually take your reviews seriously but you missed the mark on this one. This was a bad game. Things that are intrinsically important to movement based games aren't available until about 10 hours in, the game is a buggy nightmare on PC (mine is a higher end AMD build), and not even Rosario Dawson could save whatever the hell the story was about. The game is bad and I'll be giving a solid cross examination to your reviews in the future. Someone got $60 out of me this time. Not again.
i feel like its perfect and better than dl1 and i had no glitches
Idk man I don't want a game that doesn't give me fun gameplay and a good story. I don't need 500 more hours of time to waste in my life
Dying Light 1 was infinately better.  DL2's story & characters were meh, and the excessive focus on parkour made DL2 entirely unenjoyable for me.   Deleting DL2 after one play through, and re-installing DL1 for a fourth run through to get the bad taste of DL2 out of my mouth.
Only game breaking thing I’ve experienced is the last mission idk what happened but I died and it kept giving me the out of mission area and then I fixed that and now no checkpoints work and when I go back into the mission area it says leaving mission area
Honestly the parkour in the game is very trashy and poorly done lots of bugs aswell in the parkour for instance your guys can grab the bottom and top ledge of a windo and make a jump across the street but cannot jump upwards to get from the bottom ledge to the top ledge no logic. Then you got the running mechanic which is not something that you start off with and when you do get it it it is also very poorly done its uses way to much stamina and the initial cost to start running isnt even worth using it considering everything takes stamina and most times its vost you stamina but activates literally 3-5 seconds after you press the button which can cost your life in a game with running zombies especially ones that run faster than you somehow the only way to outrun a zombie is to parkour and even then climbing a building is so draining youll have to wait for stamina to regenerate before continueing onward which made climbing useless because now the zombies are hitting you and you only have a quarter of stamina
Low key disappointed because I was expecting to be an upgrade on everything that was in DL1 … complete opposite!!!!! If you didn’t buy yet WAIT !!!! it’s buggy and what ever you are expecting ITS NOT IT .
The one thing I get annoyed in this game is the dialogue. They are too long and so much I have to listen to
These "survivors" are lazy bums. They should manage to change a fuse in a windmill on their own. I mean come on
The game is fun and remains fun until you get the hand-glider. After that, the parkour seems a little redundant. You get to Downtown, climb one skyscraper or tall building, and then you can fly/glide to the other ones, avoiding almost ALL zombies 95% of the time. The challenges seem more like a tedious chore rather than a fun test of skill. Some, even, are borderline ridiculous. There came a point in the first game where you go "This game is so much fun and I hope it doesn't change for the worst."  I WAS at that point in the 2nd game, (this one), up until I got the hand glider. Afterwards, it was just "Oh this is cool so far..." up until you find the routine of "Why run and climb when I can fly?"
Now that the game released my friend found the original for a lot less and we both bought it, I loved the 1 and am really excited about buying and playing the 2!
So many damn bugs I have to restart the whole game almost every time I start
The game is buggy  ut its still good. 🔥
Game is total trash
I knew this game was gonna be trash. Why cant anyone get this right? Terrible combat and fetch quests with dumb A.I.
I always make sure to watch before you buy after I buy the game
Dying light 2 is miles better than 1. Im having so much fun with 2 it just looks, feels and is better in everyway from story to game play its far more interesting and j can’t wait for all the DLCs and expansions in the future
Jake The Head Cutter Baldino!
This game looks like a huge disappointment. The best thing about the first game was the fear of night. Running back to camp while the sun was setting made me feel so anxious. The night was terrifying and the player was so vulnerable. From what I’ve seen this game offers none of that thrill. Correct if I’m wrong
Love the first game. Part 2 for me so far is underwhelming had a few glitches. One was where zombies disappeared and then reappear when I used my sense. Also, character models I feel are not even as good graphically as part one.
In the waltz second fight if you pause exit then come back waltz will be up on the place you two were talking
@gameranx love your videos there amazing but Maybe you’ll reply I CANNOT AT ALL co op none of the methods work yet my cousin who lives same house same wifi he can play online will DL2 be getting a patch to fix this I have messaged Techland wirh little response
I only cared for the story after 10 hours, I’m glad I did, good game
so is dying light just mirrors edge but with zombies and gadgets and stuff?! im honestly curious not trying to dis on the game if you take it that way.
Hfju
Where the fuck are the fucking guns!
Meh it’s alright it’s pretty Grindy for my liking they could have done better on the zombies and it gets boring really quick it’s very repetitive if you want more stamina and health
gameranx about assigning points of interest: "It's whatever, no one cares". random PK on the street after giving stuff to survivors: "Citizen! This base is for official operation! You have no bussiness here! Leave!" also the random survivor in the bazaar after giving stuff to the PKs: "Great! It's that Blue Bastard again."
this is UPS/MAILMAN GAME. RUN AND DELIVER
I honestly liked this more then the 1st game I personally like the climbing more and I found the story way more enjoyable
Is this game multiplayer? Can I complete campaigns together with friends
Looks cheap. Part 1 looks better. Pass.
spoiler free... and the video starts by showing the parachute I didn't know was in the game...
Thanks for The good work ..  Love before u buy
Extremely buggy on ps4, sound glitches, quest glitches, my character often falls through the map after fast travel as well, in an endless loop. Don't get me wrong i love the game, im like 50 hours into it already but dam I expected better technical quality.
I love the game but i keep getting audio  glitches and its annoying i have to close the game to get it to stop , playing on x series too fyi
Buggies?
Can anyone on pc tell me if you have to run everywhere or if theres a key to walk or slow down without crouching
My biggest regret of this game is rushing through the story and not taking time to do side quests and explore villedor. When you finish the game it just doesn’t feel the same. That’s why I recommend doing a second play through
a game made like this. nothing beats it because theres nothing like this out there. thats why i give it a 10/10.  we dont have a game like this to compare. maybe dying light 1. but this is so much better imo. great quests, great story, great fighting. i had few bugs but i dont care, i enjoyed it.
In Jake We Trust.   Thank you for the great and honest review.
lol i remember when i was  a kid this game used to scare the sh*t out of me , now i'm 19 and it still does lmao can't wait to play it again
Idk if I just got unlucky but I experienced so many bugs during the "intro" before the open world. Some of them completely immersion breaking. The worst bug is the dialogue skipping. I don't even want to play until that's fixed.
The demo looks better in my opinon i want that version of the game.
The combat feels too distant to me, and i hate the health bars.
DL2 makes me motion sick - Im going back to part 1 with DLC.
This game is kinda broken I can’t get passed like the 3rd mission. The people in the bazaar church won’t spawn in
What mirrors edge should of been
And then there's the scaveengers
Correct me if I’m wrong but I believe Aidan and Mia were the two first people you meet in dying light one I think that’s pretty cool
Heh, I'll just wait for Eldin Ring to drop...
It’s a bullshit game! Save your money.
Not my kind of game but I'm sure lots of people would love it. I'm just not a fan of first person shooters or games like this in general (the sort of bland triple a open world games).
before you buy  I watch this always after i buy This what I called reverse psychology
DL 1 : 9/10  DL2 7.5/10 - but the developers continued to improve Dying Light so we'll see how DL2 continues to evolve.
been watching you for 10 years now and I can say you are the greatest walkthrough YouTuber of all time great commentary and great gameplay I’m excited to start this new series
Wish they would add the FOV slider. I got used to the fov after 2 hours of gameplay but I still think it would be better to have a higher fov, which proven to be troublesome when fighting multiple bandits or zombies.
Just got it today looking forward to trying it out l8ter
He gets knocked out, socked out, and just flat-out passes out entirely too much. It's wreaks of lazy writing. I have other gripes but I wont spoil it for you. 6.5/10
The combat is sooo boring
i wish it was recorded on PC.. those consoley sharp turns in consistent speed give it robotic feel.. breaking the immersion..
Disappointed. Lots of bugs. Falling through wooden boards and getting trapped under scaffolding. 5 years to make and in my opinion, nowhere near as good as the first. Sometimes   zombies don't even attack when I stand next to them. Loading appears when I sprint between zones, only for a few seconds though.  Even on hard, it's not hard. It seems more like a DLC than a stand alone game. I dont feel that there is any progression really. All missions are identical to the first game and night chases aren't scary. After one hour I got a bow and was seriously OP. Two or three electronic arrows to take down a demolisher. Come on. A bland landscape which just all looks cut and paste. Lots of pointless running from a to b. I'm gonna get all the usual responses like amazing parkour, intense combat, great story, well in my opinion it's not that great. The glider controls are rubbish. I still play DL1 and will continue, but next week I'm gonna trade this in for elden ring. I am only twenty five hours in though, so maybe something will change my opinion.  Also the stamina bar thing is a bit useless. The first hour was good and the train tunnel sort of difficult, but it just gets easier and i have died more from falling when trying to make a jump than enemies killing me. By all means buy the game and try it. I may not like the replies, but I will respect them. Oh yeah and sometimes when I access the menu to change gear, the game shuts down and I have to restart. 70 euro for this. Come on. Why do I need to update it or patch it every day. They had 5 years to sort it.
Thank you for this video, I always watch these too ! You guys are the best!
Games horrid. Story is shite. Major bugs from ear piercing sound to quest progression halts. Finish a mission game bugs you have to hard reset then mission uncompleted and you've lost all you mats used to complete it the first time. Devs should all be fired , refunds given to all then gamepass it. This sequel should have never existed.
there are no guns in this game to combat suicides from the majority of the disappointed community. Touche Techland
I bought it 2 days ago and it is full off bugs and i would recomand to just wait until some patch has been released , dl2 is a good game with a good story but at least to me compaired to dl1 it is not upp to my expactations
Is this crossplay
20m draw distance is ground breaking!!!
is there full coop like dying light 1?
hmmm maybe i'll wait for a sale
At this point when a game comes out I expect it to be buggy
what would i do without this channel.
Don't buy it on ps4
I’m literally watching this right after I bought it 😂
One thing this game has too is if they follow through 5 years of events and future content plus story dlcs which hopefully they'll take these reviews about the story into consideration when making those.
I've ran into a few issues myself. Particularly Audio and visual. The zombies often stagger when you first come up to them. And the audio will often lag or skip over dialog altogether which makes the story and side missions a little irritating.
Eh, was excited to know how this would be, but if it's another laundry list game I'll pass. Was already feeling a bit apprehensive when I heard of the enormous length for a collectionist run
I’ve missed large parts of the story due to audio bugs and the characters just stop speaking. Even when an important ass cut scene is happening the dialogue just won’t play and I’ll be stuck looking at the other person until it’s my turn to pick a dialogue option or the cut scene is over. It does the same with radio calls as well. I’ve been playing for hours now and I haven’t played a single time without an audio bug or a crash. The gameplay is also buggy as hell. When the game works it’s great but that’s rarely. Kinda tired of hearing the glider open as well 5+ minutes after I’ve used it. Don’t buy this game until they update it and fix these issues. It’s not worth the $60 in it’s current state. It’s almost unplayable at times. 4/10 till these things get fixed
Just let people see for themselves lol
This game is top tier and i just got to main city
A small thing I noticed that made me a bit sad was enemy's don't get stuck on spicked environment anymore like in the first game. Personal bummer
im usually in it for the story but damn the world looks good ill play it
I've never really been a Zombie game type of person. But I thought I'd give this one a go. I'm playing on the Xbox Series X and found a few little issues but it was mainly stable to play. I'm now completely hooked. I love this game, I do like the story elements as not being a PS5 peep, I've missed out on these types of story-driven games and this is really my first look at this. I've been enjoying it so much I caught the first game on a 70% sale and have started to play through that as well. The first game is way harder and I seem to keep dying every few minutes by getting swamped by zombies, but I'm persevering.
I restarted my whole game so yes it’s cyber punk bad
Naaa first one was trash 🗑
Best reviews
I bought it and haven’t had time to play yet, but this gives me hope it’ll not become home of my many games that collect dust and never get playtime
Not gonna lie finished the main story today and I’m going to put in hrs after this game’s amazing
Am I the only one looking up a review after I bought the game? 🤔 either way I just like watching videos of games I'm playing atm.
Before you buy that show where you bought the game and for some reason you're now watching the review of the game
Looks like your floating everytime you jump lol
This game is so full of bugs it’s astonishing
Straight away I thought of a mashup of Mirrors Edge, Resident Evil, RAGE and Crysis 2. The latter two due to how incredibly photo real it looks. But as always, there's more to a game than how it looks. That's something many developers STILL haven't learned yet, because the gameplay looks boring, bland and tedious as hell. Constant 'fetch quests', and repetitive combat. I'll pass.  Like they say though, each to their own. This would have been a lot better if it had guns and explosives, and more rpg like depths, similar to the Elder Scrolls or Mass Effect games. Cheers for the detailed video as always, because now I can avoid this 👍😅😜
This game is fun too play and I like it 👌
Not gonna lie I didn't watch this till after I beat the game lol
I’ve been playing this with my girlfriend on series x and not played the first game. All I can say is this is a must buy and is such a fantastic coop experience too. There are major issues with constant disconnects that make the experience kinda suck and I hope the devs fix this properly soon. Overall great game with amazing story and tension.
Just hate how there’s no cross play
In short: worth buying
The crossbow breaks the entire game
I love how I can always count on you guys for mostly unbiased reviews, and always on time fresh new content and reviews.
sus
Movement looks too clunky and floaty honestly. I'll wait til it's at least half off the first was good they might fix the problems I have with it hopefully
Can I actually change the button layout this time around?
sounds like a badass zombie game, definitely buying
Just bought ultimate edition it’s downloading !
finally ive been waiting
Playing the 1st Dying Light since I just heard of it. I kept seeing Dying Light 2 advertised. Having fun with the 1st. Maybe by then they will fix whatever bugs they have left in the 2nd.
This game is too expensive for the quality. I like the game but too expensive
fuck. i watch most gameplay trailers for dl 2 and have 1000+ hours in first game... and i fucking ask my self "who, the fuck, interest 'bout "choises and consequences" in THAT game!?" I'TS FUCKING BLOOD BATH. Who cares whiche one get killede?
I was excited for this game because of the promise of "choices shape your world and matter", but it turns out that they matter just as much as they do in other games. I was expecting a new a realistic system where you could get to know characters and recreate the world apocalyptic in the ways you wanted, not just a rehash of every other action game with "choices between two sides". I expected something new, and got a knockoff. The only redeeming thing about this game is the combat and parkour, which is the exact same as the previous game with vaults and kicks. Games are making no significant progress in becoming more meaningful to the player.
nice, now i can clip you saying "i love cutting off peoples heads" and save it as a ring tone 😂
This game gave me an idea that there could be a great first person batman game.
The game is still broken. Multiplayer is bugged, sound stops working forcing you to restart and since the game loads from checkpoints only and you can’t manually save you’d be forced to replay parts of quests, spots where you can get stuck and can not leave, the bows absolutely suck, you can not repair weapons, half of the skills you unlock are ridiculously minor and not even important at all, the night chase level concept is a bad choice, making the chases way too easy and not nearly as exciting or scary as the first overall, the special zombies are way too easy to fight, climbing is either broken or poorly designed etc. wow. This game is a let down. It’s still fun but not nearly as good as the first. I wanted to really love this game but it’s so incomplete it’s ridiculous especially when considering it was delayed. Even games that are notorious for being broken when released are not this bad, and dying light 1 is one of my favorite games ever
when i started my campaign i spawned in the tunnel from the first cutscene and it's full of zombies T posing.... all in all a pretty funny bug to start the game to. but my most frustrating bug so far is the unopen able cutscene door that fucked me off cause it was a side quest and it never got done. but the game itself is awesome i haven't finished yet most of the story cutscenes don't really get me but there was one with the giant windmill mission with the oldman it made me cry sadge very sadge....
this looks awesome
I really don’t think it’s that great of a game. There are zombies you can slash and that’s about it. The story is so painfully boring,I simply don’t care about single player campaign. Oh go there,slash some zombies and fetch me this oh you did all that but it’s not there,well you’re gonna have to go to another place ,slash some zombies and take care of that. Oh you’re finished? Then go to the bazaar and do some fetch quests for a change like you are the city janitor helping everybody. Instead of maybe delivering stuff between locations since that’s what you’re supposed to be doing. The way you like it,the pace you want it. No because a zombie bit you in the beginning so your course is set. Let’s take a linear based campaign mode and dress it up with open world elements instead. Every single quest is a fetch quest and every single objective is 200 meters away. Go save this,go get that,cutscene,oh no there’s a problem,go there instead stretching the already generic mission another 10 minutes.The game forces you into the night but why? Inhibitor containers can’t be open during the day. Why? You are infected so you can only spend 5 minutes without turning into a zombie and die. Why?I enjoyed the first game much more. Listen..if you make a game like this where you are forcing people into situations and looting,you gotta make the story good or there’s no lore.This half assed rpg wannabe element only works if the story is good. It’s not good man. The only reason why it’s about a 5 out of 10 is the co-op(which is glitchy af). There’s no immersion.  Generic at best. And please stop saying this is “ one of those action rpg games” wait for a sale like it’s your last 20 bucks because there’s nothing there that’s worth full price. These games are last gen btw. Do you want resolution or quality or ray tracing or what? No i want a goddamn current gen game ,not a patched up disaster made in 2016
Is internet required or can I play completely with no internet like I did the last one on ps4?   Edit: u can play with no wifi it doesn't have to be updated if u don't have access to internet
I bought Dying Light 2 and probably already spent 40+ hours playing.. Fun game, I enjoyed the first one as well.
Subpar graphics for 2022
God bless heal and save you
I need crossgen in this game, it makes no sense, techland is making me choose between playing with friends or playing a better version of the game smh.
Omg... they cant have an original idea... it is pathetic!
My game completely died at the A way out quest, when finding Hubert. Can not progress the main quest without restarting the ENTIRE game ( 26 hours in ) on PS5..  I regret pre-ordering the deluxe edition...
slow dow, worst review ever n you have 6 million subscribers.
Really disappointed that they couldn't support cross gen co-op, all my friends still have the Xbox one so I'm just stuck listening to them all play together in party chat.
"no spoilers" proceeds to explain half of the game about the family member xD
This is not the ideal content
Make night scary again!
Thank you. I was debating and seriously on the fence about buying this. Was worried the game had lost the zombies to play civilization 12
Great atmosphere, but there are several facets of this game that make it incredibly easier. And I just over all don't find it hard or scary. I'm Gimping myself as much as I possibly can (crappy weapons, no upgrades, not taking the reduced fall damage or the extended jump) but I find everything is pretty breezy. I'm not looking forward to using the paragliding or grappling hook and I hope I'm not forced to (probably will be). But i am just looking for a more hard-core experience. The graphics are great, enemy AI is great. Story isn't half bad at all, and I really enjoy the surroundings and the overall setting. Give 8/10 for game play    But a 5/10 for challenging aspects aswell as there not being a big scare factor that the first one had.
looks like your walking on the moon looks so silly
It’s cool. Worth the money but personally I think the 1st had way better secondary quest and encounters.
I had "Dying Light 2" for about a week, then deleted it. It was released broken... played the crap out of the first one. Game braking glitches that force you to restart the whole game.... Voice audio and color visuals work half the time. Choices in game dont mean anything in the long run... Parkour is unreliable. Alot of the missions are failed due to the delay on button input, or environment all together. It can be fun to go on your own adventure with friends. That's the only pro so far....🤷 If you do buy it, you've been warned..... Hopefully it all gets fixed soon. Just an fyi..
Idk but to me i feel like the slashing combat felt smoother and more satisfying in the first dying light
This game looked soo much better in the E3 trailer couple years ago...  Looked a lot darker and apocalyptic .. and the buildings were a lot more vast in hight and scale . . Now it's all bright and colourful and the buildings are all of similar hight...  And soo much in the advert you can't actually do in the game... Major false advertising on the Devs behalf..
It's complete shit!!!
Thanks for the honest review as always. The game is far from perfect but seeing the support that was given to the first DL game and their effort to come up with events for the community to enjoy gives me faith that they will generally fine tune this game to it's potential.   I found it fun though, despite the small shortcomings. Gonna play it slowly
What i honestly do not like about all the dying light 2 reviews is every single positive they give was in the first game and was arguably better. I cant find anyone actually talking about the second game and whats different about it compared to the first. From what i can see its worse in nearly every way which is a major disappointment.
there's side quests that correlate to the main quests and impact the story, i really liked this aspect, what i didn't like was the fact that i was level 5-6 in a level 2-3 area destroying everything on hard mode...
I honestly think there will be a dlc like the following but for Aiden. I hope they show what happened after Villedor and add as many fun things as in the following
Anyone else really impressed by the graphics? I've heard so many people moaning about them. I think it looks beautiful in performance mode on series x, and the music/atmosphere is perfect. Great review as always btw.
idk if its jsut me, but the game on the PS4 is supr-buggy and heavily flawed.
Haven't played 1 or 2 but I wanna get one! Which should I get. Price of 1 is cheap but the 2 one seems amazing!
The way i see it, this game would be worth checking out after a few DLCs, mods and with at least 30% discount. I also need time to save up and upgrade my potato PC as well.
I keep having people dialog be completely skipped ive got to the center and I bearly know what happend between the start and then. I love one and kinda am disappointed. The best part was picking up a wrench and smacking a mod on it and making it a sledgehammer....... like wtf also ive gotten stuck in a night runner area with a combination safe .you have to slide a book case over to get in. If I wouldnt have had a multiple save slots I would have had to start over or wait for a fix. The safe zone was unlocked before I died and was spawned there and I couldn't even sleep.
It's a shame there weren't guns, really enjoyed that about the first. The first one was much better in my opinion
it looks bad. the traversal just looks goofy. Not even slightly realistic
How’s the multiplayer work? Is it strictly story mode or available in the open world? I get bored playing video games by myself so I’m always playing with friends.
It's basically just a slightly better version of the original game...and I am totally fine with that, because the first game (minus the shitty story) was already awesome! If you can make your game slightly better better than an (almost) masterpiece, you gotta be doing something right! ;D
I'm still in the first game- And I am incredibly bored. I 100%ed the story so long ago, and the side quests aren't rewarding. On top of my parkour being so broken. (I can't grab clearly grabbable ledges.....)  I'm excited for the second.
The original is better, this one is boring as all get out.
I dont know if anything ne can answer this but i only got 2 questions, is there a faction selection and are there at least zombies roaming during the day
Graphics are super disappointing.  Looks pretty dated right out of the gate.
For me it's a great game, I loved and finished the first one 3 times (and the following dlc) and the two is, at least, as good as the first one,right now I have around 40 hours of gameplay and I'm enjoying it so much...and I'm playing on the old Xbox one S, techland has done a great job on the last generation of consoles, the graphics are very good(900p/30fps) and performance is ok,the story is not great but it's not has bad as some people are saying, it does the job, until now the only bug that I encountered is for the sound, sometimes it's a little bit messed up but for the rest it's all good...if I had to give a note I probably would give it 18/20
need a new game plus ASAP !!
What was this captured on? What systems did you test? It runs so poorly on the xbsx I don't understand how this isn't worse than cyberpunk this is this most garbage running game iv played on the xbsx. I'm getting a refund.
I'm genuinely disappointed with it! The first one was much better and feels like they turned down the gore for this one 😑
Is it better to play first dying light before 2. Or is it separate story
Anyone watching this after they bought it?
Anyone know how this runs on XBOneX?
To simplify the game  Anyone who seen the 2018 E3 trailer, don’t expect to be playing that
my biggest gripe is the assignment of facilities to factions. I don't like having to sacrifice half of that content when siding with whichever faction. I sided with the survivors and went the parkour route, but that means I am missing out on classic mechanics from DL 1 like the car traps and electrical traps :(
The story has been, whatever. Some of the Main Quests were actually pretty cool though, I thought. But the narrative (!?!?) all over the place.  But the gameplay loop is so much fun, and that's what really matters in the end!
Can you play the campaign on co op?
I’ve just started playing it and I have to say some of the controls are weird in my opinion.
I’ve got an extremely high end pc, I play it on “high quality ray tracing” I’ll get 70-85 fps and very rarely drop below 70
The game is shit and the story and endings are insulting. Stop buying bad games or else they'll keep coming.
If you’re debating on getting this game, I really recommend it. Me and some friends are having a blast with it
I feel like all of a sudden everyone was named "Aiden" or some kind of -den name.
no guns?! Hard Pass
Don't buy this game until they fix the bugs. They're pretty bad
We all appreciate your opinions and reviews on new games i will always watch these before i drop 60$ on a game
I may be old, but I remember having archery and air pellet/.22 rifles courses in elementary and junior high.  Shotguns in trucks at school.  All for pew safety courses. Bring back archery,  kids aren't there to be indoctrinated they need excitement outside books.
Sorry, but the city of Harran is much better, the inside of houses you have the feeling that this a real authentic city.
I absolutely love the original but I think I'm going to wait till the bugs get sorted, I've weird thing that both game 1 and 2 are having massive glitches at the moment, I recently wanted to jump into the following and I'm completely unable to play it  not sure what's going on with techland at the moment
My guy to go to before buying a game, great work my guy, ur the best love from the carribean 🤙🤜🤛
Techland marketing team need to put down the crack pipe and let their colleagues make a game first  Pros:  ⁃ Parkour is very satisfying and more versatile than first game ⁃ Added some cool parkour combat moves ⁃ Some good world design here ⁃ Performance mode on PS5 is mostly stable 60 fps ⁃ Gameplay flows a bit better between day and night compared to first game (imo)  Cons:  ⁃ Some parkour animations have been redone but are worse - ‘Slide’, Grapple’, 'Dodge' etc ⁃ Combat is repetitive and unsatisfying - Worse than first game ⁃ Ragdoll physics are worse than first game ⁃ Story and writing is painful ⁃ Character dialogue rambles on (what could be said in 15 seconds takes 3 minutes) ⁃ Coop is broken/buggy at launch ⁃ Coop boils down to running from instance to instance. Can’t even spot/mark things for each other ⁃ Exploration of map inline with Ubisoft games - Mark an icon on the map and run to it ⁃ Bugs for days… All the same bugs that were in the first game still remain here 7 years later (How has this not been picked up on? Since you supported the first game for 5 years after launch. How are these same bugs here again?) ⁃ X-ray feature in combat removed ⁃ Moon gravity with parkour and combat. Everything feels a bit too ‘weightless’ ⁃ Many standard ‘Quality of life” elements from other open-world games are not here ⁃ Menus are frustrating to navigate ⁃ Game is littered with bad game design choices ⁃ Story faction choices are underwhelming. Only a few make a difference, the rest are pointless ⁃ Removed survivor skill tree when it would have carried over to this game just fine. ⁃ Character progression and skill trees not as satisfying ⁃ 1080p 60fps on PS5. Meh... ⁃ Removed volatiles and any threat from night time (Need to make a lvl 4 chase happen to see them) ⁃ Sun-baked lighting from first game is gone. Lighting feels flat and you can no longer ‘feel’ the sun going down and night coming like the first game. ⁃ Graphics look outdated (More PS4 than PS5) ⁃ Can’t repair weapons ⁃ Only 1 weapon moveset across all weapons - left…right… (What a missed opportunity) ⁃ Due to poor writing, Aiden is the exact the same character as Kyle Crane ⁃ Story and quest design is outdated (ok in 2015, not in 2022) ⁃ Enemy variety and attacks are same and fatigues quickly ⁃ All weapons handle the same and feel generic - Zombies feel like an afterthought
Man you guys nailed it. A lot of the voice acting is insufferable! Soooo whiny (more than I’m being right now😂).  A lot of the quest/stories just sucked like they were intentionally designed that way.   One quest (True Friends) you rescue some lying brat kids for their bigot white trash mother and at the end you need to euthanize a dog because it got injured protecting those brats that caused the entire situation to begin with. Then the kids maintain their lie to the dogs owner until you intervene. Even after you suffer thru all of that crap saving the shitty kids the shitty mother still makes a snide comment about pilgrims than gives you a mediocre reward. At no point throughout the quest could you tell anyone how you actually feel.  Only a sadist would enjoy quest like that. We are supposed to be enjoying this game right? That still a thing?
Some bait news site :  *Gameranx's Jake Baldino Loves Decapitation*
Your suggestion to skip to the Central Loop breaks a fuck tonne of quests in Old Villedor and right at the point where you're missing a whole level's worth of quests meaning when you reach level 5 you're short of xp beyond farming monsters/parkour to make up for it. DO NOT FINISH "THE WATER TOWER" UNTIL YOU HAVE COMPLETED QUESTS IN OLD VILLEDOR!!!
Love the game! Some small annoying glitches but nothing major! Definitely worth buying I'll say overall it's a 8 out of 10
Ok ok but like where the hell are the zombies? It’s a whole city and there is barley any zombies at all.
Can I turn off all those mini-tutorials and health bars?
I've just gotten it and been playing the hell out of it. I've gotten stuck once and there's some grass glitches but over all it's enjoyable. The limited stanima and little health they give you at the start is annoying and that confusing and frustrating feeling of not knowing how to quickly upgrade that  can be annoying but overall I'm enjoying the game.
The hard zombies are not as common, less special zombies, cant craft/modify weapons instead you have the buy a weapon mod. No guns, no explosive throwing stars. Complete downgrade. Good game but why would they take out so much.
they didnt really double down on the consequenses of decisions in the game, its more like whatever you choose doesnt matter because the world doesnt change according to your choices
I practically just agree with you 100%, I'm enjoying the game just by the pure joy of running around and being able to chop and smash people's skulls in! Didn't come across one glitch where Kevin's head was going straight up spin look like it was doing a spin cycle right before I was supposed to give Mom and Dad some supper.
These are the only game reviews I watch or trust
They need FIX the SHIFT SPRINT is automatically ON I want to HOLD to run.... it feels so messy being always auto running
The pc version runs very well on my end i can run it at 165 fps on high graphic settings with no raytracing tho but it has runs perfect for me with a rtx 3060. Also i think gameplay carries this game super hard.
This game needs an update bad just spend hours playing and it reset me be careful FIX THE GAME
well they still haven't fixed a bug that doesn't let me play one of the major DLC packs from the first game, so i dont think ill be giving them money for this
Is it just me, or do the graphics seem way behind other titles of todays age, especially character models and the blocky and robotic enemy movements?
Game mechanic, graphic are cool, but story............ People in this game and choices are extremely stupid. Childish dialogue, tons of Aidan out of character behavior and  many more. If you playd before in witcher 3 or cyberpunk, storyline in this game will be insult for you.
Dying light 1 was better. 😐
I’ve played this game and it is completely unplayable with the amount of glitches. I’ve encountered a glitch where I literally can not progress the story until it is fixed. I would not recommend buying this game in the state it is in right now.
This is how I felt about the first one. Terrible cliche story, awesome game play. I'm 9 hours in and enjoying dl2, but same issues I had with the first one is prevalent here too
You're right. The game isn't as good as the original, but it still has it's core that made it fun. Even tho I don't regret getting it, I'm just disappointed we waited so long for this. I mean, I knew when they first pitched this open world "change" it was a mistake. They should have focused on gameplay, story and graphics IMO.. but it is what it is. I still like it.
It’s a good game, but there’s tons of game breaking bugs.
I’m just hoping they do an updated version of the “be the zombie” online mode, I spent so many hours playing that in the following
How about dropping the price already since the game crashes, glitches and we get stuck... Imagine being chased by zombies ending up stuck. What the fuck withdraw the game from the market... get it to work proper for that price or lower it you bunch of scammers.
I’m not sure Watch more than one review but didn’t make my decision yet. I’m not into zombies is the game also great if you’re not really zombi fan ?
I generally enjoyed the first game, but they give you the grappling hook WAY too late in the game - Which meant you were stuck just manually running around, even with parkour skills, for most of the game. It looks like they give a simple rope hook early on to swing/climb with, which immediately is an improvement, and they built the game more around parkour-ing. Can't wait to play it.
Lol I like how you say he’s being a badass and then he falls on his back during a jump! Lol
[Spoiler free]  Dying Light 2's gameplay is fantastic. It's fun just moving around the city, parkouring, fighting enemies and even navigating night and all the new additions. The level up system makes every skill point feel meaningful and effects the gameplay in a positive way.  I haven't finished the story yet, but I must say that I actually really enjoy that as well. I'm hooked and interested in what's happening, and am excited to continue on. Overall I would definitely recommend Dying Light 2. If you liked Dying Light 1, I would be very surprised if you don't enjoy this one, if not more. To me it's already better than the first
Thank you, these videos make it so easy to decide, I will be buying this now. Great video jake
I’m pissed we didn’t end up like Waltz at the end like what the fuck they hinted towards it so much
So I played the first one a couple years ago and I genuinely loved it. Like the story wasn’t much to write home about but the gameplay? The leveling up system? Omg it was so good. Like when I played the first Dying Light, I was such a baby when it came to horror games but the concept of Dying Light sounded so alluring, I couldn’t turn away from it. The more I played, the more I started to love it and to this day, whenever a chase sequence begins, my heart beats outta my chest but I love it. And it still oozes atmosphere.  So I got the DL2 the day it released and I gotta say, I still love the gameplay and such and even appreciate the new system of leveling up. It forces you into scary situations and I think that’s pretty great. However, the glitches are really killing it for me. There’s some scenes where a character is talking but their back is turned the entire scene, there’s others where the dialogue doesn’t even play and then there’s some scenes where the character models are supposed to do something (choke someone for example) but it doesn’t show them actually doing it so you just see a character choking and floating like Darth Vader just walked in. Enemies got caught on stuff or sometimes, it would be trying to show me an enemy in the cutscene but the enemy didn’t appear right away so I had to wait for it to show. And unfortunately, these glitches are kind of killing the experience for me. I think the game has a lot of potential, but I’m getting tired of studios releasing games that have this many wild issues.
The story was meh, but the gameplay is awesome and more than makes for it in my opinion
The problem I experienced so far is the keybindings on PC om the skill tree it may say a button to click but it's another button entirely it's frustrating to not know if your ability your unlocking is gonna work
Sad there is barely any guns in this game so disappointed
No cross gen on launch buy the ps4 version and upgrade later if playing with ps4 players
I loved this video! And I love this series in general. You really do explain and say things in a down to earth way.  I am completely on your page about this game, I loved the frist one so much, and I can say I'm not disappointed in this one. Sure, I have my own complaints, but it's worth it.
WOW. What a great review. I'm stunned how engaging you are
Games ass, don't be fooled
Are you able to disable the enemy health bars? I find them to be out of place.
I loved dying light and i love this one too... so far so good, i haven't any bug on pc. But i have a very good pc (but only a 3070) and i can't be in high level graphics mode... i don't know if denovo is the bad guy in this.... i have a very low internet connection and sometimes i have a message that the service is offline, for that's annoying because it can pop when i jump of a roof x)
Thinking about getting dying light 1 or 2 I have ps5 which one is more worth it?
it's shit, don't buy it! simple as that!
"...and at night, THAT'S when the shit goes down." - J.B.
LEYKIS 101 !!!!   4 LIFE
I regret buying this game jumping around is just not realistic enough for me. Zombies should lose the ability to climb stuff because of decay their nerves and muscles should disintegrate
One problem with games with enjoyable gameplay but bad stories is that they lose their replayability once a mechanically superior version of the same thing gets played. It's like using Windows 95; once 98 came out, there was no reason to go back to 95. Beautiful stories stand the test of time because we look past the dated gameplay or graphics to get to the story. Witcher 3 for instance is a really good example of this.  So, my question is how many people will be playing Dying Light 2 in 5 years?
It seems like traversal is one of the main attractions of the game, but one thing I tend to question is how the protagonist became so agile so as to survive falls unscathed that would easily break our ankles if not hips.
Tbh im seeing lots of the same animations and models from the first game, from what i see here, it kind of just looks like an expansion of the first game rather than a sequel, probably wont be buying this
PS4 RUINED THIS GAME JUST LIKE IT DID CYBERPUNK FUCK U PS4.
Very solid unbiased review, you gained a subscriber my man 🤞🏼
I enjoyed this video! In a good way!
I want a next gen mirrors edge
2 games I was on the verge of buying right away, despite a huuuge backlog, we’re Pokémon and this, thanks to Jake’s honest reviews I’m willing to wait and see how things go in the next few weeks and months. If they improve and add more things (especially around the choices element) then I’m all in.
im definitely going to buy it I loved the first game and can tell I'm going to love this one.!!!
I'd like them to make friends and foe more distinguished, several times I've attacked a friendly.
Yes, but does cheat engine work? Can I implement god mode?
You are one of the lucky ones...there is a bug on the 4th main mission "the only way out" when you find Hubert Kerbatsos and it keeps saying "please wait". Can't continue the game. Shameful.
Am i the only one getting "far cry" vibes from this game??
I am currently watching this after I have already bought it and just waiting for the download 😂
Before You buy . Don t wach everyone video
I love Open World NO online Story Driven games.(AKA REAL GAMING) But this game has a Weak ass Story with worthless choices. Graphics are OK nothing really Next-gen an Gameplay is just ok. SO I would say it's not worth it
I love this game, it's incredible despite the little annoying bugs but it's amazing overall. The story in my opinion was incredible, Aiden and the characters were amazing tbh.
I’m playing the first game right now and I’m enjoyit
The game is exactly the same as the first one. Yes the story changed, the gameplay didn't. There's no reason to develop a second title if its going to play exactly as the first one.
Seems like it will bring some fun, but overall I learned this tittle is not a priority!
Worth buying,thanks for the review
People: watch gameranx before buying Me: watching after buying Lmao
You are all on heroin this is literally the worst game in the history of gaming not one single thing works correctly in this game it is a broken mess a pile of trash these game developers need to be sued out of existence if it is not immediately fixed.
Havent gotten that far into it, havent reached center yet but i think i can honestly say i enjoy it more than the original this far. I like how this time around you have to prevent turning yourself unlike in dying light 1 where the turning progress was stopped outside of missions. Here you have it in freeroam, though instead of antizin you need to stay in the light this time around, or consume uv boosters and uv shrooms. So during night missions or missions in the dark  you better have enough uv shrooms or boosters because missions don't stop the turning progress for you and don't always haopen around UV light spots. Nights this far seem less terrifying, havent seen volatiles at all in freeroam yet, just howlers and quick biters that are generally a lot easier to avoid now thanks to better stealth mechanics, but its still has that eeria feel to it. Though instead of volatiles it seems this time your main worry is the darkness itself that slowly has you turn, at least early game with low immunity and no volatiles yet. But i do like how theres a lot more night activities that make you wanna or need to go out. Be it scavenging places full of zombies during the day or story missions that take place at night more often than in the 1st. Combat with human NPC's is a lot better, i do miss guns but the new melee makes up for it well enough. Don't miss out on using opportunity weapons either, especially early game. Spears laying around deal quite a lot of damage to enemies making 1v 3-5 easier. I do like the new zombie mechanics too, buildings being full of sleeping zombies to sneak around and do steath takedowns on mskes scavenging buildings more exciting that the first. But its also buggier rn. Main bug i encoubter is with sound. I see subtitles but character isn't saying anything until the next sentance or half way through the sentance the sound kicks in. And as mentioned in the video the AI seems to have a problem with climbing sometimes. Spike in the first 5 min failed to climb a ledge twice
I already bought the game but haven't played it yet. Am I legally allowed to watch this? 🤔
Jack acting like every game is the best shit sense sliced bread😂 This game is trash af. DeadIsland2 should of been made instead
Donda
One other thing I'm wandering. Has the day/night cycle time frame changed to a more even cycle. The time frame of first dying light was like 45min of day and like 6 or 7min of night along those lines.
I haven't played it yet. Just wandering if they reworked the viral zombie. They just never stopped coming in the first dying light. And it just pissed me off by the end of it all. Turned me sour on the whole game.
The best review of any of the companies. Thank you for being impartial in all your reviews. It’s a fun game, the gameplay is fun.
I finished "Dying Light" 3 times and "The following" 2 times, so I'm really hyped that "Dying Light 2" is finally here. I will unfortunately wait for it to go on sale, as all games eventually do.
More like, after you buy!
Totally got a Mirror's Edge vibe.
Dying Light 1 sucks though. The gameplay and mechanics are all sub-par. I think the problem is it tries to fit into multiple game genres and because it doesn't commit to any single one, everything is pretty sub-par.   FPS crafting parcore zombie survival game.  The crafting is meh, the FPS is forced, and there's not much S, the zombies are pathetic/slow-moving/not really a threat, and the parcore is...meh.  The only thing this game had going for it was 'open world', and that wasn't particularly compelling.  I'm surprised they've managed to justify a sequel, though I'm not suprised they're hitting for RPG elements, given how shallow an unimpressive the first one was.   I might seem a little overly-negative here, but I draw from experience having played a lot of survival zombie/apocalypse crafting games with both 1st and 3rd person views, and so comparitively, Dying Light is 'sub par'.  I think my total DL playtime is less than a day and it's been in my library for years. A game for console plebs. Not enough depth or refinement for a PC survivalist.
Not saying you're doing this but i see it everywhere, you include the statement that the game needs work as their are bugs and glitches like it's a bad thing. Personally I find that to be disheartening as that the game just came out as everygame does, right after releasing they're are going to be bugs and it's not gonna be perfect. But instead of stating it needs work. There should be more optimism going towards waiting for bug fixes and not bashing them right away.
Got to wait a little longer before buying the game, let the fixin begin
went back to play dying light the first one and the combat just feels much more natural still having fun with part 2 though
Love you guys love your free videos but this game is pretty bad , like the missions are set up bad, then like random stuff like Marco an NPC talks on a Eastern European accent but once you start to fight him he has a deep southern drawl it’s laughable bad
I have played the game all the way to the end and I can say that its good. If your a returning dying light fan buy its its a great game. If your new its good but if you doing like the parlors and combat then don't bother as that's 80% of the game. Ether way don't trust metacritic as they have been unjustly review bombing this game.
5/10 the how can you make the sequel worst then the first ?
i loved the first game. but i dont think ill be grabbing the new one. the world in the new one is faaaaar to catered to free running. nothing looks natural, it all looks solely designed for free running around on. i get it, free running is a major part of the game, but it just takes away from the immersion when there are paths all over the place.
I’ll wait 3 months until it’s 40% off on the PS Store.
Loved playing dying light 1. So much that I was hyped for dying light 2 when they announced it at the 2018 E3. I am a little over a five hours  into the gameplay and so far I am bored already with the peoples dialogue. It just didn’t hit me like the first one. However overall the gameplay so far is amazing.
What the hell happened to the graphics compared to the E3 demo? 😧
Whats the co op like?
Seems like game companies are caring less and less about the story mode each year. I wish they emphasized the story but all they care about is monetization.
Another generic white bro protagonist in a Dystopian game I guess. Add him to the pile.
I am not sure if it is just me but sometimes the audio will just stop on PS4 and subtitles wont work either. This really took away from moments where you were supposed to be sad because you couldn't even hear the person
DL1 was a great game! I am able to play it without a problem. This DL2 is horrible for the average player.  Way to difficult.  I have looked on youtube and seen the same from other players. I am stuck in a hole after Harmonn fight( The Raid story Quest) and cant get out.  Been at this way to long(>30mins) and others as well were at it for over 20 mins.  Not wasting another min on this game. I wish everyone good luck.
7:22 Lionel Messi is that you? :D
I always expect glitches and things that need patched, when a game first comes out. Thanks for the detailed oriented explanation of the game. I also have never played part 1. Should I start with part 1, before part 2?
Bought it before I watched this and it's been downloading while I'm at work so I haven't played it but i still already spent the money
The dislike count would be nice for stuff like this.
do you need to have internet and Xbox Live to play this game.
Hahah dont worry Jake your not Rogan your safe... 😉
"I love good character progression-- Dying Light does it well for a *ACTION* focused game"  The heck else kind of game does character progression? Puzzles??
Seeing as how they made Dying Light 2 with more focus on the narrative than the previous installment. I wish the combat was tweaked to be fulfilling later on in the game as you progressed and not dropkick every single enemy
I may be the only one but I hate this game I uninstalled after 5+ hours, just doesn't have to fun factor for me to keep playing or wanting to play it. I'm in Canada so it was just a 90 dollar waste for me
My biggest question is what about weapons and crafting. I loved the first one making goofy electric baseball bats, or blowing stuff up with a shotgun.
I see I played Dying Light: The Following too much because I have been playing Dying Light 2 for three days now, and I still can't stop calling the protagonist Crane. I know the protagonist's name is Aiden, but I'm still thinking I'm playing with Kyle Crane.
Obligatory watching after buying
Personally im dissapointed with the game. Needs to be way more scary as most zombies unless in a chase are slow and totally oblivious to you regardless how much noise you make. Also wish there was more survival aspects to it.
The parkour missions are also ways to get better at parkouring shit can get dicey lol
I'm gonna be buying this game 🎮and can't wait to get my hands on it 🙌🤗🤪!!! God bless you all today 🙏Pace out
I must be getting pretty old... Every time I hear "hours and hours of gameplay" the hype banishes
I miss those DL1 volatiles at night.. It make game more interesting... They should add them back.. Not so much volatiles maybe but even some randomly wander around at night... Not only for chases...
My Brief Review: I've got like 6 hours into the game and the tutorial is insanely long - if you're just trying to jump in with your friend, it's not gonna happen. But it does a great job teaching you everything so the tutorial is chill in that regard. I get so immersed by how REAL the world feels and start thinking about how I have to hoard everything, and then you get hit with zombies with health bars... which threw me off. Like the guy says in the video the gameplay is a blast regardless! Just weird going from something I feel I have to truly survive in to, oh that zombie is level 2 - oh boy!! Definitely a fun game though and even better with friends!
I’ve never played dying light so would this game be better for me as it’s fully fresh
This is a janky bar fight.
Really like part2 never played 1. The only problem I have is the save points and not being able to manually save and I have had 2 hard crashes in missions.
I'm a quite disappointed they took out the weapon crafting part. You can only add stuffs on existing weapons.
Aidens first words: "This game used to be more fun."
Every time I tried the original Dyling Light I was bored by the time I got the grappling hook. I enjoyed the parkour and combat a lot but nothing really kept me hooked and wanting to come back for more. Disappointed to hear the story in this sequel is pretty bad because I was hoping it'd give me a reason to play for longer, but I guess I'll be waiting for a sale on this one.
07:19 I'm pleased to see Lionel Messi and Rick Steiner have survived the apocalypse.
The lead character in the game sounds exactly like Kyle!
Before you buy: Too many glitches atm i would recommend waiting  a while. Its fun af but i couldnt enjoy the story bc the dialogue audio didnt load in most of the time and subtitles dont load in either
One BIG recomendation, right after you get through the Center Area (the second map), DO NOT fast travel to Old Villedor, there is a glitch that you can't go to Center Loop by foot and there is no fast travel there (yet) wait until you unlock a metro station in the second map.I've seen people get stuck like I did.  But there is a way you can get to Center if you are stuck in Old Villedor, go al the way to the car factory and go through the river, you need to swim your way back
I don’t like the addition of health bars on basic zombies, kinda ruins the immersion
Why does no one mention what really matters? No guns?? I have no desire to play a zombie game that doesn't have guns.
oouch that pop-in
Why are his arms swinging like that
My only complaint is that its not cross gen coop yet. Bummed me out pretty damn bad.
People always hating on newer games and they be the same ones coming back after years saying that it was a “classic” been playing this game for hours and the world is amazing and I also love that they make you do certain missions at night
ok... I watched the video... what is the final score? rent, buy, wait for sale? did I miss something? this is my second time watching this vid
The most Annoying thing for me is probably the lock picking. It feels clunky and dying light 1 did it better
maybe i'm biased because i loved the first game so much, but looking forward to all of the decision making and siding with factions etc, i wasn't really expecting anything groundbreaking or something we haven't already seen in the gamingsphere. i just expected (and hoped) it would be a new Dying Light game but with narrative choices. i think most of the controversy around how impactful the story choices are stems primarily around people that didn't play or adore the first game which lets be honest, the linear narrative was not its strength.  having said that, this wasn't aimed at the reviewer. i know he said he loves the gameplay loop of these games and as a reviewer, he did a great job informing the general public on what to expect.
So guessing for ps4 not worth buying then?
Is it me or does sprinting look weird in this game? Like he's running fast  but not moving fast enough
Please tell me this is just a good game, that's actually...A game and not a 100 hour lecture on Identity politics? They complete fucked up the last of us 2 with all that and Dying light 1 being one of my favourite games of all time, I really don't want part 2 to go down that path. I'm holding off of buying it until I know whether it's worth it or not.
Why did they dumb down the night time darkness?  I can't stand it when games make night time more accessible by turning up the brightness.  Make it dark and keep it tense
This is my view on it I played for awhile always loved dying light the bugs in this game are pretty heavy the biggest 1 in my opinion is the no audio in dialog this happened to me so many times this was a big issue the wrest of the game and the story is pretty fun tho
The skill tree for parkour is ridiculous. You've to unlock sliding, wallrun, wallclimb, and even sprinting ( which is just a short boost of speed so you can clear long jumps ).
I bought this game before watching and refunded it
can you turn off enemy health bars??
Been playing on ps5 and I gotta say those first few hours are a slogg, but after you get full control it's the sequel I wanted.
Do you think they will go back to the OG parkour feel and look? And know how long it will be till they make it better?
My god the bugs how many bugs can be in one game i thought i was playing a Bethesda title.
Am I the only one tha adopted the name "Nightmare" when referring to Volatiles? Idk where to came from It's just such a mouthful to say volatile all the time and it felt so right to call them Nightmares. Me and my friends have done it so long we often forget what they're actually called.
Hmm. I play on quality mode on ps5 and its super smooth. Veryyy rare fps drops for me.
Yeah, I think the story so far is pretty interesting ngl.
Why are we not talking about the most bad things of dying light 2 ? You’re suppossed to be more fast and durable than any other dude. That’s been made clear to you in the first 2 hours of playing the game. But then you need to keep an eye out on your stamina bar when you are climbing a building ? That’s weird considered your character is sprinting all the time. Also there is no sprint unlocked only available in the i think the 3rd tier of parkour skills ? That’s also lame.  The encounters you get in the game respawn way to often almost immediately that sucks. And there are just way to many human enemies you come across when exploring. Makes me feel like the zombie apocalypse isn’t nearly that bad if there are that many survivors but whatever. I could deal with that if they didn’t fucking respawn around the corner from where i’m currently at. Why did they even fuck around with the stamina bar ? You should just be able to climb buildings non stop like in the previous game.
Pretty borin Game really
Anybody else watching this after preordering and playing this game?
Got an i5-8400, 24gb Ram and an RTX 3060XC 12gb card and I run this on ultra at 60fps. I've had no bugs during the game on my own however I have had a couple weird moments when playing co op with a mate, like some doors randomly closing and locking my mate in a room, or enemies being there for my mate but not me.  I'm already 53 hours into the game and I'm loving it. Game is unbelievably beautiful and runs so well! <3
Can we have alan wake remastered before you buy?
Loved the first game but was on the fence with this one. You're my go to reviewer, and you swayed me - it's on the list! Thanks man
The ps4/ps4 pr version is let's say not that good, no hdr only Gama and lord the color and graphics can throw you off, don't get it twisted I like the game but I was expecting something more like the first one
my ex gfs name is Mia and its really ruining the experience
Im finding it a bit clunky.  Feels a lot like a game made 5 years ago. Quite a bit of weird stuff happens that im sure isnt meant to happen. Dialog is weak.  Feels awkward at times.
Game is so ass crashed all the time so many tecture glitches
I will definitely be picking this up
Does the 2nd version terrifying at night with those albert wesker zombie?.
binned
Just finished playing it for 11 hours, bought it 2 days ago. It looks a lot like FarCry New Dawn, in graphics and inventory/item visuals. It looks absolutely nothing like Dying Light, which isn't a bad thing, but I'd love to see what those upcoming DLC's will offer to the story of the game.   Wish Crane was here to see this.
So is no one gonna mention how they changed the virus? Like in the 1st game they had Antizin, the “Zombrex” of Dying Light, and yeah you turned into a zombie NO MATTER WHAT, now, people are safe until night time and if they don’t reach UV light in time they turn? If this followed the logic of the 1st game everyone would be screwed the moment it turned night, and yeah you can’t have a game if that happens but it sucks the way the infection works was retconned, and yeah I DO think the 1st games infection was more brutal then this, considering this is what like 15 years into the future from the first game, but as much as I DO complain, If I had the game I would definitely be playing it right now considering it’s Dying Light.
Love your Vids Gameranx Keep it up! 😎
Starting off it was good I’m 3 hours into the game and lost track of time this game is a what the gaming community needed after all failed release’s of all these new games I see myself playing this game more then what I’m used to like FPS games
The only bug I’ve really noticed is I get no dialogue or subtitles. I play on ps4
If they make a dying light 3 in the future and I hope they will. They have so much potential here. More parkour moves, more zombie types, new game modes, bring back old game modes, better story, better choices that affect the actual world, make factions more like Skyrim, make side quests MATTER. We need a humongous map that has all types of zones, some with skyscrapers and tall buildings, some like old villedor. New types of zones. We need breath of the wild sprinkled in there. Add people that give hints to secret stashes and find all kinds of villages with different people and rules. And just to make sure you know this, WE NEED A HUGE MAP. A map where we can’t even see atleast 60% of it while on top of the tallest skyscraper. Hopefully dying light 2 gives you a big enough budget for the map part especially, we can’t have look alike rooms, doors, buildings, loot stashes, crates and zombies. Alright here’s the most important thing that needs to be added, GAZI AND CRANE!!!
So good to finally have a good sequel to a game first came RDR2 then came dying light 2 the only 3A studios that gave a damn about there core base
I tried playing Dying Light 2 and I loved the first one but Dying light 2 is such an eyesore and the controls feel clunky and outdated I am sending it back.
I wish Chris avellone never became a sex offender lmao. The story was gonna be great if we didn’t lose him I’m sure. Choices would also be much better too. Techland really needs to get rid of they’re story guy and just get someone like Chris again. Besides the sex offender part lol. Damn I guess charges were dropped Lmao.
I finished the game within 2 days and I already maxed out the skill tree and now ow ant the 3rd one to come out 😂
Spot in review.
WHAT A LOAD OF SHIT
*Dislike button*
The game is clunky, The climbing is *worse* then assassin creed, It's fighting is *more boring* then street fighter, The story is full of holes, The day night cycle is not a good system, and you are handicapped at the begging of the game with an "immunity level" It's big on grinding, so if you have 5 hours to do 2 side quests this is the game for you! The number one compaint is the controler layout is absolute *shit* . The skill tree *IS SHIT.* 2 out of 10 stars.
Mirrors edge zombie dlc
“Smooth as hell” and there a dudes body glitched in the wall
Although drop kicking a zombie is fun, bro some glitches are fun too. Some of the funniest shit thay happened in DL1 was glitchy stuff. As long as it doesn't totally ruin the game I don't see a issue with the things you've mentioned
After putting the initial 24hrs into the game yes there are bugs here and there but it’s still a solid game with a very unique play style. I personally enjoy the game a lot it’s a ton of fun especially playing co-op.
I'm definitely enjoying it
Blah, the game needs 1 of 2 things.   1. Friend pass Or 2. Count missions for both players in co-op (at least the ones that are in the same order)  I just played with a buddy for 5-6 hours. Progressed fairly far in the game (hard mode). Now when I go back to my single player game none of the missions counted? My map isn’t unlocked with those new areas?  Well I’ve depleted my inventory (shrooms and immunity boosters) making it near impossible to progress my game without drastically lowering the difficulty if at all. Plus I have to play the same story over again? This is my punishment for playing with a friend? No thanks I’ll come back to the game in a few months/years when the story feels fresh again.
Is the melee combat improved? In particular, against non-zombified humans? Also, what about the bows? I'm still watching the video but if anyone sees this comment and has any playing experience let me know!
Great game, solid 8.4
Bro I liked mirrors edge better than DL1. Although clubbing super high towers in DL was soooo same cool and anxiety inducing. Never felt that with mirrors edge.
Can you skip the Tutorial?
me who bought the game in a preorder: thanks bro needed this
Anyone considering getting this game should immediately purchase Dying Light 1 + The Following DLC (it’s super cheap). Play that and if you enjoy it then you will also enjoy DL2.
upvote this comment everyone needs to know this on xbox: you can't play the game with people on xbox series x, if you have a older model, I bought the game for coop played it for a few hours and now calling Microsoft for a refund, I recommend any xbox players to not put up with the sneaky bs. plus on pc they added a anti-ban system after the game was released not before, seems like tech land has fcked up so bad there probably going to go bankrupt.
Here's a ridiculous longshot: anyone that owns the game and is finished with it, and would be willing to Steam "friends and family" share with me, I'd love to play the game. Hit me up, we can swap info and play each other's games. I just had some pretty bad hardware failure so I'm broke for a while.
Dying Light 1 was fun but for me, the terrible voice acting, sub par script/story and fake euro accents completely ruined it for me... kinda sounds like this game is the same!
The combat doesn’t feel as smooth to me
The combat and Meles animations looks stiff compared to the first game
The gameplay looks so outdated,looks like a ps3 game ,it's not interesting what so ever to me not even fun either
Why can I pick up weapons my enemies had
OK am I the only one who has to deal with closing out the game just to get to the cut scenes because I had to do this 10 times just to play the actual game or do a side mission either I do it too quickly or my game is just literally messed up
I am only 23 hours in. My experience so far has been mixed. Overall though I think it is a great game. The parkour is great, better than the first imo. Story is good enough for me, the way they structured it definitely kept me engaged. At one point Hakon is just gone from the story when Lewan shows up. Went back to the Bazaar sometime later and everyone was gone, except for like one guy. It was weird, and also cool, like they were real people that packed up and left.   I also like the random stats on armor pieces and the special attacks that come with some weapons. You can actually do a build which is pretty cool.  My biggest complaints have to do with immersion and difficulty. Trees are growing out of the roofs, but it doesn't really look like they put enough soil on the roof to support these giant trees. Looks like they are just growing out of the roof. Maybe not big for some, but I definitely noticed it.   I was under the impression that at night, the streets would be packed with zombies, but that really is not the case. Also, night is not dark enough. And yes I turned shadow detail down on my TV. But I shouldn't have to, it makes some of the cut scenes to dark.   Sure there are Howlers and what not, but you can literally just out run everything. No Volatiles walking around at night, barely any Virals. Night is honestly a joke compared to DL.   And now the map. It is a beautiful map in all honesty, but there is no diversity it seems like. Just buildings with trees on the rooftops. Harrans atmosphere was amazing, so was The Following. The audio they used in the load screens really set the tone for me. Harran definitely made me feel isolated in another country, The Following brought more of a creepy/mystical ambiance to it. I get nothing from this map honestly.   Also, the red outline of the zombies from survivors sense really hits me wrong. It just seems so cheap. They all look like dummies. Not to mention most of the zombies look the same again.   Also no pvp. The whole reason for me leveling up and getting better gear was so I could fair better against the Night Hunter. What am I leveling up for now? To beat the zombies I can already beat easily on hard? Overall I am having a great time. Just some things I think they could of improved.   Imo, there should have been way more zombies on the ground, and less ways to get off the ground to the roofs, to really make it scary where you absolutely fear the ground like it is lava. And only when you have leveled up could you traverse the ground at night easily.
Dude if you're bored of zombie games try seven days to die. Minecraft with zombies. You're welcome
The parkour feels floaty and the combat has no weight.
Honestly the thing I'm happy about even more than the games wonderful changes is, there's no store tab. No pay to win, its so refreshing. I feel like techland is what ubisoft once was long ago. Making amazingly fun open world games and actually listening to its customers. All the content they released for free for DL1 while developing this game made me love them more than CD PR, even before cyberpunk came out.
After about 50 hours in game I can say that yes, just about any and all story content in pretty meh, but the sandbox alone is worth your 60 bucks.
I think the look and design of the infected has improved.
It's a great game I pre-ordered and the gameplay it's self is great but I a couple amount of cutscenes that would glitch out then after I was done with the first Waltz chase sequence story mission I felt I started falling through the world then I crashed and it deleted my save file I play on PS4 btw
niggas in paris*
I remember grinding for weeks until I completed my set of 3 star, unyielding, S.S. armor...when you could only get legendaries from rewards or myrtle....
Cyberpunk new best friend
It feels like this DL2 is the old one and DL1 is newly released one as DL1 graphics , environment, hostiles and story all felt more powerful , more realistic , more scary and makes you feel like you care about the game not just spend some free time ! It feels like a downgraded cartoony version of DL1 !
Can’t run 4k 60fps on Series X or PS5…  Ngl im pretty upset. I bought the $100 edition for the series X and you can’t change advanced video settings so motion blur is permanent. Basically saying people who get motion sickness… well too bad. I don’t but still I hate motion blur. Also very upsetting it can’t run at 60fps on 4k even tho next gen is completely capable of that. Yeah the parkour is upsetting and I was hoping for more skills and maneuvers (I train in parkour/freerunning irl) yet it’s just lackluster. I’m not a completely hater it’s just when you have high hopes for a game in 2022 on next gen consoles that doesn’t deliver more.. it’s just depressing and makes me regretful spending $100. I was so hyped for this game to. Also not being able to holster my weapon in a game like this is just an actual ?… I mean I run with it jump and grab something and it’s magically magnetized back on my back… there’s just no realism to the parkour. Hopefully they change a few things in the future. I still have high hopes for this game however.  -They also made sprinting a skill instead of making it a basic ability of the game.   -Same skills from dying light 1 nothings changed except for like 2 or 3 skills in total
So story is boring, but gameplay is fun? I see, it truly is Dying Light 2.0 😅  Was reallllllly tempted to purchase this, but I think I'll wait till it's 30% off or something.
Too late, pre-ordered months ago and I feel justified in my decision.
I would not buy that game It do not have no guns in it I do not like fpm first person melee  combat games
pc version doesnt require much at all it aint true. im at max settings and i have a very old computer (8 years old havent changed a single piece and its my mining pc too so very used graphic card )  anad  ive never had nor noticed any issues at all no lag nothing its very smootho. its amazing :)
Is there any online features, coop?
I’ve had bad glitches in cutscenes after having played in one sitting for so long and one time it crashed
Why is the mc always named Aidan
i bought the game and the game crashes when i hover over the first combat skill so i can’t progress thru the prologue
As a player with none previous experience in first Dying Light I'm a few hours into DL2 and gotta say that it's a lot of fun. Not a total masterpiece and opus magnum of game industry, but simply a good game. And I like it!
tbh this game did not meat my expectations at all. the first one is 100x better then the second 🤷🏻‍♂️
Over zombies
Game is horse shit
I cant for the life of me figure out why I do not like this game. Please help me guys. It has all the working of my favorite games. It is an RPG, crafting, leveling up skills, zombies, factions, tons of side missions, long game, decent story. I am 8 hours in and just got used the jumping again but I just cant get into it. Anyone know whats up with me? Much appreciated.
How can you expect to stick with any character in a world so violent? Zombies and people constantly killing each other, I wouldn’t expect any characters to survive long
6:01 that air kick works great
Some of the worst i've seen is on xbox it breaks its sound, like it creates a loud speaker fail noise or cuts out completely... Definitely alot of optimizations that need to happen for this. Granted techland has never released a game that was perfect, they often have fit and finish issues throughout their games.
Interesting
what would you all say is better the first dying light or the 2nd one?
Kinda looks like far cry zombies
I really appreciate you guys always going out of your way to do the specific intro for each video. now that I’m older and been watching for a while it gets so nostalgic clicking on your videos and hearing the intro.
Nice sequel, although an hour in I'm stuck in the hospital lift shaft because I can't jump backward while hanging. Does anyone else have this problem?
Downgraded.....................
And I was wondering is ghost of tsunami a good game looks crazy
We won't go quietly, The Legion can count on that.
Is this game good tho I never played the first
Apparently, the double jump skill is a lie. I'm a video game vet, and this game makes me feel so dumb. I finally have come to realize it's the game, not me. You should be able to double jump with the skill acquired, no problems. I can't even do it once in the game. This is such BS. I held out waiting for them to perfect this game even longer for this crap?!
I just passed a mission called " A place to call home " and it looks like it had a lengthy dialogue but I have no clue on what was said unfortunately. It just came down to the choices and I had to pick one or the other, regardless about what was said. Worst audio issues in a game EVER!!!
im on ps4 and i just wanna know has anyone else had the problem with cut senses where no sound plays and npcs that are meant to be talking dont talk and their is no lip movement, sub tittles do show up but blink away very fast, i can see them show up but to read them they disappear to fast for that
*I paid to be a zombie and murder y'all... A lil salty but I'll be patient*
Hey Jake you wanna play a zombie game 😂😂😂😂
5:49 climbing bug
The map almost looks exactly how Old town did in the first one (second location)
Im not the craziest gal about the first game , but oh boi did i love it and enjoy my time with it ...  Dying Light was awesome ...  i will buy the second game when it comes on sale , dont have the money atm to jump right into it ...  but if the gameplay is just half as good as the first one , i will love this too ^^
I’m not here because of your opinion I’m getting the game since I loved the first one but I like you talking about it.
Climbing stamina was the worst thing to ever happen to dying light
Your review seems to be an intelligent and informational perspective from an experienced gamer. I don't frequent your content, but I feel like you have an informational perspective I can trust already. I appreciate that, thank you.   Update: I really feel like you are getting real talk in this review from someone who appreciates the franchise, but also wants to give you a real understanding of what your experience will be after purchasing the game. Once again, I really believe this is an informational perspective that I can trust. That is huge. Sincerely, thank you.   Update 2: The man shares valuable information between the state of the game and the valuable experience in game. At one point he says, "Now what I do have in the game is tons of hours in this world and I can give you a lot of complaints, but I can also give you just as many moments of pure dumb gaming joy, in a good way." From my perspective, if you love the universe and story... buy it. Glitches and shortcomings are forgivable if you know and love a particular game universe, story, or play style. In my gaming experience, the universe, its story, and even play style, will overcome certain performance issues and make your financial investment, WORTH IT. I think we are getting valuable information from a real gamer, but also a lover of the Dying Light franchise. If you are honest with yourself about your interest in this type of game, I think you will find great value in your experience overall. Once again, I must give credit to gameranx for this honest and informational review, PERIOD. Very well done, thank you.
Plays great on the Xbox
I cant even play the game cause it crashes everytime i try to run the game just to let you know. And i am not the only one having this issue
I played gorgeous an hour... just did not feel it I guess. Lol
Really love this game way more addictive than the original. And after 5 years of improvements it'll probably be in my top 5
I really hope there is zombie progression, like the giant blue-gray that's by the military vehicles, it should get mad and chase you up the wall like king kong or something.. Zombies at times should be by some windows inside, smash through and pull you into buildings in the day. The windows should be render portals so you can at least see outside or see inside but only fade into clarity when you're close up or when the sun hits them.  There should be more bandits, always on going. It seems like when you defeat them in an area, they don't return which is sad like DL1.
When will devs understand some badass AI can make the game. Why havent we seen more games with realistic reacting AI, like you absolutely demolish a guy and his buddy cowers in fear and stuff
I loved the first Dying Light and was hyped for the second. Initially I was not impressed with the artistic direction - I will be honest - the first cutscene left me feeling like more cartoony than I wanted but now I have played for a couple of hours and seen past that first impression I think it's fine and not as bad as I first thought.
my only problem with the combat is that zombies dont stick to the spikes as well as the first game they kinda just scrape themselves on the spikes and insta die
give it to us straight, don't lie for your sponsors
Whoever came up with the nighttime timer should get demoted.
Why does he run and jump so slow? Movement is like 0.5x speed
I hope there’s a duplication glitch in this one too, I want to spread loot and joy like I did years ago lmao
Why not wait a few months and work on the bugs before launch? I will never understand this.   In the end they still have to fix them in the upcoming months.
it has been bugged like crazy
First thing said is spoiler free. Then goes and spoils the premise of the game story.
This game is basically Assassins Creed with zombies
Just imagine. Soon we will be getting GTA 6 BYB!
Game beaten and nothing to do on day 2 for me : ( ... maxed out everything... mods on the weapons suck with the repair system too.
I loved the first one it was one of my favorite games early in the PS4 generation. I don’t have a PS5 yet so I’ma wait on this one but playing the first one again for the first time in like 5 years and this time I have multiple PS4’s and my kids are older so playing through my my 2 daughters. They may be a little young to be playing but games that are a little gears towards a older crowd I play with them they are almost 8 and 12. But I also play borderlands games with them and GTA online. But GTA online I know how to get empty lobbies so don’t deal with toxic players
The game is good the main thing I don’t like tho is when the audio and subtitles cut out and I don’t get to know what I’m doing
so my opinion. i really enjoy the story. every now and then referencing to kyle from the first game. along with hakon was actually a really fun character to get to know for me. gameplay is phenomenal. but i’m about halfway through the game so my opinion might change
I bought my first gaming laptop and the first thing i bought was dying light game bundle with all it's DLC for 5 dollars on steam sale.  Man even to this day the game has an addictive progression system that just gets me .
Feels like the game is less scary and it feels like there are less zombies, in DL1 I genuienly felt scared to go out at night here its sort of meh.
that search animation is rough lol
This is why i love your game reviews, you aren't afraid to tell us your genuine opinion.
Being chased at night in Dying Light 2 freaking sucks.
Thus ther
3:38 lol is he doing a voice there? The fuck.
Since im a fan of dying light 1 this sequel feels like a step backwards. Character development doesnt matter, faction choices dont matter, combat and parkour seems worse and the frame rate and resolution are dog shit. For a ps5 game its really bad.. cyberpunk bad.
Amazing review as usally
I’ve dropped 26 hours into it already and I feel like you missed out on ALOT of extra details. Your opinion seemed very one sided.
i was kinda disappointed in nighttime night in the first game was way better here its like theres always a full moon so you can see no problem its really easy to outrun zombies and really hard to even get volatiles to spawn you really need to go out of your way in order to get the chase meter to lvl 4 i has hoping for more zombie variants in the tutorial you fight a zombie that jumps on the heads of other zombies and launches at you but ive never seen him again since i started playing
That gameplay is cwisp
On pc, dl2 is badly optimised. I need to turn down everything to low and dlss performance on. I have rtx 2070 and i7-9700k and get barely playable fps
This review pretty much tipped the scale and just saved me $60. I'll probably get this a year later or something, preferably during a deep sale.  I've read multiple reviews saying that the gameplay is great but the story is underwhelming. I don't know about anyone here but if I'm paying for that much, I'm expecting to have the best of both worlds.
I don’t care,  no one is going to care what you say before a game comes out if they like the game😂😂
I really enjoyed the story from the first 1, the gameplay was some super sweet icing on the cake. It’s disappointing the story in this one isn’t up to par. I might hold off on getting this for now because I can always play the first one and get the good gameplay I enjoy.
I like both games of dying light 1 and 2  I hope tech land makes more games of dying light. I am hooked on dying light 1 and 2
I didn't buy because I'm not a moron.
Xbox
you dont need 3 days video before you buy just dont buy until they fix this key binding shit cause is a little unplayble and noone tells anything and they never gonna fix it
So sad to hear there's no 4K 60FPS mode on PS5 :(
Game sounds meh I’ll wait for elden ring
I was debating if I wanted to buy this game or not , cause i was a massive fan of the first game. And after this video i want to buy it , I'm glad to know the parkour and combat is still really addicting and fun (the story is in games like this for me not that important) As for the bugs and glitches I'm sure tech land will support this game very well , like they did with the original dying light. (plus it's only a game , a glitch/bug here and there is fine)
Cyberpunk wasn't bad... lol
Funny how i always already bought it when the folowing 4 days get this pop up 🤣 guud game enjoying it coop recommended 👌👊✌️
Took me 2 days to complete the game....... where is those 500 hours?
A zombie glithed into a airlock and my gane crashed and all my data got corrupted and my 20 hour game play got deleted...
Finally we have the added challenge at night with the hoard chasing when caught by a howler. That was lacking in the first game
Watched 2 min of this video bought the game played for 45 min. Came back and I can say that this video would make me want to buy it again.
im 13 hours in and loved every second of it so far!!
Still wondering why this game isnt getting the attention it deserves for what a disaster it is.
anybody else feel like enemy's in this game have an unrealistically high health?
Last of us still clear (yawns)
This is the only game that i bought before watching Before you Buy. I just loved so much the first game.
maybe I'll get this game somewhere down the line, but right now theres just so many huge open world games that getting this one would just stress me out. it took me a month to beat ghost of Tsushima, I'm currently playing far cry 6 and horizon dawn is coming out next week so I'm definitely buying that.
I'm thinking, I wish AAA games were done on release, but we keep preordering this shit that publishers want rushed out before completion and it makes me sad.
My DL1 experience was bad because some ass hackers came into lobby and dropped some crazy gun, me and my frens thought it was normal and we pick it up and used throughout e whole game, it was really easy and I didn't enjoy it. It was only until we finished the game we roam around trying to lvl up skills and craft then someone told us it was a hacker's gun.  My DL2 is 20 hours in, I took my time for side quest and exploration, and I just got my paraglider.. I can foresee a slow enjoyment relaxing gameplay ahead.. gosh, one of the better game nowaday without shitting community and bugs.. we need more of this games, quality and hours and hours of content, one thing I dislike though is the dialogue are too slow even for a non English native like me.. also alot of stupid animation despite the situation, not to spoil anything but is like when u getting chase, it still have animation of Aiden slowly opening the door and talking etc ..
Did mention coop... but I guess they probably couldn't due to it not being out yet. All of my experiences with it have been great. Run from and or beating the sht out of zombies with my friends is just as fun as it was in the fist game. So glade this finally came out, and it lives up to the first one.
JUST BUY TEH FUCKING GAME ITS TECHLAND THEYRE NICE
I started playing Days Gone (PC) about 2 weeks ago, and I got Dying Light 2 (Series X) on release.  Thus far, I can’t put Days Gone down, and I’m a little underwhelmed with Dying Light 2.  Even simple things like the graphics on Days Gone, seem better than Dying Light 2.  On DL2, I’ve seen a bunch of NPCs who are the exact same (in a small area), and a kid peeling the same potato about 50 times over while I was in the bazaar.
Sorry I ever paid for this buggy rubbish feel like a chore game very disappointed will never buy another dying light game LOAD OF CROCK!
If it dint have denuvo it would be great
i mean i feel like the story is just as good as the first one so far, but maybe because you had to play through it quick enough to make the deadline for this video is why it doesn't feel all that great to you.
Can we remove the health bare of the screen ?
Yeah idk I don’t think it does anything to great but it’s just kinda addicting, idk how to explain it
Me irl: parkour? Nah man my joints... Me in dying light: NIGHT PARKOUR GOES AAAAAAAAA
Yo does anyone know if your able to play with a friend on a different console like me I’m on Xbox and my friend is on siris S can you play coop or do you have to have the same type of console
Spoilers don’t read: it was sad at the ending because whatever you chose             Aiden  left the city by him self not lawan or Mia or spike etc so it was a little sad to me but hopefully dlc comes it a year or 2 so we can get that happy ending we wanted am I right?
5:49 haha I see that creative wipe
I love this game, but all of the MANY bugs it has me turned off from it. I almost want to wait another month or two for them to fix it
not playing this game until they release cross platform it’s ridiculous a lot of games like this aren’t cross platform
THANK YOU for explaining the advantage between picking Peacekeepers vs Survivors. Personally I am much more interested in better ways to travel than traps.
It seems to me there are more issues with the PS5 than the PS4. I played for the first time yesterday, 13hrs on PS4 with very few issues aside from dialogue skipping 2 or 3 times.  The story/acting isn't top tier but that's not why you get this game. Like the first DL, its all about the parkour, flying around and kicking a** in an entertaining ( sometimes goofy & hysterical) way.  That's the point and its a blast. I played DL1 for hours upon hours. Its really the only game I have played online because its true co-op vs PVP brutality.  That option is there but for me its why I avoid online & multiplayer games.  I look forward to playing this with friends in the same way. The only thing better than tearing zombies & bad guys up in escalating humorous ways is doing it with friends.
First time watching a “Before you buy” before I actually buy the game
Performance mode or fidelity is the worst thing about consoles, dammit I want both! Hopefully I can put together a outrageous pc soon. 3090 ti 😂
Got it yesterday haven’t been able to play all day because of a bug that fucked up the only mission I can do
There has been a few bugs for me, but nothing game breaking so far I still love it. I genuinely hope they put as much love into this game as they did the first one. If they do I know I’ll enjoy it for many years to come
Am I the only person who didn’t like the first one?
Go look at the E3 gameplay. When the E3 gameplay and graphics are so much better then you know the final product is ridiculous.
I think of getting this game for my b day but my wrist is fractured which sucks but I’m still gonna get it
work
This game is incredible!! Don’t sleep on this!!
Bought this game on pretty order couldn't wait for the 4th been on it since lol
My game is sooooo fucking grainy I need help it’s unplayable
Does anyone know how to fix the “please wait” bug on the mission called “The only way out”?
Watching this after I bought it
Hi friend, I hope you have a good day 👋🏻 Keep up the good work. This video is great. You will definitely succeed. I hope to see you one day except for the big channels 👌🏻👍🏻
day one patch didnt fix anything lol
I loved dying light 1s story big reason I’ll always remember it not to mention just how cold it went with the gritty dark atmosphere but I feel like the arcade and rpg look brings that down exponentially and hearing how the story in this one is a big downgrade I don’t I think I’ll be buying it (sounds a lot like the mafia 2 vs 3 situation) loved 2 but hated 3
Dying light is my favorite game for sure, but the 2nd game falls short for me, I place the 1st one much higher on the charts than the new one.  It's ok, but I'm kinda unimpressed seeing that it took so long to release it. It absolutely didn't live up to the hype for me. I prefer the 1st one
Hey Guys, I think it would be amazing if you do a glitches video on Dying Light 2
Idk if it’s because I’m playing on PS4pro , but it’s glitching so much and half the cut scenes the voices and subtitles don’t work.. ugh I waited 7 years for this game.. I hope they send some updates soon
I'm enjoying the game but I will say I'm a little bit disappointed at how long it takes to level up. I played for 5 hours yesterday and I've been playing for 4  hours today and my health is still at level one and my stamina is only at level two. I don't like having to collect these inhibitors to increase my health and stamina. I have only unlocked three parkour skills and combat skills. I feel that is much too little for 9 hours of total play. Then I'm wondering when will I get a bow and arrow or a crossbow because I went into numerous shops selling fire arrows but I haven't got a bow or a crossbow yet.
I’m be real this game is fun as fuck but needs to fix its fucking audio problems. Audio just cuts out during scenes and it’s annoying as hell.
I bought it literally moments before watching this video. Why? Idk
Playing this as soon as I get home!  Awesome game so far, my only complaint is that melee combat swings though enemies instead of bouncing off the bone/flesh.  But that's fine tbh, still brutal as fuck!  \m/
You mean dying night rymes with finite
I peeped that parkour bug at 5:50 right before tve video transition 😂
Please also do a before you buy Sifu.
Yup, I'm getting this game. 🎮
Looks like a game without a real story but you get running around which looks fun but will get boring after a few hours.
Didn’t talk about weapons and loot enough
Before you buy, the show I watch after I buy a game
I won't touch this with that DRM on it.  I think it hurts the game.  Take that off and I'll buy it no sweat.
I'm kinda sad that your choices didn't have a bigger impact on the world.... Well to be honest they never claimed your choices can change the main story  (only the environment*)
Really appreciate your honest thoughts as always. Techland are one of my fave devs, so I kind of expected to love this already. Kind of disappointed to hear all the story changes they kept spending so much time hyping up, didn't really have much impact. The grappling hook, paraglider, etc kind of stuff is always welcomed in parkour games, gld the gameplay looks solid.
I really wanted to love this game but honestly i dont think i will be able to unless i stop comparing it to the first game because its just not on its level
I just buyed Elden Ring.... So Techland will need to wait till next payday so I can buy this.  im a fan of Dying Light and I will eventualy buy DL2, but NOT TODAY.... will wait a bit till some optimatization gets done and bugfixes...
My thing with dying light one is that it's a amazing game, but it's pacing and orange filter really set it back. For instance when sliding is behind a skill tree those 10 minutes before you have those things felt really boring. The Following did this better in that it just dropped you in. Because let's be honest here while story is needed, this series has really been about the gameplay
This just doesn’t seem like it’d be the same style of game. The first one looked more photorealistic, it had a more immersive feel, with minimal hud. This new game feels like Far Cry:New Dawn had a one night stand with dying light.
RPG game with bad story, no real connection to the characters? What is going on? Making a good story is not that hard people, I bet the company have enough money to hire a pro writer to make a story and characters for them. There are soo many good ones today (not me). It looks cartoony as hell :D is your character a superhuman? Because just in these short clips from the game he made physically imposible things, that are too crazy to overlook. Or is it the whole game theme, like everything in the game is cartoony and funny looking?
Its crap, I knew it and didn't even need to play it.
Bullshit that cross gen isn’t a thing at launch, wtf are these devs doing it’s 2022
Can't even play because of all the bugs with CO op so I have to wait till they fix it
Anyone Buy the Game Already is bullshit wait for DLCS comes out and the Game is Better and Bigger
Why didn't you mention the constant time limit your under at night?!
The first dying light was good . Till I ran into a guy online . That just must have duped all the best weapons . An he gave me like 3 or 4 of each. Which kinda ruined the game for me . Maybe I should try the first dying light again before I drop 65 buck on it . But it looks pretty good on ps5
Let's just pray for a 60fps update on series s 😔
By the look of the game... I'll stick to dayz a d get this when it's cheap
My son begged me to get this game. Which I did. and all I can say is….. I SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT SIFU!!!!
I bought it after watching a few minutes of this review. Im with Jake here - a blind fan and I’ll overlook the flaws. However it NEEDS patches ASAP . *Who do you voodoo bitch?!*
Was gonna listen to this guy but I watched a older video of his where he didn’t know what he was talking about so nope
I love this game, but i have literally only two problems, one isnt so big but the other is a huge issue imo. Firstly, the healthbars above enemies kinda detracts from how engrossed you get in the game and just felt like an unnecessary addition which the first game didn’t have. The second problem for me is the night cycle. Sure they introduced new zombie types and such, but night time doesn’t have that fear factor the first game thrived on, chases are too easy to get out of, biters don’t grab you, virals don’t appear as often and because of how powerful you already are at the beginning of the game, you don’t feel at risk
in DL1 combat system was so fun I've never actualy used weapons rather jump over zombies turn back and break necks or kick/throw them into spikes, counter attack them with those cool animations like bashing back of their heads with Your elbow etc.  DL2 combat looks stale with just You swinging Your sword occasionally kicking someone off a roof and I think thats my main issue
No Cross Gen or Crossplay, on Xbox specifically there is no way for the Series X people who buy this game to download the Xbox One version so don't expect to play it with most of your friends sadly. And on top of this Co-op is pretty broken right now anyway.
7:16 Post-apocalyptic Lionel Messi
"A certain type of player".  Nice burn on Mack.
Never played the first dying light but this looks amazing
There way to many bugs for me to want to play atm. Sometimes I have to reset the app to be able to process a mission, dialogue skips, and my friend can't play with me without crashing every 20 min.Npc having the wrong voices is kind of funny tho.I know il like it once the games actually working correctly.
So I bought the full shebang and I'm not impressed with what you get and knowing what I do now unless there's something I'm missing I'd buy the base game. The weapons are only available (once u less mine are bugged) and you very quickly grow out of them anyways. But I'd say as of right now buy yhe base game load in and as soon as you complete the opener go far south get the sunken drops (one in almost ever courtyard) and you will be set with some good gear and weapons I don't belive that level affects them ether.
I'm roughly 10 hours or so in to this game (just got to the second area) and even so far it's been an absolute BLAST. I'm looking forward to hopping online and playing with some friends soon, but I can't recommend the game enough so far. If you like the first and want a more fleshed out game (gameplay wise) then definitely consider picking this up :)
“Lets take guns and walking out of the game but turn that dropkick up doe”
This guy doesnt actually review things so let me help everyone. It's a massive downgrade from 1 and more than double the price. Do not buy it.
No need to pay for it😉
Does anyone know, without spoiling, if one would need to finish DL1 before jumping into DL2? Thank you for the spoiler free info
How’s the crafting menu in this one?
I’ve played a few hours on the Series X and anything other than performance mode has been UN-PLAYABLE. Interested to see if they’ll be able to make higher res versions work.
Watched it all.  All 3 endings r basically written the same. 😕 it fuckin sux.!! 2 years of waiting 4  this,  this travesty of of a butchered storie. 😑.  And the combat 😕😩.  The cheezyest Souls-like does it better 😣😮 what in the actual fuck were those Devs thinking.  Thk god 4 YT Walkthoughs -saved my selve 80 dollars 😁😂😂
I wish I felt good about sequels and successors to games anymore, but I don't. The whole lead up to the release has put me off, especially considering it ran through a couple delays, and seeing Cyberpunk bite the dust after multiple delays makes me think it's not gonna pan out. Even after watching all the "riveting" gameplay, it doesn't excite me. It's too different. Completely new protagonist, too story-focused, less focus on the zombies, and experimental game mechanics. I'm one of those people that don't cling to a series, but a specific theme or vibe, and the first Dying Light was awesome at that. I have Dying Light as my 3rd best game of all-time with 600 singleplayer hours and I don't even know if I'll put a single hour on the 2nd one. Reviews and positive feedback doesn't sway me considering the amount of people who either haven't played the first one yet or are casual gamers, the most we've seen since the beginning of console gaming.  I'd like to add the parkour and first person feels so disjointed. It's crazy how floaty and clingy the parkour looks. If it was unrealistic before, it's so bad now.
Y’all gotta do zenith the last city ASAP if you haven’t yet
3 days ago
I don’t like watching my arms flailing in the corner while running
But can it run on my Intel Core 2 Quad, 2GB DDR2 SDRAM, Nvidia Geforce 9800 GT?
Great game with nice graphics.
Got it today, and i cant stop playing it. Awesome game, and the parkour and combat stuff is so smooth its addicting
Just want to stop by to say I watch this series more than almost any other lol. I absolutely love getting some hands on information before throwing money down on a new game. Keep it up!
Ps4 version is pretty broken 😟
You wont regret getting this game, its so much fun and full with awesome moments
I have about 70 hours in the game already and it's pretty good!
Lack of cross generation mutliplayer is a huge fail not going to be playing much at all intill that's released
Anyone else got the bug where it just automatically skips all dialogue?
hey, Gameranx... can you please let us know what you think post Day One Patch?
What I think: I simply don't have 100 euros for this. I have never paid that much for a game. (and I usually pick the version with the DLCs included already) Extra info: Even the Ultimate version only guarantees 2 DLC's. Not "all" DLCs... That's just shady :(  I'll probably wait for a year or two, and buy it in a big sale at 60% off...
There is absolutely a bit of annoying af stuff in the game but I can ignore it till it gets fixed
Got the Platinum for the the first DL, it is one of my fav of all time! Can not wait to get this!
I'm just glad dying light released better than RiderClump two Steven Eleven.   Sure their were bugs amd climbing made it somewhat what dificle.  But it's always expected, and they updated it twice to fix some within the same weak of release.
If the story sucks, the game sucks.  The last thing we need is another FarCry 5, where the only fun aspect is combat and blowing crap up. I was really looking forward to this game, because i really enjoyed DL1's story, characters, and missions, but if that aspect is not good this time, i will be passing this time around.  When will game devs get it through their heads, that what makes a game succeed, is good story, characters, and voice acting. If i don't care about the characters, i don't care what happens, and don't have any interest in playing.  I would much rather play a game with good story and janky combat, than a game with good combat and a forced crap story, because there are plenty of games designed around good combat and mechanics, that have no story, so you don't have wade through an uninteresting boring story doing things you don't care about.
I put a lot of hours into the first one. I’m pretty sure I didn’t finish the story mode. I did play the expansion a little but something else came out around the same time and stole my attention. It was either the division or gta v online.
Honestly I got a refund I get that the game just came out but this shit was worst than Cyber punk 77 it was glitchy ASF I couldn't finish the Marco mission bc I either kept falling through the map or when I was half way through the mission shit would bug out and wouldn't let me finish I restarted the whole thing all over again and still kept glitching and bugging the fuck out Maybe they will fix it later on but the fact that decided to put out a pile of shit without fixing some of the bugs this is why I prefer fromsoft if they gotta delay a game to fix the shit in it they will do it they give no fucks how mad the players are they prefer to delay it and have something good than not delay it and put out shit
SAaAFe
Anyone know how the game runs on PlayStation 4?
The game is AT BEST 6/10 and the bad part is the fact that dying light 2 becomes more and more annoying/boring the further into the story you go, so you might enjoy it the first few hours but after that it comes tumbling down. That's just a friendly warning from me, these youtubers made videos from the first part of the game which is the "okay" part.
I would like to make a warning to those who play on PS4 this game will contain a big big issue of bugs like phaseing through walls and buildings not loading in and a lot of falling through the map and at certain times that will happen when you load the game along with audio and dialogue cut outs during cut sceans when in co-op
yeah no thanks 60 bucks for 16h game no chance.
I really don’t want this game anymore haha but my friends is buying it so might as well play while it’s free
Love the videos silently been watching for years Its so funny though I always somehow get caught watching these after I buy the games lmao
how much changed for you after day1 Patch?
Man all this false advertising 😒 guys don't buy this trash it needs some serious patch work falling off maps objectives not triggering un rendered npcs with spinning snake heads 😳 multiplayer not working frame drops constantly this is a train wreck they pushed it back and still fucked up
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Trust me dude, the whole game is shit. From the story line, dialog, actual game play. Everything dude what a total fucking waste of 65 dollars. And gamestop will only give me 24 dollars back THE DAY AFTER PURCHASING!! I know you don't know me but trust me, do not buy this piece of shit
As a fan of the first I found it best to play on hard with the immersive hud to get rid of the rpg elements. I haven’t noticed a problem not seeing my hud despite having never using it.
it's 2022 and hands gripping the edge of a wall still look like that 1:08
Sounds like another biased ass review...its literally Assanins creed with zombies! Definitely a worse game than the first...ya had very lil bad to say about the game when there's alot of bad...the pointless open world games need to stop till we get another skyrim type game...you helped me decide not to play this so I thank you for that...
When is cross play going to be enabled
Is it good on ps4??
Should i get this game if i’m not good with scary stuff?
This game is beefy and performance heavy Jesus
What do you guys think about the combat? I mean for me it feels much slower and the ammount of zombies for me is disapointing tbh ... These are the only reasons that I'm hesitating to buy it ... Help me pls xdd
Graphically and animationwise, its remarkably worse than the first one. I mean, by quite far.
11:58 "...and I love cutting off people's heads..." -Jake Baldino
Just a crappy unfinished game 🤮  Nothing like the first one 😪  Do not buy it. Same 💩 as Cyberpunk or Valhalla 😤 They learned how to use copy paste in 3D 🤪
The crashes and buggy gameplay is making it hard to like this game. It's a really great game if those bugs are fix
Oh wow! I don't know if this is some sort of copium trick, but I've never heard of this franchise, and man I've BEEN sick and tired of skyrim and fallout, and heres this new open-world-y, rpg-y sandbox and it has nexus mods?? yayyyyyy
I am really disapointed that they added Denuvo and didn't release it on GOG.
360 and ps3 years were the best for games
first games story sucked too, everyone was still excited for the second
This game is a COMPLETE failure in relation with the first. All is downdraded from the first. But I dont give a damn however. I just dont care. What is shocking to me is that the game was handicaped in the graphs dep JUST to run ok in the crappy PS5 at 1080 at 30fps. What the heck is that Sh1tstation 5 made of? Is just slightly better than the PS4 maybe the switch? So expensive and sooo bad? The hell with Sony ! They just released a big piece of gimmick trash that is handicaping the whole industry! GODDAMIT!
Honestly I'm having a blast in the game and all the bugs I've encountered have only led to some hilarious encounters. For example a survivor clipped perfectly into the driver's seat of a car and was just hanging out or when a corpse just started talking to me. I haven't experienced anything game breaking so far in my 20 hours of gameplay and it's been nothing but a blast for me personally
The game is pretty buggy but it’s still fun
Not a fan of the health bars hopefully you can turn them off.
Before you watch this gówno-video, remember to drink a bottle of wódka. Ale nie jakąś markową, tylko zwykłą, najpodlejszą berbeluchę.
I ONLY FIND THESE VIDS AFTER I BUY THE GAME 🤣
ima get the 1st one soon so i cant wait to play that one and this one aswell
Dying light 1 was definitely the superior game. This game definitely blows, super glitchy and seems unfinished. Playing on the hardest difficulty is a joke and the “new” (10 year old mechanics that aren’t really new) mechanics they added feel super clunky. I really hope they add more. Nighttime is a joke in dying light 2. I felt dying light 1 had suspense and night time felt fun.
Its unplayable on my xbox series x, the sound has cut out and is replaced by an error sound, the environment goes pitch black so i cant climb anything because i cant tell what is going on. It overheated my console so i got a warning message and shut down. Wish i could get my money back, its alot worse then cyberpunk day one thats for sure. Restarting doesnt fix -_- ugh
The hype the developers put behind the story really let me down. I was actually pretty upset about it until I beat the game. Now that the story is over, it's really nice to just go do open world stuff with friends or help them progress in their stories.
Hey can someone who knows help me, so I have a ps5 i want to buy Dying Light 2 but store i want to buy it at only has ps4 physical versions of the game and i don't know when ps5 versions will be available, if I buy ps4 version of the game for my playstation 5 will I be able to have next generation free update meaning that i'll be playing on ps5 version of the game on my ps5 even tho i have ps4 disc or do i need to buy ps5 version of the game to play it on my playstation 5 in 60fps and everything else that next generation consoles feature, I can't find any answers online about it, thank you
Who else thing the theme song for Dying Light 2 is so bad ass. Like this comment💯🙌🏾
So far I've only played the first mission, not bad but I think I'm a bigger fan of the first one, original was best zombie game hands down. Hope this one plays out same way.
is it worth finishing up the first game before playing the second game?
dying light 2 is a flop  maybe they will fix it 4/10 on release
More dying light is always good
Lots of dialogue glitches on ps4 which sadly ruined the immersion a lot but otherwise it’s an amazing game
What's with the co op issues on Xbox?  Me & one friend are on last gen Xbox, our 2 other friends got lucky & managed to get a series X each (lucky buggers).   The game let's me & my mate on last gen play together but my 2 friends on series X cannot join us, this is BS. I don't know if it's a glitch or deliberate design choice. If it's a glitch then does anyone have any workarounds?
I kinda like how people are saying it's pretty similair to Dying Light 1. I was afraid they'd change too much to the formula, but it seems like they haven't :D
No pistols? No rifles? No shotguns? IM OUT!
Looks like a game that would get boring after a day on it to be honest
hej
6.9 million subscribers let's gooo!!
For me dying light 2 has been fun the story has me hooked and the gameplay has been even better
and a bow and arrow ;]
I was sooo excited for this games. Only problem is that my GTX1060 3G didn't share my excitement and with current GPU prices i will play this game maybe in 2025. :D
I watched this after I bought it. It’s currently downloading, looking forward to it!
The running and looting just look so weird
This game has so much potential it’s honestly just the small bugs of restarting once a quest doesn’t progress by itself and the not working co op is a issue as well
Is the game honestly good I’m thinking about getting it but I don’t know if i should?
I encountered a few glitches so far, also many audio issues in cutscenes but other than that, i'm loving it so far
I need the OG game now 🤦‍♂️
Does anyone know how much dying light two is on PS4?
Game is fantastic in my opinion. Yeah there are the bugs but what game doesn't have it's bugs. If you can look past the bugs there's no disappointment
Techland should have never fired Chris Avellone.
Sounds boring.
cant get enough of the music thats intertwined with the parkour and how parkour is so freeform and the world is built for you to see an enemy in between two walls and your immediate thought is  "i'll wallrun on both these walls and dropkick this person", or for you to think of the most fun way to scale a wall, keeping your agility points adding to each other. the FOV is perfect imo on PS5 and i've found myself enjoying watching my whole body run or climb bc the cameras actually head level which in my experience is rare to be done at all in FP games, so i've learnt that I'm a big fan of watchings your arms reach out and grab items and interact with the world, and the cutscenes are done amazing.  I am a big sucker for the first game with a couple thousand hours in DL1 in total and multiple playthroughs as well, and right from the start I had how i felt first starting DL1 come back to me, so my prologue took 3+ hours lol. the game is DL1 but everything's improved and added onto. the day 1 patch definitely fixed a lot of stuff and I've only had three graphical bugs and maybe a zombie would spawn in close to me but the survivor sense still told me they were there, the story and choices no matter how small really made me think and made me wonder if I really did the right thing, and im for the no save scumming thing. you are stuck and have to deal with what comes next. really puts you in aidens shoes, makes you feel unique.  sorry for anyone who finds my comment looking for an opinion and got all of this lol but i had to gush about how much i love this game, i feel likes it's all i've ever wanted and more; more dying light plus more parkour. for anyone who has played DL1 you'll love this one and to those who haven't, if you enjoy getting stronger as time goes on, creative gory combat, thrilling parkour with interactive music to boot, a story you can get invested in, and a often tense night time in a medieval post apocalyptic world, this game's got something for you; and it'll only get better with age because it's techland.
ohh yeah nights fucking scary its legit way worse i played DL1 on nightmare it was so easy but DL2 and fuck its a lot harder then 1 not impossible
why there is no ragdoll animations when u kick the zombie or human from the roof?
So many delays and still so buggy.. it's a bad practice. That being said, I'm disappointed.. everything looks almost identical.. rooftops, houses, enemies.. you always hear people say the same shit line. Even characters.. like there are only 5 models they use.. I am disappointed! Because the game can be fun but it's not a triple a game! They should not  advertise it as such. It's a double a game with a lot of flaws but also a lot of fun. But for a triple a game.. no you can't get away with 3 character models and everything looking the same.
This games gonna be good......... :Aiden "Mmmh"
BUGGY AS HELL
Great review have played the first one and is the only game I've completed so decided to go for this one ...so far it's so so not sure I like the rpg side, graphics are good story not so,combat OK overall gameplay is fun but I've a long way to go ,so will try and make this the second game I complet
I’ll probably be picking this up at the beginning on March so hopefully they’ll have ironed out some of the performance issues and bugs on the PS5. I loved the first one so I’m looking forward to this
Is this whole game playable with multiplayer?
Looks boring
It would have been much better using new York and not this fictional crap !!!!!
I found that the parkour feels super floaty and unrealistic in DL2 but the first one had rigid hardcore movement and combat that was crazy. The second one is just as amazing but the movement and combat feels so weightless
Bro if the story bad, that sucks hard
I liked when you get a windmill they make a base around and 5 small places in the eria
Damn, honestly the story of dying light 1 was actually pretty gripping to me it’s sad to hear it’s just ok in this
This game does not appeal to me at all. But, happy gaming to those who enjoy.
Me 5 second after watching this video: okay It's time to go buy
I started dying light got like 13% through it then met a modded gave me 100k of every supplies and infinite ammo guns yeah I’m waiting until their in dying light 2 bc I play cheese
I just don’t get the “next gen” vibe from the game.   I think my expectations may be too high.
Just because you didn’t care about the story even before you started playing it (you said that, I’m just making a point), doesn’t mean you should make the story out to be bad or not worth playing. That can damage a potential player’s prospect of getting the game when they could’ve really enjoyed it. I myself haven’t come close to beating the game yet, but I’m pacing myself to enjoy the game. A friend of mine skips the cutscenes and dialogue and gets confused when he has to make a narrative or faction decision because he doesn’t know anything about what’s happening, afterwards he said he didn’t feel like it even mattered besides one small change in the open world. Doesn’t that sound familiar? Give the story a genuine chance before you judge it, I don’t think you’d regret it.
Will give a fuck once Denuvo is removed.
I liked the first and I like this one too
Great review. I was hoping these patch1 issues would be fixed now when we have Ps5
it's a bad sign when all of the comments are talking about dying light 1...
Played about 4 hours. All in all, this is pretty accurate.  The game's story is somewhat visibly rewritten at points,  slightly breaking immersion. It also can get a little boring during long talking stretches (I didn't like that in fallout either to be fair). Plus one thing he didn't bring up: the game feels a bit more arcade-y than the original considering it has health bars, and enemy indicators during sneaking or chasing.  That said,  honestly I sorta like the health bars and the parkour/ combat foundation does feel just as great as the first game.  Plus the crafting system feels much better in this game. Plus I love the way they implemented Aiden's immunity as well as the progression. They are truly wonderful design changes that actively encourage you to explore and go fast, forcing you to play the game in its most enjoyable way.  Both feel like a unique  My only major concern about this game is that I haven't had *much* of a challenge yet, especially with the chases (I haven't seen any volatiles during chases yet).  I think that might be largely due to me being very early in the game though.  I haven't played enough to say if it's better than the original yet, but i can say that they certainly belong in the same tier.  Addition: after playing multiplayer and getting our cheeks clapped by a volatile while raiding a hospital, the game is a bunch of fun especially with multiplayer.  Combat is fun and does present a decent challenge while on hard difficulty.  I'm half sure that the only reason why he was even there to clap is in the first place was that we accidentally stayed in all the way until morning, but regardless the squealing that came out of our mouths while we frantically climbed a series of ladders to the safety of the UV was priceless.
I ain't getting a update for these quest bugs
Can't even barney's secrwt quest to finish because it won't let me through the wooden board
Every quests bugs out and I have to do something else just to activate it
Techland knows how to make killing zombies so goddam satisfying. I'm literally addicted to dropkicking everything
Looks boring - I won't buy the game. Thanks for this review.
I’m starting to be more at ease during the night. At first I was scared to move like Alien Isolation 😂 but once you get used to it it’s only nerve racking.
i didn't like the second city in DL1 :/ DL2 city looks better. also much more overgrown. i love that. and i play it for the game play. story is ok but i don't realy care. and the night 'dungeons' are realy nice new thing to make you go out at night! enjoying this more than the first one personally :)
the game is absolutely trash
Worst bug I've had yet is that I literally cannot play with my friends so I just kinda zoomed through the story and beat it in less than 20 hours of playtime so now I'm just kinda stuck in this limbo of sidequests and exploration.
5:47 lol stuck in wall run
It's hilarious there are no guns - "because there are no skilled people left"... give me a break; I thought only the team who wrote TLOU2 were poor story tellers!
Before you buy: make sure you have enough monies cuz its a must buy
aw what happened to Harran and Kyle crane,
The game is extremely buggy, don’t buy yet. Essentially unplayable due to the amount of bugs and if you want to play co-op, forget about it. Co op doesn’t work whatsoever. You can hardly get through one quest before you get kicked
How long dose it take to finish the game?
BEFORE YOU BUY  I wanted you guys to know there's no zombies in this game lol like literally my nighttime is like dusk and I can run around freely without seeing a volatile or even gearing noticed and I love the gray npcs
this game feels like a step back. the last one had guns this one doesn't.  Also the story isnt good either. its almost as if it feels like this is dying light one and the first one is dying light 2
im skipping this game for now... i still busy playing arceus and horizon dawn is just right out the corner xD
I love how whenever the ps5 and Xbox series x|s are having shortages and people try and work to buy them those people you can’t play with if your not able to get the extra cash(for instance my brother got the game (series x) and I downloaded it from him and I can’t play with him even though he got it to play multiplayer with me… And I gotta wait 1mounth - 5 years for any details on whenever there gonna employment it and by then I’ve already probably gonna quit and play another game because I couldn’t play with any friends on cross gen…
the storyh is so good
omg i love this agme its so much fun omg i love this gme omg get this gme omg omg
My opinion: This.....isn't....dying light.  This is "AAA GAME STUDIO WOWIE ZOWIE SO CRAZY YOU GUYS" But pulling every single punch, and making the blandest most safe and uninspired decisions for the game. Essentially, the industry standard.   I don't care about your whacky mechanics, your 90fps and graphics. This is like....so many things at once, even just visually. Like, really ?? FACTIONS AND BASES ? REALLY ?  CHOICES THAT ALTER THE GAME ?  COPY PASTED QUESTS AND GAMEPLAY?  BAD, BLAND, UNINTERESTING STORY THAT IS CONVOLUTED?    I want a good story and consistency. Dying Light 1 was immersive in its story. And it made you care, it made you feel unsafe, it made you feel rushed, it made you feel alone or small, but also growing, learning, navigating, exploring, foraging. You name it.   It didnt feel like a game, it felt like a real living breathing world.   This just feels like a bunch of out of touch execs, told people what to do, because they saw other popular games do it.   Maybe playing it will feel different. But so far, it's irritating to even just look at
Had a GRE anomaly today jump out of the arena you have to fight it in. I could exit to stand right infront of him, he stood there doing nothing. Hit him but couldn't damage him, no response. Had to goto the nearest safe area and wait for him to reset to fight him again.
Can ps4 play with ps5 ?
Thanks for this, sounds like a buy it on sale game. I loved the he'll out of the original but some of the same gripes as you with the #2
it looks cool but not worth buying
Kinda sucks that there are no regular firearms in this game
Aiden is boring AF They improved human combat but the zombie... not nearly as satisfying and fun as the first one. They have done away with the minimap The climbing stamina is a dissapointment. The game lost it's atmosphere. Feels like an Ubisoft made game, hell, the manus are ripped directly from the Valhalla\Far Cry 6.  It's good, but generic and souless. Which is a pity. All we needed is more Dying Light, but we got a game that seems like Dying but copies the worst parts of recent AAA games. I preloaded the game on PS5 and I can tell that it has some weird bugs, like clips from the upgrade system being with sound, when they shouldn't. There's a constant image "blinking" that happens randomly. It's clear that the game should've been different, probably just more Dying Light 1, which wasn't a bad idea, but then scrapped and remade into a souless Ubisoft copy-cat game.
I'm going to hold off on buying this game after I found out that it's only 1080p 60fps on PS5 and series x, the resolution is too low for the these consoles , we saw what those machines are capable of but I'm not a dev so...  I don't know any better. Yes I know there is a 4k 30fps mode and ray tracing mode but I need that solid 60 for the parkour  stuff. I hope it's possible for the devs to work around that 🙏
Game is terrible,honestly the only enjoyment is parkour and they literally try their hardest to not do parkour missions, absolute terrible time
Wonder when we get new innovative games and not copy pasta shit since a decade.... next gen for old ass 'remasters' 👌🏼👈🏼😂
Why so misleading? I like dl2, I have already spent like 10 hours in it, but there is no need to sugarcoat bad stuff, like night (it's nothing compared to the first one), skill tree (literally awful) and other.
I started playing immediately after early release, glad I did the pre-upload. The visuals are almost too good, I'm really enjoying playing in 4K. I like your reviews, quick and straight to the point. 👍👍
I am sad that they did away with invasions
isn't it weird people went from barely hearing about a game or randomly finding and buying it to try something new, to listening to other people talk about why they like it to completely influence you buying it? games would be a lot better with total mystery and i mean not even knowing if it's an fps or what.
Did you guys give the water to the survivers or the PK?
These cartoonish style of games nowadays will be out of use in 5 years. dl1 had this special atmosphere that is clearly missing here. battlefield 3/4 had also special styles and world atmposphere. same wwith bf1. or hell let lose (very good atmosphere).  less brightly coloured games more real  ones
Night time always gets me pretty sweaty
The first game looks more real than this shit. Shit game from the whole gameplay and game review
I will give it the normal treatment I do for any AAA game, let it release and wait no less than 6 months before I will even consider buying it
is anyone else having a problem downloading the game? i just got it and for some reason the game refuses to download  First it couldn't read the disc,then it just stopped. didn't go up or go down so i restarted,now it just says that something went wrong. the disc doesn't seem damaged with ZERO SCRATCHES.could ve my disc drive but this is the only game im having this problem with and im 90% sure its a disc because of the error code.  i don't get why it won't read the disc it thinks the disc isn't compatible,keep in mind its on a ps5 with a ps5 disc.
Never had a chance to play the first game but I really want to buy this one. Do I need to play the first to even understand the new one??
Is there a grapple hook? That was my favorite thing about the first one.
Dropkick and co-op will make this game even on hard easy not in a bad way because we love it. The game was like 48 hours released but we had 24 hours of play time we love it.
Am I the only one who hates there intro so loud
I made it to the end I I cant finish it because it gliched out and i fall through the world each time i respawn
I got that Joe Rogan situation reference, cool!
1:30 "Aiden is running around being a badass"   Immediately falls on his ass
Aiden being voiced by the same VA as Kyle Crane from the first game had me confused for a while. I wonder if the decision to cast Roger Craig Smith as the voice of the protagonist of the second game was a so-so decision, or a deeply deliberate one.
Thank you for the review and honesty. You know Jake and Falcone, you are gold. Got 25 friends watching you always and keep up the good work. That is all
I actually brought the game….. not playing without seen this. Love your channel
After playing a bit, I feel if you like the first… well you prob bought it already lol. I feel like this is gonna be super great once the optimization and dlcs kick in. Big fan
Ew this parkour.  I thought the first game was praised for its’ movement
Seems like a slower and floatier version of Dying Light 1 and that's not particularly a bad thing but, to me, it also doesn't feel as satisfying as the first game. The story seems also to be par with it's predecessor as well. It's still a pretty good game even if only for the gameplay.
I really hope they add in gyro aiming as an option on every platform except the xbox consoles
It's a very underwhelming game for the first 5hrs but gets better
Idk this doesn’t even look good at all
Repetitive gameplay, the map looks copy-paste, boring characters
I haven't had one bug at all..game is sweer
Only thing I see as an issue is the (in  my opinion) horrendous HUD.  The first game had little to none and was perfect. This has health bars and some shit I hope we can turn off
The game is fine tbh, but the controls on console take a lot of time to get used to coming from mostly FPS. That's the only thing that's really bothering me
The game keeps crashing so i hope they fix that quickly because i really enjoyed this game
If you miss your stun drop kick sometimes the game zooms you a fair distance. I flew through two rooms, out a window and down about 5 stories because my vault dropkick missed the zombie and aimed at the door....  I don't know if that was a bug or what, but ffs.
My biggest concern as someone who can't afford a ps5 or whatever xbox is at now is how good does the game look on ps4 or Xbox one
Hands down my go to source for deciding if I should buy a game or not
This video came 7 months late for me, cause I preordered.
loved dying light 1. played dying light 2 for 3 hours and got so bored I refunded the ultimate edition.
Kinda of disapointed, I hoped that we the faction system would be more than jsut what it is now, I didn't expect it to be like Fallout New Vegas but cmon this is quite barebones. Maybe they could have added an option to side with the renegades to some degree and to have consequences depending on what faction you decide to side with.
Did they upgrade or said when they’ll upgrade dying light 1?
Great gameplay but the story line sucks. Thank you
I’ve had a few small issues that I could resolve and I’ve had a couple minor immersion breaking moments like sleeping zombies don’t attack bandits so I had bandits running through dark zones to get to me unscathed. If I had to pick one thing it would be the story around peacekeepers so far and their actions. I expected something else and for me it’s not at grey as I’d like. Maybe that changes later in the story
720p in 2022?  Really?
*Me watching before you buy videos, after i buy it*
PS5 games that are also PS4 games…  Let’s be honest they are PS4 games.
Dying light will always be a good game the first one is a classic but the second one in my opinion is soooo much more chaotic and fun and crazy
Yo ive only got to to play bits of this gane because the game seems unfinished& when i go talk to ppl it glitches bad
Game looks really good glad this came out
Am I the only one that feels like the animations feel and look kinda crappy for how long the game has been in development?
Unbiased, to the point. Thx for this. I still really want to play but I'll cop it for 7.99 two years from now 😅
Before you buy don’t buy
6.9 million subs… noice.
played the first game and all the dlc except the bozak horde and i enjoyed it but with what they were posting on their youtube and all that kinda makes me a little upset.
I don't know, my PC is decent, but average.  And it runs it EASILY.  Max settings 1440p, 60 most of the time, dips to 30 during complex events occasionally.   I have a 8gb ATI AMD Radeon RX 5700 XT sapphire, AMD Ryzen 7 3700X 8-Core Processor, 32gb of ram.  A moderate build.
Thank you for the review! It made me decide to buy the game. 😀
I hate game sequels when u dont play as the same dude as in the 1st part. Idk a pet peeve.
Do i have to play the first one to play the second one?
I think it's time for me to go finish the first game... lol It looks good, but if there is a lot of bugs, I can wait...
who else is watching this episode after they already bought the game?
Very disappointing from @gameranx, I was relying on his review to make a purchase decision on DL2. Coop is utterly broken, he failed to mention that.   Game on PS5 is bearable, but buggy.
Not gonna lie it does look like it could've used alot more time in the oven.
They need to fix this busted ass combat wtf
I don’t like this game
So glad I copped day 1 it's been so damn good
loved the first one ...but sry this is nothing new ...another open world copied from good first part ...
I personally feel if you’re tired of zombies 🧟‍♀️ you’re a boring person 😂
TOO LATE! I watched it before I watched
I’ve been going out at night bc that shit is way more fun then the first game
Sounds like a fair review. Haven’t gotten the game yet so this works really well to fit the title. I’m pretty attached to good narrative so hearing that this doesn’t excel in that area, I’ll probably put this game on a wait list. Meanwhile I can take my time finishing up the first game, which I personally liked for the contrast between “serious story” and “wacky combat”. Who else laughed at the freezing saw blades that said “THIS is why you pay attention in chemistry class!”?
I can look past or even laugh at bad writing as long as the game is enjoyable to play. Maya's Music box in DL2 is a great example the sidequest dialog is lazy to point of being funny but when you find the music box its amazing
Dying Light was one of my favorite games- bar none. Maybe playing the PlayStation version is the issue?
Fine I’ll play dying light YouTube like damn giving me all kinds of stuff related to it I have the platnuim edition and I’ll play it ok
This is probably the first time I’ve watched a “Before you buy” before I bought it
Game is a cheap made shit festival. Horrible physics horrible combat just horrible. 1-10
5:49 Did you get stuck?
It’s full of annoying bugs atm but the gameplay helps me ignore them 😩
The game is amazing and terrifying, I noticed very annoying bugs and problems with coop
Played the first game and all its dlc realy enjoyed the story and the game play not super hyped for this new one but maybe ill give it a shot when there's a good sale
Is it me or do the hand animations lack the weight when doing parkour, also, the search animations is goofy.
Looks like a very uninteresting game
I don’t know if anyone else feels the same way, but my absolute FAVORITE thing were the cinematic trailers of the first game, MAINLY the Run Boy Run trailer with Brecken. It is my most favorite game trailer of all time, and I was disappointed that they didn’t do anything close to that for this game.  When I think of Dying Light, that trailer is the first thing that comes to mind, it showcases exactly what you can expect from the game, and it ties into the game! What could be better???
I wanna like it but I’ve ordered a refund, the whole vibe is different, dying light 1 was so well done but this game just feels … off? Like the combat isn’t great, the parkour is super floaty and the whole setting just doesn’t sit right with me, and not to mention how stupid the opening is, like you’re trying to tell me that when those guys are looking for the key on the informant guy they DIDNT SEARCH HIM like small story details like that annoy me cos unless he was using his prison wallet the first thing you do when you think someone has something is search them. So stupid. I’ll wait until they update it or some saviour mods it so it plays better
dyling light 2 feels much more...floaty. All the movements feel..lighter. Not game breaking at all, just something I noticed. DL1 was much more intense of a game imo!
The combat looks worse than the first game. Also... LEVELS???? FUCKINGF LEVELS FOR ZOMBIES?????? WTF???
yo can u guys do a video like the “what made fallout so special” but on Assassins creed?
Idk if this game has "optional online play" because I don't have internet bc im poor but I have enough for this game so I wanna know
‘Just take all my money’
Been playing for a few hours now and the first is better in my opinion.
The only thing I miss from the first dying light is the music. Otherwise it's very close to the same game. Which is a good thing cuz I love the first one. Anyone who's got anything to say about the repetition and the hours spent on looting and looking for things, welcome to the genre. The dialogue is pretty long sometimes but at least they let you skip most of it if your in a hurry.
I remember when games were fun
Hey gameranx howabout stop kissing these companies ass for once
I almost fell asleep watching this yawn fest
I love the dying light franchise and I’m super excited for this game
Is there a difficulty setting? Because I've watched some gameplay and it seems they've dimmed down the ai. I remember enemies attacking more, dodging attacks and more.
1:22 boy how do get 1km
Wait so no more of the old grappling hook that pulls you in?
Nobody……  Hey !  Can we find a way to mention cyberpunk and how trash it is?
Cornering markets till the day no one cares
Dying Light 2 so far has been a buggy mess of game. Ive had to reset saves twice within the first few days of playing it. I haven't been able to play the game, because I can't progress in the quests due to glitches. Another reason I'm no longer going to be pre-ordering games.
So no shooting guns like in the first?!
I still can’t get over how floaty the parkour is.
Could you do a before you buy for Sifu?
I encountered a game breaking glitch last night and had to restart the game, not too happy about that despite me liking the gameplay
Nights should be darker and those healthbars doesnt match with the game
can you play this 4k 120 on ps5?
I've grown to hate looting and crafting. Some is fine, but these modern games waste hours doing such things.
Pretty much only seeing people say “omg I need this now!” And “this is a disappointment”
Game is kinda meh, not a huge fan of their engine, game looks kinda flat and it really needs a draw distance slider, the story is also kinda BS, its been 15 years and the cities are already completely overrun by flora? yeah that doesnt happen that fast. Combat isnt as good as id imagine it too be, feels kinda disconnected, its like im just hitting air at times.
It's Jake from State Farm
No repair for weapons, so dumb
Oh no, why they have to put "ninja hands" in front of you when you run
Back in 2015 i think it was i was absolutely blown away by dying light. So i was really looking forward to this. It looks good. The only thing I think is worse it doesnt seem to have such a strong horror factor. In first part i was legit scared.
bought it in june and forogt about it
Still love the origin especially the sound design. Playing on hard or nightmare would remove markers on map and you would shitt yourself everytime you heard a viral. The night was almost pitch black and having your flashlight on for too long would flicker and dim.
the corpse searching animation is just terrible. I'm not saying this only disgust me of all the game has to offer, it's just that it's downright insulting compared to the first game
This game is ass fucken hate some of the missions
Ey man thanks for the video. Recently played the fist game and fell in love with it, at the moment have of writting this I have 100+ hours on it and will keep on adding to that. Had my doubts about the the sequel but thanks to your video I know what to expect. Thanks 👍
If you loved the first game, you'll love this one. The atmosphere is better than the first game in terms of sound design and music. The combat and parkour feel phenomenal. The story grabs me more than the first one did, but it's not a masterpiece of a story. The day/night mechanics and the immunity level are awesome. Running out of immunity items when you're deep into an area puts a clock on getting to UV safety or finding blue mushrooms etc. I love DL2.   My one real complaint is that I cant assign keybinds to my mouse buttons. I'm sure that has to be a bug, though. And some buttons you change will end up doing the original action AND the action you assign it to. I hope they fix that soon.
The jump looks so floaty lol but still looks like a nice game
I'm also very curious but you say other games implement the factions better. Can you give us any examples it would be cool to know what those games are so I can play it and enjoy their story.
Is Dying Light 2 Bad ? : Hell no . Is it Better than Dying Light 1 ? : Hell no !
not even 3:00 in and I'm sold
I heard theyve put Denuvo in game and i play games alot of time in offline mode. Can someone tell me how much it will affect me, its pretty much the only thing stoping me from getting it...
I'm just curious but does anyone know if it still runs well on ps4??
From my time playing I don’t think it’s that bad but I feel like they tried to turn a game that was really fun with arcade gameplay and a pretty intricate skill system with personal upgrades into a game that tries to rely on its “meh” story and simplified gameplay with only two skill trees. After playing for two days I feel like I’d seen most of what the game offers and I’m not sure if I’ll play long term like I did with the original. The map also might be bigger but it doesn’t give me any landmarks to make me me remember any of it. It all looks the same. Kinda disappointed 7/10
Absolutely buy it
This game is absolutely amazing it looks great on the series x and the story is awesome omg I love it 💯 💯
ew healthbars
That sounded more con than pro. I agree with half of what you said. The first game was better. No denying it. The zombie combat is lacking in the second game. Severely. But if you seriously didn’t notice how choices change the world, then you weren’t paying attention whatsoever. Like. At all. Not a bit. It’s clear as day when your choices have an affect and how it changes the world. And the story was actually in my opinion, better than the first games story. So it comes down to combat or story. The world in dying light 2 is a bit less immersive because of the lacking combat but the the story, the huge world, the encounters, and all the unique places to go and quests do, make up for it. This video was more leaning towards the con side but try and have a bigger view. The game is a day one release, and there are issues with all new games. I play on a 7 year old ps4 and haven’t witnessed not a single technical issue that you mention. It feels very polished to me. No lag. No glitches. Nothing. The game so great. It all comes down to preference though.
Wat happen to falcon man
This game is literally unplayable for me DONT BUY IT
you love cutting off people's heads? cool!😁
Raw fun
No guns though
I really wanted to like the game, but it just felt janky. Dying light 1 had prefect combat and feel, even the ragdoll was great, but this just felt meh to me. I ended up refunding my Deluxe copy. It just didn't feel fun to play for me.
I hate that virals will spawn inside the room you're in if you're in a chase. Makes finding a same room to crawl in pointless.
The second game is good but I just like the environments of the first game better, the second game just feels cartoonish and all the areas are so bright and the feeling of dread was removed for me. I suppose that can be because civilization developed and adapted since the first game but I dunno
seen as you spend most of your time running around the city and siding with the survivalists gives you more ways to do that is thee any point to side with the peacekeepers to setup traps like your playing minecraft
Traversing taken from Mirror's Edge and parachute taken from Just Cause... only worse.
I think a lot of people had their expectations too high. Especially with how it was framed in trailers, with making choices etc.  If it's just as good as the first game, I'll be happy. I like that the voice acting is still weird and that it looks like the original with a new coat of paint. Shows that it's still Dying Light at the core.
The creativity factor of stringing together masterful combat moves or cleverly finding ways around obstacles, this game is dope!! Recommend you play it on Hard mode to really feel the environment.
Any news on the ps5/xbsx Dying Light 1 patch?
My only problem with this game so far is the parkour it’s really not forgiving like the 1st one. Ya gotta make sure you’re on wires n Shid otherwise you gonna fall lol.
Crack : Im i a joke to u
This game looks like straight dogshit compared to the first one.  Sad, waited a LOOOOOOONG time for a second Dying Light.
dont buy it played 12 hours crashed and had to play 12 hours again 24 hours wasted...........wank game..........people having problems dying before a save too.... hours of gameplay cus it crashes and you have to play it again... did you get it for free...? or pay for it and waste 54 quid.... no review copy........... dont buy this game.
Ahhh yes my favorite video that I only watch after purchase
Where are all the zombies??
You think itd be important to mention in a "Before You Buy" video that there's no crossplatform....
AHH so glad I don't preorder games. Internet says it's a bit shit and co-op is more broken than single player. Reddit is rammed with people saying it's broken. Worth a buy said it's broken 🤣 I believe him. You guys are being too kind to this game, stop it. Otherwise game makers won't stop pumping out crappy games.
The only issue I have with this game is how are there still tons of zombies inside the city after 15 years lol You'd think they would have cleared the streets a long time ago, plus the zombies don't seem to travel a lot :D
I didn't like the first one cuz it seemed like the weapons would break after a few hits and I got frustrated with that lol This one seems solid.
This is very genuine, helpful. Buying rn
Did you get paid to give this game a good review?
This is the perfect review. Gives me good, hard, downtothebone pros and cons. Thanks man! See you in Villidor!
Honestly, I would say to wait a year before picking this game up. It is so filled with bugs, is going to take quite some time for them to make patch after patch to fix everything. the audio dialogue is some of the worst I've ever been able to hear or see in my entire life. Most of it isn't even coming out audible or in text form for that matter.
Put a few hrs into it and it feels like the first 1 except no getting tired from running(😍). If you liked the first one its a definite buy. If you never played the first one you should check it out.  The glitches aren't that annoying, some are kinda funny.  I hope they don't patch the duplication glitch before they fix some of the performance glitches. That would be kinda sad.
This game is buggy AF, and I'm just talkin about the audio dialogue. I can't even hear what most of these people are trying to say to me and it won't show me the text even on the screen, it flashes within a microsecond. it just leads me to the part where I'm supposed to answer, and I don't even know what they're saying at that point. This is getting really hard to digest although I'm having fun playing the actual game itself. I used up all my hotspot data for the month on the day one patch as well, so no more patches for me for at least another month. 😔
This looks like it was made 10 years ago lol 😂
No cross gen lmao
How long is the day and night cycle irl?
When I heard about a fucking timer my heart absolutely sank!  A timer in a open world game...WTF!
Sadly I'm disappointed
Gameranx is such a sellout. Every fucking game is just a good game. Like really
6.9 M subs 😈
I love this channel. I used to like gaming bolt but they seem to have some weird obsession with hating on days gone.
How's multilayer? What about denuvo on pc?
God is Good Jesus is Lord God Bless 🙏🏽❤️✝️👑
Can you free roam online?
I hope they fixed zombies being able to see you when they shouldn’t be able to.  Nothing is as much “fun” as being chased by virals that spawned after and during camouflage but still chase you like you’re not camo’d without attacking, because why not.
Soon as I seen the zombies had health bars I instantly knew I wasn’t getting it why in the world would you put that on zombies it’s like they forgot to turn them off before release
Anyone else watch these videos after you buy the game?
I don't think I've ever actually watched one of these BEFORE I bought a game.... Usually right after and I find out if I blew my money
its dissapoint the f*k outta me with the zombie ragdolls but overhaul its probably gonna be the best goddamn AAA game relased this year
Not liking it so far. The NPC levels are just pants.
To me, without looking at reviews, I figured Dying light 2 would be met with a resoundingly positive reaction. But from what I’ve seen ppl been saying it’s bad. I might just be a sucker for the movement and combat but it’s been nothing but fun for me.
fuck i need this game right now
Idk man Dying light 2 didn't do it for me I think the story was lame, there wasn’t too much to do except for the repeating sidequests or those GRE-Buildings etc. But I was mostly disappointed because of the map. The thing that I liked most about Dying Light 1 was Harran or the old town the map was just very interesting and the world felt just more exciting. If you ask me, I wouldn’t recommend Dying Light 2 at least for now. Maybe the additional Story Dlc's will make it somewhat better.
Low standards for games these days. Rinse and repeats.
This game is hard as hell. I died like 5 times yesterday.
And I’m about to buy it
I think the parkour in this game is super fun even though I only have like 5 abilities unlocked. I don't have too much bad to say rn I'm on xbox one s cause I haven't gotten new gen yet and have seen little to no visual or physical glitches which is good
Can you turn off health bars?
Dying Light.  so bright you dont even feel the...dying..uhm.. light
Has the day 1 patch fixed a fair amount of the bugs?
Hey guys, i have never played Dying Light and i´m thinking about to buy the first DL ...right now it would cost me like only 6€... Is it still a good game? And is the first one better then the second one?
First time I have ever watched a before you buy before I actually buy the game 😭
i still remember when you recommend Outriders and that game got abandoned like 1 week later and i was like shit, Gameranx failed the first time lol
So far, the story has been really dumb and underwhelming
this game really needs a FOV slider and control scheme customization on console
The first Dying light caught me off guard I wanted a new zombie game but I only had enough money for one it came out around the time of resident evil remake on PC so I bought the unfamiliar game and it turned out to be so much fun 😊 , I just started the second one and the movement to me is the most fun part so far.
When the first game came out it had such a unique vibe to it
Tbh most I never played the original because of the story, I played because it was the best open world zombie experience on the market, giving me that fallout 4 or skyrim vibes but better because you can dropkick zombies off of buildings! So far loving the second one!
Not gonna lie, I played a good 1 hour and came across a glitch had a moment to think about how I feel about the game so far and then I refunded it🤣 this is my first dying light game but idk I don’t think it’s my type of game
You completely failed to mention what sounds like one of the most important, most annoying new features - the infection meter, constantly nagging you. Also, the game is apparently extremely bugged on other platforms.
I’m really sick of that same suit with a different face but good video
I bought the ultimate edition but i don’t have the stuff what comes with it
Dying Light 2 was one of the few games I seriously couldn’t wait for, first pre-order in years. And I’m not regretting it, I loved the first game and so far I’m also loving the second one
I never played dying light now should i buy dying light 1 or 2 plz help?
6.9 mil? bro we cant get anymore subs
I have now had twice I’ve played through the game and gotten to a glitch that doesn’t allow me to progress or complete objectives.
I dont know why i do it but i always seem to watch this right after buying the game instead of before i buy
HEY JOE! WANNA PLAY A ZOMBIE GAME?!
I was a little too young for the first game and I just remember always getting off after getting tired of my heart racing nonstop for an hour or so😂
Dude, the day this came came out I've been looking out for a 'before you buy' from gameranx
Careful with the ps4 version, seems buggy and shitty, like cyberpunk 2077 when released
The original was just so excellent. The bar is set really high for dl2. If the developers give it even half the amount of attention they gave the first game im sure itll shape up to be pretty damn good.👍
It looks boring
i really dislike techland and the dying light community in general that probably dosen't help the game for me, i also think all the story and character writing is once again atrocious like the first game.
You see I wanna find a game like state of decay 2 but idk if this is it for me.
Another episode of “I’ve already bought it but here to see what gameranx thinks anyways!”
Why is there two editions of dying light 2 ultimate edition on my Xbox and will I still get my season pass even tho it is saying I can buy ultimate again
Larger world  But the idiots take away vehicles
Love the game, but sad I haven’t seen a “be the zombie” mode, was the coolest thing in the first
I bought it should Of watched  this first I didn’t know the stupid makers of this game took away the things we enjoyed like fire arms and rides/Vehicles Like how stupid can you be
This game is an amazing example of what a sequel should be, I don't know how to explain but it feels like it belongs as as the next installment. The crafting and looting system is a lot better, combat feels more responsive and exciting, story has some nice plots, characters are very likeable or dislikeable depending what angle you're playing from.   Long story short, it is a great zombie parkour game.
Is it me or does it look sluggish, moon-gravity like..
"ULTRA...COMBO!!!"  =P
How are games coming out with tech issues seriously it’s constant now, feels like games are coming out half done and then we have to wait for patches for actual playable games
His arms look really stupid when he runs
The main thing I hated about the first one was that the volatile ps spit at you
I was skeptical at first getting this game because last time a big ambitious game came out, it was full of bugs making it almost unplayable… you know what i mean. Lol anyway this looks like a finished product and looks way better than the first one! Gonna get it today! Great video!
At least from what I've seen, it looks as if the game suffers from the same problems as the original. The gameplay is great I have no doubts about it, the graphics are stellar, but the story seems to be the weakest point, with uninteresting characters. it would have been better if they invested more time into making the story better since they marketed choices as one of the main selling points, instead of making the world extra large like Ubishit does.
I didn’t really enjoy dying light until after I had put a few hours into it to level up and get the abilities and weapons, but after that I absolutely loved it. I’m hoping DL2 will turn out similarly, because I am a little disappointed with the slower approach to parkour and how your stamina bar severely restricts your ability to climb.
Plays better on Series X and Ps5 as for last gen plays great on One X and PS4pro base Xbox one/Ps4 it’s blurry lower frame rates.
Does it play well on ps4?
Looks like you're making biscuits like my cat when you search someone. Instant buy.
Is there a fov slider on Pc? Because in DL 1, I get a bit motion sickness
Bold of you to assume I'm buying it
Still can't play because gamestop still doesn't have my preorder in stock because the snow storm
giveaway this game for me plz :(                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           jk....
Performance mode 60fps ? dfq how useless are consoles
This seems like a great game, but you know, if it didn't have Denuvo that requires internet connection to play a single player game, as a result, even while playing singleplayer, things stutter and lag since they are being updated online. It's not about the hardware requirements, it's that Denuvo servers are potato grade and ruin the singleplayer experience.
Honestly the dlc was a masterpiece
UI looks too busy
I remember dropping my backpack as soon as I came back from college and I would rush to start the pc and play dying light and explore and hopefully do some missions and now that I've been waiting for this game for years , I'm more than ready to get into this sweet adventure
Was hyped. Seeing all the gameplay now its just Arcady bullshiiet for me. Miss this one for sure.
It’s only a few days old
I don't care what anyone says. I'm getting this!
I already bought it :/ and I am fucking enjoying it
the "quality" mode on series x is nauseating at times. big let down there.
We actually got a finished game that isn't full of bugs and crashes!  This is a great start for 2022, hopefully we get more finished games and less unfinished buggy messes.
Dying Light 2 is the game that decided to release on the same month as Elden Ring. That's really it. If you wanna know how reluctant people are to pay the money for this one all you have to do is look at Vampire Survivors -- it has more reviews and more attention than Dying Light 2. Not only that, but they decided to use Denuvo to screw themselves even further, ultimately landing them at Mostly Positive, not something you want for your game at this point in the release.   Hopefully it made enough money for a sequel and we can hope they wont repeat this mistake.
Playing on my 750ti at 720p. Surprisingly optimized.
Yet again I find myself watching this after I've already bought and played the game
maybe I'm being autistic with this but why is your POV character flailing his arms around like that? somehow looks really janky and unnatural, even off-putting / immersion-breaking
Dying garbage 2 the downgrade
This game, like the first one, will be great with a lot of patches!
Raven get this game
Why do i have the impression that the gameplay regressed from the original game? I mean, they didn't create anything new, just made the map bigger.
I will never understand why they won’t allow a performance mode on an Xbox one series s. Why?
First 3 mins and it already looks bad: super fast swinging arms while running, yet no view bobbing, meh graphics (though I like the "realistic" color palette), hack and slash (no emphasis on killing humans), combat looks awful in general... Nothing we haven't seen before. No, thanks.
I never playing Dying Light so I'll have to beat that before I play this
Can anyone try and share play this game and let me know of it works for you it don’t for me :(
Can’t wait to play this on my PS4
I love this game so far
Does it have co-op?
Honestly I love dying light and this game but the game has a game breaking bug where it will cut the subtitles and dialogue completely and no fix at all works
This was one of your worse reviews.
You can watch 5 commercial reviews with questionable motivations or you watch one gameranx review and get an honest review that provides the important points from all the commercial reviews with appropriate weighting. Thank you!
You were too late I had already pre-ordered the ultimate edition before this video came out
This game is so dope and looks great on the series x the story is great love this game :) 😀
Just watch "Worth a buy" youtube channel. Americans dont know anything about good games. I like how you cut wall run as it was about to bug out lmao
I loved the first game. And I will Play the second one for sure. Even If it is the german cut version. This is the kind of game I would love to see a VR version of.
Do you mention the slimmy way of implenting DENUVO right before the game release?
can't believe this guy sprints slightly faster than Ethan
Great Great review. When I get the money I'm copping this game
480p?
Jake is the only reviewer I trust. Almost every purchase I've made after discovering gameranx is influenced by him
Games great definitely recommend
Since there is Falcon already, to keep the bird theme going, should you be named Jake Bald eagle?
this is not ps5, built for old generation, graphics could be better.
God that running animation. You’d think with how much running you do they would make it look better.
i miss the music of dying light 1
The characters movement is so stupid. He seems to be sped up, he moves like the Flash! Also he hits someone with a sword they fly off! Physics just don't exist in this one! The First was a good game. I'll pick this one up in the bargain bin next year when all the reported glitches have been fixed
Anyone else having the issue where you need to restart to progress quests? Like it breaks immersion so hard I almost wanna go ahead and yell cyberpunk as mentioned in the video hence his “disjointed” comment
Lemme explain: I have never played dying light 1, but i've watched plenty of videos. The reason I cannot play it is because you can't get it easily in germany. t'was too brutal guess.
As a person who has played dying light for about 4 years now the game is amazing the story was always a bit boring and what ever but what makes dying light dying light has always been the gameplay
PC port is a mess: hard wired keys, functions can’t be rebinded at all, no mouse 4-5 and more! :(
I hope the developers can take your comments on board and make some improvement patches...
get it on pc when they remove denuvo for a smooth experience
I want to turn motion blur off xD Other than that, meets expectations imo. Really enjoyed the first one as well.
Tried to get the 1st part but It was not there for PS4 😢
Top focused on Parkour and  small skill tree ruined the first game and i consider it a 4 out of 10 because of those.
Omce again a game I'm so excited about that gameranx's before you buy is actually something I'm watching after I buy and wait for the install.
still waiting for empress 🤣🤣🤣
Cant wrap my mind around people how think this game is sooo good? I have played 6-7 hours now and holy shit what garbage this is 🤦 the movement and gameplay feel like an 5year old game already! And the graphic is not good, far cry 4 is more advance than this shit..
Dying Light PVP was fantastic. I loved the story too, played it co-op & solo but devastating everyone as that alien zombie was too satisfying.. and then I’d stop them if I was on the human side.  Addicting haha… I spent 120+ hours…  Might wait on DL2… knowing techland they’ve got some free updates up their sleeve and if you just wait you get 10x content for half the price 🤷🏼‍♀️
Yalls reviews are always my first stop for gaming decisions. Any thoughts about ghostwire: Tokyo after seeing it on the PlayStation behind the scenes?
To late, alteady have it😂
I see the search icon constantly saying empty and yet you still have to press the button to get that….That seems annoying.
Spending the skill point to max out in DL1 broke the game for me. It gave me an ability I would have used, but it probably looked cool. Running up a wall, then back-flip. Unfortunately, the trigger of this was similar to climbing up a wall. Suddenly, I died very often from a mishap climbing a building. Playing in city became dangerous, forget about doing any parkour. I stopped playing the game, I could not be asked to retrain my technique - I was fine and had fun, the game changed on me.
There is no before you buy for techland zombie games! You buy it without looking!
What if I have already bought it? What now?
DL1 is one if my favorite games of all time, but honestly, this looks exactly like the first game?  What does this game offer that the first didnt?
I’m so fricken mad, I can’t play with my friends that invited to the game because they are all on pc and I’m on ps4
Got it yesterday. How big is the map 🤔
I do not trust game journalists at all.   Thank you for the review, I really appreciate it.
Doesn’t the night ALWAYS have a TIME LIMIT??   And can you still throw any weapon at the Zombies…??
Should of delayed it a couple of weeks to fix the bugs
Doesn't anyone check for bugs at techland
They've had along time to fix the bugs before launch
Ooooh, this should be good!
Honestly when I buy a game, I use one rule to know if I’ll get it or not. And that is will I play this for years and not get bored? Most games fail at that now a days were you play for a week or a month and you’re bored of it. This game seems to fall in the category, and it looks like you play for a week/month and you’ll pretty much never touch it again. Did I play dying light 1 for years? Yes, I’ll never regret purchasing that.
wow! it looks so good on ps5!!
Maybe a big discount for me. Too generic imo to buy at full price.
Where are the volatile‘s been playing the game for like 18 hours and they only come out at threat level two and I’m so busy being chased I never see them big sad
game sounds like garbo
can you play the whole game in co op or just parts / certain modes?
I thought the story was good I liked it. But yeah it moved fast
Game lazily uses the same animations.. Every mission is glitching out and I have to restart the game for each checkpoint to progress. Im on ps5 and it’s literally unplayable.
I bought a game without watching the before you buy. Wordt decision ever. Since then i always watch the before you buy! Great job gameranx!!
this was a terrible video
Is dying light 2 a continuation of dying light?
It sucks it not crossplay
i'm 14 i want to play this but my parents won't let me. my friends said its not to violent. how can I get this? I know my mom's credit card number so I can give you to buy something if you help me.
Never finished the first one, but bought this on impulse. So far it’s pretty, love the scenery. I keep coming across a flickering glitch in Quality Mode on PS5 where the screen flickers black for a brief moment, almost like an eye blinking. Giving this a shot, while finishing Uncharted and waiting for Horizon and Elden Ring.
here's an issue i discovered, there's a BAD audio glitch where sometimes you can't even do the cutscenes
Super smooth on ps5 so far
"I'm Jake Baldino and I like cutting off peoples' heads."
If they treat it like the last game it’ll only get better from here which is exciting!
I loved the gameplay on the first one,  really special and unique game so I guess I'm  gonna love this also. Spot on review!
No co op info?
i like how they added spike from dying light 1 to be with our character at the start of the game and he even mention crane as soon as he did i was going to see if there is anymore people that made it out of harran. And the game takes i think 5 years later after dying light 1 so if there is a DLC dedicated to find out what happened to kyle crane even after the nuke explosion I'm so down to buy it
You can co-op this campaign right?
The first game scared the shit out of me I just hope I get the courage to buy the game after the terrible battlefield 2042
Never played dying light but I'm liking doing light 2 so far interesting take on the zombie genre. It's really scary at times.  I will play dying light 2 until we get another last of us game or zombie genre game which I'm guessing after dying light 2 I hope soon but I don't think we will get another story driven zombie genre game for awhile.
I'm waiting for my refund from the Back4blood game to buy Dying Light 2 on steam
I pre-ordered the Ultimate Edition and glad I did.  The gear pieces is what sold me on it.  I love building up a character from white, green, blue, purple, and gold!
Not sure if you mentioned it but it feels like your light air in the game and you normal jump can reach maybe triple normal height of jumping
Why doesn’t the parkour look improved at all?
Y'all im telling yall . The story is fun and decent. Its soo fkn fun to run around. And about glitches. Most godly massive games got em. Give 2-3 patches it'll be smooth af
I really want to know if you can grapple throw ppl. That was OP in the first game if you go good with it.
Of course! The Main character DropKick and his famous saying, "Every dying has it's light."
The game is full of glitches and bugs not worth the money
Ill definitely end up playing this game at some point but wow is every single animation in the game janky and stilted.  Absolutley nothing looks smooth or natural
why does it look slower than dying light 1
R.i.p Kyle crane 🏗
is it just me or does the parkour (mostly the running) look so slow compared to the first game?
Can someone confirm if you can air strafe in DL2? Like change direction mid air with just mouse movements like in DL1.
This man selling garbage to children with his opinions. Won't fool me.
Where are the zombies?
Jumping still looks like it has halo's gravity. Does it still feel too floaty?  Im still waiting on my new gaming rigg but i think i'll hold off on playing the game so that most of the bugs and performance issues etc are fixed Rocking a gtx 970 with a i7 3770k 16 gb ddr3 so my setup is definately getting too old for these newer games.
Bought it for PS5 today, he is correct about the resolution and quality mode. It looks amazing if standing still but the second you move it feels like its running at 15FPS.  Loving it so far, if you were a fan of the first you will love it too.
boooooring
This game is just ugly. Just played on ps5 and what a let down. DL1 looks infinitely better. Years later with better equipment and tech. Just how??
Rarely do I care about the plot/story/acting/etc in a game, unless it is exceptional. So good to hear that the actual gameplay is fun. Will wait for some bugs to get ironed out and then pick it up.
I have a feeling that this year will be a good year... Unlike the last two
lotta bot comments
I remember the duplication glitches from DL1, so many good memories with freinds playing that game.
I believe the story is missing Chris
I just don't know why u run so slow it's supposed to be fun but u run mad slow it's not fun
haven’t played the 2nd one yet but i was watching this and forget it was dying light and thought it was APEX  for a minute lmfao. esp with the launch pad , but definitely gonna buy this probably next month 🤘🏽👨🏽‍🎤
Yeah I'll get it on Sale in a few months on One X, it's a last gen game, but runs pretty close to 4K on it. I'm in no rush, just looks like an extension of the last game. Not worth an $60 bucks atm. I'll wait for Horizon Forbidden West, I think it will be better than it's predecessor.
God that loot/search animation really annoys me, would be better to have it patched out.
Dude I've been playing this game nonstop all day . Not a single bug, the game is incredible. The parkour is seemless , the story is well connected.  I'm so glad I didn't listen to the bullshit reviewers on YouTube.  I'm not even being funny this game is great! Makes me wonder what other games are really good that review channels didn't like.  I'm playing on a ps4 for the record . It's so much fun
Can someone show me how to save the game I’ve done the intro like 3 times now bout want a refund
looks like that same game to me
your opinion is annoying but i will respect it its your opinion :p
does this game have invasion? like zombies invasion, like dark souls 3 invasion, like i can invade someone else world, like in the 1st game?
Didn't even know about the series. Anyway I NEEEEED this right the fuck now
I was looking forward to this. Honestly it feels like “one of those games” I’m second guessing it now.
The original is 70% off right now. I've never played. Is it worth?
wonder the enemy Huds ( the health and enemy level ) can be turn off. Looks overcrowded on the screen.
Mirrors Edge: Undead Nightmare
What are the audio and video output specs for the PS5 version
Werid I got a solid 120fps on my xbox series x
And ign said it’s okay. Better to wait. Yeah iight
So basically no guns? From a zombie game I am disappointed
I miss "Be the Zombie" mode... very disappointed this one doesn't have one
Does your items and weapons transfer from dying light 1 transfer to dying light 2?   For example if I have a dark machete in dying light 1 do I have it in dying light 2?
The parkour mechanics look exactly like Mirror's edge catalyst. wall runs, wall climbs, swinging, even the jump animation looks the same
The Virgin Aiden Caldwell vs. The Chad Kyle Crane
can i play this for free?
How does the multiplayer work? Trying to do some co op with the boys!
I already preordered the game 100 days before release and it not being as fresh or hard hitting as the first one was disappointing but over you gave a pretty good summary of the game, didn’t spoil tons or major parts and tried staying both unbiased and factual as possible.. great vid 👍💜🖤
Finally, a review that actually feels accurate.
All I remember about the first game is it gave me nightmares, wish me luck boys
I don't know why, but looking at gameplay it kind of reminds me of Mirror's Edge Catalyst,but in a zombie filled post apocalyptic universe
A good artistic  direction and no matter the concessions,  it will still  look good.   It work for dark souls so it is for this game .
4:58 dunkey would like this game already.
I love the game so far besides the fact that my roommate had to download the PS4 version just to play with me on ps5
Hey gameranx I you commented on the fact that side quest boats exist, buy you have to forgive that. The nature of progressive narrative demands some some old quests. Techland constantly add on to the games so it is quite cheap to attack that. Great video thought
Already had bout 20 ppl cancel the game and 6 ppl return 🤦🏻‍♂️
my review of dying light 2: holy shit if i have to hear aidenbabaiden 1 more god damn time
Boring ass story and amazing gameplay , sounds like this game could be a sequal to Dying Light
getting my money back
Reviews are just opinions in the end. But I agree with you this game is loads of fun. Was a huge fan of the first one so I'm a bit biased but it's everything I expected so far!
Denuvo 3. Enough said. They don't trust me, I sure as hell don't trust them. Don't let this spyware on your computer people!
The Original Dying Light was one of the best games i’ve ever played. Including the following. Co-op makes them even more fun! So to see Dying Light 2 released is amazing. Alsoooo Dropkicking is well… ADDICTING!
wow you really float in this game
Game is glitchy AF. Sunk 8 hours in and it's just not as good overall as the first one.
You are super top tier reviewer! Love your reviews!
i need potato settings. i have a 570x T.T
Can any modders please remove the "zombie timer"? I understand it's supposed to create tension or a sense of urgency, but I really enjoy taking my time and sneaking around. Exploring every nook and cranny. I feel like the zombie timer is going discourage exploration. I don't even know if it will be possible but I would love it if there was a mod which removed the timer
I never liked this game, why all last games releases broken
That looting animation is awful 😞 hope you can turn that off.
Loved the 1st game and  played roughly 150+ hrs for the basegame +DLC. Loved the gameplay over story too and completing the challenges were super fun. Planning on getting the game when local stores gets them
some bugs here and there like in 5:48
The wait was worth it
Game feels good and overall doesn't look too bad but for next-gen title it's questionable.
Before you buy: Horizon forbidden west?
Sometimes it’s not just about hearing about the reviews but who you hear them from and how. It’s why I like these videos their both entertaining and informative
Pause @5mins and I was wondering can you play open world with friend on this game?
Loved the first one, absolute gem. Pre-ordered this one. Only had time to try it real quick, but seemed awesome. Forgot the anxiety inducing feeling of volatiles chasing you lol
Feels like an Assassin's Creed game with zombies, but better
My mom work let me get the game because I showed her the trailer
The parkour looks very bad  compared to the first game ?
It looks pretty cool ...im just burnt out on zombies I can't lol. And I'm starting to have  FPS  fatigue 😩
good god this sounds like you're trying so hard not piss off a sponsor but at the same time trying to hold on to some dignity at the same time. failed at both probably.
can't wait to play this
those mobs have like 1 attack/animation or what? pretty bad looking AI too. world looks cool tho
Review copy -> part of the marketing campaign
From the first game going into the second, my biggest draw was the open world aspect, exploring, looting and overall action. I never had high expectation for the story
Don't buy it. It's unplayable on ps4 pro. All audio cuts out.  Tou fall down an elevator shaft at one point, and you Hear NOTHING and the subtitles don't work during this so you have no idea what happens story wise.
One thing I appreciated about the first game was the lack of healthbars for the zombies. Made it more immersive.
The last game series that had REAL game-changing decisions making points was the Mass Effect trilogy....Andromeda doesn't count
Whenever Jake says "Gotta get back to work" i imagine he's Pizza's out of the back!
After stepping away from my Xbox for a few months due to simple not having the time/energy to play, I found an ad for the Dying light 2 coming out in a few months. I had never heard of the first one (I enjoy video games but I'm by no means a gamer) so I looked it up, bought it and I've been playing for about 3 weeks now. I've gotta say it's one of the most fun games I have for my Xbox, and although I don't have Xbox live to play with other people, I have tons of fun just running around on my own
dissapointed for pvp.
I regret buying this game honestly every quest I do or side mission bugged can’t complete it this game is a joke
Is anyone else having trouble following the story because for me it keeps glitching and muting every MPC as well as flashing subtitles for like half a second before they disappear. I’m liking the game but for god sake it’s currently a glitchy mess. I had better look with assassins creed unity when it came to glitches
Before I buy, can I turn off the health bars on enemies?
I love how during interactions that turn hostile Aidan basically let's everyone get first punch in
formepersonally
“I love cutting off people’s heads! “ 🤣🤣👍🏻great vid man❤️🙌🏻
🤔🤔🤔 too many game this month so I will wait until my backlog is kinda done so I will wait on this one just a little more
Reminds me Assassin's Greed with zombies.  Don't like zombie games that much but this looks like it could be fun.
Day one! Patches,  Unbelievable! What if uve no Internet? You own a broken game!   Come on developers👎
I LOVED Dying Light 1, and I was optimistic about this game. After just a few hours of gameplay,  I hate it. I hate the writing, especially the dialog, and I hate hate hate that Aiden sounds EXACTLY like Kyle Crane and also gets bit at the very beginning. The characters are really obnoxious and make really stupid decisions. Also, I felt really slow for some reason, which for a parkour game, that's a huge problem. I'm upset because I've been waiting for this game for years and it kinda feels like a punch in the gut now that it's out
Dude spot on. I was way burnt out of zombies games but gave Dying Light a chance and fell in love! Buying it on PS5 as soon as I get home! 🤩🤩🤩
The npcs still look like expressionless animatronic puppets.
I can only buy the x/s version but I'm still playing on the one, will it work?
Why do u not mention how different the combat is compared to the fist game
The jump is a little too anti gravity for me, still a great game
It occurs to me that the HUD is kind of a dated-looking mess. - There are too many elements, but even if they're all necessary, they should make some of them disappear. Like the one for the weapons in the bottom-left seems to be always-on and never leaves the screen after switching or whatever. - Not only that, it doesn't look that good or clear. I don't understand why they went with the "illustrated 2D textures" look from ages ago rather than the more "monochrome silhouette/outline" kind of look. If they keep it like this, both visually and in terms of how much it's on-screen, I'll surely be looking for ways to modify it very quickly. - And I'd surely hope that for all the stuff on-screen you'd get the option to set their timing or shut them off somehow. It's really messy and it's WORSE than in something like Ubisoft-games where at least they keep it more subtle or minimalistic.
Is this 100 BC  ? No guns in the world 🤣
That health bar on enemies i hope is removable
Dissapointing they couldnt make the story any good. With a decent story this game would be great. The only real purpose of playing it is for its gameplay. Now that's not bad but for many people they will lack the drive to replay this game like the first dying light.
WTF is a day one patch why is this even a thing? Just release it one day later with everything fixed. I can't be the only one that thinks these are ridiculous!
The game just came out there is bound to be bugs and what not but I bet they will be fixed within the week
So if you could only get one, would it be this or Forbidden West?
just as in dying light 1 90% of ppl just wont go out at night and skipp it ... there is no real incentive to out at night
You hit several points that I wanted to hear and see. With that's said, hard pass on Dying light 2 for me. Thank you!
BEFORE YOU BUY 😬😬😬😬😬😬😬🤤🤤🤤🤤😬😱😬😬😬
I personally like it  It does feel different from the previous game but still I’m enjoying it
I’m just surprised that they finally added hair to the game.
Headlines Read "JAKE BALDINO SAYS HE LIKES CUTTING OFF HEAD!"  🤣🤣🤣🤷‍♂️
zombie health bars? are you shitting me?
I’m loving the game.  Sure it has its flaws but it is so much fun that the flaws don’t seem that bad
I prefer to mostly shoot zombies, not melee them.
This game looks awesome.  If Elden Ring wasn't coming out this month, I'd buy it.  I'm looking forward to a couple thousand hours in that one, so I guess I'll wait and grab this one when it goes on sale.
The first one and the following are some of my favorite games ever
I can’t believe this game won’t be split screen
This guy HAD to of been paid to review this game because holy shit it is way worse than the first one.  All the reviewers had me fooled wtf...
No cross play between xbox and ps not to mention you can't even play with your last gen buddies 🤦‍♂️very disappointing 😑
Same man
So Dying Light 1 with a new map. Cool, gotcha. 🤦‍♂️
POV: You just bought it and watching this while your waiting for it to install.
It’s parkour the game!  I personally find parkour flat out stupid. I did enjoy the first game though.
Its 20 years later lol
I’m just impressed this game can run on my Xbox One on day 1 with no bugs. These days making a game that actually works is an achievement in of itself because gamers expectations are so low despite better technology.
"I love cutting off people's heads"- Jake baldino
Only thing is, the zombie graphics are completely different & look kinda shit
Gameranx is my favourite review channel. Whenever I want to try a game, I always check if Gameranx has a “Before You Buy”. I thoroughly enjoyed Dying Light 1 game play and I’m excited to get more in a new city. I’m glad that this video acknowledges that this game has exactly what I want and expect in the sequel. Picking up my preorder today.
Time to hit the backlog and finally complete Dying Light. Bought it on release and only played it for 10 hours 🤦🏽‍♂️
Great breakdown 👏🏼😎🔥
U did not review it that fast wow 😯
Wow, I didn't know that Lionel Messi was also in the game 7:16
5:52 - You beat him out of existence... 5:57 - Characters don't seem to be phased by drop-offs or actually falling down either. There's a lot of this janky animation-transitioning where there's actually NO transition and it just "snaps" (6:14) into the next animation because of something happening. Wish they had done something about that, cause that's so dated... This is not a Japanese fighting-game or something where that's normal and accepted.
I have no idea why these console games have performance/resolution modes. Resolution mode is always so damn choppy that you can’t even enjoy it
I really want to like the game but after 7 years waiting it feels bland. Like Jake said the story is whatever. We get some fan favorites and others who you really wanted to see are missing. The performance on PC is awful. I have a 4 day old 3060TI and was playing an easy 60fps in the intro. The second I hit the city it went down to 12-18FPS. Which is unplayable. I had to quit after 2 hours in because of how bad the quality is which I hope they'll fix soon but overall it feels like we went backwards. It has some cool moments but the new features and add on really take away from what made the first great
Floaty parkour and running looks exactly like running in minecraft (arms) i love dying light 1 but this one looks meh
Thank you, Jake, for constantly bringing us a genuine opinion of games for so many years. It's always great to hear a dedicated gamer give meaningful reviews like this.
So, DL1 remains the best
I know im not the only one who thinks aiden sounds exactly the same as crane
THIS👏GAME👏LOOKS👏FUCKING👏SICK!!!!!! Camt wait to get my hands on this ive been craving more dieing light great vid bro def got me hyped to play this
It looks awesome. Despite its issues, it looks like more Dying Light to me. I absolutely love the first game (I actually need to go back and finish it, I think I had an hour or 2 left and just kinda drifted to another game)  I'm definitely gonna pick this one up, but probably when it goes on sale because my backlog is kinda ridiculous and I need to play more games. Also I just bought Legends Arceus and got the Elden Ring Collector's Edition too so my wallet needs a break.
Looks like you're on the moon when you jump
I came across Dying Light fairly recently and currently I'm still in the process of finishing up the first game and it's awesome! The story in it is not something too special in the sense that it is kinda predictable but this doesn't really bother me. Maybe the most annoying thing to me is the performance issues on laptops... After trying a bunch of things, I finally managed to get a playable framerates but I still have some FPS drops for no particular reason. I've heard that the PC version of DL2 has some performance issues as well but I really hope they'll be able to patch this (haven't tried it myself since I want to finish the first one).  From what I saw from DL2 up until now, this looks like a solid successor and looks like they improved the first game in a very sensible and natural way. When I unlocked the grappling hook in the first game it almost felt like cheating - it really gives you a lot of freedom, however, it can sometimes be a little janky when for whatever reason your character doesn't grab the ledge and you end up killing yourself. In DL 2 this looks a lot smoother and better implemented and I can't wait to try it myself.  Overall: I think this'll be a great game! As of the bugs and glitches... they might be annoying but I don't think they'll be here long. And lets be honest... we can't expect everything to be perfect from day one anymore... the games are so complex nowadays, massive maps etc. you can't really test everything out in a reasonable amount of time.
I have to stop buying games before watch this channel
PS4 AND PS5 FRIENDS CANT PLAY TOGETHER . JOKE GAME,  SAVE YOUR MONEY
Between this and the IGN video review, it looks like my friends and I won't be buying until some of these more major bugs are fixed. Had a friend lose his entire save file on PS5 because of a neverending loading screen.
I liked the first one. But I probably won't buy the second one. Looks cool, but I prefer something like another Witcher 3.
While I do appreciate it not being Cyberpunk glitchey, I'm still not going to buy it day one.  I'll probably get it in a couple of months when multiple patches have been added and more content.
yeah story on the first one wasn't too strong either, these games are mostly for the fun gameplay and progression
One more zombie game!!!!!! OMG when its this going to stop !!!
i was nervous before watching the video!  because gameranx has steered me clear from a few games that i was interested in (for good reasons).  i'm pleased that this game is recommended by gameranx.  i truly loved the first one.
Loved the first game. Getting the deluxe edition on series x next Wednesday. I will play my backlog until then
While I do like the new mechanics in Dying Light 2, I think the first game will stay my personal favorite
I own a ps5 and this performance mode/fidelity mode thing is making me wonder if the ps5 can really handle both high end gfx and fps or if we have been lied to?
What graphics setting you use? I'm on ps5 with a benq 4k HDR monitor and the game just looks awful
The co op still dosent work 24 hours after release
Has anyone who's played this feel this is a step forward since dying light 1? Really hope they lean into some dope DLC content!
Got the Dying light 2 trailer as a preroll
Factions and bright colors, sounds like Fallout 4.  Honestly takes away from the hopelessness of the first one.  Honestly all we needed was more of the first installment.
I enjoyed the first Dying Light. Ill pick this one up when its 30 bucks.
Probably gonna wait for a sale. Didn’t beat the following dlc so I might go back and do that
I didn’t finish Dying Light. Should I beat that before playing DL2?
What about play on PS 4 ? Many many people aren’t able to get a PS 5 still, I’ve been trying for  over a year
Weapon durability...
Tf is that search animation
I just want to say I love the consistency so much. I always go to you before I buy a video game. I always say I bet there is a “before you buy” for this game. Thank you. You always touch everything I want to know about the games. Huge fan of dying light 1 by the way.
id buy it on sale for maybe 20-25 bucks
Looks cool. Will wait for Gamepass
There isn't anything you can say that'll keep me from buying this game.
Sounds like a wait for a sale to me
Can’t lie, this game type wack lol. I should have know when I saw it didn’t have guns. I played part one & didn’t like it. Well ima still finish the game 🤷🏽‍♂️😂😂
I loved the 1st game untill one point i had to get rid of my weapons for weight smd went to next chapter to fall into a pit full of zombies with no weapons.. was so mad i said id never play a dying ligjt game again. . Well see.. i might
Finally watched one of these vids on day one
"Before you buy!" *buys exactly 16 hours prior*
About to go buy it in a few hours but I ALWAYS have to watch the Before You Buy
I feel like the combat probably gets old.
NGL dying light 1 is just better in my opinion
I like looting, i'm in.
I'm trying to figure out if any of the places shown in this video were in the 1st game  lol
How are you not going to mention that going out at night puts you on a very short timer before you have to go back to a base essentially? That's a big oversight.
The story is so good on how it branches off & effects the environment!  It’s like a fast paced fallout game.
Before you turn gei
Single player?
Thanks for the review think I'll save my money
Well, I would love to make my opinion on the game but my Xbox Copy from the CE didn't even start due to update and patch issues...So, as I am quite disappointed and done with pre ordering games for ever from now on, I simply returned it to Amazon, waiting for a Deep Sale now...
I swear at this point we’ve had so much zombie media I know this is a sign of what’s to come
Loved it I avoided going out at night and managed to beat the first game without getting one shotted by the the special infected that come out at night it wasn’t until my second play through that I discovered just how difficult the night enemies could be on dying light one
Games fun and all but the fact u can’t play with older consoles is an actual let down I just don’t understand how they thought it would be a good idea to do that :(
why does the game looks so deserted
Let us dropkick and parkour until Elden Ring release, shall we?
Finished first game 2 or 3 times, did everythin what was possible in it.
I’m surprised there doesn’t seem to be guns in the sequel?
I just started playing and I gotta say I'm disappointed that they didn't keep the original formula I thought they would have kept it like that cause it was fantastic how it was, not a fan of the limited stamina bar for climbing I thought that was unnecessary. Another thing that really bothered me was that they took away the original skill tree and all the other abilities and benefits it came with it, other then that imma play it but first impressions so far weren't the greatest i believe they really should have kept it how it was and just focus on the story cause I really really loved the first one I replayed it 5 to 6 times and was hyped just for a continuation of that gem of a game.
Does anyone know how well it preforms on on a PS4?
Great. I am playing it right now!!!
I will skip this one until they remove Denuvo from the pc version. Not dealing with that crap again.....
From what i've played so far some of the parkour skills are very anti-gravity, especially some of the later ones
I'm sorry to say but Dying Light 2 is a 7 out of 10 or a 6 out of 10 like I found so many annoying bugs and when you turn up the brightness of the game it looks awful and another problem is the dialogue sequence when you're doing sidequest they don't talk to you not even a text board shows to you at all so you don't know what to do but just go along with the two choices they give you in the in the side quest and another bug is that a lot of times I see every NPC looking Grey before adjusting to look normal again and when you look on rooftops at zombies it looks so blurry I say Dying Light the first game is a lot better at a lot of visuals that Dying Light 2 does not have and it should have we've been waiting for Dying Light 2 to for a long time and I see this I'm just like what is this bull shit man andrographis should look a lot better but they don't it looks so downgraded and the lighting and the game is awful you have to make it darker for it to look good I'm just saying from my experience playing it what a waste of $100😂
This is the quickest I ever seen a review
I came here because gameranx don't filter the Truth
After playing for an hour.. the intro was fairly stale.. beautiful to look at but gameplay is very slow at the start, events are heavily scripted.  Overall its been good, not amazing nor bad.  Cannot wait to see what lies ahead.
I saw a lot of people saying it was boring and nothing like the first one so I cancelled my pre order
this game is such a fucking disappointment holy shit
I already bought my copy (PC version). The PC bugs are few and far between. I haven't even experienced any game crashes so far.   If you love the first Dying Light, DL2 should still be good time. I just started and I already couldn't put the game down.I've already burned a lot of gaming time just from the side quests and random encounters.  The game is so deep.
I've been waiting for so LONG
Would you say this game is better than first one?
"I love cutting off people's heads." --Jake Baldino
yawn
The looting everything by just placing your hands in the air 10/10
I was gunna buy this game but after this video I’ll wait until it’s on sale
I am gonna buy it on my birthday but do I wait for the bugs to  be cleared?
Sounds like I’ll be getting this one on my Xbox rather than PS5!
rename to "Dying light 2 - While your installing.."
"Before you buy..." Me who pre-purchased the games: yes.
Is it just me or does the MC look like he kinda floats down and jumps in a way like you would on a planet with less gravity. It's almost like he doesn't look "heavy" enough if that makes sense, but kinda light and floaty when leaping or falling. Maybe that's just how a parkour expert moves? 🤔
Another while you wait for it to download review! 🤟🏻
You know what would make this game better??   BATTLE ROYALE!
Is it going to be pay to win?
I hope they make a car sim like in the following dlc for dying light, rip crane
This looks bad tbh… OG dying light has better graphics, physics and animations not to speak on general immersion.. I don’t think I’ve ever waited this long for a game not to even buy it or give it a chance. I’m just really disappointed rn and I know a lot of people worked long and hard on this props to them but I’m sorry that’s how it’s been making me feel for months and this all just confirmed everything I was worried about..sorry techland team.
Just Baught it now It is good
Nice...I'll check it out in the summer or fall when its on sale and has bug fixes
Probably going to wait to buy when the price drops a bit played the first one and thought it was loads of fun
Is there like a explanation to why firearms don't exist in the game...?
I need to check this game out.
If I just buy the normal version would I miss a lot of content instead of buying the deluxe one? Cause I'm a student and I can only afford the normal one so I just want to know if it will be different.
They want 90 fucking dollars for the basic version of the game no thanks I'll wait till it goes on sale
Before you buy don’t.
this game has broken physics tho
Gameranx - Before you buy... Me - ...I need money. Yeah, yeah I know that, ok!
I was hoping for a little more. It looks very similar from the last one
A floor is lava mode would be hella fun wouldn't it bois?
I’m so happy they kept the drop kick and made it more powerful 😂
Dying Light has been my favorite zombie game since it came out, I use to run it on a medium-range gaming PC but performance wasn't very good, now that I have a PS5 I'm expecting a huge improvement on this sequel's playability, can't wait!
Spike is in dying light 2
★They could have ditched “Dude Where’s my Sister” Sh*t and made it into a more serious tone elsewhere. But imagine the main character a Africa American for once and had him voiced / styled to will smith ★ or Micheal b Jordan ★...the SELLS would of been massive just off these names aidens not bad but get a new vibe. Nice game so far
Don't buy it, it has killer combo of Denuvo and not being able to change texture quality. It works like ass on 1070 and even better cards. It also has very scripted 2 hour long prologue so you can't judge performance and have a chance to refund.
3:36 “especially if your playing on hard.”  … pause o.O
Gameranx: "be aware before you buy"  Youtube: *puts Dying Light 2 ads*  Me: You son of a bitch, I'm in
Maybe GOTY
Theres no before you buy, games awesome. yes the epilougue is too long to get access to play with friends but the games friggan awesome
Played for a couple hours on ps5 last night and it's not bad so far. I just wish they could've added an option to play at 4k resolution above 30fps because the resolution mode just feels too sluggish for me. It sucks having to give up some of the nicer graphics for a smooth 60fps experience.
Does this have any sort of Co Op mode?
This is why we shouldn’t complain about games getting delayed.
I'm surprised nobody is talking about how weightless the combat looks compared the first, the impacts of the weapons in the first were incredible. This feels more like you're just doing an animation and it's happening to go near the guy.
Thanks for talking about the bugs n optimization. Definitely letting this one get some updates, before I maybe decide to dig in
almost like rust
the game would be better if it was online and you could join clans talk to people in real time because i feel the four player co-op is a bit weak
In the bazaar, there's a missing people wall, on the left of the door with missing people posters are multiple dying light 1 characters,  The ones i found are, brecken, lena, alfie ( main game ) and ezgi ( the following dlc )
the first time i actually watched this BEFORE I BUY..
Dying Light is a gem, I love the open world & dark eerie nights. I still play the first one and hop onto random servers to drop off loot/ammo/weapons for newbies ect. I’m kinda upset that this inclement weather here in TX got our local GS closed 😩😭 hopefully I can pick up my pre order soon. Until then I’m watching your videos and enjoying every second.
I enjoy those repetitive side quests in most games. In the far cry games, there’s nothing as fun as diving straight into an outpost, underpowered or overpowered. I love the side quests that are always the same, I just enjoy them, I don’t know why.
I see what people mean by saying the parkour system is not that nice. I like the more realistic game by jumping regularly and here it seems that your character automatically can jump 3 meter or fly further because you just can.  I think it looks like jumping with a jet pack trooper in Star Wars battlefront, if you press space bar twice so you get a small boost from the jet pack.
Damnnnnn the dropkick lulz 🔥
Hey dude sorry to ask what happened to falcon ?
What would make these kinds of games so much better is if all the dialogue was given to you over a radio. Any time an action game stops being an action game is bad. Nobody plays this for the story. We play to (drop) kick zombie butt!
Can’t wait for the Torrent sites to get this one 😈 jk.
The bottom left part of the hud is very FromSoftware. 😝
Looks generic and boring.
Why do playstations even exist? Steam has GOW now lol
3h in and dissapointed so far, 1st game was so good, here tho, you bearly parcore, crafting system in 3h basically nonexistant... skill tree look dull af.. damn waited so long for this.. idk what to feeeeel
Multiplayer?
I'd pre ordered this game already so I'd bought it anyways lol. And after spending a few hours on it sofar I absolutely love it :D.
Im a dying light fanboy nut cmooooon guys. 30 fps on ps5? 60 with performance right. But i cant get 4k , only with 30fps? And ray tracing too? These guys must be kidding
Will this one have multiplayer? If it does I think that would just be really cool and add to the gameplay. Especially at night.
I've played for about 10 hour and so far, I really like the story. Also the voice acting has been great so far.
I’m gonna wait a few months until everything in the game works.
anyone else feel like DL2 Forces you out at night without actually improving the night time experience at all?
Night time zombies are the only reason I'm playing it
TOO LATE
Why the hell is the video only in 720p
This looks ridiculous. It’s looks horrible. 😂🤣😂. Why does it look like he’s grabbing air!?? Lol!
I don’t really feel any attraction to this game, the first game seems way better and more attractive, the only thing this game seems like it did better was the combat.
I pre ordered this and I haven’t even played it yet and tbh I’m already dreading it
The slow jumping and landing makes it seem as if for some reason the gravity is non existent in this game wtf you jump like your under water or something
It appears as though quest structure in every game like this is starting to get stale.  Someone needs to innovate in that regard quite badly imo.  And these types of games need changes to the game world based on choices so that the player feels as though they've had an impact.
The games not even out till today why are you doing a before you buy before it’s even released?
Why didn't you mention the multiplayer at all? Can I still terrorize players as the zombie?! I must know!!
Title should be "Dying Light 2 Before you download in a crappy free website"
The way he cut that dudes arm off was so clean!
Hi Guys, I can't find anywhere a definitive answer to local co-op and if its available in this game? I wanna buy it but really only if I can play it with the missus haha
thanks, it's reassuring to know that it's as half baked and janky as i expected :>  another hype train crash :D
why cant you outright say "game not good however i liked" it would be a little more transparent people can still look into it and like the idea but lets b real game not good lol (i have not played just judging off what im herring)
This team loves their games and fans so they'll keep taking care of the game after launch for a long time expect to get more content and better experience as time goes on like the first game
5:49 thats a bug right there
Dying Light 2 feels really janky compared tp the first one in my opinion
What are some games with really good decision mechanics you said do better?
POLSKA GÓRĄ
i miss crane :,(
Gunna wait a week till this game  fix’s the bugs even thought small problem just want to enjoy this from the beginning as Bug free as possible cause it looks so good and just like someone else   Said this game is probably goin to have a lot of in game support after game launch  cause the last game had like 400 hours of stuff to do after the main game - following and more - dying light 1 age extremely well - I expect this game to do the same and was  more  just worried bout the bug but this happened when the first was released also,  and that game was amazing in the end, overall .
Nah. The overall setting is disappointing. Not my time. Bye
POLSKA GÓRĄ
The only thing i don't like about this game, is the first person parkour. Feels really janky to me. Don't get me wrong, it's not specific to this game, i feel the same about the first Dying Light, Mirros's Edge games and some other ones that have similar first person mechanics. Other than that, the game looks fine, and i like the premise. I just can't get over the first person platforming. Always felt unnatural.
I love your Before You Buy videos. Honest, straightforward, and to the point reviews that don't lean too much either way. I always feel more confident in a title once I've seen it on your channel. About this one, hoping that they add a bunch of DLC (like with the 1st game), and that it helps with the 'empty' feeling you were getting from the huge world
I will not buy it .. it is in the game pass
Usually games that have short Cummings, I usually fix it by adding mods to the game.
Thanks ! I got first one on your recommendation... Enjoyed it at first but not sure I finished it as got a bit boring in I think the third zone? This sounds the same so maybe a pass despite keen on the hype bandwagon ! I still have dlc for number 1!
Never been into zombie games, but this looks like just cause plus zombie apocalypse so that’s neat
1:18 Now, in Dying Light 2 you are Aiden watch dogs fans be like: SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
Never played the first one. What me and my husband will do is play together online. Have you tried it already? Like actually play with someone online? Is it good? Laggy?
Denovo being implemented just days before the launch of the game was a big no-no lol.
Worth a Buy? No.
This video shows a really goog first impression to the game. I played the first one and didn`t know how the second one will turn out to be. But I think it`s a very good continuation.
No talk about the coop, the main selling point for first installment to me! Is it still there
I just got a 20 minute add.
I'm still waiting for the game which can beat WITCHER 3 in term of story telling, gameplay and most importantly choices in game which can greatly affect story and the world around in the game. I had high hopes for Dying light 2 but after seen many reviews i don't thing this game will ever come close to witcher 3. I hope one day there will be a game which can surpass witcher 3.
The gameplay looks like it’s missing weight
Fingers crossed for a Be the Zombie mode soon! 🤞
Thx for your review, helped a lot
CO-OP?
I've played 6 hours so far and its a good game. I think this may have been a bit critical
Just started playing the game.... one of my favorite games that have came out recently. So much to do and explore. Not to mention it’s super fun just bashing the shit out of zombies.
bought it, played an hour, refunded. This sucks, I have waited 7 yeas for this.
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I have an i9-9900k +2070 extreme + 32 gigs of ram + ssd and i cannot get 60 fps at low settings (most i got were 57)., The devs screwed us with the denuvo implementation 3 days prior to lanch. Do not buy this game unless you have a beast of a gaming computer.
Omg the wait is over can't wait to buy
Can't wait to platinum just driving to the store to get my copy.
I preordered the game i find it great but some bugs are very annoying mostly sound problems like the sound and video not matching or sound just disapearing but after you fix it it doesnt appear for a while so its nice
Denovo DRM implemented just days before launch.
Never thought I'd say this, but Dying Light 1 is way better.
Just finished the prologue, and now exploring Villedor. Game is amazing, state of the art lighting. Immersion could not get better! 9/10
I never really played dying light first one as much but this one seems amazing far from it I love my zombie games
It seems good so far played like hour of it
I can't really play it when my specs are the minimum specs of the game.
For anyone wondering  save your money!  the game is complete trash definitely wait until it's on a low sale avoid buying it at full price the game sucks
Thanks for the review,I'm gonna buy shrooms for 60$ and call it a day.
"I like cutting off people's heads"  FBI- "hmm interesting"
Craaneee 😭
Big, essentially empty, buggy sandbox.
i played the first game before i bought this. seems to be that its just more of the same but a bit better. works for me. love it.
The world looks so peaceful 15 years later
This is sounding very similar to dying light 1, bland story but incredible gameplay loop. I'll probably pick this one up after my next paycheck.
Why are they always called Aiden or some variation lf that?
So i am supposed to pay for new gen console only to play games in performance mode ? 1 year into the new gen and we already compromising our experience cause games are too heavy? hmm.   And dont tell me its a a matter of optimization, Sony has a say in this too...
I remember when I was a kid playing Dying Light 1 the revelation of having a zombie that could follow you around the city and do parkour was absolutely terrifying. Something that will frame Dying Light as a series to me forever.
And that's why I like watching your before you buy videos, impartial and they just don't dump on a game for the sake of it. In today's world if stuff isn't perfect, the day one troll brigade aim to bring it down. Give it and yourselves a chance. It's a videogame after all designed to entertain and give you joy. For me this looks a lot of fun and the gameplay shown shows its to be decently fluid which to me looks like a great technical achievement given the size and complexity of the game world. Keep up these great videos 👍
It’s half baked and runs like shit on pc. Stutter and shader compilation judder. Got 2 CTD In first 90 minutes. If you get 5 then Denuvo locks you from game for 24 hours. The story was uninteresting. The world has allot of bugs and weird stuff like banding of items in the distance when you look around. Bad texture lod in distance with zombies frozen/t posing. I refunded while I had the chance. Will pick it up maybe in a few years when denuvo removed and it’s been patched
A million views in a day, wow.
For me I just feel like when I turn the camera gets too blurry. I have a Ps5 on performance mode. I wish that was a little better and also the jumping feels very very floaty and not as smooth as the first game. Hopefully this will be remedied as I play more.
Multiplayer being limited to only 4 people is a huge let down especially for a game that is 60 euros. The concept seems good and a lot of fun with some friends but having to split into several smaller groups makes it all a bit lackluster.  Hard pass for now.
I'm not gonna lie, the combat and parkour looks kind of weird.. Am I the only one? I feel like it feels unpolished and just doesn't looks satisfying.
Imagine having one of the best and most satisfying movement and combat systems but being unable to back it up with superb story writing and proper character development xd. I’ll probably get the game but just a lil disappointed
trash.... :/
the dev choice for not putting any firearms in this game is saddening me, but still dying light 2 is a fun game
i’m on the fence on if i should get it y’all got any opinions?
Ngl the parkour feels off and the game is really choppy when doing any action, decent story so far but the combat and the parkour and the gameplay in general are flawed, so In total- runs okay ig, story good, gameplay bad, graphics great
I have a 1060. Will it run decently? 🤔
Is there aptic feedback and adaptiv triggers ? Ps5
This is the actual review, doesn't offense the devs of the game at all.  Rather than IG* using a score that sucks, and offended the devs with their scoring of some games.
This game has trash story shit mechanics I literally played 2 hours of the story and it's super boring and the Combat is annoying and shit and so is the parkour is shit as well please don't buy
My problem with the whole your decisions matter is that they don’t or they are very minimal I think they need to stop advertising games with this
Wow, this video is doing very well. Good work
I always love your before you buy videos.  Thank you for this one, I just bought Dying Light 2 while I was watching :)   It looks great, and all the things you talked about that  you like are the same things I enjoy.
Dying light 1 > Dying light 2
5:50 lol
Xray ... im out
I just impulsively bought the game and NOW I’m watching this. Good timing
Im for sure buying this game looks amazing
I had been waiting along time on this game since they did such an amazing job with the first game. Been playing DL2 just over an hour now on ps5 an I’m not impressed all. How did the graphics get so bad? The people look awful compared to first game. There movement is terrable not realistic the story the textures man i can go on an on. How sway, how?
Please, dear Jake. Address elephant in a room. Denuvo DRM.
Me, watching this video without any console T_T
Ouch, sub 30fps in any fps game is bad..
oh god it looks worst then the first one as far as physics lmao
I feel like the gore and mechanics downgraded from the first but the graphics are decent.
Y’all should do a top 10-20 player progression/ skill tree games !!!
Frankly...  Your job is play in advance a video game.. good for you. BUT... but playing a game "day one" is a waste of time.  WAIT A LEAST 5 / 6 MONTHS after TONS of patches, as usual.... it's the case here... Is it the fault of programmer or.... the Marketing director ?? I will never know .... But it's really  boring from the player point of view. On the plus side : if you wait as a good "patient gamer", most of the time you will analyse the game out of the "day one" context.. and most of the time , the game will not  "re invent the wheel"...
I bought this on steam, can I play with my PS5 friends?
Yeah but see the first game was fun because of the lil wonkyness it had too it so I'm fine with that but I am disappointed that the story isnt as fleshed out cause people really liked the first one cause the story wasnt bad it was funky at times but people liked the characters I was hoping this one would do that too but Ethier way I'm still gonna play it cause the first one holds a special place in my heart I can still remember seeing the run boy run trailer and getting hyped
Graphics are so bad. Looks so arcadey. I started playing it last night. I thought they’d of moved on graphics wise from the first one.
I've seen a review of Dying Light 2 yesterday saying that the graphics were really bad and stuff, to be honest I don't know on what they tested the game, it looks pretty amazing and complete to me, sure it's never perfect but if this is not good looking for them, I don't know what it takes to satisfy these guys lol, I can't wait to play it!!
The running and looting hand animations are goofy as all hell. Other than that I’m enjoying it so far. But it’s certainly nothing to go wild about.
before you buy: it has Denuvo anti piracy software which is infamous for ruining performance
Graphics sucks compare to trailers of Diying light 2 before release.
Just played it the story is boring as shit and the menus look like something out of darksouls. Doesn’t have the same feel as the first one very disappointed I wish I didn’t spend 100 dollars on this dogshit
Performance mode is just for better frames, resolution for 4K and quality mode for ray tracing
its not my type of game but its fine
What a stupid game.
all of this gore and then you wonder why there are all of those mass shootings
I know a lot of people likes POV (first person view) but I really wish they would give option for third person. I feel kind of claustrophobic and nauseated while playing in first person view.
Sounds like the chime ad says "FEE FEE"
DL2 in a nutshell: mirror's edge gameplay based in TLoU's Word!    Aman!
Think people Are getting a bit too far Ahead of themselves😅 for how long it took to come out it looks like a copy and paste, gravity seems different too, everyone forgetting the state they’re releasing games these days, I haven’t brought a game since cyberpunk! Stop giving them money they don’t deserve.
so, I never played the first game, but because of the hype I was thinking of getting this game. I'm happy I watched this cuz I'm the type of person who likes to rock out on medium difficulty but get really into the story (if its good) and completing as much of the game as I can. I think I can hold off on buying it until the price drops by at least half. there are very few games that I buy when they drop, and I guess this won't be one of them. Thanks for the video, really appreciate what you guys do
Your reviews here and on your other channel have become my go to gaming info on YouTube. Love your general love of gaming and enjoy your gaming analysis. Keep it up.
the frame rate is Ass on the PS5
game looks boring like generic zombie bullshit ripped off of other games lol they fucked it up
I wish they would get rid of the zombies health bar. Looks shit.
Gona wait for Angry Joe review and wait for all those bug fixes they will do then considering buying it with my friends ;d I want full unbuggy experience xd heh
Game looks boring , yet another disappointment for next gen games
Game's amazing. Not perfect but really really good
Can a series s play with a xbox one
Holy shit, I just realized I got the first Dying Light as a giveaway code from you Jake. There were so few ppl subscribed that I won it and now look at you and the channel!!
Dying light was never a story driven game. The game play stands on its own.
I played the first game so much that the main areas really felt memorable, I hope this game makes me feel the same way and pulls me in. I'm deeply concerned about their focus on narrative when the writing and characterization might not hold up. The first game's story may have been predictable but at least it focused heavily on its characters. There's so many new characters in this game it just keeps switching you from person to person
I think I'm gonna wait a good while before getting dying light 2. I also don't have a ps5 so there's that, but I still like to wait a while for games to have a few updates and bug fixes before I actually get it
This one is a disappointment.
This game feels like Ubisoft had layoffs and Techland decided to hire the strays and have them make the new dying light sequel.   One of the 2 things that made the original game fun (Combat) has been downgraded to the point where it feels like they outsourced development to a random studio in china. Doesn’t even feel like a survivor horror game anymore but like a boring action rpg. Pretty disappointed overall.  Parkour, graphics, and art direction still seems poggers at least.
Here's some honesty... The zombies manage to look way fake compared to dl1 and the and the combat is way less connective. Also, my flashlight isn't working.
I loved the first game and im curious on trying this one. we'll see as reviews come out upon release
idk why i thought this and Elden ring where supposed to be on gamepass :(
I’m still going to get this game been waiting on it forever after I played the first one I’ve been reading a lot of negative reviews on it but I rather play it for myself to decide!
I wish game devs would actually consult you on some of these big picture issues with games. Maybe assist with DLC development for this game. Missed op to not use you…
A lil nitpick for me, the running animation looks so off in 1st person. Arm swinging just looks weird, does that motion when you're light jogging too
played through Dying Light with a friend in co-op, had a blast just messing around and exploring, liking forward to doing some more of that
loved the first dying light, the review doesn't sound super convincing especially since they decided to remove guns for the sequel but it still sounds very tempting.
How does co-op campaign work for this game?
should add about denuvo, since someone totally will not buying just because of this..
I've been enjoying the game 4 hours in, how the colours I'm not to fond of. Gonna experiment with shaders
Ahh crap I'm not liking the sound of this I am downloading it now to. I hope I like it
One thing I need an answer to, does the game have artificial difficulty? The first game had some of the WORST artificial difficulty
What ive learned from European games is that theyre often big and ambitious but buggy. The greatest successfull example is Witcher 3. And ironically from the same devs Cyberpunk is one of the worst. (Though I hear its actually somewhat decent now. Waiting for a sale.) Other honorable mentions are Kingdom Come and Stalker.
"Glad" to see Dying Light writing is still Dying Light writing.
i loved everything about the first one i only wished they added more tricks to their parkour and it looks like they did in this one definetly will be buying.  By the way all you guys at Gameranx give your honest opinion about games it feels like im talking about it with a friend and i really appreciate that
Movement looks so bad. Feels like you are floating around with messed up gravity
How good its it 1-10
Idk the combat was just really lame for me. Way too arcadish. I was more a fan of the first game.
The Xbox store says the game is unavailable
The only thing stopping me from buying this is the fact that there isn't cross play. I'm on PC and my wife is on Series x and we played countless hours on the original Dying Light when we both had Xbox ones. I really hope the implement cross play in the future.
Lol ah well glad didn't buy it
Dying Light? With less zombies? So its more like running around San Francisco, drop kicking homeless crack heads!! Great job guys!! Oh, night time, scary... The first game was great!! Just move on!!
I have the game on ps5 and I have motion blur “on”. This video seems like it doesn’t. How do I do that if I even can….. ( maybe should have gotten the game on my pc )
The hands look extremely weird while running.
Does it have multiplayer?
I saw this advertisement three months ago, and was compelled to try the first game. I got hooked immediately. Ever since I beat it, I've been waking up and counting down the day till I could buy the second installment. This was very useful. Thanks.
6:25 what the guy doing over at the corner
the actual review won’t come in till they fix the game as always
Never played the first one, which one is a better play, 1 or 2??
How about.. not buying it?
Looks like yet another underwhelming game. So much for the delay on this game. Pathetic.
Dying Light 2 - Before You Buy:   Don't buy it, it's terrible.
it looks so cartoony and colourful, personally i fish they stuck with am more gritty, dark vibe and colours. and the annimation are kinda janky looking.
Game is super puper
You are playing on ps5 right?? I’m just wondering if your quality and resolution settings seem unplayable like they are on series x.
Jake - your voice is ANNOYING.
Does anyone know if It has cross play with PlayStation or pc
Imma play this game on easy peasy. Can’t afford to spend much time on it but still willing to since I loved the first one.
Context 😏
They made the tutorial 2 hours long so you wouldn't be able to refund it afterwards on Steam LOL!
A ton of bugs or glitches will be fixed especially game breaking ones techland gave so much TLC to dying light 1 i have confidence they will fix any thing with time.
"No spoilers", immediately says spoilers
I'll buy it, but not as a preorder. I will wait for a bit after release however. I loved the 1st one.
me and my boys eating lunch while watching before you buy
Hey bruh why don't you do walkthrough, walkthrough plus your sense of humour would be dope
I think im gonna pick it up in all honesty. I loved dying light 1. I loved it and I had some great moments with it the zombie killing and combat was always fun. im really looking forward to an improved parkour and combat system.
This game seems like the perfect "wait for three months and buy for probably $30" game. Definitely hearing about the bugs/tech issues, and even with a day 1 patch, they're not going to get everything, so between that and the underwhelming story, giving it some more time to cook and also grabbing it on sale seems to be the way to go. Not to mention that I'm grabbing Elden Ring at the end of the month and will also hopefully have a Steam Deck then too or in March (Q1 gang, baby), which I'm sure will get me back into some games I already have on PC that I haven't played much of, so I'm pretty set for gaming for the next couple of months anyway.
Please tell me those terrible health bars can be turned off
"I like cutting people's head" -Jake. Meanwhile FBI agent assigned to Jake "👀".
Maybe it’s me but it seems the night isn’t as dark. There are a lot of factors tho it might just be this footage but the first one was actually dark at night. Couldn’t see outside the scope of your flashlight.
Thank you, I will wait for the bugs to get fixed first before buying.
I never thought i would ever buy a console for a game.... But here we are
The game is not even out how can you even put out a before you buy
CONSOLE OWNERS WARNING ⚠️  THIS GAME ISNT THAT GREAT ON NEXT GEN CONSOLES .. 1080 60 LOOKS UGLY AND 4K 30 FPS IS A JOKE .. NO HDR SUPPORT OR FOV SLIDER .. NO MOTION BLUR DISABLE
What broke it for me in the first one was that the story was so weak it broke immersion and it just took away the reasoning for what we are doing. Also at the beginning it can feel really bad when you break 3 items bashing a zombie. Not to mention the ending  with just a qte. It was an ok game for me and my friends but never to the legendary status some other people gave it. A bit sad the story sounds like it was treated the same in 2
Looks like shit by just looking at you’re game play
I dont like how zombies have a health bar now
Destroy my computer: The Game
Aiden voice actor sounds exactly like crane from the first game. Coincidence?
This month gonna be crazy. I have dying light to play. Hopefully I’ll finish it before horizon forbidden west. Then I gotta try to finish that before Elden Ring lol
Sounds incredible standard. Besides the old night time thing still being here. I'm very tired of these open worlds, only fun that exists in these games are the community made things through modding.
Jake, these before you buy videos really hit home. I've yet to play a game i can't agree with you at least 99%. Off topic but i think you should know that bud 🤷🏻‍♂️. Does anyone know if this dying light has online co-op? That was a major pro for me for part 1
Basically Fallout with parkour but without power armor and Deathclaws… gotcha
The fact that this comment section is filled with paragraphs of objective criticism and accolades from fans of this game series goes to show the level of quality and success. I played it first on ps4 and had endless memories with my friend, and even rebought the platinum edition on pc. Cant wait to play this.
Spewing I was excited for the world to change around me due to my decisions I thought I could become a bad guy and take over the city for the bad factions but I guess not
i don’t like the infected mechanic where u have to retreat to the UV rays. and now i don’t wanna get it
OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA OOGA  ITS HERE
Just got it 2 hours before it’s released on ps5 lol
Whoever is reading this I hope your gaming is fun and your day is great !!
The first Dying Light story was so meh too. So many dorky character names and plots. Just saying Antizin and Rais make my friends laugh. I see a lot of peoples criticisms on the story and wonder what they expected.
Before you buy watch this subjective review
Well I am buying it now. I didn't because of the delays and so on (I loved the first one) so yes this is what I was hoping for 😁
Sounds exactly like the first game
Parkour enthusiasts recognize Hakon as David Belle, parkour pioneer and actor which is pretty awesome
weird DLC you're reviewing bro
Trash game
DL 1 was poorly optimised for pc , like gta 4 or something
Just watching this I just know my 1060 gonna blowup
Do I need to start in dying light 1 for the story?
No guns bright colors and well-lit nights make this lame
It honestly doesnt look as good as Dying Light OG.  More of the same, just larger. Which would be more aimless wandering.
I truly hated Dying Light. I actually throw the game away. Days Gone and State of Decay were a lot more fun to play.
Damn. Wanted to buy it, guess I won't though.
There's a direct comparison video someone uploaded which shows the game as it was shown to us, and then how it is on release.  The Dying Light 2 that we thought we were getting was a fking lie.
This game would be awesome in psvr! We need a psvr conversion so bad.
My Reviews:  The flashlight doesn't cast shadows on PC xDDDDDDDDDDDD
I see big trees on roof tops without ROOTS...
Dying light’s big feature was gameplay, not the story so I expect the story to be decent but the gameplay to feel smooth. That’s what will keep you playing a game years after it’s release.
Never seen your videos before but this is absolutely perfect for a review
So when you talk about how you just want to get back to the action sounds like you need ADHD medication bro.
I've only gotten platinum trophies on two games in my life.  One of them is the first dying light. They have my trust as a studio. It's a shame this launch isn't getting that much coverage.
Just got Dying Light 2 and I'm not a fan of the combat psychics. The weapons don't have the weight like the first game
The only thing that really bothers me are the trees on the rooftops 🤦🏻‍♂️….. not realistic
Ofcourse it isn't free great now I can't play a new game gotta find a different game
First game 100000000000000000/10 dl2 is a 111/10
Oh man the art direction is nice. Looks colorful and pretty (which was my only complaint about the first one).
I loved the first Dying Light and beat it 100%, i loved the characters and the story even if it was a little predictable i enjoyed the twists and am sad to hear the story and dialogue isn’t too good in this one, i have yet to play myself tho!!!
Nah this game is too generic and casual. Shit combat
I remember playing the first game during the spring years ago. Crisp fresh air coming through my open bedroom window, playing loud music. A much simpler time in life, I look forward to recreating that with this new game this spring.
To this day these are the only review videos I'll watch. No bullshit, straight to the review and with no bias with everything (so far) that I've seen in a review be the case in the actual game
when he did a dropkick at 2:18 i went 🍦
I'm really interested in trying out the new Dying Light game, personally despite the age of the original Dying light. It's by far the most fluid freestyle running and zombie killing game I have ever played, I loved the updates and the love that was given and still is present today towards Dying light. I'm hoping that same astonishing light and bountiful array of memories in solo campaign and co-op with friends can be expressed for everyone within the new Dying Light 2.
Has anyone got the game yet and has anyone tried playing co-op on ps5 with a ps4 friend? It doesn't let either of us join the other
I'll pick it up on sale or down the line, too much on my plate to sink into another open world collect me game.
i want to buy it tbh
Gonna make sure I play this game on hard
This game looks like a DLC from previous DL1. Not many changes, graphics look old for 2022. Boring stories, another game to try when on sale.
I would play it but it doesn’t have guns 🤷🏻‍♂️
How’s the co op?
Does anybody think I should spend $100 on the full pre-order to get all the DLC stuff and all the other Limited time stuff?
Can you play across PS4 ps5
first game i played for hours, not for the story but for the gameplay. i will be doing the same for 2. even though the story might be boring, i can look passed the bugs but then again i’ll be playing after day one patch so hopefully i won’t run into as many bugs. i simply cannot wait for tomorrow!
Never played Dying Light, or know anything about it, but when it releases, ima get it tomorrow for my birthday, hopefully this game and a group of friends will be able to get me into this game because it looks like a game I’d be interested in.
Am I the only one that watches "before you buy" after I buy.
I'm gonna play this game in the most boring way possible, really try to sour the experience every step I take. Curious to see if it keeps up.
That running animation looks so damn stupid.
Is anyone else here who already bought the game xD
I loved the first one so much that I literally played it last weekabout to play the first one in a few mins
So another polish game company pulled another polish game company. They said "choices matter!" when they dont really matter or feel impactful.
should have kept doom buggies in.
1. 11:34 jake is in the game! 2. WTF!!! Invasions? Yes? No,
Love the game.. Too bad I cant play co-op becuase the game keeps throwing me out....
I can still harvest zombie legs? Yeah I’m buying this
I don’t expect any game to be perfect now a days what matters to me is how much I can have fun with my friends and how good it feels we are in the first week people finally have their hands on the game I have hopes techland will continue support for this game and will learn this is one of their most anticipated titles yet the pressure is on first impressions are everything when it comes to a gaming community. If you keep you expectations low you can’t be disappointed.
i have reason to believe the game is set somewhere in france, considering "new paris" and "villedor". "Ville D'Or" is "golden city/city of gold" in french. hearing you pronounce it as "vee-luh-dor" makes me cringe everytime
POV: you already pre-ordered the game and can't refund it
Bad
3:06
I wanna see gameplay on ps4 to see how well optimized dying light is... pre-ordering cyberpunk has changed me
Installing the second one right now 🦍
It keeps crashing for me on the Xbox one S, has anyone else had the same problem
The only thing I don't like about dying light 2 is there too much stuff on your screen. Unlike the first game, your screen is not cluttered with enemy health bars, and you also gotta press tab to know what weapons you have on you. But it's not truly game changing which is always a good thing. Hella pumped to dropkick zombies off buildings once I get this game.
Parkour looks floaty 😒
im just disappointed you can only really choose between 2 different factions. but there is a grappling hook, so that makes up for literally anything that could possibly be wrong with this
This is incredibly frustrating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Anyone know why Dying light 2 is not available to download in the uk on Xbox series s??????!!!!!!! Stayed up to download it right away and all over the internet it states “uk time 12 am 4th feb” we’re already 30 mins past that and it’s listed in the Xbox store but when I go to buy it all I get is “not currently available”, can’t find anything anywhere on the entire internet about this issue, what the hell????!!!!!!
so u pretty much saying the game sucks but the gameplay is fun
Thank you for the sentence that said the story and dialogue was lacking. That sealed the deal that this is not for me. Always appreciate these videos.
So glad this game out for jailbroken PS4 :)
loved the original and dlc. No mention of firearms molitov cocktails or grenades. Love me some slicing and dicing but its fun shooting people in the head as well
basing what iv seen, all around YouTube, it looks like a re skin of the first, with a few new moves, I never finished no.1 cause the story was meh, me an friends would find ourselves just killing zombies for hours…I was hoping for more here I really wanted some depth in terms of story…the graphics don’t look great either. Don’t get me wrong I’ll buy it…but not impressed from all iv seen…and I wanted this game to come out for ages.
those health bars better disappear on release day.
I liked the gameplay from 1 but i hated the zombies on start would take 10 hits to die and the map was just not for me. This looks insane
Console bros, change your location to New Zealand. I’ve been playing since 3pm Eastern Time.
its 2022 every triple a game is gonna be smooth. This is trash for 2022
To bad i can't get a next gen system because STUPID NO LIFES
not gonna lie. running animation looks goofy as hell
How does it play on Xbox one X?
Long as its just as badass as the first game I'm hooked mate, till Elden Ring releases at least
I was gonna say the day one patch is said to have over 1000 bug fixes so you can’t really comment on the buggy-ness of it since you played it before it actually released.
I actually had no idea this came out
God damnit! I cant wait to spend 500+ hours just kicking zombies, and taking heads! 🤘
I think it will be a ton of fun, but I am going to wait for some patches before I jump on board
Yeah game reviews are cool, but let's just take a moment to appreciate how cool/honest and  down to earth Jake Baldino is, I LOVE THIS DUDE!! and all the Gameranx team tbh, they so passionate about what they do, i wish them all the best.
20 minutes to go...lets attack the server😄
5:50 did you just got stuck? Lol Edit: I watched the whole video so the game is still glitchy but not cyberpunk level but still glitchy overall the gameplay still good even there are glitches the story just ok and the there are tons of side stories
Kind of spoiled the fact that you get a type of gun late game lol I think that would've been better kept a secret
Do sifu next when it comes out
Sorry but it is such a Boring trivial game I rather play metro
The only people who will be happy in the apocalypse are free runners. Until they realize there are no more platforms to upload videos on.
Me reading the title: Damn bro kinda too late
I am very worried, my complaints are the Zombies AI...My question is, why don't the zombies grab on you latch on you & try to bite you like dying light 1 zombies?  Why are the zombies extremely easy & too slow? I like how the zombies in Dying light 1 the zombies will grip on you & bite you, the zombies in Dying light 1 seem more realistic & more aggressive then dying light 2. Smh why in dying light 2 the cities seem so empty & boring? In dying light 1 zombies were everywhere, it kept me on my feet..damn I hope the entire game isn't empty, I gotta see more gameplay before I buy this because right now I'm not convinced.
I'll probably have to get this when it goes on sale. My backlog is too big to add another huge game like this. I am playing through the 1st game right now and I'd rather just focus on that one, then get 2 in a few months when it's on sale.
Mirrors edge meets far cry
I have been majorly let down by almost every big release since covid. If this isn't amazing.....I'm prolly just gonna end it all.
I've come to embrace the "eurojank", like the witcher and stalker series, and knowing that the first game had a 70-ish metacritic score, I think I'll have fun with this one :)
Picture a campfire 🔥 at night in the middle of the woods.   Group A. Are the people closest to the fire. They are huddled around it. They can easily see the light of the fire, feel the warmth of the fire, and hear the soft sound of the fire crackling.   Group B.  They moved far from the fire. They can no longer see the light, feel the warmth, or hear the sound of the fire.  Our relationship with God/Jesus works the same way. Some don’t believe in God or have a strong relationship built on faith because they have strayed so far from Him. They can’t see His light, they can’t feel His warmth, and they can’t hear Him calling them.   As Christians:  We are to light candles 🕯and torches from the main fire (God/Jesus), and use God’s light to go look for those that are far from the light. We are to lead them out of the cold darkness. Not to Judge them, but to love them. That’s the love of Jesus Christ ❤️‍🔥working in us!
poor fov
Imagine going to the store and buying Gatorade but it is always your least preferred flavor but over time the devs update the Gatorade until it is finally a flavor you can stand to drink?  This would not stand in any other market but the gaming world and I really don’t get it why do they keep pushing out half baked games
Funny that i already brought it
Just wish one day I will be able to play this game.. Looks great. First DL was something special. Love this section before you buy, keep up the good work!
Jesus loves you
This video is called “before you buy”…..‘‘twas not how it went down….for I buy first then watch your videos 😂
Very informative, thanks.
Dying light was a game I never thought I'd get into until my brother handed it to me at Christmas this year and said to check it out. It didn't take long to fall in love. I just finished the main campaign and have started the following. Going to be picking up 2 next week and can't wait
You know at the time I was having more fun playing loadout.
Can't believe Jake likes cutting people's heads off... Lol, great beforeyoubuy as always! Looking forward to sinking as many or more hours into this than I did with the first one!
Does it have multiplayer?
DL1  :  Great              dl2   :   good
They never learn Instead of concentrating on a solid long main story, they bloat the game with boring and repetitive side stuff
i’ve heard people calling it “floaty” like the jumping and free running. honestly i think that’s the closest game to replicate gravity closest to real life.
The BIGGEST let down and something that is a deal breaker is “no eco system cross platform” my friend has a ps4 and i have a ps5; maybe later on they will but not being able to play with a friend that is on the PSN but on an older gen is stupid.
it looks very beautiful but in my opinion the parkour looks very floaty? I don't know how to describe it but I won't know if the change is good or bad in my opinion until I play it for myself
Did you have any chance to test the multiplayer component of the game?
You should give a rating 1-10.
How tf you on this I preordered it and I gotta wait 6 and a half more hours
2:30 that was just...beautiful
Game ain't even out yet, and you are reviewing it?
Bought it
it doesn't look great to me. It might be ok but most titles turn out to be shit or boring
Man I miss the dropkick
I was looking forward to buying this because I bought a ps5 last month and don’t have an official ps5 games but seeing how bugged it is I don’t want to ruin my first experience of a proper ps5 game so I think I will wait 2 weeks to a month to see if they fix the game if not I’ll move on and find something else unfortunately, I never played the original but I do love a rpg game so I was looking forward to it
i liked the first dying light i will play this one but i think it will only be for the game play not the story or missions.
The first Dying Light was a blast. Unfortunately for me, there was a massive game breaking glitch where if you saved at night or something, it would reset your level to level 1. Demoralizing, but what the actual real breaking part was… the game thought you were still level 30. So you couldn’t level up again, all your gear is above your level and locked out, and your in a much harder area because you’re level 30… And I don’t think I could start a new game either…
Another Banger video as always.  Love to recommend your videos to people when considering new purchases and all the other great content on this channel!  Just got into the first game recently and really looking forward to diving into this one!
How many can be in coop
When did frame rate become so important
I can't WAIT to play this game in only a few hours! The first Dying Light was a real masterpiece, hopefully this game will be even better
I feel like this all would have been better in 3rd person.
First time I tried Dying Light, I stopped pretty quick as I found it very difficult. And it does seem like the kind of game that's harder in the beginning. But I picked it up again in 2021 and just got completely absorbed in the world, the story, the characters, running at night with my heart pumping. The fighting was really fun. And the endings were completely messed up. Perfect zombie game.
Arms are moving way to fast when you are barely moving. Bugs me.
Hey am I the only one that thinks that this game looks a bit more floaty with the drop kicks and jumping compared to the first? Genuinely would like to hear opinions on this.
I want your starting chime as my message tone!
Assassins Creed zombie edition
Wonder if there’ll be another dupe on items glitch lol I had a ball with that for legendary weapons
Why is that guy meme dancing?
Thank you cyberpunk for making me never miss one of these again
this is definitely a must play 🎮
Am not going back to 1080p, and am not going back to 30fps... unfortunately Its a pass for me 😑
How much did they pay you to like this game?
I can't decide pc or PS5 😖😖
I am confused. Is this game not out yet? Microsoft store says preorder still.
Sounds like a different world of far cry 6 😴
First DL was insanely cool. I really enjoyed it! For 2015 it ws really something good.  But. What we see now? Lets be honest to ourselves  - there is no actual physic at parkouring (for example when he felt and when he climbed at the buildings surfaces), no actual physic of a board bridges, action looks cartoon,  scavaging looks like he touches invisible boobs, and etc. This is not a game for 2022 year. For 2017 - good for sure. Graphically looks reaaly cool. But there is nothing more.  Also side quests based on "bring me this i give you that", eith stories of noname characters which have no influence at all. Not a AAA project. AA - maybe.
i wish the combat wasnt so excaturated.... then it would be nice
if you say anything negative about this game I will destroy your soul.
Jake Baldino/ Mr Cappuccino...I'm still waiting on my pizza.
Been hyped for this for years
ehh seeming like a game that they hyped up way too much, and it's turning out just to be another average game.
The game does not look smooth at all
Seems like a winner, was hoping for better from the story aspects though. Guess I’ll find out tomorrow!
gonna wait till the price goes down a bit and download Sifu for now
sounds like fan boy
@1:42 LOL! Bro you don't need to keep repeating "Fictional". We understand. It is a video game. Everything is fiction. This isn't real. Aden is not real. No cities in the world have been taken over by zombies...currently.
So it is bad
This is the first video I'm watching from this channel, and I have to say, I really like your style, you just have a very nice and easy going way of presenting your opinion. Subscribed!
Damn the first one looked so much better than this, what’s with the horseshit health bars on everything ffs
looks so floaty, looks wack.
Honestly gameranx unlike IGN the guy doing the review actually sounds more genuine unlike that robot of a voice of IGN and that 7 score was laughable
Does it support mkb on ps5?
Playing this game on ps5, the motion blur is killing me. I’ve spewed twice already. Hopefully they add FOV and motion blur option
Loved the first DL. Came to it late and bought in on eBay then found out there was The Following DLC packaged one, so back to eBay I went to scoop up that one. I played well over 100 hours on the whole package, and even though there were still some bugs, I had a great time with it. My biggest problem was that I hit a bug that completely locked me out of some of the optional missions (Quarantine Zones?) so I couldn't finish as much as I wanted to. Overall though, it was an awesome experience. I will probably wait awhile for some of the early bugs to get ironed out before I pick this one up.
Dying light 2 was great. I bought this and my buddy and I can't wait to play, but I could tell there were some things that seemed lacking that the first game did great.
Already bought it. In August.
Loved dying light and dlc so ofc in getting on the second one
"Gaming makes people get violent as it makes YT gaming channel presenter want to cut off people head" - some con media
Okay. Fuck every other game made... This is amazing news 🙂 just got the uncensored version
Looks like a PS3 game
💯💯💯
a lot of HUD and little icons around the map, that make the game ugly and cliche.. why the health bar for all the enemies?.. I don't know, it seems to me that this companies always have to put the same shit elements of the open world games.. I really like the first one, for the freedom to face adversity, we'll see if this one feels that entertaining and deep
Can’t wait to pick this up on Friday. Been hyped since it was announced and it looks to deliver.
Too late I’ve already bought it
I actually liked all the scavenging in Dying Light 1, so, having a ton of that isn't a downside.
I'm hoping the bugs and hard crashes are fixed in the day one patch because otherwise it would be really dissapointing to have a game be delayed twice for a total of 2 years just to have those issues.
Good review, cant wait to play myself
I saw it I though £60 I'd not worth paying and then watched this video and now I'm debating buying it its a vicious circle
I loved the first game, also oddly enough the title music helped me through a panic disorder I was dealing with at the time. It was just peaceful and interesting enough I'd listen to it for hours on YouTube while I was at work, just hanging on by a thread.  Definitely excited to jump into this world
I hope we come across the previous character as a zombie from dying light 1.
When I think back on DL 1 I only remember the gameplay and fluidity of it anyway. Story usually takes a back seat in zombie games like seriously when was the last original zombie story that made you go wow! Resident evil probably but other than that, that's about it. I just wanted more parkour zombie killing out of this and it seems to deliver in spades, can't wait!
Even though I had plenty of crafting stuff in dying light 1 I still collected more and more it never got old and after 6 play throughs it's still a great game so if it's anything like the first one I'm buying it
Every first person game should have dropkicks.
Comments from any review that used the early release version should be taken with a grain of salt. As they wont include the Day 1 Patch that the full release version will have/get
This game could be a refurbished dying light 1  Like dying light 1 repost and id be perfectly happy.  Dying light 1 goes down as one of my fave games of all time  Plz dying light 2  Plz dont suck So many bad games coming out we need a hero Plz
Oh no, do they really use la evel system for zombies? Looking forward  for this series. Guess I`ll buy it soon.
Did you say grapple hook? Say no more.
With both this and Horizon dropping this month, I thought I'd hold off on this and it seems that I made the right choice. The one thing I feared the most was that the story and faction system wouldn't be up to much and it seems that's exactly what's happened.
The real question is how does it work on base xbox one inside the central city.
Dorky question but I saw someone say you can no longer dismember defeated enemies on the ground, is that the case?
Always loved going out at night and pissing off some volatiles in the first game and seeing if I could pick up max heat and survive, especially in the city. Can’t wait to see the chases in this one.
The community in Dyling light 1 was so amazing I met a max level and he gave me super OP weapons when I was a noob ❤️
As always, great review
Definitely plan on getting it once there's confirmation that most bugs have been fixed. Looks like the first one but better. Bad story again, but the gameplay? 👌 Perfect.
aiden pearce ?
The atmosphere in the first was sooooo good
OK, thank you for this review. I think we have a similar soft spot for the original so this convinces me to go ahead and get it, bad reviews be-damned.
2:15 ah, Yahtzee Croshaws favourite post apocalyptic cast, "Nazis Vs Lunatics"
But is there a grappling hook like dying light 1
Scavenging is part of the game lol.
I will buy it later this year probably, right know all I want to play is Elden Ring, just bad timing.
Shout out to this channel this doesn't have mandatory unskippable 15 second adds!
I always watch one of these before deciding to buy a game and every time I buy them I really enjoy them thanks man!also dying light is dope af and they still have live events going on
What about the co-op or the online gameplay?
More like, 'after you bought..'
When he said it was captured on PlayStation 5 I immediately turned it off I don't want to watch it on an inferior console
LMOA why the fuck are trees on top of buildings?
As long as there is that spooky mission  and these sad desetions or moments and some challenges here and there no problem about the story to me
Looks great, sounds fun, buying it,  One thing, is their micro transactions? I sure hope not
No Saves Manually really disappointing.
Seems real boring
Well don’t get me wrong I really want to play this but it takes a while to have a “perfect” game so probably dying light 2 will slowly have updates throughout time to improve it like the first dying light
“A makeshift limited use gun” I thought the devs said they weren’t going to put in guns because it didn’t make sense within the world of Dying Light.
Wonder when we will finally get a game where choices matter A LOT.  Like making one choice will let’s say nuke half the city and completely change the map enabling quests that would never even exist if you didn’t nuke half the city.
based on the gameplay alone. I still play Dyinglight 1 to this day and the movement feels faster than what I am seeing right now and the combat seems to probably have trouble in the near future. I'm seeing zombies have levels on them. To me that isn't a great combat method. I feel like combat is gonna feel like the switch in combat from Assassins' creed black flag to assassins' creed origins. Instead of feeling like a bad ass if you have played the game long enough to know the mechanics. You already know you're gonna lose because you aren't at a high enough level. I think they should have kept it simple like they did in dying light 1
does the game run smooth on ps4 cuz i hear people say it lags while playing etc.? anybody
Who care about spoiler God damn it grow up
So basically Dying light: Eternal ✅I’m buying  ✅it right now ✅heads up 🔪😳🗿
2
5:50 what was that?
Ok….buuuut is it cross play? Can I also sabotage everything and get a crazy ending?
Part one is better the wierd hair cuts tf the worlds ending a hair cut is the last thing I’d worried  about fighting zombies
I loved the 1st game and all the dlc, just a shame matchmaking for that medieval dlc thing always messed up for me so I could only enjoy solo lol
Later in the week? It's dropping today..what it said on my xbox series s.
yep all this samey gameplay that you have to grind just to progress you're loot/skills instant turn off
to late
I hate the way the player loot items visually speaking.  It like they wanted something where the player always touches the item or body it tries to loot, but didn't account for how much of a bitch it would have been to program without bug and just left it like that, touching the air, one meter away from anything the player tries to loot.
4:45 sold me on the game
I still play dying light 1 to this day. I have 500+ hours in the game, and hope that will be the case in dying light 2 too
Your videos put me in a good mood
Dying light 2 is very Fun
not a fan of first person games but this looks really good
This is the only game I’ve bought before watching a before you buy.
Dying light 1 games play was fresh and intense and honestly if this is just more of that than I’ll be happy. I’m frustrated that games are releasing half baked and buggy. You wouldn’t pay full price for a painting that’s 3/4th done
Somebody knows what happend to falco from gameranx? Was absent from this channel for a long time 😅
Kinda bummed there’s no buggy’s like in the last game. Running over hordes of zombies was lit. And they completely removed gun play? I thought there was plenty of that in the original
I played Dying Light and loved every minute of playing, it felt great to play and was enjoyable. I never played the following dlc and need to do that before stepping into this game. I’m looking forward to playing Dying Light 2 but maybe when it is on sale.
Look at the damn pc requirements! it's madness
You know what would be cool? The final boss being the guy from Dying Light who transformed at one of the optional endings of the DLC
CNN BREAKING NEWS: gameranx or... murderanx.. "I love cutting off peoples heads" more at 11..
Be the Zombie mode, when?  That was the best part of the first one.
Sooo... My question is... Will this have the same lasting power that the first game had? Don't think the first dying light reviewed all that well either but something about it made it special and relevant years later. So, I'm not so concerned with the reviews and the immediate response more so on if it has that x-factor that makes games like Skyrim, fallout, Minecraft, ect timeless games.
Dying Light 1, was a mediocre generic zombie game I couldnt get in to. Wont be picking this up either. It's just a chore, with a poor storyline and souless world. This doesnt look any better, No thanks
I am completely in love with this game. But im very hesitant about buying it because i still own a ps4. Does anyone know anything about how the game runs on ps4 ? If its playable and fun ? Or very glitchy and ugly like cyberpunk 😂
I love the parkour animations in this one a bit more than the first one, they weren’t bad and it made you seem like you are getting better with the upgrades i just hope its like that here too and not just instantly a parkour god
This is one of those games I don't need a before you buy video for. But your videos are entertaining so here I am
I'm still waiting for Sunset overdrive 2 😑
"I love cutting off people's heads." -Jake Baldino 2022
I was really hoping the crafting system would be expanded upon and that the looting was going to feel more intuitive and useful. It looks the same as DL1 to me.
I still need to play the first. I gave it a shot one time in 2020 I think and there was like a Resident Evil event going on or something where there were swarms of Zombies during the day and I didn't know how to turn the event off so it just made me quit haha. I'll be back someday.
Techland will give you addictive gameplay. That’s it. That’s their history. Don’t expect a good story or dialogue. Their games are junk food, just empty calories. Don’t expect more.
2:44 A biter doing the Jack-O pose from guilty gear!
i don’t like how it looks like he’s running in place
Finally something positive. Seems like nobody appreciates hard work but gameranx does.
For those of you who don’t like the games overly bright colors This may or may not be true But apparently there’s a saturation option that you can turn down Again, haven’t played yet, can’t play until I get home from work tonight, but I’m just saying
i have the feeling that the quality of the zombies are a little bit worse then dying light 1
Guess I have a new plat of the same game to grind lol
why does he jump like he’s filled with helium
The lighting and foliage looks like it gives the world so much life, if that’s what it looks like on ps5 performance mode, I can’t wait to see it on pc.
Do you think pineapple on pizza should be illegal?
I have over 500 hours on the first one. I pre-ordered this one. I cant wait to play tomorrow when I get home from work!
Just replayed the first game a few days ago and it was such a blast. Can’t wait to jump into it tonight!
So the first game had the developer Easter egg weapons. Like Jimmy’s ballad gernade and the paper plane and the bombs that made zombies float way in the air then drop them lmao it was one of my favorite games. Blue prints on the weapons to upgrade them were great. And running around in a ninja suit with a fire katana and explosive shuriken was op as fuck. It was what we wanted for a zombie game and we got it
Do we think that with the parkour that controller will be better than keyboard and mouse? Debating getting it on steam vs my ps5.
Amazing review as always, thanks
i am a huge fan of the first one and i feel this game has some elements i like but also the parkour and other gameplay mechanics like health bars above head and RPG elements didnt feel needed but ill prob still end up buying it full price to support the devs
Hi can you chop up the zombies and humans once killing them like the first game
Loved the review, so honest. You mentioned all the shortcomings but you couldn't hide your enthusiasm. It's a lot of fun! That's all that I want really.
Don’t it off launch let other people buy it and see if it’s not a broke mess guys
thought release date wasn't until tomorrow 2/4?
Looks like the verticality is there. Thanks Gameranx, I'm preordering (but only because Humble bundle giving me a discount). Hope fully this game doesn't disappoint
I'm not a fan of him basically flying everytime he jumps. Dude is a metahuman now
it seems they hit the mark again in this one, loved the 1st and the 2nd really good..
thanx guys for the good points , im even happier i both it bacouse the cons dose not bother me
So if I loved the first game I will love this one aswell?
“Before you buy” *pre ordered ultimate edition the second I got the option*
I think it should have been better if you compared dl2 to dl1, cuz pretty much all of us here have played dl1 so I just wanna see if it matches the same standards as dl1
Aiden sure is a popular game name lol
Tall trees growing up on top of the buildings really 🤡
I trust gameranx opinion more than ign
3080 👶
everything except running feels kinda slow especially jump lmao
Cant wait to dropkick some zombies
Don't want to be " that" guy but am i the only one who thinks the gameplay looks slow and choppy ?
I guess the series will continue to be defined by the absolute best traversal mechanics in gaming along with a so so story. Which is fine, if I wanted an insane story I would be playing a game like Detroit become human which is no gameplay and all story. I'm here to game, dammit!
Looks pretty great, but how's the performance on ps4? Still a hassle trying to get a ps5 but I really wanna play this
Thanks for another good video! I can't wait to get into the coop with my girl
Control wise, is the gamepad controls better than m+kb controls? Like for combat moves running etc, dont care about sensitivity or how fast i can aim with mouse
_Meh 480 hours of filler for 20 hours of story pass_
I will get the game later maybe for 15 or 20e for 40e i will not for sure 😂
Looks like fun
What did I miss in the promo materials: why are the low-level zombies in buildings all hunched over and ignoring the player?  I'm REALLY looking forward to playing this but I'm going to have to wait. One reason is the inclusion of Denuvo's trashware and the other is the fact that I just don't have the cash to spare right now.
“The game isn’t great, but in my opinion it isn’t bad either. It’s ok but, me personally, I think some parts kind of suck a little, but not too much, in my opinion. All in all it’s ok, in my opinion.”  Stellar reviews you guys got here. Useless.
As of today I just hit my 10,000th hour in the original dying light. Based on what I’ve seen, this game does not live up to the original in the story department but it is a monstrous leap forward in the gameplay and combat departments
Playing FPS game on a console, boooooooo, booooooooooo
Are headshots with melee weapons still neccessary? Seems like I saw a few times where you sliced a zombie in the chest twice and it died. Also can I turn off the health bars on the enemies? I'm sure you can but i want to make sure.
It probably looks wonky in 3rd person🤣
long story short ? wait for the GOTY, u get it bug free, full exprience and for a fraction of the price.
I want dying light VR so bad. climbing through the city in v, hiding from zombies at night, clubbing bandits, it'd be so awesome
I loved the 1st game, can’t wait for this tomorrow !!
for this month, I'll be putting my money on Elden Ring. Great review btw gameranx
NPC at 8:35 wuuuut is the situation up there 👀
What I love about techland is that they are the ONLY company I know whos so confident in the brand new game they have ready to release, THEY MAKE WHOLE NEW SHIT FOR THE FIRST GAME TO HYPE IT. Name a gaming company who is that ready for release. We've only gotten buggy and broken ass titles for years now, this is the first time we have a reason to be confident in this company.
i loved the first one that much that when i heard about this one i was always plannin on buyin it but then we had the cyberpunk fiasco which swayed my decision a little but its good to hear that it wont be as buggy as that
ITS OUT???
Who else always buys the game the day before this comes out
I’ve been watching gameranx for years, and mostly lurk- just wanted to say I’m loving the more opinionated Jake. Too often the reviews have felt so middleroad. Good job.
Still insanely hyped for this, it’s guaranteed to be better than the first, maybe not as spooky, but a better overall game with more to do is all I can ask for. I trust Techland
Honestly most zombie games can't really have a good story nowadays without it being like most others, it's just about how likable they make the characters
Here's why I won't be playing this, If most of the zombies go indoors during the day why don't the survivors burn down the zombie dens during the day to lower the numbers or get rid of them completely? I may be too old to believe most videogames at this point, the logic just doesn't work for me.
Really? You're that demanding? Xbox series and PS5 haven't been out that long and you're trashing 30fps? Seriously man lol did you even think about those who can't afford the newer console or find one in stock that isn't hundreds of dollars over the default price. 👍 one
Finally out tomorrow can't wait
I haven't seen anybody explain if the weapons still degrade After use or not. Or if it still has a weapon repair system. I'm hoping the answer is no because I found it annoying in dying light 1.
kool
LOVED the first game. Due to the bugs/issues, I'm not in a hurry with this one and I'll wait until things are patched up.
Dying Light is what Mirror Egde was suppose to be. I only started playing dying light cause of you. WorldWarZ got boring and randoms are the worse.
I just hope my pre-order physical copy comes from amazon on time and the stupid snow storm doesn't screw me over...
I'm looking forward to playing it, I got on the first Dying Light kind of late but enjoyed it the gameplay for sure so I'm looking forward to this one. I'm even ok hearing that the story isn't all that, at this point it takes me forever to finish main storylines in open world games but that's a conversation for another day
I will skip dying light and buy horizon.
i already pre ordered this but im here to see what u think
I've been avoiding and saving as many live streams as possible to avoid spoilers buy I will watch this
This whole "let's release a janky half finished game and give it a day one patch" malarkey is starting to become a fcking joke now 👎🏼
Lol digital foundry said the Ray Tracing 1080p mode is a stable 30 except for in minor and very few bottlenecking points on the gpu Edit: on ps5 and series X
500 hours. Lmao.
The one thing that has been bugging me the most is that the zombies have health bars. Is it just me or does that take away from the emersion a bit?
Do Sifu please
Can’t wait for this one!
Where be the zombie
kinda seems like far cry zombies in a city to me, and tbh I'm kinda getting tired of that sort of game for now.
So i got a copy yesterday thanks to my job and this game slaps hard i been playing it for a good couple of hours and i love it
Did they get the same voice actor, because he sure delivers his lines and sounds like him lol
What about multiplayer/co-op mode?
man i may be the only one, but i hate healtbars on enemies
Cant wait to duplicate a million katanas and get rich by selling them
I am too whimp for this game :D
Hey! Can a ps5 and ps4 player play coop story together?? ❤
Excited! Pre ordered the exclusive edition. Looking forward to play tomorrow. Watching this makes me  worry, because running and looting looks kinda... Goofy. Hope it won't feel that way when I play the game.
"I like cutting off heads"  -Jake Baldino, 2022
Dying Light 1 arguably saved my life. I was going through a super tough time and I fired it up roughly 6 years after it’s initial release date. I was hooked. I couldn’t care less about the narrative, the gameplay was just too solid. The hype train is real for me for DL2. I can’t wait for midnight to roll around!
Does Aiden compare to Kyle crane at all? I think Craig Roger Smith really set the bar high for a voiced protagonist.
Denuvo, Nuff said.
Jake "I love cutting off people's heads" Baldino 👍
Thought u said u aint gona do this series anymore
Does this game have graphics in it and can you save your game?
1080p 60fps on new gen . Is a no no for me  Disappointing 😞
Is it coop?
Wait a minute?! Are those…jump pads?!
Tbh i always expected the choices in the game to not really matter that much. It always seemed to me like they were promising to much
Dying Light 2 is chock full of features that were cool 10 years ago, kudos to them for bringing out the game when they were just gonna scrap it three different times, but this fad, the whole free running thing, and zombie thing, is so tired and old and worn out.
Oh man that first person free running always makes me sick until I get used to it again.
i pre ordered
The sense of weight in this game is non existent
The thing that Techland nails for me is the music and atmosphere. I spent so long in the 1st looking off into the distance and taking in the music and I loved it
So did you guys like it?
Inception!!! watching a daying light 2 advert on a dying light 2 video...
Is it just me or does the movement kind of seem floaty/weightless? Feels like the camera should move a little more maybe. Idk but when I'm running around in game it feels like a dream or something
Days gone no motorcycle version
No be the zombie mode = trash compared to dying light
not watching the video just here to say. chill dude the games not even out yet.
I will wait and play DL 1 until everythings runs smooth. Overall it doesn't looks any better than DL1, I'm a bit disappointed
Always a pleasure. Thanks
I keep seeing some zoomed in FOV footage and some like this where it’s more zoomed out. Which is it?! Lol
I’ve been waiting for the for a few months now and this looks good. Debating if to buy it right away or wait for it on sale
Any unique weapons like in the first one?
I’m ready to play this one I’ll just wait for the patches to fix the game . Sad that games get released so buggy. Either way this game will be fun
11:57 someone clip that 😂
I think that I’ll wait before purchasing this. That should give them time to iron out bugs and by that point they’ll probably drop additional content like DLC, etc.
Clicked on this right after I bought the game👍
I just find it weird that not a single person has a firearm in this situation. Like…..even if guns were outlawed in the city before the fall……people would still bring in firearms, and there would be a black market no matter what. Like, people have illegal weapons in my city, right now lol. That shit is dumb.
"Before you buy..." me who's already pre ordered it
Legit the only "review" channel I trust and watch on the internet. keep up the great work guys!
I don't know what I think I've watched around 6 reviews and they all say the story was bland but I pre-ordered a while ago so hopefully the bugs get patched
I only just started playing Dying Light 1... There's SOOOO much content and it is freaking great thus far, really liking it. I'm gonna hold off on buying DL2, don't see a reason to do so at least until I beat DL1. And by then, the bugs should be patched up, price should be down, some DLC should be dropped (or it may be 2 - 3 years from now and tons of it will be dropped and I'll pick this up for $15 on a Steam Xmas Sale).
Honestly I like dying light better than the 2nd then again I never played Dying light 2 but when I do buy it I'll still enjoy it
This seems like almost the same game as the first one...
cant wait!!   THANKS JAKE!
Changing your country to new Zealand on Xbox let's you play a day early
I loved the first one but hated the ending
The first one was a very memorable game. I can only hope the same for this one
Absolutely love Dying light … I’ll play every single installment or at least give it a fair shake …. One of the few games last gen I could turn on and look at the clock and have 4 hours gone by … loved it
My biggest hope is that they reduced zombie health sice guns arnt here. Made melee weapons feel like a joke in the first game
I think I'll wait to see what the updates bring down the line. I think people are just expecting to much looks like a solid sequal. It's not like dying light 1 was amazing game, just a fun parkour zombie game.
My question is can you tweak or mod the game so its more realistic or hardcore? I like the look of it but it looks a bit too casual for me.
Is there co-op? That's all I care about. Looks perfect to play with a friend.
Dying light still doesn’t bore me so naturally this is an easy buy
Is there co op?
This looks too arcade compared to the original Dying Light... The X marked trash piles are the worst
Ps5 is laughably weak. Lags on almost every AAA game if you don't use performance mode. Smooth 60 should be feasible for that price, mines a dust collector at this point. Cant even use a widescreen display 🤦‍♂️
Great review ! We are very excited for it still. The other game only got better with age and added DLCs and such. So excited to have my hands on it soon !
Game looks good I’ve played and beaten the first dying light I can’t wait to get this
I hated crafting weapons on pt. 1 that literally broke after 5 hits
If I haven't played the first one yet should I play that first? Is the story better in the first one? I got it on steam a long time ago and never booted it up for some reason.
How does it play on PS4 is it like cyberpunk lol?
Are virals and volitiles still in it? They are what made the game terrifying. Oh and that damn screaming baby lol
Thank god this is almost exactly what I wanted I don’t mind the bad story or the glitches bc ik techalnd will patch most the glitches and I don’t realy care much for the story but the gameplay looks slik
This lame parkour animations and unrealistic flow really makes me wish for another mirror's edge game ):
not afraid to tell us the bad about the game is what makes a review authentic
!!!!! BEWARE !!!!! DENUVO was sneakily added 2 days before release.
Can’t wait to get this game
Which was better? The first one or this?
anyone know if series x/s can play with xbox one?
Do you have to play dying light 1 to play the second one?
Definitely might have to take the Chance with the Bugs. I've missed a good Open world fr awhile 🤟🔥
Meh. I'll get it eventually on sale, but not excited. Enjoyed completing a few playthroughs of the first, but only for the world and gameplay. Story was pretty lame and I personally hate first-person cutscenes. Congrats on the devs for actually releasing this one though, I'm surprised it still exists after so long.
Hmmm... This kinda sounds like a not as good game.
I'm curious will it have grappling hook like the old one?
Keep in mind dl2 gonna get day 1 patch
Y’all help me should I buy it or wait for horizon dawn or elden ring
One thing I hate about the first game was constantly collecting resources to build new weapons that constantly broke. Is it just as bad in this one or is there more permanent type weapons?
Too late, I bought it before the reviews 😘
how many fucking times are you gonna spam a drop kick during 6 minutes like you guys are just making the game look like shit if it isn't already
Excited for friday pre odered and have been so hyped for dying light 2
I hear a lot of things about it being full of bugs and issues (save files being deleted etc...), so I'm glad I've not pre-ordered. I'll wait a little longer. However, a lot media reviews have been giving positive reviews (albeit have mentioned the bugs and game breaking issues), but give it a paid review of 7/10+
Look if there is glitches report them to fix it and make a better game it’s a newborn baby of course it’s gonna have glitches I believe the game is gonna be uhh I don’t know how to say it but like crystal clear in next few weeks
Thankyou so much for this video. I can tel your a real fan of dying light and love it for the experience. I personally didn’t care for the story as much even in the first one but loved the whole game for itself. Cannot wait to play tomorrow!
I agree we here for gameplay not story
im sorry but you guys are just trying to hide how bad the game is you clearly cut away when the character got stuck on a wall and omg the movement looks so horrible or is that just me looks like the guy is floating
I love when main characters have the same name as me
No mini map kinda sucks but imma still play it
To be fair. The original games story and voice acting wasnt that great either.
Sounds like you were disappointed 😔
dying light was my favorite game, the story was cool, the people were cool, the weapons, dlc, all of it was so cool to me, i expect dying light 2 to be a little worse than the first one but still think its gonna be good
The first game also had story issues and busy work, but I think the way they presented it will be better.
I genuinely feel like you really don't talk about your real thoughts on games. Your reviews are always positive. You're getting paid to say positive game reviews right
I dont mind glitches and bugs could make the game funny from time to time hopefully they do fix some stuff but i cant wait for the game already pre ordered it and nothing is gonna stop me from playing it
Another great review from Jake "I love cutting  people's heads off" Baldino.
1st was amazing had no doubts at all about 2nd glad I preordeded it and with my xbox rewards points I got the delux edition for $10 so no complaints here at all
techland redeemed some of the sins of cd project red that they left behind after cyberpunk 77.
Thanks Gameranx! I take your word over the other reviews.
Going to Wait for this until I finish Elden Ring which they should have things sorted by then
I just noticed something In this video. Why are trees growing on concrete bridges lol.
Sad to see that the story still isn't that interesting. I'll probably still pick it up because the last one was so fun in co-op.
As much as I love zombie games, 100-500 hours of melee and parkour does not appeal to me.
I’ve just started playing the game and completed the intro and I can highly recommend buying this game if you were a fan of the first game because so far I really like it and haven’t really ran into a single glitch so far in the couple hours of playing it, quite a good launch considering the launch state of many other games in recent years.
Boring lol, combat looks like DL1. Nothing new or innovative. I really don't know why they tried to make it a 500 hours completion.. Talk about having scummy ways to have people clock in hours.
First time I have seen a before you buy, before I buy it😂
I love how honest and genuine Jake sounds. It really feels like hes doing his best to give you his opinion and hope it helps.
This is why Jake is a 💋 ass. The story decisions makes NOTHING CHANGE! Is basically the same sh!t regardless of choice. Be realistic! I am a fan of the 1st game, but say it like it is!
Well I’ll play this game like the first one, eventually!
Never ended up playing Hellraid in Dying Light 1, if anything like that is to make a return in Dying Light 2, I think I'll grind that out big time. Achievements/Trophies for doing certain things in it would be great though. ☠️💡🏆
Does it still got the multiplayer and how is it
Thanks for your feedback, and for dying light. My brother bought us this game whenever Xbox one came out and I loved it. they game hit everything I was looking for into a Zombie game.. I love the combat & the parkour that was a whole different feeling to me.
is it true that the game releases 19 hours later on steam?
I been waiting so long for this game, it’s time to beat it about 3 times just like the last game
Thank you so much for the review! I really wish they got ride of the grapple hook though.. man.. That was my only hang up. reason being the nights are a fight for your life until you get the grapple hook then its just too easy. Also the monster has no edge really once players can move around like that.  I was hoping by the way you would compare the story or weak points of DL2 to DL1. is the story, voice acting, etc comparable to DL1?
I wanna play it but  saving my money for elden ring and perhaps sifu instead
Why you got to ruin it for me bro lol. I feel like the whole 2nd half of the video was complaining.. I've bin waiting forever for this game . I hope it's good
Is there any mouse and keyboard compatibility on PS5?
Glitches are the main part of every game!
i love that the good old pro wrasslin dropkick is a legit fight ending move in the dying light games!  First game was generally a lot of fun but I cant do that "unstoppable terrifying monsters chasing after you" style gameplay, so I never made it past that one mission. I love how this dev keeps supporting and building on their game tho.
Idk about the second game but the first it’s was really scary at night and I really liked that about the first
As much as I liked the first game, I think I will wait until a sale hits. Gotta save some money for the other big games coming too
i love it how i watch this vid after pre ordering dying light 2
I hope the health bars over enemies is optional. It takes attention away from the action when you keep looking at health bars over their heads
"open world bloat" has always been a weird complaint to me since it's usually extra optional content. I don't always 100% everything but I'm really glad if and when I want it.
I’ve already decided I’m gonna play this on hard, make brightness lower, not use the binoculars to see side missions/objectives, and turn off all hud elements
I'm a little bit nervous. They are changing their direction quite a bit with this one and implementing a LOT of new stuff. With lots of new stuff, there tends to be bugs and some things that just don't feel right. So I'm personally going to wait a couple days after release to see how the reviews look once it's out for everyone.
This game is delayed so many times I completely forgot it was coming out tomorrow!
Jake plays games...  falcon plays GAMS
Hey is it better than the original is the zombie killing running away better? Or is it mostly focused on humans fighting each other now That’s my only question
Wellll, i was thinkin of prepurchasing because i loved DL1. After seeing multiple reviews and opinion of my beloved Gameranx i came to a decision that i will wait for later. Elden Ring is out in three weeks and i know that i will be stuck in that game for a while... and in the meanwhile the Techlands care make the DL2  age like a good wine, no point rushing to enjoy as much as possible before the Elden Ring drops when the Story and decisions of DL2 are underwhelming, i actually don't have big problem with that, but i know there will be more content to enjoy and grind later on as they release and fix things.  Thank you Gameranx! :)
The first game was amazing. I have been hyped for this one. I am not surprised that their hyping of "decision making " flopped. Whenever developers hype something up a lot I will think its subpar, and lookie what we have received. Glitches are expected at this point. Updates will make the game better I am sure. Besides all of that I believe what made the first game amazing will make this game amazing, which is the gameplay. I will probably clock in more than 500hrs of game time. I played through the first game multiple times on each difficulty, and finished the DLC with it. I do think  the DLC for Dying Light 2 might be insane, and above and beyond! They have a massive stage to work with and implementing cool stories into this world should not be hard. Perhaps I am to optimistic. I do think I will wait for a few updates to hit the game first before purchasing it. I have high tolerance for bugs/glitches but, I want to to play the game at its peak best or close to it. I am also, frothing at the mouth at the idea of exploring this game's world. So who knows, I might give in anyway. Thanks for the review, I heard pretty much the same things from others. I am glad it is nothing that is truly discouraging me from getting this game. This will be another hit (eventually) , and I am sure the Dying Light community will be playing this long into the coming years.
Yeah they literally posted that it wouldn’t be fully up to par until Friday the actual release date so hopefully it helps that
Anyone else watching this after the preordered?
What the hell the detail in the environment is nuts!! Looks fun just to walk around
"And I love cutting off people's heads," said Jake Baldino.      Ladies and gentlemen, we got him!
if the gameplay is great as you said then it's enough! I played the first one with my friends COOP! and I would like to do the same in this one too
Ik don't like  how the game looks  whit  the healtbars  and stuff but i am gone still try it
it is unfortunately releasing at a bad time for me, as there is a big PoE league tomorrow which i will be playing and next week lost ark releases which me and a couple of friends want to give a try. and two weeks after that elden ring. so my february is packed, and unfortunately dying light 2 is therefore a wait for me. i do look forward to playing it but i just dont have the time as i look more forward to the other stuff.
I hope i can play today lol,i dont care of few bugs lol.i love dying light i now any problem they have they ill fixed fast is op company that love his comunity
ugh the UI, i hope we can turn all of that crap off
Would have bought if it was mindblowing but with Horizon, GT7 and Tiny Tina so soon I wouldn't have enough time for it anyway. All of that on top if having tons of Olympics to watch.
The city is supposed to be southern Turkey but it feels more like northern Sweden
Set your time zone to New Zealand if you’re on Xbox and you can start playing now. Thank me later
Never played the first one. I am kind of zombied out in terms of video games after playing TLOU and Days Gone thats why I didnt want to play the first one but seeing trailers and reviews for this game I am intrigued. However I heard the story and characters are pretty shitty in this game. Unlike alot of gamers I actually care about stories and character building. When I realized it was from a polish developer I automaticly thought of CDPorjekt and their Witcher series. I love the Witcher. But they said this game story is not their strong point. So with me not into zombie games and want a rich story, i might wait for a sale
Hope the end doesn't fist you without lube like in 1st game where everyone is screwed
Is it like. If you loved the first game you will love this one ?
It's disappointing to hear the faction decisions aren't actually all that consequential. I was hoping this game could scratch my Fallout New Vegas faction conflict-style itch.
I never played the first game but the night looked so much scarier, it was darker. I'm excited to play DL2 for the gameplay.
Dude I'm counting down to midnight lol. Call me crazy, but I pre-ordered it on both consoles. Always good to have a backup and I like to take more of any differences. So looking forward to this game!
i can´t believe I still have to choose a performance mode to play a game at more than 30 fps on the PS5. This is supposed to be the powerful new generation. Since I got a decent gaming PC I really understand how much of a letdown even the newst console generations are. 4k60 should be the absolute minimal standart for every new game and performance mode 1080p or even 2160p at 120 frames. Full hd 60 frames is last gen
So it's ok to buy it? I read that some people have asked for a refund. Now I don't know anymore.
Really hope there are guns in the game as i always loved the shooting in these games. So much fun!
As long as you can throw stunned enemies off roofs or into spikes i'm sold
The animation for looting corpses is weird
Best review I’ve seen for a game period good job
CAN WAITT OKILL ALL THE ZOMIBES!!
Thank you for always being here for us, Jake :) Loving all the content you do
Its show lame that you dount change zombie when the timer run out you just die lame i thoot you can be play as zombi but no you just die they miss one good element what if you change zombi and you will play this game over whit zombi point
This game sounds exactly as I expected. And just like Jake, I'm in it for the gameplay mechanics when it comes to a zombie game. There really isn't much original story that you can run with outside of what we've already seen a thousand times. But it is the creative way that you go about murdering The horde that is what is going to sell this game for me.
The first area in Dying Light 1 had a TON of small indoor explorable buildings that I loved. That alone sold me on the first game.  I hate "open world" games that just have a bunch of buildings as decoration that you cannot enter.  EVERY review so far does not touch on this in the sequel, they keep mention that the map is "4x bigger"  but all I want to know is, are there more or less buildings you can enter? Interiors?  It just destroys immersion when I realizing I'm just running around blocks that are skinned and textured to be buildings in a city.
Seems like the combat was watered down, same with the story.
Me watching this after pre ordering the deluxe edition and not regretting it one bit
I'm super disappointed in the reviews, but God damn if I'm not excited as hell to play it  I bought the first game basically randomly at launch because I liked the story trailer and loved it
It's basically combat and movement of mirrors Edge and the underrated condemned criminal origins. The combat reminds me of that so so much especially the way the human enemies stand.
I held out on dying light until the switch version released and holy hot damn,  I can't believe I didn't play this sooner.
Yep rushed…. Ugh can we get 1 non rushed game this decade?
I already bought it. I loved the first too much not too
The graphics for picking up stuff/looting and some slashing types you’ve shown is very ehhhh.
The Melee combat looks quite rough. More rough than the first game, and that's saying something.
This game looks like more of the same old “quantity defeats quality” type poser / money grab, non original BS similar to most recent to but not limited to  Farcry . . For example . . Just look at the crafting interface. .it  is a complete rip-off stylistically of horizon zero dawn. . Just look at it
Ive already bought it...... But I'm still watching this because I'm extremely hyped.
Is it 15 years or 20 years into the future of the first game. I've heard 15 years in some videos and 20 in gaming bolt and ign reviews
Some buddies and I already have it as we loved the first one. Just like you nothing at all for the story, or anything else besides the just running around in a world of zombies. It felt really cool, and we all branched out in other ways from one another covering a huge amount of cool things we could do. It was just overall very fun. Once we heard dying light 2 was coming out we all agreed to get it day one doesn't matter. We had that much general fun in it, and got later DLC as well and enjoyed it all. I'm a little sad though there isn't a female version? For gamer gals? A really simple thing to some gamers to help pull them more into the game.   Beyond that really, my buddies and I will have fun with the game like before I am very sure. Probably try different paths and such. but we will see. I went very combat heavy, maybe I will try more parkour?
@11:30 that dude looks like McLovin
Considering going with peacekeepers. The great this is you can replay this and go through each faction of you want
I once met Jake in a GameStop in Center Moriches New York on Long Island that’s no longer there years ago before I even knew who he was
I'm extremely excited for Dying light 2. I remeber the first one getting mixed reviews but i bought it on a whim and LOVED it. I'm more hyped to start dying light 2 tonight. Thanks for giving a realistic review, and including the bit about the day one patch. It may not fix everything, but the amount of reviewers I have seen RIP into this game for the bugs and NOT mention they're playing without that patch is annoying.
Mirrors edge meets zombies
When are Sifu reviews?
It's a real shame that story and writing is no longer a priority in gaming nowadays... still can't find anything to compare with The Witcher 3 or the Mass Effect trilogy.  Every action RPG just feels empty and devoid of any personality compared to those types of games.
My lil brother put me onto your page and I’m subscribing!
So this is what Fallout 5 would have been like.
Compared to Fallout 4 which has a similar world and scope of adventure, choices, etc. is Dying Light 2 a far better game?
Loved the first dying light, I was always scared at night and I’m sure that’s how I’ll feel this time around😂
No pvp I don’t want it. I just want pvp bro. The btz was way too good and I still play it up to this day
I don't expect anything from the game where they tell me there is day 1 patch.
30fps on the series s. :(
loved the first game but not sure abt the second one yet the mechanics looks like unfinished like after you swing and make contact u instantly stop at the speed of light only one or two animations for weapons to camera sway and movement based on what you are doing ingame and less immersiveness also the graphics when u cut to a cutscene is so noticable it kinda loses its immersiveness one second its cartoonish graphics then next cinematic like just my opinion tho
2:18 voice crack lolz
2:03 my god it looks like he’s underwater, it’s so floaty
Lame game like the first one
The Chinese new year steam sale was awesome
Im not into zombie games, but damn this game bring me old Assassins Creed parkour vibes! I'd might play it just because of that
14:50:00 14 hour and fifty minutes left until the game offical launch LETS GOOOOO
The hud is too similar to horizon new dawn
Guess its wait for a sale for me.  Got a couple bigger games to play this month.
Love this review, seems very sincere. Loved Dying Light 1 and I really didn’t care about the story.
Another before u buy as I already bought it haha
It’s funny because the first game story wasn’t amazing either, but still one of my favorite games so definitely picking this one up
11:57 :D me too!
“And I love cutting peoples heads off” and clip
Already bought and downloaded just waiting until midnight 👍
I loved the first game! But I couldn't finish the following because of a glitch that wont let me go back to the countryside 🤦‍♂️had a blast with it tho, one of my favorites from this generation
I just want a ps5 patch for the first one still this is still pre-ordered of my series x for tonight but I could easily go back to the first one again after this
I never finished the first game. Is that needed to understand this story? I got to the 2nd world/area and ended up getting sidetracked and never went back. Really liked it though!
I’ve always wanted to try the first one but never got to it. Those who are playing the second, would I recommend trying the first or it is outdated now compared to the new one with how it plays, graphic, ect?
Didn’t play first game but as a gamer with a Xbox series s I won’t get this one can’t possibly play a game at 1080p and 30fps
can you fix your weapons in this one? if not ill skip, if i have a legendary weapon i want to keep it
Can you play dying light 2 in ps4??
W
Definitely prefer the first dying light. Aidan feels waaaaay too slow. And what the hells with the stamina drain walking up ladders? Boring forced tutorials.
No zombie game can be better than days gone😍😍😍
Wallrun, hell yea! Imma run them walls!
If the gameplay is as good or better than one, ill be playing the absolute f*ck out of this game.
If dying light 1 is anything to go by, even if it releases slightly buggy techlands post launch support will be great
Whats people's opinions of the story in the first game? I actually enjoyed it, so I'm hoping that's a good indication that I'll enjoy the story in this game too
I'm so excited I'm going to wallmart tomorrow to get my copy been waiting for this game for years
In Dying Light the day lasted 45 min and the night only 15 min on normal difficulty.I hope the extended the night cycle in this game because 15 minutes is ridiculous and barely gave you time to get some underwater algae that were so necessary to make health boosters
No wonder there are pc performance problems when Techland went scummy with pc version by announcing denuvo just a couple of days before the launch. That was such an underhanded slight of hand by them and my preiorder was canceled and money went to preordering Elden Ring.
Instructions very clear, bought the ultimate edition.
Hot pile of garbage
I’m sorry I just can’t bring myself to buy the game. I didn’t with the first one. It’s just not my type of game. Days Gone in my opinion is way better than this. That’s just my Opinion though! But thanks for the review. It does look like a beautiful game though and those who like this game and franchise I know will appreciate it
This is performance mode at 1080p and it looks absolutely gorgeous
They need to enable AoE looting.
Thanks for the review Jessie Eisenberg lmao. God I hope you can turn off those health bars, they ruined Far Cry so I hope they don't ruin this!
It doesn’t look to good at the moment, the jumping seems abit clunky and the parkour looks extremely slow. But I haven’t given up hope yet, excited for later updates
Man can we get a big up for these videos? Best gaming news and reviews platform out there.
Very bloody depressing that on ps5 it’s 1080p 60 FPS…
Bro this is like literally open-world post-apocalyptic Dishonored
Question for the OG players: never played the first one. Is it worth picking up now with all the content and aging? I wont be picking this one up because it doesnt call my attentiin like the first one. But is it worth picking up now, the first DL?
Played the base game of DL1, really liked it though, and interested in DL2
You guys are gonna be busy this month 👀
Didn't play Dying light for the story at all on the first one, great came nonetheless amazing support. Definitely going to be buying this one and recommending it to friends.
I like to hear reviews that are actually about the game and not GRAPHICS or FRAME RATE. I grew when if a game managed to run on your PC that was a blessing. People focus too much on the look of the game and not the actual game itself.
"Not Cyberpunk bad" when you fucked up so much that it becomes a benchmark.... Damn
played DL1 a total of 4 times i think. really big fan on how much they support the game post launch
This is what happened when developers put a time and high effort into their creation of art it becomes masterpiece
ROADHOUSE! ROADHOUSE! Something weird about the lighting. Seems a bit too orange or something...
Sounds like a good game to wait til it's under 100$
Again Jake you nailed your review 👏  what a pleasure to listen to your work.
Another disappointed release. 1080p and 60fps on new gen consoles... Thats why I hate these in games that still cater to old gen. Horizon is gonna do that and so is elden ring.
I do wanna know if there’s multiple save slots or if you can have multiple characters. Like one to play by myself and one to play with my friends
I played d1 and D2* since launch so repetitive grinding shouldn’t be a problem for me lmao (Destiny 1 and Destiny 2)*
7:19 I legit thought Lionel messi  was in this game holy shit
Personally i will love the story from what i have seen and if i do then the choices will be amazing for shure for people who dont care it could be a bit meh
The parkour looks so floaty 🤔
So I wanna get it but I’m worried it’s gonna be like cyber punk😅…..The company said that the game is 500 hours but now I’m hearing some people who got it early said they have beaten the game in 45-50 hours. So I’m really conflicted on whether or not I should buy the game😕
Dying light 2 costs £55 on the PlayStation store but £60 on the xbox store??
I’ll wait for it to go on sale
So wait 2 years when it's patched and $15 during a spring sale. got it.
2:18 lol what is that voice crack
Great review, Jake! I plan on getting the game on release and your review helped me decide!
The first dying light was pretty good I’m just excited for a new zombie game more than anything
The one thing I find myself possibly hating about this game is the "turn" gage where you have to keep sitting in Ultraviolet Light to not turn into a Zombie. 🤔
Looks promising
the only zombie game for me is WWZ but this always interested me
Jake: "I love cutting people's heads off" Us: "Jake are you ok? Tell us who hurt you. "
The game is not what some of us expected but it's fun to play Just for fun
i think it looks like a good successor to the first one, as you stated the storyline isnt great but the gameplay is, i always felt that way about dying light 1, it was a acceptable story but nothing crazy.
It seems great but the animation for picking up items is just hilarious😂
adding Jake Baldino to the FBi watch list....
nothing on co op? :(
I bought the first Dying Light and I haven’t been able to get the fun out of it that everyone else has. However , I’m on my first play through and I play without HUD. I already bought the Second Dying Light but I do intend on finishing the first and then going to the second. Can anyone give me some tips for the first one ?
No one mentioned the multiplayer, does this game not have it or are they just not reviewing it?
I think we can all agree, that at least it's not CP:2077 bad...
Definitely gonna get this. Might just be me, but I enjoyed the side missions in the first game, even though they could be repetitive. Hope they also come out with a following type dlc, the vehicle play was awesome.
Eh it feels like more of the same, looks like we can wait for a sale.
At 7:16, did anyone else think the char was modeled off of Tom?
Gonna wait for a sale with this one
Total disappointment the game runs 1080p on next gen consoles what a joke!
A mechanic where you have to be careful not to piss off either faction sounds like it would quickly get tedious to constantly manage, I guarentee if the game featured that you'd be complaining about that instead rather than the fact that your actions have no consequences when it comes to the factions themselves.. This was the better option where you don't have to risk losing reputation with one faction depending on what you're doing.
i love the first, the original,it's still better than some games that comes recently,the melee was and still is excelent,but i hated the expansion where they forced you to use the car,the fun of this game is in the parkour,in the roofs,on narrow points,the story itself was boring.if this one has the appeal of the first without the expansion Open fields boring running and driving,than i'm in.
my god no wonder devs are suicidal these days every one has an opinion and this is mine it is not fact just an opinion. gamers say a game sucks its to short 70 dollars for this it was to short to its to long 400 hrs way to long to much bloat. what the world if you love the game 400 hrs is still to short for the time you want to spend in the world if you dont like the game dont play it but dont trash it for the people who love it again opinions lets all show each other some love and respect
I’m personally pretty disappointed with 1080p 60 for performance mode
Is the co-op good though? Does it make the gameplay harder with more people you have?
I haven't even played it cause it's not out on Xbox yet
I literally got a dying light 2 ad on this vid
To be honest, I would have been extremely satisfied with the same size world with more content. Why does everyone think the world needs to be bigger?
I heard that there’s lots of bugs so I’m not getting it until march
" I love cutting people's head " - apparently Jake in 2022
Hmm, nothing new to my eyes. This is the first piece I've watched on the game and I don't see anything special. The Parkour is limited (mirror's edge did it better in my op), the combat is mostly melee and nothing I've seen in the video pushes the title above standard for me. It looks like a mish mash of other games put together in one except the mixed parts weren't the best parts out of those games.
This game looks beautiful can’t wait to dive into the world of Dying Light again
Im a couple hours in I'm loving it so far. Playing it a day early
Is it just me or does the video narrator sound a little like Jesse eisenburg?
So basically it's Dying Light 1, again. Bad voice acting, early days technical issues, copy/paste quests, not an amazing game but not bad either. TL;DR wait a year or two and when it's on discount.
Really sad to hear the story flopped on this one. Heard the same thing from a few outlets.
Didn’t the first dying light have like an invade mechanic where a player can be a zombie? Is that in this one?
Well guess I know what I’ll be doing this weekend
A few notes about the PC release that weren't mentioned: It will have Denuvo DRM for the 1st few months. So expect a 20% hit to your frames off the back. It is supposed to support Ray Tracing so I imagine there will be some truly incredible night time screen shots out there. The preload is available NOW Initial download size is about 30GB It has support for Nvidia DLSS so folks on 20/30 series cards should be able to take advantage of this to help boost your frames (a gift for 1440p and 4k gaming)
I feel like no one really played dying light for the story it was the gameplay and differences that it had then in different zombie games same as dying light 2 the gameplay is the best I’ve seen
Is it just me or does the jumping look ridiculously slow? Like you're almost floating
Bruhh half of skill tree should be available instantly, the whole skill tree is trash lol
I met the devs at eurogamer for the first game, my god I've never fell in love with a game so much, I remember being heartbroken when they delayed the first one even though it was for a short while. Now the second game is here I feel as excited as I did all the way back in 2015.
any news on pvp invasions like the first DY?
I dont really care about anything in the game, Duplicated interiors ( most likely to save MB ) The map The parkour.. The only thing i care about is... DROPKICK HELL YEAH DROPKICK!!!
Definitely buying it on sale game looks great but I am not paying full price for a game that doesn’t give me the option to play first or third person and enjoy the game how I want to
Is it me or the gravity is little bit low in this game?
I'd buy it just for supporting Denuvo
So its boring, broken and un-optimised... yet you recommend it at full price? These reviews are always going to be biased otherwise you'd stop getting sent review copies.
hello if iL buy ps4 version,can i upgrade later on ps5?
I didn't even like dying light 1, maybe I'm the only one but the problem you stated here of bland characters and story was in first game too. I started it excited and loved it at first, mainly due to parkour but the story and characters made me wanna get over it as fast as possible. I just wanted it to end, it became kinda like a chore to finish the game for me.
never been big on zombies or horror.... but I liked Mirror's Edge and this is looking pretty good! gonna go for it. you convinced me
The first one was just so immersive with the way they slowed it down showing full force of your weapon hitting to the sounds it made! I’m downloading DL2 now and hope I’m not let down! The first DL was just a masterpiece! Nuff said for now
Lads, why is nobody saying this, is the flooded city block in the game or not, I need answers.
Seems a bit underwhelming to be honest. I'm going to wait for a sale on this one, especially with Horizon and Elden Ring coming up.
I loved the first game so much. I still play and enjoy it. Im look forward to this one but I may wait for some of the bugs to be worked out before I pick it up.
Wasn't there supposed to be a religious zealot faction and helping one side or the other effects the city.
Looks dope AF
I just hope that I can turn off enemy health bars
Worth getting on PS5? Played a bit of the 1st game but never really got into it
I’m so glad to see how much this channel has grown since i started watching it. Used to average 30k a video and now you guys are averaging over 300k a video. This is what hard work looks like, and it’s nice to see it pay off for you guys. You guys are about to hit 7 million subscribers and haven’t changed a bit. If you have, it’s only been for the better. I feel like I can truly trust your opinions, and I understand the difference of what I’m getting when it’s Jake doing a review vs falcon. You guys have never led me wrong and I just wanna say, i don’t know if you guys are still in the area, but if I see Jake walking around midtown with a Falcon on his shoulder, pizzas on me.
Ima prolly pass I’f a game dosnt have a good story for me to explore then passssssssss
The janky story, the Ubisoft alike Countryside, the generic melee combat and the uncanny valley Characters and their faces when talking to you, the whole thing jest puts this on the wrong side of worth a buy. This game is NOT going to my must buy list
This is the most shady review I've ever heard You literally sound like the developers are standing behind you with a 44 magnum placed against your temple lmfao, like the whole time I was looking for the help trigger word,  if your in trouble just randomly say bananas  we will get it lol. Idk I just felt like you wanted to yell  DONT BUY THIS GAME but you contractually couldn't lol idk maybe it's just me but I'm seeing more red flags flying around than a bloods reunion.  😂🤣  I would love to see what the embargo rules are for this game.
hey
Idk I don’t really like the health bars it doesn’t feel quite immersive idk atm I still thing dying light 1 is better still
Hahaha pre order go brrrrr
If it's going to be an upgraded version of the same thing like Assassin's Creed 2 was I'll be very happy with it.
Not liking those health bars but im sure they can be turned off. The day time also looks wayyyyyyy too empty in the streets, half of the fun of the first was the amount of zombies around the map, id spend hours just throwing them onto spike traps and messing around.
I think a lot of this games future rides on the dev team and how they go about things, its good if they are going to fix some issues weekly and not.. once a year, also it could be a good thing if they listen to the fans and gamers on stuff they like/dont like and elaborate on those things if necessary.
CO-OP!!! i dont feel this game is fun without it, i loved the first one because of that
I played Dying Light 1 after a discount and it came with a bunch of DLC (gold edition or whatever) and the DLC ruined the game. The weapons were so OP and trivialized the game for me so I didn’t get the full experience. It was hard not to use them in tough times lol so It’d be nice to start from scratch again.
Jake Baldino, the Liker of Things
It looks good but damn, that floaty feeling is very obvious.
11:31 why is post-apocalypse Jake Baldino in the game??
wondering how it will run on original xbox one??
looks fantastic and I can not wait to play! i loved the first one..tons of hours into the game and still play it and enjoy it!!
I absolutely loved the first game in a big part because of the characters. The characters are what got me into it in the first place. To find out that the characters in this game are somewhat boring is kind of a bummer :/. I'm sure I'll still enjoy it though!
They better have an Angel Sword in this mofo.
Who runs with their arms like that - it would drive me mad.
Shame it's only 1080p 30fps on series s. Xbox store wasn't clear on that so I managed to get a refund. Sorry but I refuse to play this game unless they patch to make it 60fps. It's either the limitation of their in house engine or they're just lazy. Plenty of bigger and better looking games hit solid 60fps on series s. Even Ubisoft patched watchdogs legion to hit 60fps after it launched at only 30fps and they famously don't care about their player base 😂.
I'm looking forward to it.
i have 1060 and i bought it just because its dying light
Best reviewer ever
cant wait to use hacks and walk on the streets like a normal guy
look, i love dying light, and im so keen to play the second game, but from this video. it really feels like "running" is slow as hell, but they put in over dramatic arm movements to make it seem like your moving faster.. it might just be that the character is low level and can't move fast. but  either way, im not really satisfied with how the movement speed looks just from these clips... either way im gonna play it, but im curious if anyone else has the same feelings towards the game from this video
Looks cheesy AF
Never played any dying light so i think I’m going to enjoy it regardless
Dying Light 2 uses Denuevo. Well, another game i wont play or buy until Denuevo gets removed.
I liked Dying Light. So if it looks better, the movement is better, and the combat is better (but otherwise the same) then I'll have fun with it. Waiting to see how it'll run though 'cause I don't know how well my PC will handle it these days.
Wow congrats on making it to 10 on trending!!!
i played dying light 1 for over 600 hours and it's so good to have a new dying light game almost 6 years later, man how time moves quickly
Wait??? Dying Light had a story?? I thought it was just grapple hooking around and climbing stuff... Hmm
Sorry but a shitty story, a completely forgettable cast and subpar writing ARE a deal breaker for me in a STORY-DRIVEN SINGLE PLAYER game. I honestly can’t understand how some people are recommending this. 40+ hours of pure boredom with some sporadic moments of fun when you traverse the map.  WOW
Tell me there's a character like Jade Aldemir in Dying Light 2? I felt most attached to her character arc.
The first one was surprisingly good, for how repetitive it could be. I even played to the end. Never go around to the dlc with the car though. I’ll probably grab this on sale.
Me whos gonna crack the game for free still watchin this like should i buy?
Can you turn off the motion blur?? Only thing holding this old game back
I'll wait a loooot of time before buying this. I'm looking forward to it, not gonna lie, but I'll wait
Jake Baldino the Beheader
Jumping still so floaty and some of the parkour animations are looking bad.. :/
Falcon's pessimism is bleeding through you Jake. Not good.
Could i play on 60fps with amd radeon rx 580?
Gameranx is the best game "journalist"? I forgot what to call him but it's not far from God damn awesome like nobody can top him
I love how “cyberpunk” has become synonymous with “overhyped bug filled garbage”
Before you buy. Well I already did.
the day 1 patch still isn’t out
Ok I love the hell out of the games but they ALWAYS DO THIS like with black ops zombies the og  crew was taken (rip Takeo Dempsey Richthofen and Nikolai) and with dl2 they took my main man crane... Rip dude sorry you didn't make it to dl3 :( AND TREYARCH TOOK SOAP MY BOY AND MASON games do this too much and I don't dig it
Jake's enthusiasm towards this is all of us just fucking waiting for this. I'm really glad they took their time and can't wait for the post launch commitment to this Game.
I'd just like to remind everyone here to not pre-order the game. Sure it looks cool and good. But that still doesn't mean you can wait until AT LEAST day one. That's when the real player reviews come in. Even just wait 12 hours until after release.   We all waited 7 years for this, one or two more days to make sure it's worth the money isn't a big deal.
I just finished beating my shmeat great video for watching after
Doesn't seem like it's worth the price at launch. I'll wait for a sale.
I can't wait for this game. you didn't talk about the coop part at all.
I already bought it but I’ll watch this anyway
Balanced and honest, good review.
I didnt like the first one. I think this one will not change my mind
too late i bought it, but u still gonna watch it :)
For me it's like before you download a pirated copy
Are we not gonna talk about leak
It looks kinda floaty and some animations look weirdly unrealistic and slow where others are fast and silly and I really don't like the movement sometimes, also wtf happened to spike I loved everything about the last game some people feel like robots and they are just reading a script with no ambitiousness while others have excellent acting like c'mon :/ I'm not buying another dying light after this one if there is another they are slowly going to murder their game like all other companies have been doing atleast it looks like the gameplay keeps up but it worries me I replayed the first game plenty of times so far this looks like a one and done.
I just played through dying light after seeing the trailer for this game, I don’t know how I never heard of it before that, and now I’m super excited for when this comes out on steam
4:40 what was that shadow animation lol
Why do i always watch before you buy when I already bought the game? Lmao
Dying light was my first ever m rated game and has stuck as my favorite this whole way, it barely feels real that the second is coming out
How is the co-op experience in 2? Dying light 1 was the best coop game for me of all times lol
Loved the first game and I am hyped for this one although I might give it a few weeks before I buy it so they can iron some of the usual launch issues out
This is the only series I trust when I'm deciding on buying a game.
it's sad i can't test this game this month, bought uncharted legacy and horizon forbidden west for PS5 + Elden Ring and GG strive for PC, my wallet is crying rn xD
I hope they bring the online night zombie game mode where you invade other player games
Within the first 2 mins of this vid I seen the character run across a power line. And jump through multiple tree branches. Hard pass for me.
I live in Britain but today I'm from New Zealand 😎
Aiden from Watch Dogs? 😂
I've heard so much about this game that I bought the first one platinum edition and I'm enjoying it so far
They should consider removing pointers, x where you should land and yellow lines, where to climb etc. It takes out of the realism, or at least make it optional.
No matter what you said about that game, I’m still going that buy it, I’m still going to play it and I might as well damn enjoy it!
Is it only me or why it seems that the Character is floating when jumping ?
Sound like what I expected it to be. It would be nice to have a good story but I'm looking forward to fun gameplay. Hopefully the bugs aren't too bad
How are u playing it so early
I'm really interested in trying out the new Dying Light game, personally despite the age of the original Dying light. It's by far the most fluid freestyle running and zombie killing game I have ever played, I loved the updates and the love that was given and still is present today towards Dying light. I'm hoping that same astonishing light and bountiful array of memories in solo campaign and co-op with friends can be expressed for everyone within the new Dying Light 2.
Need an update when the patch comes out
tommorow boys LETS GO
again in germany it is the censored version so dont buy this shit
Tom cruise: the game :P with all the running get it hahaha
It looks like dying light 2 lacks gravity
the first dying light is boring af this looks no different
"And I love cutting off people's heads"  Me: "Yeah, me too"  "In the videogame"  Me: "Oh? Oh I mean, yeah sure. Me too"
eren in the background with ptsd walls where!!!
Playing part one now
As if I can buy it
This game is a fun time but ill probably wait a year before i buy it, same rule with most new games these days because they have gotten expensive and pre-ordering/buying them day one is not a must for me. I can wait and replay older games or one i haven't experienced till that time.
Hopefully it will come to Game Pass in a year..
Feels like what cyberpunk should've been from that gameplay
Does the game embrace the dualsense on ps5
Not really liking the look of the impact of hits to zombies . Jus looks like ur hitting them, not like dying light 1 where each swing felt like I was really doin damage with each blow (pause) like if I swung a katana their limbs would fly off but off this gameplay it doesn’t really give of that affect if that makes sense. Also why add health bars to zombies now? It was perfectly fine without them and ruins the immersion too.
The fact, that I will be in the plane flying home while the game is released, is pissing me off. I want to play this so much on launch ! Big jelly of people who sit at home waiting :(
Video games have become too mainstream. Unfinished games, lack of deep stories, hackers, companies that care more about money than loyalty, gamers that dont even try to adapt to how a certain game is, game creators and gamers have ruined everything good with gaming.
The hand gestures for looting sucks.
Jake Baldino's quote of the week: I love cutting off people's heads 😂😂
I hope there are still those spots to grind levels like tHe bridge. Super sad there’s no guns I liked to switch it up sometimes
Is it just me or are the GFX worse than in DL1 ?
2 things, I swear to god there better not be damn zombie kids again and then watching zombies literally appear out of thin air when trying to open a lock every 10 sec or somethin
Hey gameranx i got dying light 2 yesterday and thats before release
You talked about hard crashes, is the game just throw you to deskrop or is the console shutting off? Wish the game was without glitches at launch after the delays
So its like just cause where mobility "feels" great and you've a lot of toys to play around with but the game is plagued with the tediousness of the open world formula?
Was a heavy pvp player in the first game
I really enjoyed the first one, I think I want to get this one. I’m just trying to decide when.
I wish my friend could have lived to see the sequel..
You didn't mention anything about coop
Why do I always watch the "Before You Buy" videos AFTER I do the buying lol
So, worse story but better gameplay than the first one.  Should balance out.
The no guns thing is honestly what did it for me think I’ll wait till it goes on sale.
Looks like they tweaked the floaty jump a little bit, but not too much.
Other reviewers : the game is Bad People : yeah the game is bad IGN : the game is Bad People : this game is masterpiece  👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
waiting for the day one patch see what it offers then ill decide
Gameranx: "I just love cutting off heads in a video game."  Germany: " Yeah, no."
1:56 robot jake
Will you be able to play this offline like the first one?
First game was awesome so i got good hopes for this one 😁  Game on 🎮
The story, to me, was never what was important in Dying Light. I have some memorable moments from the story of the first game but first and foremost it was me and the boys dropkicking zombies and parkouring our way around the map. As long as the second game offers just as much fun in the parkour aspect of it and the gore and fights are just as satisfying I’m going to be fucking happy.
The problem with this game is all the great things you ublock you unlock after 20+ hours and I disagree that the progression is balanced...I think lots will be turned off due to you not getting all the good stuff till near the end of the game.  That and the repetition this game borders on an average 7 out of 10 for me.
I’m still going to get it, I’m definitely a lot less excited though.
One thing that concerns me is how slow the running and parkour feels...? Was this noticeable playing the game and did it make gameplay feels sluggish? The hang time you get when jumping seems extremely underdeveloped.
All this time working on it and the sprinting arm animation looks like a spastic robot?
Reviews are bombing for this game, the exact reason I don't preorder shit anymore and the reason others shouldn't either 😅 we buy shit, they make shit
Honestly I need a new game to play and this game seems like the game I need right now so I'm in
I love the first Dying Light I'm so excited to play this and I was kind of disappointed when I saw the specs on Steam especially looking at gameplay doesn't look like it's the best-looking next-gen game for as demanding as it is
Its Glitchy as hell , if you betray leaders of groups the story still progresses on with parts where you help groups with barely any consequences or reprecussions , You fall through the friggin map (Tale old as time) , too expensive for a pre-order and its best to wait till they fix the glitches ...  Now you also have a time limit and gotta be forced to stay in UV light spots so exploration or going AFK in spots with zero ways for the AI to path find is not gonna be easy .
I needed that review. Finally someone with the same feelings as me about the first game. You guys are gamers and it makes all the difference. Thanks boiz.
A lot of reviewers seem to have moved on to “PS5 is the new current gen console” perhaps forgetting that a great number of us still have not yet been able to get our hands on one. For a hog like this game, it is even more important that someone tries it out on PS4, so we don’t have to live through another fiasco like Cyberpunk.
I'm a little upset, that I won't be able to play the uncut version because I live in Germany. I bought the first Game in Austria where you are allowed to sell it but with Part 2 that won't be possible, because if you by a steam-key in austria the game will be switched to a lame censored german version as soon as you download it with a german steam account. And tbh i don't wanna pay a vpn service, only to be able to play one game...
I'm watching the before you buy for dying light 2 but all I can think is,  Jake & Co. are probably playing their review copy of Elden ring right around now 🤤
Pre ordered dying light 2 tonight 🙏🏽
can't wait to play it!
30 fps in xbox series s, fucking techland :,(
not a fan of the zombies now having a health bar and level counter.
Seems as I expected. Not as good as the first game but not a bad game at the same time
Well i didnt play first part for story as well, was still fun, Will pick it up later when Its more solid,  companies should take even More time if they need it in my opinion.
I wish they'd atleast put a choice for the character to go clinical depressed and commit suicide, instantly roll credits and uninstall the game. I dissapointed.
I loved Dying Light but if the final boss in this game is a quick time event again I will lose my shit
Absolutely loved Dying Light and The Following. I was waiting for a sequel to this for so long and I’m just as excited now as I was then. Been dying to play this one, have really high hopes that it’ll be just as fun and just as excitingly terrifying as the first. 😂
I definitely skipped this one, knowing it would have Ubisoft-Syndrome. The signs were all there. Personally I'm just super, super burnt out on massive Western open world games. The combat and movement does seem cool though. I love that the past few years has seen games get more experimental with movement and combat animations, after such a long time of them being static. I hope more and more games think about this stuff.  Grappling hooks are such a trendy gimmick atm, but it's just always such a nice feature.
I love your Before You Buy videos. Honest, straightforward, and to the point reviews that don't lean too much either way. I always feel more confident in a title once I've seen it on your channel. About this one, hoping that they add a bunch of DLC (like with the 1st game), and that it helps with the 'empty' feeling you were getting from the huge world 👍🏽
Companies really need to start using testers so they can prevent a lot of these bugs and have so feedback on what they thought about the game so day 1 release doesn’t keep happening to every game
I played the hell out if the first one and the following dlc for it. Absolutely loved the first game. Yeah the story wasn’t anything to praise about, but the gameplay and open world was something i never experienced before especially for a zombie game. Best part was playing with friends as the co op felt great and almost anything you played, could be played with friends. If this game is anything like the first, I’ll definitely be eventually picking it up. Mainly for the drop kicking of course.
Just know that Dying Light 1 is still being cared for even to this day so imagine this game with a few updates
I enjoyed the first game and played with my friends so  I'll probably be getting but I'll wait until the save file  corruption with co-op is fixed.
Thank you man, I'm gonna buy it 👍🏻
Yup. I bought the game after seeing this one
Even Cyberpunk was better game on release than this !
I'm sold. But also I need to wait for the Horizon before you buy.
Fun another day 1 patch.... what's with games coming out already broken, like I remember when games were complete. Finish the game before you put it out to the consumer. I'm done with these types of marketing.
“I Love Cutting Off People’s Heads” - Jake
I just finished the first one and can't wait to get into DL2. Great review! 🔥🔥🔥
ONLY 1 SLOT for SAVE GAME. NO QUICK SAVE, NO MANUAL SAVE....
Just here to see if the drop kicks still present.
Do you still have to repair your gear?
Who wrote this script…
Holy fuck the UI seems cluttered.
I don’t like the way you say 2 bro
How is the multiplayer?
Do you need to play the first game to follow this one's story?
38 and some gaming blunders, just blow my mind! Amongst those is, how NO game gets multiple choice ending right, when books already did it, decades earlier and better.
Pretty sure this was supposed to get cross-gen co-op, but it doesn't (at launch). Now i hear it's a bugfest with an underwhelming story. Think I'll pass.
Is there a FOV Slider on the next gen consoles?
Have you tried it on PC?
Dismemberment is so underrated in videogames, every game should have dismemberment honestly 😅
Dying Light 2 and Horizon Forbidden West both this month.. Gonna be a great month..
I liked dying light original one very much Will try this too
it’s bigger AND BALDUR? boi, come!
As always, watching this after I buy. But I love the first game, so ultimate edition it is. The only thing I want is guns, which they take away in this game. But it makes sense, although this means it is no longer qualify as FPS, more like rpg? Well, nonetheless it seems hours of fun time is waiting ahead.
Here I am, acting like I'm mad aboutt the 500 hour runtime.
While he was talking about endlessly looting I got flashbacks to my rust and tarkov days.  Also this is one of the better game reviews that does not just complain about the story and main character all the time. (I might be a bit biased but I am just anxious for this game.)
This is one of those game that instead of "before you but" it's "before you play". because the gameplay alone would be a lot of fun it doesn't matter how bad the story is.
As a PC player, this review made me go from Wishlisting the game at the start of the video, and then unlisting it at the end. Liked the first, as I didn't really know what to expect. Not feeling hyped for this one, personally.
The first game was amazing great graphics great gameplay and story this one doesn't looks as good I'm so disappointed I hope it's better than this guy says
Dying Light is one of the best games... I hope Dying Light 2 will be the same.
Dying light 1 is still getting updates and free DLC's after 7 F'ing years so I'm not afraid to throw my money at Techland, they love their games as much as we do and they will support this one for a long time I highly suggest you play this game through with a friend, it's 10 times more fun and goofy when you are.  I've probably played the first one for more than 200 hours so can't wait to play this one
You could at least have waited for the game to release before making a review..
As I don't have a ps5, I'm curious about how it works on ps4. Hearing about how demanding it is on pc and even ps5, I'm a little worried.
I didn't know it was out already
I put 22 hours into Dying Light 1 for my save file to become corrupted on Xbox One for no reason. I was sooo pissed I never played it again until last week. I'm glad I went back DL1 is a really fun game .  I'm just worried about no traditional firearms in Dying Light 2, I would love a sawd off shotgun as a side arm with different ammo types you can craft.  Then a sniper / assult rifle hybrid like a Scar H .308. Oh well the mele combat is really good in DL1 so I can't wait to play DL2.
Is the whole game co op like the first game?
Why is literlary everyvody reviewing this game when the developers begged people not to review before day 1 patch is released on day 1 ( tommorow) .....
Yea I’ll pass on this one.. the game seems very underwhelming tbh
As long as we can dropkick zombie from rooftop is hella fine
Night time doesn't seem to be as dark as Dying Light was.
The day one patch isnt even on🗿
How did you gain access so early
"I love cutting off people's heads" - Jake
Let’s be honest this game is made for atleast 5 year and by them this could be a masterpiece by then
It would be nice to know how the game fares on Series X as far as glitches, framerates, and performance etc.  I know Jake loves him some Sony, and absolutely despises him some Microsoft.  But after watching this I have no idea what to expect on my console.  Since alot of us "before you buy" folks play Series X, it would have been nice Jake, to have the same info that you give your fellow playstation fanboys.  I'll have to go watch another review now to know what to expect on Series X.
This night timer is a bullshit, I was hope for something immersive like loosing control over body or even playing as a zombie for a while before GAME OVER shows but no, he just die. Best part in Dying Light 1 was playing as a volatile against other ppl, here they just FORGOT I guess 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Techland support for dl1 was 7 years, so sure they will fix, update and improve over the year's. Like dl1 in 2 years it will be looked at as a cult classic lol
absolutely loved dl1, this would've been a day 1 purchase had it not been for how the last year or so has been going. instead I waited for this video and now... I still don't know😅
Consistently great Before You Buys that I've grown to fully trust. I wish you guys had a chance to review the PC version with Denuvo. Kind of pissed they added Denuvo so late with the intention of slipping it in under ppls radar; would have liked your hands-on impressions of that.
Kinda pissed you dont start with the grappling hook
The day 1 patch isnt out yet, should have done a review after that imo.
Fun fact..I am one of those guys that pre-orders the game and then see the “before you buy” 😂
Awesome review guys!
I just hate the fact that they cancelled their original plans on bringing in some new weapons , especially firearms. Only melee and occasionally a bow are getting boring real quick.
For anyone experiencing mixed reviews... This is the one you're going to want to listen to.
running animation looks weird
7:16 is that messi lol😂
"i like cutting peoples heads off" -jake
Even in the first game what made it great was the gameplay not story
Where are thosd big hordes of zombies? Or would hordes Look stupid because every zombie has a health bar and instead getting rid of health bars, they got rid of those big hordes that makes this game its atmosphere. I hate when they have to put health bar to everything. Asiassans creed got health bars now, far cry got health bar now. Why, why is that so necessary.
People cry and complain to much...  just play the damn game
Please do the gunk
You set yourself for disappointment, when they say factions you thought obsidian new Vegas factions and that was lighting in a bottle not even obsidian can deliver on that again (the outer worlds was crap). When a dev says your actions matter expect them to matter in a program video game way not organic but explicitly scripted
I genuinely still can't understand why this generation of consoles thought it would be okay to have games run below 60fps, they should be able to run at 60fps MINIMUM while maintaining graphical fidelity. It's the audacity for me, the way they claim they can go above 100fps and up to 8k, ok cool, so what are we sacrificing at that point, is it 8k but 15fps for graphic mode? I would have assumed that if there actually were games that eventually run at that, THEN I could understand games running at 30fps.   As it stands I think people should be calling them out for trying to cut corners.
I think you were being a little hard on the game when you were talking about decisions not making a difference in the game. Every game nowadays says that decisions that you make will have an impact on the game but it never turns out to be true. So I don’t think that part of the game should be judged too harshly because every other game that is made nowadays says the same thing.
Does it have Co-op like the original?
I like that you declared your potential biases upfront. I wish more outlets would do this 👍
I would have hoped the decision you made had a greater impact. Think Mount and Blade. Recruit soldiers, defence bases, upgrade bases while still having a main story and tons of side quests.
I love watching before you buy after I bought the game.
this first entry of the series is my favorite game yet but going at night man it's tense i went in night just one time in the story mode and i was so spooked that i never went in the night again i wonder how scary it'll be with the new zombies
Nice definitely will wait on this one until they patch it up a little more.
the streets look very empty compared to the first one
I was hearing a lot of negative talk and rumors about DL 2. After watching this video, it made me feel so much better to hear that the game is fun and satisfying.  Tyvm for making these videos, I love them.
So basically DL1 but a bit better ? Sign me up !
So here I am, hyped, but still undecided on DL2 until...I see the character Hakon. I'm looking at this guy and thinking, "Damn, where do I know this guy?!" Look it up and it's fuckin' David "I Created Modern Parkour," Belle!  Yeup, sold!
Seems is the first game on pandemic era, everyone wanna buy it, is not broken, or at least, only a bit
why most of zombies are only males? bandits same? the virus and the evil only affect males?
Heard the writing was rough but the gameplay looks solid everything the 1st had and more I think elden ring is gonna win this month defo gonna pick this up next month though
techland has told players to not judge the game by playing the early access and wait till the launch. So I guess the game will be much better after the day one patch
Before you bu- me who pre ordered it: 👁👄👁
This is bullshit. Sorry but omg stop halfas your games.
09:18 take multiple opinions. Interestingly I watched another review that was the other way around: repetitive gameplay, but an amazing Story and characters 😂  But in my experience gameranx is always the closest
Thanks Jake! Will totally buy this game!
Best game reviews ever. At this point I know that Jake and I have somewhat similar taste, so if he likes it I know I will most likely like it too. Thanks Jake, looking forward to playing it this weekend.
I got a dying light 2 add on this video, they are starting to make sense
I’m glad the core gameplay is atleast fun, I’m a little bit worried that the story is bad or uninteresting compared to the first but I guess I have to find out for myself
Looks the like the first, seems to play like the first. I'm sold
those loot animations tho... :/
there were a lot of different guns and “gun variants” in dying light 1. is there no more pistols, rifles, shotguns, ext. in this one? that’s what it sounded like he said
I am a little bit disapppointed about the lack of zombie hordes at day… I really loved that in the first game. But that‘s just from what I‘ve seen in the videos, let‘s see what the game feels like when it comes out tomorrow
How are people already playing?
Me watching after already pre ordering the game
From what I'm hearing it sounds like the gameplay and sandbox aspects are fantastic. And the story is stupid. Which is exactly what I felt about the first game. And I absolutely LOVED the first game.
IGN pretty much called it a buggy mess .....guess there cheque got lost in the post 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️
"I love cutting off people's heads" Jake Baldino
me who preordered
If you like running around and beating things with sticks and shitty animationdoing nothing this is the game for your
Can't wait to play this game as someone who spends 100+ hours on dying light 1. I couldn't help but notice the gimmicky 4:19 hand gesture while running and also the looting of bodies feels disconnected. Please patch it up!
This is one of the games i pre-ordered because the devs actually put time and effort with continued support on the previous entry i usually won't preorder games but i had to have this on day 1 the first game was such a unique spin on the post apocalyptic zombie setting + you know parkour/freerunning is awesome I've played through the first dying light multiple times and currently doing the hellraid content
I’m watching this even tho i already pre ordered the ultimate edition
I wish to play this game without getting headache 😂
To be honest I’m probably wait awhile to buy this game so i can get everything there gonna offer
first game made my anxiety go too high wasnt able to get past the second night how does this rate?
IT'S COMING OUT TOMMOROWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worth noting that the Devs Tweeted out earlier this week for anyone with early release copies to wait for a day 1 patch which will apparently contain many bug fixes and quality of life/performance improvements
Think this one’s a wait a bit and see for me. I bought DL1 about a year ago and immediately bounced off it. I know they say the more you play and build that skill tree out the moves become a lot more fun and so does the game but a few moments of frustration early on in the original, mixed with a still massive backlog, I’m a pretty hard critic these days for my own games and what I want to spend time on. With Forbidden West and Sifu coming very soon as well as whatever other surprises hit me on Game Pass I’ve got plenty to keep me happy until I have enough info on this one game whether I want to drop $60 or not. Who knows, maybe I’ll be in a mood one night and say to myself, “man I really feel like dropkicking some zombies face in.”
If there's a grapple hook there's my wallet.
I can't help but wonder... How does this game run on the actually available platforms?
Why does your character look like he's running through water? In the first game I felt like Usain Bolt when I sprinted
Looks boring so far.
I hate health bars above zombies heads, why did they do that. That breaks the atmosphere
Didn’t like the first one either
On PS5 I’m playing with the RTX shadows and AO version at 30 fps. Digital foundry said it’s Rock Solid, not choppy at all. But you did say you’re no experts.
After 2042 never again pre order
so dl1 but better im gonna have so much fun then
Why don’t people just be honest in their marketing - “the choices you make ripple out and effect the world in unimaginable ways”   Why not say - “we have some cool systems where you can allocate liberated bases to different factions”
I heard so much crap because the game took away the loot animation.. and yet what do I see right at the beginning..    At this point I'm taking everyone's opinion as BS and I'm going to wait for it to launch and get my own opinion from my own gameplay
Dying light is my favourite zombie game i cant wait to play it tomorrow on pc
Meh, if characters and story suck why would i keep playing
Just watching this after I pre ordered it
11:57
“We show late game areas but it’s spoiler free”  This is an entirely paradoxical statement, lol, but thanks for the heads up
Is this a continuation of the story from dying light 1 or its a whole another story?
The game just seems okay and for $60 bucks. It doesn't really seem worth. Will check it out when its on sale in a year
I just finished the first Dying Light not too long ago and don’t have any knowledge on the second one. I say that to ask, what happens/happened to Crane? I know he passed out at the end of The Following but that’s it?
After watching this, I'm already sold on it. The graphics alone are worth it. I gotta feeling this is going to be exactly what i was hoping for!
Dying Light is my all time favourite in this genre so I’m keen as mustard for the sequel.
And again they have no idea how bows function ... they even model the arrow rest but decide to just let the arrow mysticly glide along the outside
Do you suggest playing the first game before playing the second one from a story perspective? Is there any connections or maybe some cool references here and there?  Thanks for the great review!
Already bought it but going to watch anyway.... hope I don't regret it!
Think I'll just wait for Elden Ring and Horizon
I like the dying light games I just wish they added like a personal character creation to this , and abit more choices impact to this game would be better since there is only small choices , when they said years ago there be big choices to make . It's abit disappointing to notice they did not keep to their promises
"and I love cutting off people's heads"  -Jake Baldino 2022
The game has David Belle in the game.
Is it just me or are newer games looking worse and worse. Battlefield 2042 , dying light , far cry 6. The game gets bigger but it looses its soul . Please let me know if you think the same
I really want this game but new games are so expensive I've legit never bought a new released game cuz of the price like ik that the devs and stuff need to get paid but all I wish is that my parents didn't see video games as useless
Assassin’s Creed: Zombies 😂
Dying lights story was Never good
Better then IGN 😂😂
I think I'll wait for the price to go down a bit and instead I'll buy Horizon 2 and Elden ring.. Don't get me wrong, I loved the first Dying light. So far from what I've seen from the gameplay videos I kinda like the second one but there's something that just puts me off and I don't really know what it is... Thanks for the review, it really helped me a lot!
"I love cutting off people's heads!"  – Jake Baldino
I was always bored with “zombie” games and never really gave them the time. Then I played the first dying light and just absolutely fell in love with the game. The graphics were great, the characters worked, the story was intriguing. The game play made me want to keep playing to level up and get more gear, skills, experience. Even when people are too hard on these games and expect massive amounts expectations….it’s a game. First dying light was a great stress reliever that was more than fun to always play. Loved the blueprints and secret weapons you could fund. Dying light was top 10 for me !!
Hope there’s hoards in the game … would love if the dune buggies come back … the following dlc was so good
When the game was avaliblr for purchase, I decided to take the risk and get the ultimate edition(collector where not avaliblr in my country)
This garbage runs 30fps on ps5 lmao Boring story and character Its a 2/5 game
I wish you would've got 2 review copies so you can touch on co-op as well.
when the original Dying Light released i found myself really enjoying it but my fucking GOD it was laggy, Techland seemed to have fixed it within moments maybe even seconds of the game launching it feels because it was almost instant relief on my CPU/GPU (back then it was a i7 and 970) Heres to hoping they do the same with DL2
still not finished the first one great game and will buy this when its sail i am cheap
It hasnt even came out yet
Before I buy dying light 2 I gotta buy dying light 2
Jake "I love cutting off people's heads" Baldino
Ugh the parkour is so off-putting.
De playing this games with no health bars
Can you toggle first person to third when outside combat? Nothing worse (for me) than being stuck in claustrophobic boxey first person view when you want to explore.
damn this review made me want to play this game
I miss the "orange" color of the first game and also that dying light 2 has no weight when he swings
Already bought, but, I'm here anyway. So excited! 😍🖤🔥 I LOVE zombies.
it's interesting to see them lean more into the rpg element of Dying Light. The first game's skill trees were kinda lame and usually you'd pick the same skills each time (some were more beneficial than others), and didn't have much of an effect on overall gameplay. Maybe things will be a bit different here.
Can't wait to jump into thisss
Is it online
Seems like they didn't really learn anything from the first game but it's still okay game
A real shame that they decided to tell us they'll be using Denuvo a couple of days before release :(
11:58-11:59
Boring
1080p performance mode on new consoles wtf is up with that
the animations look weird is that just me
Amazingly genuine take dude!! Great review! Given lots to think about
"i like cutting people's heads of I'm games" Germans who didn't buy the uncut version: 😐
any chance you can show las gen footage? Xbox One X and PS 4 pro?
Reviews like this are why you're one of the most successful gaming channels on YouTube ❤️
dunno bout others but for DL1 except for the QTE ending the story felt super solid... Another reason i loved DL1 other than the gameplay, worldbuilding, atmosphere and progression
But I pre ordered it in June
Only thing that buggs me in this and first game is weapon breaking after using them,but nothing that mods cant fix 😀
Running and looting animations are utterly horrendous. They look so amateurish that I couldn't bring myself to believe that this was made by the same devs.
Honestly I think I'll hold off. Let the other Gamers play it. Then I will find out if it's good or bad. And not until then.
In regards to optimization and bugs, remember when the first game came out? They fixed it within 1-2 weeks
Let's be honest: the story from 1 wasn´t all that great, the gameplay was what make it an excellent game, and for me it's the best zombie game out there. The fact that 2 has a weak story isn't really a problem: the real problem is the overhype, and of course the technical issues. Let's hope the bugs can get fixed and that it doesn't end up as "Cyberpunk 2077 2.0".
I just dont like how the game is too smooth, dying light had better combat and parkour, in dying light 2 parkour is like you're flying all the time and the combat is ehhh.
"And I love cutting off people's heads"
7:18 is that messi during zombie apocalypse.
Just dropping by to let you guys know how much I appreciate Before You Buy. Not because it’ll necessarily dictate whether or not I’ll buy the game, but because Jake you are so likeable and relatable, and instead of watching a review, it’s more like listening to a friend describe a game they’re playing at the moment. Thanks guys, keep up the great work.
Is coop good?
Honestly I still need to play the first one so I’m probably going to try that one out and by the time I’m done with it maybe this one will be on sale. They both look super fun its just hard to fit in all the games I want to play
Sounds like another $20 game to me..I guess ill play this in 2 years unless a friend buys it lol
The game ain’t even out yet lol
Can games do anything different than 'guy looking for a lost relative' ?
I was a big fan of the first even though the story wasn't great
Nooo I am sad I pre-ordered the deluxe edition on January 30th I just wish I could start playing it
been looking forward to this one since beating the first
The first game is still awesome can,t wait to this one : )
Noooo I hoped the decisions wouldnt be underwhelming and you said they are :( damn
I LOVED the first one (especially the Following). I had actually forgot about this after it was delayed, then I saw your Before you Buy was up and preordered lol
always love the before you buy videos you guys do. Always top notch. Will you guys ve doing one for Horizon Forbidden West?
I might just play it because I like Jonah Scott. I didn’t even play Dying Light 1.
I mean....mein gott. 0:05 this game series has some of the best sights in the biz hands down.
I'll take it back to game store if it crashes just like I did with assassin's creed Valhalla on ps5
Only game journalist who knows what they're saying about this game. Carry on with this fantastic contents.
Im not a fan of the enemy health bars 😅 i liked the old game not having them
I’ll miss crane
Sounds like they focused on size rather then quality. I mean I’m still buying it but I really hoped the combat was fine tuned and that story mattered.
Bruh the game didn’t even come out yet for everyone and we already have this video 🤦🏻 can’t even bother watching
Can you ads with the bow!??
Speaking of the story, is it possible the cause of it is because of Chris Avellone left the project?   For you who doesn't know, he was supposed to write the story but then he was accused by some people of using his status for sexual misconduct and harassment towards women
i'm so excited for this game, and everything in it! all the choices and different outcomes are what i'm most excited for
A big nope from me. It seems the same game as the first one but with better parkour.
Before you buy is one of the first reviews I like to watch when I'm considering a new game. I'm happy that you're enjoying the game so far, I loved the first and am hyped for the second
I honestly didnt really care much for the first game, I played it.. beat it.. it was just ok? The thing is im not quite sure WHAT about the game left me feeling meh. Been some time so I purchased 2 in hopes of having some fun, we shall see. The game LOOKS fun but I mean it really just looks like the first game, with a new coat of paint.
Not spoiler: Aiden looses his girl at the end to the zombies, while Aiden mutation progresses
Dying Light can be a very unforgiving game...love it ❤️
Yawn.
I never know if to play on performance mode or graphics mode, what does everyone else do ?
I randomly started the IGN review... 4 seconds in saw gameranx clicked so hard threw my phone while the intro sound chimed through the room 😂😂
"I was underwhelmed but then I went back and did a dropkick on a dude and felt better. " -- Gameranx, 2022
Graphics look a bit budget 😵‍💫 not a massive step up from the first one. Dont get me wrong, the first one was punching ahead of its time but this doesnt look like a huge upgrade to me 😖 maybe im remembering the first too fondly….
Played the first one and besides the parkour gameplay I felt it was overrated. Side stories where disappointing and the main story was C+/B- tier. I believe that even though the gameplay gets better as you go, the fact that a lot of the gadgets and new moves you receive are optional and not part of the story progression (like Batman for example) made me feel that a lot of opportunities were missed. A lot of open world games tend to create a huge ass space and barely use it in the story or side stories, I felt they suffered from that quite a lot. The main story was not that long of a story and it wasn't quality over quantity if you ask me, so I hated when they pushed you to do a side quest or two to continue the main story as to make sure it took you a decent amount of hours to finish it. I was very hopeful for this second entry, kind of disappointed they didn't gave us a better story...
The voice acting is not hot or miss. The voice acting is absolutely terrible.
I took two paid days off and bought a scalper edition ps5 to play this!
I feel like a kid at Christmas waiting for D2 only a day away AND TIME GOING SLOW ASF😂😂
If you like killing zombies then buy this game
"Breaking News" Jake B admits to enjoying cutting people's heads off...'and then' playing videogames! :0)
Wwe dying light edition
The crossbows look great but are there any guns or machine guns at all?  Not that they were the best in D.L. 1 but just asking to know.  How about bows and arrows?
Looks like the story is shit most reviewers agree on that, all that Choices shit they hyped up looks to be cut fron the game  now its nit even decent, the world doesn't change with you choices
Trying to go into the game blind but want to know if its worth £55 or not.   Gameranx: Did i hear opertunity to drop tiny parts of the plot without spoiler warning?
As an avid player of the first game. This game looks even better. So what the story isn't amazing. Who really cares. The game looks phenomenal and the gameplay is a masterpiece
If you want an actual review of this, checkout ACG. This is more Jake fanboying.
I want this game for the parkour alone 😂 the zombies I s just a small part of it for me
I've been waitin' way to long not to buy this, I'm buyin' this no matter what, I'm still gonna watch this because I love y'all's videos
Will definitely hold off until it fully works, was proper disappointed with cyberpunk.
Can you turn the health bar off?
I loved DL1 yet this looks so disappointing I was getting this day 1 now i'm going to wait and see
Already bought the game just watched the video because i like watching your videos Peace. PS cant wait for the game
im so happy, i enjoyed and LOVED the last gamr and the following dlc especially putting 50 hours on following dlc with my friend and 30 on harran, you do not know how excited man is, i pre ordered it and i knew those good grades would come in handy
Mirror's Edge ZOMBIE EDITION!
Is it just me, or does the parkour and jumping look a bit off?
this game was released yesterday for jailbroken ps4 9.00 firmware 😉 and is 20gb
The MC moves  like a floaty Lego.
Are you still able to grapple to mostly anything or are there specific spots? I thought I saw something that said "grapple point" One of my favorite things from DL1 was leaping off a tall building and grappling the ground 3 feet away 😋
Never played the first one, was considering this one but after this review I am having cyberpunk flash backs so I will just play tales of arise again
Will I be able to play this on my laptop I have a 20 series graphics card but I know the first dying light didn't run good on laptops
I'll wait for the reviews on steam . See if there's any DRM issues before I buy it . Implementing Denuvo punishes paying customers 9 out of 10 times . The only game I have that doesn't seem to have negative effects is Deathloop . Everything else either stutters or crashes . Ima pass for now
11:57  Jake you psychopath 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why does the HUD look almost exactly as Horizon Zero Dawn? The compass, the resources, the health bar, textures of the hud, etc. Not complaining, just curious.
The story fell remind me of the first dying light (the last boss smh) so if the other stuff is dope then I still going enjoyed it.
The more you describe and I see, aside from the grappling hook, I have no idea what the difference is between this sequel and the first game.
game looks out dated, may be its the art direction like you said but open world games tends  suffer low quality graphics over all due to huge draw distances, i have to admit optimizing is really hard and challenging, i and trying to optimize a game that im currently working on, its a VR game for quest 2 and it runs horribly slow, the area is not even that big, mad respects for devs making huge open world games, the ones i loved especially was AC Odyssey and Riders Republic, Im hooked to RR man its so good
It looks kinda weird when he does that item search animation, like he's doing a macarena dance.
No guns ? Ehh...
I buyed this game 6 months ago and now it’s 1 more day can’t wait
I think the game is unfinished for some reason
I heard the first one was really fun….and I’m all for progression systems that are satisfying so I preordered this one, I’m pretty interested in seeing what it has to offer.
First one caught me off guard. Fell in love straight away. Still love it to thus day. Can't wait for the second!
After seeing that last cinematic trailer these graphics super suck...like I wonder what the 1st game looks like?
After replaying dragon age origins it made me realise how much I miss rpgs with awesome choices
i wont be getting dying light 2 .. no guns is a no go for me .
Zombies? Boring!
Pc version has denuvo so its a 7 year wait i guess.
The first dying light make me heart Race so much, especially during the night, i never feel so much addrenaline before for a game, and it's a good kind of scare too, not make you want to stop playing. i hope they keep this aspect in the second one.
I low-key kinda wish the UI look like the same as Dying Light 1. Maybe they should have an option to enable the classic dying light HUD. Otherwise this game looks good!
"I was kinda like bored of zombie games"  Well... someone hasn't been playing project zomboid
Finally after waiting for so long. I'm gonna buy this game this Saturday since I'm gonna finish my degree. Hell yeahh gaming all day everyday starting next week 🔥🤣
I love dying light and I know I’m gonna love the second one but the parkour feels kinda slow or floaty I hope they improve on this
Do you really have to use the force to loot things? Please tell me no!
Sucks it kinda looks like there’s a lot less street zombies during the daytime
I dont know how I feel about the melee combat compared to the first game it doesn't hit the same spot and doesn't have the impact it did and is arguably worse
I really dislike the new HDR look, it automatically looks less realistic than the first game, I hope there's an option to turn HDR off, I love the looks of the original
I've never played the 1st one but it doesn't look very good, (to me) cause of the linear parkour, platformer elements.
Parkour: The Game
You guys are dope at gameranx
Thanks for doing what you do Jake. I love these Before You Buys.
Cyber punk all over again
11:57 jake baldino having his Patrick Bateman moment:
Could use a before you pre order
Im worried ab the game now bc I have a ps4 and idk if it can run it if they ran it on ps5 and had performance issues
The faction buildings sound like ac brotherhood and revelations system but more advanced
Just purchased because this review
I think I might have to play the first one again before this.
Unfinished game is an unfinished game, I’ll pass.   :/
I  never played anything like dying light, it was so fun. I finished almost everything in the base game, and then boom dlc baby. the dlc feels like a stand alone game (honestly I don't mind if they call the dlc as dying light 2) and I will be gladly paying for that, but no, it is free, which is super awesome (since I got sick of the need to pay dlc all the time). I think dying light is my most fav game of all time
I used to watch gameranx for Falcon, now I watch it for Jake and just his honest opinions on stuff 🙌🏻
$40 game to me
I’m not a big fan but I’m still going to pick it up just because it looks interesting
Thanks Jake ❤️
Doing my first ever play through of dying light 1 with a friend, easily one of my favorite zombie games as a big parkour fan (titanfall, mirrors edge, assassins creed) really hope the movement feels just as good in this one
Does ist have Jumpscares
The damn healthbars are still there.
Does anyone know how much of the HUD can be turned off?
NO! There is no before you buy!! This is DYING LIGHT 2!!! WE. WILL. BUUUUUUUUUUY!!!
Can’t wait to play it on pc later today, gonna give my 3080 a run for it’s money
Was looking forward to this last year.  Now I’m just like “meh”.
With Horizon Forbidden West and Elden RIng coming out this month, I probably won't get this. I might pick it up when it goes on sale though.
7:17 Messi? :D
So excited for this
Can anyone tell me how it plays on a ps4?
Pros: it’s beautiful and looks fun Cons: I don’t own the game, nor a ps5.
I already bought the game but I’m still going to watch this
Can't wait to play this!!!!!!
Oh hell yeah! *dropkick simulator*
does it stack up with the first one though?
Another great review. Definitely going to pick this up and smash some zombie heads in.  Keep up the good work gameranx. I always check out your reviews before I make a purchase.
The only thing I think I have to complain about is the health bar on zombies. A lot of games feel like they have to include a health bar. They don’t. It only ruins the immersion. Dying light 1 had a great system, should have just used that.
All of this is just to distract my brain until elden ring
11:56 lol
2:18
The first game isn't good, it has this weird filter making you dizzy and nauseated
Wish this reviewed the PS4 version :(
No cross play / cross platform?
Day 1 patch will probably fix some glitches and some other stuff
08:17 wait...that sound familiar...oh yeah Cyberpunk2077  :)
Gotta say I'm a little let down if the story really is just ok. I never really played DL1 for the story specifically but it wouldn't have hurt to get a great plot...  But the gameplay is what I played DL1 like 4 times for so it's alright ;D
this looks like shit.
So excited
I actually _liked_ all the scavenging in Dying Light 1, so, having a ton of that isn't a downside.
YO GET THIS BULLSHIT ASS GAME OUT MY FACE!!! ON THE WORLDS MOST POWERFUL CONSOLE IN 2022 WE CAN’T PLAY AT 4K 60?? CAN’T PLAY AT NATIVE 4K AT ALL??? 7 YEARS OF DEVELOPMENT FOR THEM TO MAKE US CHOOSE BETWEEN 3 DIFFERENT SHITTY ASS GAME MODES?? I CAN’T FUCKING BELIEVE THEY’RE IMMEDIATELY GONNA FLOP THIS ENTIRE GAME 2 DAYS BEFORE IT RELEASES!!! I’M NOT BUYING THIS GAME UNLESS A 4K 60 PATCH IS DROPPED!! I’M DONE WITH 1080 AND 30 FRAMES!!! FUCKING GARBAGE!!!!!! 👎👎
As someone who is still unavailable to get a PS5. How is the game on base PS4??
I am hearing conflicting reviews on the game, they say on the whole the games good... When it works! There are tons of glitches that break questlines & audio problems & worse getting stuck in walls making it impossible to progress. I pre-purchased the game so I will wait until they iron out some of these bugs
Why my guy sound like Jessie eisenberg
Does Aiden Crack alot of humor In the game though 🤔
I am very excited. My only gripe is the physics look a bit off
After you buy
It'll be the perfect game to hold me down until Elden Ring
I remember watching Dying Light Enhanced Edition - Before You Buy good days.
i will buy the game anyway but the gravity is a joke
Needs more parkour.
This looks good. But Dying Light 1 will always be special to me. I think its because it had one infected city and thus you really feel like you are trapped with no way out while the rest of the world go on with their normal lives. Added to that the impending threat of the city getting nuked. Now the whole world is infected and it got bigger. Thats not a bad thing. Its just that it lost that desperate vibe from the orginal game where you are racing against the clock.
I'm going to play this game a lot but the only thing that bothers me is that it looks like the parkour/jumping seems floaty like there is less gravity when you jump.
Did he say “episude” in the beginning? Or am I hearing things wrong?
I'm still on the fence? Didn't like the first game. Please comment your thoughts on the game, good or bad? Out of 10?
Me watching this after I already pre ordered it  But I watched hollow point play it so I know itz good
To be honest I disliked the story in the first game aswell but that didn't stop me and my friend from enjoying it regardless
Yuo*
idk why but the parkour is a little clunky looking
To be fair I didn’t really play DL1 for the story or the characters. I played because even after 1,000 hours it’s still fun to drop kick zombies off a roof, hoard your 500th string, and freerun through the city. Only reason you progressed was to unlock new areas and ways to do the above three things. Some may be disappointed by that, but I appreciate it. DL2 isn’t trying to reinvent itself. It saw that people really liked to just faff about killing zombies, so it offered more ways to do that and larger buildings to freerun around. Looks great to me, that’s all I was looking for.
Not a fan of that arm animation while running but otherwise it looks good
I would love to play it but I hate Zombie games so I will sit this one out
More like dying light 2 before you play
I’m so ready for this. I got the deluxe preordered on ps5 and already pre installed. Less than 24 hours now! So crazy!!
Jake Baldino, Jake Jake  Baldino
Was looking forward to this as I like the first game but admittedly after watching IGN's Review I'm gonna have to wait for the bugs to be fixed. It's alright though this Developer is known for supporting their games and keeping promises so I'm looking forward to it.  Thanks for the video nevertheless as  always.
Was rather surprised in the first game when I forgot to turn off the multiplayer, thinking it was for something else entirely, but did enjoy the whole aspect of parkour and zombie killing. So I have been looking forward to getting this game, but forgot when it actually came out. Glad that the notification bell works, lol.
I gotta give it a shot, i don't really like zombie or horror games but i feel 5his is more fun than scary and serious
i like cutting off people's heads - jake baldino, feb 2022
What is the resolution in performance mode on ps5? Is it 1080p or will I be able to use performance mode while in 1440p?
So I bought the first game but never played it, (yeah i know stupid right) but is it worth playing? Not sure if I'm in the minority here but I always have trouble starting new games and I have similar  experience with TV shows and shit. The issue is never not enjoying them once started but just actually starting them lol.
I'm still going to get it eventually. But it sounds like it just more of the first game, with some improvements. I was really excited for role playing and was hoping the story didn't suck this time. So I'm a bit disappointed. That said it still looks like a lot of fun. For me, this month belongs to Elden Ring though. And maybe SpellMaster: The Saga, it looks like some premo euro jank goodness.
ok but do you need to play the first game
I really hope it doesn’t disappoint and it feel repetitive
I've been waiting for this for so god damn long. Dying light is one of the greatest games ever made
I already bought the game so this is kinda too late for me
Already bought it sorry
This channel sucks
I will buy it day one regardless of any bad reviews because I loved the first one so much and I know the development team will work on the bugs.
I hope there is a massive bridge to climb/jump off of like in dl1
Idk if it's good or bad that he didn't say anything about the immunity timer ....my main worry
Series S is 30fps? wth? Any1 can confirm?
Day 1 patch fixes 900 bugs.
I still think games like this shouldn't be locked in first person... Third person would make games like Dying Light, Far Cry and Cyberpunk way more fun and easy on the ways for people like me that get motion sickness. It's a shame cause I really want to play this.
Since you were on PS5, are dualsense features present?
it comes tomorow sorry my grammer is bad im sleepy
I’ll get it in a year or two, when it’s $19.99 for the Complete or Legendary or whatever Editon.
I stopped playing Dying Light 1 after the first night mission. My nervous system went full on nervous and I switched to battlefield 😂😂
I'm so excited to play this. Been waiting forever. Preordering when i get home from work  9.5hrs from now.  Only game I'm MORE excited for is Horizon Forbidden West.
Not to mention that Techland did an awesome job of giving Dying Light the love it deserved post launch with a large secondary story dlc, tons of patches, many new weapons, challenges and just things to do. All the way up until now, some of those things were quite small and may have just been as simple as a new costume, but it goes to show Techland will continue to support their work for many years to come. Can’t wait to get my hands on it, already pre-ordered (:
waiting for Horizon Before You Buy
By the sounds of it this is right up my alley
as usual, I'm watching Before You Buy after I Pre-ordered the game.
Gameranx and ACG reviews just feel so real!
Love, the before you buy videos send I to was a huge fan of the first game and after watching this I'm even more excited for it. Keep up the good work
Honestly I can't wait for this game! Loved the first one's gameplay though the story was very shitty and with a lot of clichés, although the voice-acting was pretty good overall.   Thank you for these videos, you're amazing ~
5:49 nice bug you got there lol
I have already bought it, preordered a long time ago, been waiting for it for years. This is the review I have been waiting for.
I have a bunch of modded 78k damage weapons in Dying Light PS4 … for dropping …
Thanks for the video, these videos are important
I haven’t been excited about a game in a while but I just finished the first game my friends told me I need to play the first one and I got hooked I’ve watched hours of dying light 2 and can’t believe it’s almost here!
I just watched Dying light 2 get pushed to the 5th on steam
I'm thinking since they were so pushy about playing with day 1 patch and claiming it will fix a lot I'm hoping it does,  but I know it won't be a miracle. The future of this will be amazing.
I've heard that this game will be playable coop story-wise. Thoughts?
Ahh patch so fast 💨
skip Of course the MC is black, they gotta bend the knee to BLM Far cry 6 black MC assassin's creed valhalla black MC.
How soon into the game can you online coop with friends?
“I loved cutting off people’s heads.” -Jake   “I love a good horse goof.”  - also Jake
Nobody: My mom explaining what she does to pay the bills: 06:16
Performances mode is suppose to be in 60 fps on ps5 which is not that here
Wow! This must be the earliest I’ve known you get a review out. I can relax a little now I know the game isn’t a Cyberpunk. The story was never what drew me into the first DL either, but the story grew on me just because of how satisfying and atmospheric it was to play and eventually became one of my favourite games. One of the most fun aspects of the first game for me was unlocking safe zones. I loved being out as night time started to creep in and unlocking safe zones just in time before total darkness surrounded me, then I’d just sit on the roof and soak up the atmosphere.
love this game i plat part one ez
Will probably buy this on my pc to get that ultrawide support but man I wanna play it on my 4k tv too…. Decisions decisions….
Honestly if game came out more like dying light 2 with some bugs but a engaging world and gameplay then it's fine . I'll put 60 as long as they continue support And fix and add content
oh... The character shadow looks like in Cyberpunk 2077.
Too late
Dying Light is gold but for me it was boring
My heart was almost broken after reading everyone’s reviews today. I decided I’m still gonna get it because I loved the first one. Y’all’s review is encouraging.
How impactful was your firearm? And is that the only one?
damn i always buy game first then i open youtube its say before you buy💀
So a bias review. Nice.   He says performance mode is good but doesn't even mention the insane amount of texture and object pop ins. The combat he shows is literally just, as their pinned comment says, nothing but drop kicks. Just another overhyped zombie game, reviewed by a bias player.  While I absolutely LOVE this channel like everyone else here, for a game that is 500 hours, a bias review just isn't what we need...
can't take anymore bloated open world games
Only characters that I care about in DL2.  Aiden, Hakon, Lawan
Yeah this has basically gotten rid of most of my worries. The fact that dealing with factions doesn’t do much is a bit sad, maybe that can be the focus of a letter DLC. It also that the story is meh, but I didn’t play the first game for over 5 years because I wanted to come back to the story, the gameplay looks fun, the design of the city looks great, and we have at least 5 years of updates, DLC, and optimization fixes to look forward to, can’t wait to get started tomorrow! Haven’t seen any reviewers talk about co-op, I hope that works well
21$ game
Dying light was, honest to God, THE GAME that convinced me to get a ps4 back in the day. It really was that good. If all they improved was the gamepley of that, that was always the best I hoped for. The story was always background noise that slowed me down from getting to that sweet, open world, parkour center of the first game. If this one really improves on that, then I don't care if the story is better or worse since it was already sub-par to begin with.
This game looks terrible especially considering it’s playing on ps5. I was looking forward to buying dying light 2 until watching this video. Thanks fella .
7:18 Good to know Messi survived the apocalypse
“HEY, we’re back with another…..”
The game gives a little bit of “I am Legand” vibes
Definitely minimizing the hud and turning off the hp bars and levels
Really want to play this but every time I buy a game on release it goes on sale 2 weeks later for $30
Don’t be like me misplace you’re ps cards;(
We all know most of us come here : After we buy the game, Rather than Before we buy 🤣
I don't know what vers you are playing but the reviewers are getting old versions so play it on your own
I am always hesitant about a game that has been delayed this much. I hope that they were productive with the delay
I don't buy 😏
Great work as always Jake.
I don't know why people still complain about these "bugs"  as if the notion of piracy is completely foreign to them.
I just wanna know what happened to Crane. I don't give a fuck about any other character tbh.
The parkour and exploration stuff looks cool.... But I don't think I'd care for the combat stuff... Which seems like combat is the primary focus with parkour just being the flavor for getting to the next combat encounter....
"I love cutting off people's heads" -Jake Baldino
Does this gave have the cool X-ray crunchy infliction the the infected it had in the first game?
Well i played the first one and the first one was good, dying light 2 even tho there’s a lot of mix feelings it doesn’t seem like a bad video game, i love zombies so anything with zombies i am all on it. I cant wait to play it and see how the game is.
Makin’ me cringe watching whoever’s playing aiming their sword at enemies’ torso instead of neckline
Why does the hud in the bottle left look like a ps3 game hud?
mirrors edge with zombies number two
Can you take off enemy  health  bars?
Don't buy, tech land added denuvo a few days ago without any prior indication
why is the parkor look so floaty?
"I love cutting off people's head!" - Jake Baldino, 2022
So metacritic review is 77%. To be fair their review of The 1st Dying light was 74% and I love that game. Super ready for this game.
It kinda looks alittle clucky movement wise 🤔
The only issue I have with open worlds is areas looking the same giving that illusion of a "big" world when in reality the Devs just copy and paste certain areas, I am sure there are technical reasons behind it, but they can at least mask these areas to not make it obvious that they are copy and paste areas.
Dying Light is my favorite Strand type game.
I well wish this was a 3rd person game
seems like a honest and good review well done !
You heard it here folks. He just likes cutting off heads!
I think it looks dope
"Your choices really matter and impact the game world"  continues to be the greatest lie in video games
This game’s map already looks a hundred times better than the previous game’s three and a half maps combined.
I feel like this is going to be a situation where the first one was so unique and brought so much charm that this one won't bring that a 2nd time. It's really just going to be the same thing with best graphics. I hope I'm wrong. I hope this brings some new charm.
By “cool stuff” he means drop kicking zombies
honestly i have the first game as a top 5 game all time considering it’s by far the best zombies game ever so my expectations are pretty high on this game hopefully i have a lot of fun with my friends
Please no magic grappling hook. That ruined the game in the first one for me. Why try and climb and think my route out when I have a gravity defying rope?
Wow this is the most I’ve heard Jake criticize one of these new games, he must really hate it.
It looks and sounds good, I can’t wait to see the bugs tho, they are really funny to me
Been waiting for this video all day i trust your judgement
I feel like the story is triggering some reviewers.  Some like it and some don't.  Much is never really said about it.
I loved the first game for gameplay alone. I barely remember the story nor do I care enough to try. As long as the game is fun to play and runs well I'll be happy.
Dying light 1 story is not very interesting to me, but The Following Dlc story is much better and i love it more than the main story, since we are getting 2 story dlc for the sequel i have hope they will improve more on the narrative of it
I really enjoyed the first one! I haven’t preordered a game in a long time but I did preorder this one. I’m really excited for it, but it does seem like the norm that games are released with so many glitches. I’d rather wait a little longer to have a game in better shape. With that said, I’m excited to play this!
If this was 3rd person I would play it.
I put in nearly 300 hours into the first Dying Light  I am really hoping it truly does live up to the hype
Also I just finished dying light the first one. I didn’t play the following but I throughly played the main story and had a blast. Didn’t care for the DLC but I’m so excited for this. Gonna start it after farcry6 which is the first farcry game for me
Atleast they said don't buy it yet cause it is glitch and they working on it witch I respect
I was hoping that the choices matter in the story to the point that there would be different endings  n stuff.
This game is my bday present to myself lol. Very excited to play!
Can you still play the game in co-op?
Just bought farcry 6 this and back4 blood and nhl22 let’s go
So in other words a decent game but that doesn’t hold up to 2022
Great review always, so down to earth. Thank you
Loved Dying Light 1. Although the additional content like community events were nice, they felt pointless to the people who had everything. Wish we got more dlc like The Following and Hellraid. Even Hellraid should have been expanded because it was too short.
I really hope like the first eventually you become god
Game ranx can dying light 2 story beat god of war  Ragnarok .
Is the issues with optimization due to not having the day 1 patch??
Me and my buddies are doing a full run of dying light 1 before 2 we forgot how much we miss this game
It's not gonna take long to get used to or anything, but man; the jump in this game is super floaty. Looks like you're jumping on the moon or something
Far cry if they continued on the zombie mutant script
I was hoping to have my gpu upgraded before the game was getting released, but im still stuck with my old 1060..
Some reviews say the glitches make it almost unplayable. Is the ps5 version more stable than the pc version?
I feel like part 2s of games always feel like to much. Like the wall run... really...
Game is great. Much better than the first. I've already played it and I could say that it's worth it
GLITCHFEST
Damn that story does sound kinda bland.  Sounds a lot like the first with a meh story but AWESOME gameplay so I gotta justify my pre-order since FC5 right babe?
The mechanics also look diff from the first. Seems like farcry gameplay tbh. Like its lost its unique feeling. Idk but as a HC fan of this game. We NOTICE every little detail. To many changes; makes it feel not the same.
I'm getting it. I need something new to play
do you guys even play the first one ??? this is like same shit, but more secundary
I'm going to be playing on a base PS4, and based on the gameplay I've seen...it seems actually much better than I thought it would be. I thought it was going to be VERY poorly optimized, but it looks great...hopefully I have the same experience. Can't wait to play it, since I love the first game!!
I don’t like the HUD it reminds me of the terrible Valhalla HUD
you want me to buy this game, put likek 3 k  achievements and im in love
I'm not digging the floating jump, but it's not a deal breaker.
Already bought it
“Before you buy” is the best.
I preordered the game and it tells me I have to rebuy it
I just hope you can turn off the floaty parkour
he say at night thats where the shit goes down 😂😂😂😂 i know that lmao
Can’t wait to play this on the hardest difficulty lol
A buddy an I played through the first game and it’s dlc the following. We are very excited to play through this game as well.
500 hrs my azz hole
Its going to be similar to Farcry 6. If you love the game style and play loop you will love the game. Im going to love Dying light 2 just as much as I love Farcry 6, despite its flaws.
Yawn
It looks like the movement's and actions are different like how he picks up loot and swings from bars looks a lil stiff
To late
I'm already exited for dlc on this one and of course chicken on a stick.
I been playing OG dying light and redoing The Following with a friend and I cannot wait til tomorrow! It’s going downnn
Watching this after I bought Dying Light 2
Loved the first one - cyberpunk has me gun shy of a day one so might grab sifu first then this after a few weeks
The hands waving back and forth while sprinting is really stupid lol. It looks so goofy and unrealistic. Searching bodies look so funky too.The hands look so stupid! But i already said that. Lol this game is trying to hard to out do the first game making Dying Light 2 way too much where as part 1 was really grounded. 🤣
I loved the first game but I’m worried this new one will lose the style the last one had. The look of the game reminds me more of the past few Farcry games than what I expected. I’m sure I’ll get over it and enjoy the game anyway but I feel that the game is a less unique experience visually.
My body is ready!
Even with all the delays they still have to put out a day one patch to fix the shit that's still broke. Gaming companies are a joke now
Why does the parkour and combat looks slow? It looks floaty and the character looks like a wimp swinging a weapon.
even in this stupid demo i can notice at least 20 bugs, and details that the first one did it better
So to clarify, it’s not another cyberpunk or the last of us 2?? Lol
I wish they kept the core of dying Light 1. Everything in the first game seemed much better than it does in this game
Why is it in 480p
Great review! Question.. if on Xbox and I change my area to New Zealand, at what time can I access the game if on the West Coast US? Thanks guys!
Hey Jake. I like chopping off heads too.............................in the video game. Lol
This is hands down the best channel in YouTube.... No BS... Just some passionate gamers talking about video games... That's all it is... That's what makes it absolutely pure love fest for games.... Gr8 work guys... 🙂🥃
I m buying no mater what I waited 7 years
eyy they used inverse kinematics (or similar) when doing animations on weapon hits. feels real and good!
In my opinion, the first one will always be the best
Never played the first one but will definitely be picking this up
Dying Light 2 🤮
i played the 1st game for YEARS - i'll be doing the same with #2.
Can u turn off motion blur on ps5… big thing for me lol
so same as dying light 1, outstanding gameplay and a mid story
On east coast is coming out 12am for preorders?
👇🏾👇🏾DROP PS5 TAGS👇🏾👇🏾
The real question: Does the duplication glitch still work 🤔
Greatest gaming channel Fr
Hard Pass
are there modern type guns like ak or m4 ?
It sounds really great, but with Horizon and Gran Turismo coming out this month, I need to wait for a sale o this one.
I'm very excited for this game let's see how well it runs on my series x
A few months ago i finished Dying Light 1, very good game, but i guess i can wait a few month or even years for a whole bundle with dlc and bug fixed
Hey everyone! I am jake baldino with another episode of AFTER you buy... a show where we give you....
It only runs at 30 FPS on the Series S and only does 1080p on the Series X/PS5.  I thought it was a joke when I first read this but it's true
Woah that texture pop in was a bit jarring..
The hand animation while running is really annoying. It just seem so unnatural and repetitive.
The graphics look great and it's nice to get a taste of what current gen consoles are capable of. Definitely buying 👍
Game is trash because it’s repetitive and boring in t minus 2 days!!! Basic zombie Mobile game is better than this.
I think the issue with games, gamers, and studios today is this: We except a high end product but aren’t really willing to pay more than the usually $60 we have paid for years. Studios can’t keep upping to quality without more money so I think the community as a whole needs to either lower expectations a little or be willing to pay more money for more quality content. Think about it, we paid $60 for Xbox 360 games and Xbox one games. How can we except 15 years of development progress to give us leaps and bounds better titles without paying more for them?
So small cyberpunk 2077 ?
The character animation for looting is kinda ehhh. Idk. The first one he would crouch to pick things up. The little things man. I hope they put weapons in the game besides just pipes, swords, ect. Or im not gonna feel like going out. Im not taking one of the big boys on with a freakin knife. It was hard enough with a AR to take one out.
6:32 F to the guy who didn’t die properly
You know this is the only review you trust
You can’t do this until full game comes out that’s fucking bullshit. Even if you got it early
I record games review
I wouldn't mind if ubisoft handed the reigns of assassins creed over to this Dev team.
You're Falcon, right? Your name is Jake Baltino? 😯
Dying light 1 was a game I've wanted for a long time and ever since I got a ps4 and the game itself, I ended up playing wayyy more than I thought I would at first. I also ended up actually liking the story despite the amount of people that say it's pretty bad. The reason I liked the story is mostly due to nostalgia of my childhood where I would be lazy watching youtubers all day and being mad about math homework.
I loved the first Dying Light, my friends and I spent a lot of time just running/driving around punking up zombies, crafting powerful weapons, and just enjoying the world. It's one of the less forgiving zombie games in the last decade, and I enjoy the rush of being chased by zombies. As long as the 2nd provides the same rush, I'll probably pick it up and enjoy it!
Can't wait to play 1080p@60 on a 4K@120 TV!! Next gen 🍻
One thing I love is that I know techland sticks with a game for YEARS so I know Dying Light 2 will have a strong support.
I hope they did away with all the lock picking for DL2 🤞🤞
The story of the first was ok the dlc is where it got interesting wonder if they are gonna do that with this one I honestly figured choice's wouldn't be that crazy infamous promised the same but still an amazing game none the less me and my brother already pre-ordered our copies and hope to play thru the story together we are expecting issues but hopefully none to harsh.
Gamerank did you say I just want to axe you a question or hello there! Wille you were jumping and striking with the axe
Pitty what you said about the story and the voice acting. I distinctly remember liking Crane's voice acting a lot, and thought it was an underappreciated point in the first game.
Need a better way to , but I other than that I want to play
Will we ever get a game that promises "your choices dramatically change the story" and actually deliver? The search continues 😅
Don't waste your time unless you have a PS5 or Xbox X series Or Pc any old gen runs at 25-30 frames it's bad...need a lot of work.
I like how I'm watching a before you but when Ive already pre ordered it
It released today I thought
Gameranx: 6.9 mil subs Me: noice
I got bored of the game just by watching this video, another meh game.
5:51 that glitch into the transition tho
Jake, give me some straight up gameplay please
I love watching before you buy videos because it’s always unbiased and shows a good amount of gameplay footage. Granted in 2022 games are getting more and more performance needy and so I’m still stuck here playing Skyrim with mods because I can’t afford a good pc. Still fun to watch your content and keep up the good work. Love from Ukraine 🇺🇦❤️
I love the first game, it’s gameplay, it’s world, and even its story. I cannot wait to play this game, I already know I’m gona love it!
That's why I'm getting it on Ps4/Ps5.Its a masterpiece as long as you play it.Much love Techland.👏🎮
I'm wondering if this has the secret VR mode that was in the first one🤔
Istg, they need to stop hyping "Your choices really matter!!" if they can't really deliver that in the final product.
Movement seems trash.
"Eurojank" people say this for a reason, but people love it anyway. But with Techland and how they supported Dying Light 1 until 2 weeks before Dying Light 2, we can expect fixes and improvements as well as content maybe for years just like DL1 until DL 3, if they ever make a 3rd anyway.
I need a recovery game after Cyberpunk.  Even tho Cyberpunk was good if you looked past the glitches and stuff.
Even if the game is terrible (which it isn’t) I would still buy it because of how long I’ve waited for it
So overall it’s a fun sequel that has some glitches and missteps. I’ve gone in with no expectations. I liked the first one and this definitely looks better
I'm only seeing a standard edition in psn store does it include ps4 and 5?
Might be a little buggy but like you said gameplay looks fun which is all I care about
I might not have a strong enough PC to play it right now but I'm definitely going to play the 1st dying light
So yes?
I hope to grab this cheap in a few months,first game was great and somehow fluctuated in price over a year where i live
Jake loves cutting off peoples heads, period.
No guns is a Big NO from me.   A shotgun that takes a ton of work to craft for it to last a few shots is bull.  If you dont want to use guns thats fine, but dont force people into a single playstyle for a 40hr+ game.  No wonder other reviews got bored past 25hrs+  No guns, no fun.  Even limited ammo would have been acceptable, but just scrapping them and BSing that guns would not be available when Fallout, Wasteland, METRO: LAST LIGHT, literally any post apocalyptic game has guns.   Seems more like a cut of content they will either sell as DLC, or just didnt bother to add for "balance" reasons... way to balance out fun.
How amazing would dying light vr be, trying to survive the night would be terrifying
Loved the first and one of the most under rated games I've played
I'm not getting this game for the story or characters lol gameplay all the way baby and that sweet progression.
Hey Jake are you gonna give some impressions of how the co op is on your own channel?
Uhhh. To late. I preordered the deluxe edition like 2 weeks ago
When i first heard of dying light 2 i was really excited but then i found out that kyle crane was no longer going to be in it so i decided not to even play it
By the end of the first one. I felt unstoppable.
If the story isn’t good, then for sure it isn’t worth my time . No matter how good the  gameplay is .IMO
I really hope the exp caliber makes a comeback.  Launching zombies across the world was hilarious..  I hope my 2070 maxq can handle this game decently.  Otherwise I'll be dropping 4 grand on a 12th gen pc.
Before you buy? Yeah nah yeah, straight buy!
Dying Light 2 is the new poster child for " Wait a year when it's been patched and on sale"
It looks great.  Why did they choose those “searching hands” animation though.
was there a fov slider on your ps5 playthrough ?
Dude I would LOVE a 7 Days to die type game, with dying light movement and graphics. Procedure generated like Minecraft, with a base map as well.
looting bodies looks weird
Omg I pre-ordered this and I forgot about it. Yes
It’s not my favorite game of all time, but Dying Light is admittedly the only game that has ever truly scared me. I actually dread the night missions awfully and no other game has gotten my adrenaline pumping as much as when I’m in the chaos of one of those chases. It’s done so well that it’s actually uncomfortable for all the right reasons.
I bought this game 6 hours ago
Do sifu next
"I love cutting off people's heads"
DL 1 was great, but I never finished it. After getting to the 2nd area, the screamers and tanky zombies become bullet sponges.. pretty much forcing you to melee if you don't want to fight 1 after the other. The story lost me, and it just got overshadowed by the ocean of other games out there. It's not bad at all, but a game like Days Gone had me hooked to the end.
Just a reminder that this game could have great narrative, but instead they decided to cancel Avellone and throw away his work.
looks cool
I'm looking for the nighthunter multiplayer from DL1 - will I find it?  Also, is there an option to turn off health bars?
“But then I go back to the gameplay and dropkick some dudes off the roof in a cartoony awesome way and I feel better again”  Basically me throwing zombies and Rais’s men off the roof in DL1 :v
Gamestar made such a hatefull review its refreshing to hear a nice and normal review
Are there still plenty of zombies to fight, just seemed a bit baren in places for a zombie game
DL1 changed my life. this will be the first ever game i preorder and i cant wait for it
Reading the comments, people seem to forget how much of a cliche DL1 was. Story was hot garbage. Npc’s were a joke. Only fun thing was killing zombies and crafting.
The only review that matters to me.  Bring on 12am GMT
Sounds like a repeat of Dying light 1. This game is just fun. It's not perfect, but the devs will fix it.
I appreciate your before you buy because I don't trust alot of reviewers. I always look for you.
So...first person Sunset Overdrive?
🤍🤍🤍
How many fps is the game?
I rely so heavily on before you buy I YouTube searched dying light 2 before you buy before this episode was even out
Where are all the PS4 reviews?    I'm sure there's a lot of people looking for that review.   100 people all reviewing Next Gen and PC..  Most gamers are still on last gen consoles.
All I want to know if in this one we can keep weapons?! Not have repair limits until completely broken. Only thing that bummed me out about dl1 was all weps and limited use. I understand the concept but I personally prefer if I like I weapon that I can keep, I don't mind having to repair but losing it bums me out
Soooo, it’s sounding like they overhyped the whole choices determine the gameplay/story. Not much was mentioned in this video.
Well im just glad your take on it was overall positive and hopefully the day 1 patch and future patches will fix some of those mentioned flaws. Dying light 1 is so good imo and ive been looking forward to this for a long time. Cant wait to jump into it and see for myself.
How about before you buy elden ring content?
Being a game Journalist have to be the coolest job ever right?
And if it contains weapons such as gun or rifles
Cyberpunk saved a bunch of newgames these days. Because of how shity the bug is now every new game seems fine with some “little bug”😅
Far Cry 6 with more jumps? Less zombies.
This game really is super intriguing to me but I never played the original can I just pick this one up?
Bummer, I was hoping the story would be more thought out this time. Still hyped though.
You can't even trust these dudes as they keep on motion blur
TL;DW: It's just more Dying Light but with an even worse story and the gameplay is janky AF but I enjoyed the first one so I'll let it slide
I think a lot of people are whining about the story and bugs, here’s my breakdown  Bugs get fixed every update, we will Be okay  The only people who are complaining about story are people who don’t understand that sometimes you need to just appreciate the engagement a game brings and just lets you play around and have fun instead of having this super deep story, and I’m not saying games that are focused on story are bad, in fact usually they are my favorite games, flying light feels like that one game that you get on while you are bored or a little down, and I doubt you want deep story in that situation, or maybe you do, elden ring comes out in 3 weeks so I think we will all be okay :)
Before they fired Avellone, I might have.
I been watching u guys since 2015 yu guys been helping an have me more games to play an taught me things here an there keep it up an don’t stop can’t wait to drop kick an face stomping
Bro this game is realeasing tommorow and I still can't believe it. Sadly the game is cut in Germany... thanks to my Austria friends for the uncut version hope it is here tomorrow :D
So far out of many reviewers you Jake seem to be the only one who enjoys games. You come off as an actual gamer and it’s awesome to see you nerd out some times and then criticize with valid points. Thanks for the review.
I don't think the usual open-world bloat is actually that much of an issue seeing how gameplay focused Dying Light is. The parkour and the combat are what really make the game fun so any excuse to do more of that, even if the end objectives are a bit repetitive, is honestly a welcome one
Let’s go Brandon!
The movement looks very floaty, especially the jumping. That's not a good sign. :/
Stealth Archer once again lives
It's almost like they didn't prioritize with the delayed time they had, but thank God they managed to get Rosario Dawson in there.
Wow 50 seconds was all i needed to see.  Update: I've played the game for 3 hours. Its just.... It needs polish. I played the first a few days before. The first was better this early. They took away the L1 kick wich i miss. The screen blinks for a split second randomly its weird. The lighting in some places is just really off and i don't think its supposed to be. I regret buying the deluxe edition but it is what it is. Maybe I'll get more into it with more time but right off the bat there are irrefutable issues. Nothing game breaking yet. But LOTS of immersion breaking things.  Update: a put a couple more hours in. Definitely started having more fun. The blinking bugs the absolute crap out of me. Even when its paused it does it. And the lighting glitches out so much, doors changing from bright to dark when you open then. One second its dark in the room the next second its bright. Turn 45° and its brighten than the other 315° the dialogue choices are pointless and just badly written. But the gameplay of running around is fun. At first i thought the immunity timer was going to be annoying in a bad way but its actually annoying in a fun tense way so far. The rag dolls in the first game were crazy but in DL2 omg its either purposely leaned into comically or sloppily done. I really do miss the simple kick it woukd help a lot. All the pre order and deluxe weapons are completely average. They aren't the weakest but c'mon man i really found better ones before even teaching the stash to access those dlc weapons for the first time. Inconsistent story quality, first game was that way too. Omg the climbing is so free its almost entirely "if uou think you can climb it then you can" you can see all the work they put into level design environment is amazingly detailed. Fingers crossed they get lots of this stuff fixed quick.
First one is legendary. Even though I don't have any hype for this one I was/am ready to support the devs if they pulled off a great game in the midst of unfinished garbage that is the modern gaming industry.. Still a little too soon to tell it seems
not going to lie the more he talked the more i understand.. its dying light!!! I'm here to kick ass and kick it far! I'm not there for the story, I'm here to shit my pants running from zombies and beating enemies with my cool weapons with mods on them! being able to wall run and new combat sounds amazing and i cant wait!
Yeah so i’m really not convinced doesn’t look at all as ambitious as they said it would be
The graphics look like shit. Honestly DL2 suffers like fallout 76 in terms of graphics as it looks identical to the previous title. Not worth any amount of money in my book other than free.
I don’t need “skill trees” I just need to unlock dropkick and I’m set for the rest of the game.
Hmm is it just me or the jumps feels little too airy?
I need that grain salt
The arm animation when running is goofy
I love the idea of being a runner. I remember playing the first game and having just seen maze runner I was hooked
I watched ign’s review earlier today I did not like theirs it felt very biased and negative. Gamerax 👏🏻bravo this is a far better quality game review in my opinion. It wasn’t one sided you mentioned the negatives but expressed a lot of the positives. Keep pumping out 🔥 content look forward to future videos .
im pretty skeptical of reviews that come out before the actual release date
MMM
Can you now drive vehicles or play in third person
Not watching this but just had to add I bought a 3070ti and Ryzen 7 for this. Cant fking wait. Might play 1 real quick
Love Dying Light. But really wish Techland would do another Call of Juarez
Bad voice acting can totally ruin a game for me. I didn't play Mass Effect for the longest time because I couldn't stand the voice acting of male Shepard and somehow missed that there was a female character option.
So there's no guns? All melee.
I read the developers wanted people to wait and play after the first patch. You guys always seem very fair and balanced without being overly critical. I pretty much trust Gameranx.
from watching the video the movement system looks kinda floaty, does it feel like that when playing?
Excited to jump on it tomorrow.
Favorite quote now Jake "I love cutting off people's heads!"
i have a ps4 i got back in like 2018 will dl2 run fine on it or no?
For ones i watch the before you buy first
The 1st game for me was all about the gameplay, I really didn't like the story of the 1st and was hoping the 2nd would make up for that. But from what I am hearing it is similar to the 1st. With excellent gameplay and a mediocre story. Meaning I'll easily still sink 100s of hours into the game
I have to admit, being limited to 1080p for 60fps, is really disappointing. Also hear coop you vote on what dialogue or whatever, and that if you want to progress in your own world, you have to play through it again. So im not sure if cooping this game is really gonna be that great of an experience.
LOVED dying light 1....BUT....when I hear "day 1 patch" Ill skip for at least 3 months
Is the game Bethesda glitchy?
New-Game plus+ mode?
You guys bring the fun back into new games releasing  Its refreshing not seeing pretentious reviewers running every new game into the ground Even the bad games you try to highlight the pros
7:18 I didn’t know Lionel Messi  was in the game! 👁👄👁
You know, I was wondering how the Haraan Virus spread outside Haraan and then I remembered... Well you know spoilers...     But damn Kyle Crane makes a good zombie doesn't he? Brought the love to everyone!
I sadly have an Xbox series S but I’m still buying
i cant wait for this game your review helped me like it more haha
dam. i want to get my hands on this so badly but im bit unsure i can run this. looking at the recommended specs i should be more than on the clear but there is no info if that is for 1080p 30fps or what "im aiming min 60fps 1440p but i would prefer 80-100fps on that resolution"
The only Review i care..Guess i will enjoy it a lot because of how much i loved 1st one
Has anyone ever told you, you sound like Arlo?
I wish I had any interest, but parkour and zombies still doesn’t do anything for me, add another open world game to it and meh.  I do hope that it’s fun and a good game for folks because people need some good games.
I read a review where they just shit on this game
Oh wow prince of persia 4 zombies is here lol
*The Staple of reviews* Seriously Jake smashes his reviews out of the park! In my opinion his work outclasses the 'major game journalist's' I'll always will enjoy your content!
Imma like the game and story
I really enjoyed Dying Light an will be getting the second for sure. Thanks again for another helpful review Jake ✌️
I can't go through the city without the hook
i am not going to buy it i have a jailbroken ps4 😂😂😂😂
I just want days gone 2. Guess I’ll take this instead.
Oh what's that? No real guns? I'll pass
Hey Jake, I HAVE to know..........Do you guys use that panini press you got a few years back lol?
I hope this game adds more to the dying light experience. I wasn't hoping much from the story because I am expecting a zombie survival style game with fun side quests.
replayed the base game for the third time leading up to the release, and now im playing the following expansion for the first time, lots of fun, cant wait for the second game!
I want this but im worried about not being able to run it ;-;
Amazing as always gameranx
I never played the first game but when the trailer came out for this game  I was super excited but now watching this I can kind of see where it looks a lot like the first game and what I’ve seen on YouTube , a lot of the animations kinda look weird but hopefully all that will be fixed first patch
I’m looking forward to add on content. Some of those mini side quests had a nice little story to them in DL1. I’m hoping they do the same here. Nice little stories to this huge playground they have given us :D
I Gate the UI too much shit
daaam thats dissapointing
not a tripe A game as well technically witch is crazy
I hate that they added the health bars.. immersion breaking
So do you guys get the day one update already with a review copy? In the last few years of bad game releases this seems like a breath of fresh air for once.
Why doesn’t anyone ever mention the stealth? 😕 Is it that bad?
So, judging by this, its dying light 1..... with more combat moves. *sigh* Sounds disappointing.
Put in maybe 4 hours into the first game, didn't like it for some reason. My bro and cousin 100% that game like 3 times over and love to play it still, so they're hyping me up for it. Will check it out once said bugs are fixed, it looks cool, but I think I would want a better story focused zombie game first.
Crane shoulda been in the game prove me wrong😤🥲
I hope this game is just as fun or better than the first one
I kinda wish it was 3rd person. But I'm not complaining.
What's a "day 1 patch"?
can never give dying light too much credit. The story was ok but the gameplay is so much fun. I play dying light to this day and still get great joy out of it. the lvl up system is perfect and feels like youre actually lvling up and the parkour is super fluid. crafting weapons and the combat is also super enjoyable. Im not buying dying light 2 for the story although I am a little disappointed to hear that its not that great, Im buying it for the gameplay and it sounds like its gonna be just as good as the first if not better. a new story is just a nice little bonus
This game is a buggy piece of garbage
Best reviews on YouTube!
the new zombie meter might be cool like you cant stay in a zone to long makes it seam like its really bad for you
leading up to today i had no intention of buying this game.  but damn man, after all the really positive pre-launch reviews I've seen I think my opinion is changing.  thanks for the hard work!
they need to fix the floatiness before i shell out $60
Love your videos i just cant behind Dying Light... I tried playing it so many times just cant get into it.
Still wish they would figure out a way to fix the floatyness problem
Have never played the first game, this look good to try not a big zombie fan except movies but this look like fun, I end up getting the first one steam which i will try out in a bit.  Is ti wise to play this eon before the first?  I did get a copy of it for ym brother but now watching all these video kind of want to try it out but might get my copy for xbox
shame, it took so long and after years they didnt well...
Why would they put health bars on zombies...
Just finished The Following like 2h ago. Had me fucking shaking yo
Yeahhhh i’m just gonna wait till the sales comes in for this one, Elden ring is still my first go!
Jake told me everything I needed to know in the first 5 min
When jake is exposed as a serial killer, that "i like to chop peoples heads off" will be a popular soundbyte
Before i buy a game i always check to see if you guys made a Before You Buy about it
Can't wait to do stupid shit again in this game tonight 😁
Dying Light 1 was punching above it's weight even before The Following DLC dropped (which you absolutely should play right after the main campaign), and the post launch support is some of the best we've seen in the industry. I've got probably close to 400 to 500 hours in the first game, and I think I'll probably be doing that again for this one
i’m buying this soon as my paycheck hit
Running and parkour in general seems a bit slow
As much as I wanted to get this game on release this is the 3rd review that the game has a lot of technical issues. That is enough for me to hold off and wait for some patches. After cyberpunk and BF 2042 I have to be smarter about these purchases. Money is not the issue for me it is just prefer to have a game with minimal issues.
Dropkicking is nutty, if they don't add it, I will dropkick Mario Judah
Thanks for the heads up jake, I’m still gonna buy it but you did give me alot of insight on what to expect
Cyber punk wasn’t that bad IMO. Some glitches but not game breaking .
When it comes to coop… Can a person who downloads the PS4 version ( on their PS5) , play with PS4 players?
Been waiting for this all day.
Totally amazing before you buy video of dying light 2 gameranx,fantastic job. Well I got the first game on my Nintendo switch love the hell out of too and can’t wait to play dying light 2 on PlayStation or Xbox consoles too.
This should of been titled: “Dying Light 2, After you buy”
I’ve played DL1 3 f’n times, that much was I in to it. I’m a thorough player and get every mile out of a game, DL1 rewarded me like not many other games did. I appreciate this advisory info, yes I’m biased AF and hell yeah did I order erm preorder the whole enchilada, de Lux! But and again, thanks for giving us a few insides before we are getting to go ourselves!
eh
I’m personally looking forward to the glitches. I loved the first game, the story didn’t do much for me on that one so I don’t expect anything to change here. I expect some jank, and sometimes it’s okay.
Everything needs a day 1 patch..I F%$ing hate online play....
So, another overhyped game?
Some of the break aspects on weapons in the first game were annoying. But this looks fun, I'll probably try it until Horizon.
Loved the 1st one can't wait to play 2nd
Looks cartoony compared to DL1, here is hoping they don't have QuickTime events for the final boss 💩
Not going to get this game for now
Too late, once again
Can’t wait to get this 😀
It hasn’t even released yet
I cant wait to play this game. Im okay with the story being meh but I want the gameplay to be dying light on crack so bad. They already have me hooked with a more fleshed out stealth system
This guy, Skill up and ACG are the people only worth watching for stuff like this.
Nice I really enjoyed 1, it scared me at night running from zombies when I was really high. I am very happy to hear the second is pretty good. I definitely appreciate how Gameranx covers games without giving out too many spoilers. Nice job Sir
No co-op in this one right?
This is why I love Jake and the team at Gameranx. They tell you how it is. The games not perfect by the sounds of it, but the core gameplay is fun which is all I need to know, before buying a game. Fixes to the way it runs and functions can come easily through patches, but if the core mechanics aren't there from the start, the games always going to be in trouble
Faster and nastier zombies? 😐😔😭
11:30 Hey it’s Jake Baldino in Dying Light!
I pre ordered and don’t regret a thing I want that dying light formula in great visuals at 60 fps
Only reviewer I trust the
This is probably a buy for me. Something to do when there hasnt been any new games in a minute. I love open world games.
Honestly I see dying light 2 being a hit or miss for about at least 2 weeks maybe just because the bugs and glitches but I bet that after the patches come dying light 2 well be a blast
Biased fanboy review
I loved dying light...I love being out at night. The risk for the reward.
I can't wait to drop kick zombies off a building!
These guys always have the best reviews, not too much criticism and they don’t talk the game up too much. Perfect balance
I paid 100 bucks for the ultimate edition   because I enjoyed the first game so much  we will see how it runs tomorrow but I'm stoked
Thanks again, gameranx.
I was worried that there wouldnt be dismemberment, but im glad there is.
What about the co op ? Any of that ? It was a huge staple for me in the first game nothing like chopping heads off with your buddies
I'll get it but not on release day. Thank you Jake
Love the first game. Bought it again on Switch to play while in car line to pick up my kids. Some parents may spend that time texting or on some sovial nonsense, i try to save people from zombies while driving reckless in a buggy. Im no hero, i just try to make Hurran a better place.
I mean the story has to be some kind of step up from the first game just from having a basic structure. Don't get me wrong I like Dying Light a lot but the story was dogshit to me.
Yeah i will wait like a month to buy
11:33 the god-father of Parkour David Belle
Your review is so much better than IGN’s. There’s was a 6 minute video complaining about bugs and disliking the story. All to still give it a 7/10. Ya no thanks IGN I’ll stick with Gameranx!
Yeah I’ll get this game on sale
1st person shooter. PASS. Next game please
Always wait on these guys to post before I consider buying a game. Straight forward and honest gamers.
We all know we buy the game first then we head here 😂
I seriously wish I didn’t watch this video..
Mine still says it comes out Thursday lol I pre-ordered
Why do they have to add a zombie health bar? Looks tacky IMO
Is this game co-op like the first one?!?!?
How r u playing this already 🤣🤣
This is precisely what I've expected from this game. This review was spot on, Jake. Thanks a lot!
Jack still wants tto try some of that pizza, or so ive heard...
Can't wait till my pre order gets here Was a little late to the first game enjoyed it! Have about 700 hours
I’ve spent days and days playing the original DL.  I’ve been generally skeptical of this company making DL2.  It’s just hard to top something as great as the original.  Looking forward to Friday
So far the only thing I dislike about this game is when your running there’s no movement of the camera, like a shakiness, it’s like the players head is just stationary while running
Thank you for the honest review :D
I ain't buying it
Man the only reason I play is for story. Hearing it's kinda meh makes me double guess if i should buy. I'll see other reviews though.
I watch you guys before any game I buy! Unfortantely after your review, I am cautious of buying DL2. The story in DL1 was great, and the mechanics were ground breaking! After 2021 and all the let downs, I am concerned this might be another let down.  Definitely going to be waiting on this one.
Dying light one I didn’t care much about the story dying light 2 is going to be the same I just want a good gameplay to play with friends a few bugs it’s fine as long it’s not cyberpunk bugs I want more horror co-op games for PlayStation
I was hoping to be able to play with RT with my RTX 2060S. But I guess, that's something I won't be able to do.......
I think people might have expected more from this game since the devs tried to lean a bit more into the RPG elements, but at its core its just more Dying Light (and that's all I want really). I think I found the issue of "NPC's getting introduced and forgotten quickly" a bit funny because that EXACTLY how Dying Light 1 worked out. there were like 44 (afaik) side missions in addition to the story, and between those there is like 5-ish NPCs that actually stick around for more than 1 or 2 missions, and even then 2-3 of those get forgotten once you change zones and none of them really play a big part aside from hearing their voice occasionally. I'm not defending it, I'm just saying the original game was just as bad for that.
The first game is probably our favorite zombie game of all time and I (Sandsology) have been looking forward to this one ever since it was announced. I'm not surprised the story isn't all that, the first one wasn't either, but as long as the world, progression, and gameplay are top notch, I'll be happy!
I’m so excited for this game. I was a little late getting in to the first game and I’m not making that mistake again. Can’t wait to go full King Henry VIII on a bunch of zombies!
7:16 Post apocalyptic Messi!
I've seen other reviews mention numerous technical issues that aren't uncommon, stuff like players getting stuck and audio issues, but you guys didn't really touch on that at all.
Sell me weapons? Talk to me about nonsense? Give me sidequests?  So it's just like IRL... cept for the sidequests (from strangers)
Game is utter trash. Horrible and very very repetitive in the dumbest way possible.
I don't know why....but I love looting.  I'm a loot whore.  I don't like games where that's the focus, but to me the more loot the better in most cases...as long as it feels good.
6:13 that's one of the coolest things I've seen in a video games, that was so cinematic
I think I'll wait for a sale on this one
Is Jake doing the before you buy for sifu?
So the game is shit, thanks.
i did a 100% playthrough to prepare for this and im beyond excited
Honestly dying light was never about the story
Man now I’m torn i don’t know if I should buy it or not and i didn’t play the original
No guns = no fun. How you make a zombie game with no guns.
Nice review, I'll check this one out after I'm done with anomaly
Your opinion is all that matters to me , excited to play Friday
I’ve played the original dying light plus the following expansion etc for around a combined 5,000 hours. I’ve played it on my pc and PS4 for many years. I absolutely love it, it’s one of my favourite all time games. I’m still going to buy this game on day 1, and I know I’ll love it, but I just hope that it lives up to some of the hype around it. Like you said, there’s a lot of pros, but also a lot of cons. Tbf though the first game had a bunch of bugs, glitches, repetition and uninteresting moments… so, I expect that lol I have a high tolerance for that sort of stuff too so not that bothered!
Really looking forward to the game but I think I'll wait till it's on sale somewhere on pc by then there should be multiple updates come out fixing the bugs and glitches. I also just slightly hope I can at least put a mod on so I don't have to hold down a button after awhile that does get quite annoying. I wouldn't mind it being like breath of the wild where it's a click for minor items but for major items like legendary chest then it's a hold
Holy shit I’m early
I want to get this and elden ring but then i'll never see sunlight...
They should really tone down the moon gravity.
This is what I watch rather than IGN
This channels really gone down hill since the Atari acquisition  🧐
It's me
First person dog shit! That's enough for me not to buy
Will you do a Zenith VR BYB?
This will definitely be a PS5 "must have" game. I loved the first one. Can't wait to get it
Meh
The jumps looks too floaty for me and the wall running animation looks like it could use some more work to look more realistic. Another thing that caught my eye was when you jump and fall into the pile of trash the animation looks stiff.
how do the graphics look worse than the 1st game? what have they been doing during all of the delays of the game?
Soooo.... fun game play with mediocre writing and voice acting? So its basically dying light 1?
Parkour made sense when it was in 3rd person like in assassin's creed, in 1st person it just looks ridiculous. Played the previous one, didn't get me hooked. The sequel is starting to look like a farcry game with the ''jump on the X to not get hurt" or the good ol ''yellow ledge''.
You heard it hear folks, Jake Baldino loves chopping off people's heads
Gameranx > IGN... Just sayin
how this dude can make all the intros sound exactly the same?
Can you change the jump button when playing with a controller? One of the things that I annoyed me about the original is having to jump with R1.
The running... hand animation looks awful and very unnatural
Thank you Jake, you are a real one God bless you my good sir.
If your gonna buy 1 game this month make sure it’s Elden Ring brothers
I’m personally excited for this. I’ve been waiting for so long, I’ve pre-ordered it the minute I was able to. I’m going into it open minded. Thanks for this video guys 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
Watching it but had already bought
Me watching this after i pre ordered the game months ago: 🤔
Great review 👏 👌
1080p on next gen consoles along with a crazy number of bugs is disappointing.
These are always so helpful thanks brother!!
Once I heard pilgrim I hit back on this video 😂😂😂
I'm really getting disappointed in this game. The story has been so hyped up and everyone says it basically does fuck all. Polish studios and over promising. Hopefully they won't under deliver. The original game is still my favorite zombie game maybe favorite game just in general.
Techland has officially stated that they will be fully supporting the game with dlc, events and updates for 5 YEARS MINIMUM
What’s up with these graphics.  It doesn’t look next generation at all.  Sick of it
I played the first game like it was a religion. Top 5 game of the last decade by a long shot. Can't wait to sink my teeth into this one Friday! I hope to see a similar release to that final DLC it was a blast.
Been waiting for this one was just about to buy the game
Only review we needed love jack I want hear falcon do a 10 things the game doesn't tell you one of the only real gaming channels
I spent so much of dying light 1 at night it sucks that there's a timer for Night now but I like that there's more to do
I haven't even watched the video yet, and still threw you a like. Love your stuff man!
This game just looks like a crappy assassins creed.
Too late I preordered it a few days ago 😬
I wish game companies would stop ruining their own franchises. What a joke 🤣
I loot everything. I've been playing the 1st one and I take everything I see. Many times off all the biters too
Gonna wait on this one for a bit wait till it's on sale
I hated the first game. With that said I came into this video hoping that something would keep me interested in it because the trailers and everything I've heard about the game caught my attention, just a little. Thank you for video because now I will not be wasting my money on this game like I did the first.
Have you been able to play this in a PS4 pro for those of us that still can't get our hands on a PS5?
The first game is a great sandbox game, that doesn't take itself to serious and came out at the right time. The second one was always going to be tough, due to the amount of Dev team members leaving . This will be a game that I'll get on sale as, Horizon and Elden Ring come out this month. Will definitely get it at some point though.
This is when I wish game rentals were easier to get. I'd like to try this before I buy because I'm not sure if it's my thing
4:30 the guy slow down  wichtout toching nothing   on the end of the animation
I feel like Harran was the main character in Dying Light. Such an incredible atmosphere. Wandering around and exploring, imagining what it was like before, seeing family photos on nightstands in abandoned apartments and shops. All of these amazing locations (my favorite was the Bite’s Motel). I remember seeing the Missing Person’s board outside the apartment towers and my heart just sank with sadness. Until I got closer and saw it was all pictures of white dudes. Pretty sure it was the devs lol. Anyway, if “The City” has even half the charm of Harran… it will be well worth it for sure.
With lots of games I do watch these videos first If im on the fence about buying a game but not in this case. I absolutely loved the first one and I am so excited for this one to come out.
i buy it alredy but i like to see those videos XD
Did you guys try the co-op mode?
I think it matters that it runs mostly in 1080p and you should mention that. That's a pretty big deal and surprising for a next gen game. I was expecting better visuals than that
The first game I hated when I first bought it. 2 years after it’s released I went back and released its potential. I’ve played it in full probably 5 times now. Top 5 game of all time. I love it and still play it today.  I’ve had Dying Light 2 pre-ordered since Holiday and cannot wait to play. Your videos help me! Thank youn
Looks like you are running so slowly compared to how fast the hands are moving😂
I love the 'Before You Buy' series, keep it up.
You really need to indicate what display you’re using. It might look fine on a 1080\ 1440p gaming monitor, while looking like trash on a 75” 4K tv…
Like I checked out alot of gameplay. If you like giant drop kicks on zombies. This is the game for you
Lol i love the switch up at 4min he goes from praising it to calling out issues the game has. He just isn't saying good stuff his review must be legit.
TGINF🙏🙌👐
Bro they named their main character after me
I'd rather play part 1. Because I'm not on a constant timer. I Iike taking my time. I don't like the feeling of being rushed
The first Dying Light was one of my favorite games. I am very excited to checkout 2.
ONE FUCKING DAY
is every single building enterable like they advertised at some point, would he crazy if they lived up to that bold claim.
If you listen closely, when your jumping in midair the music tend to slow down until you land where it will resume back to normal
Wow pretty crazy, all this time and there's not even crossplay or kb+m support for console? lmao looks like garbage to me. Wouldn't give these clowns a dime this game was supposed to release like over 2 years ago. Don't buy
My man! Been checking out reviews all around and none of them get Dying Light 1 like you did. Thank you for making ne hype for this game!
We get you pity the game but na man shit is a 7/10 at best. The impact of dying light is so much bigger than how this game hit.. it just doesn't bring enough to the table to outdo the first game  which is the main reason i can't give it high praise.  Your character is such a dull piece of cardboard. The story progression is shoot from npc to npc. A bug every few hours of gameplay, some game breaking. Lots of filler. Minimum enemy variations,  you'll fight groups with 4 of the exact same human enemy model, thats mad akward n dull.
I feel like this is a very bias review, because you like the series a lot. It would’ve been nice to have someone review who’s never played dying light, but enjoys open world zombie games.
Finally 😫 was waiting for this review
Ya this review really helped I’m going wait to buy and see Wht the patch does for it. Thx
You guys make the best video game reviews and you don’t even rate them on a scale of 1-10. Amazing work guys
Literally the only review I care about for my purchases. I've been saying it for years: "Let's see what Jake Baldino says"
Tell me if I’m wrong, but apparently there’s no key binding?
Keep it up Jake! You have the best hair in the biz! Don't think it goes unnoticed.
im 100% getting this game. Looks super fun.
This looks boring
I hope this game slaps just like number one. Hopefully I'll be able to create some dope clips.
This is a very informative video. Thank you for this, I'm even more excited now!
Is it just me or does the jumping look a bit too floaty?
I wanna wait till i get it tommorow to say what i think.
Ign said just about the same thing for the story I didn't figure it would be better then the first but still excited to play
I want to buy this… but I’m going to wait a few days after launch to see how the patches work out.
Too late waiting for the midnight pre order drop
I really wish we had crane in this  All the nostalgia just hit me like a truck when i was watching the trailer I really hop they somehow add him in a dlc expansion or something
Drop kick City
A little late I already bought this like 6 months ago haha
I’ve came here after buying so many gamex
Amazing graphics!
Looks just as stupid as the first one.
This reliability on day one patches is getting old... DICE or Techland, does not matter, get ya shit together before you SELL something PLEASE!
anyone notice the game glitches at 5:50 just before they cut to the next bit
Well....the game sounds underwhelming. I dont know how these developers fail to understand, a weak story hurts every other aspect of your game. It doesnt have to be genius, just engaging. The original Star Wars is a simple story....a classic one....but it makes every scene interesting. It can do the same for video games. When you have a monotonous, melee based, open world that you are spending hours and hours in....spend some time crafting a narrative that makes the player want to see what happens next..... I went from excited for this game, to -- Ill get to eventually.... I just need more than drop kicking zombies at this point. Been there, done that.
Do graphics look like they've been downgraded again? Just looks more grainy than the first Dying Light. The faction choices just sound like Mafia 3 and that was very boring and made little difference. I loved Dying Light 1 enough to completionist it including the DLC and that's very rare for me so I guess i'll just have to see if its as good as that.
Lol way to ruin the game experience.
As a consumer, it’s a little frustrating to endure a 5+ year development cycle with multiple significant delays and still have to wonder whether we’re purchasing a half-finished game.
I loved the first game gameplay and enjoyed the story so overall I think I will love dying light 2
Gamranx has always been my go to once it comes to these kinds of games, jake likes to explain stuff as well as possible and tbh I don’t ever wanna loose him as a YouTuber or it just won’t be the same. Looking forward to seeing more videos from them👍
I trust your opinion hasn’t wronged me yet  I’m getting the game  I didn’t recently care about it but out of nowhere I found myself looking forward to it more it’ll be nice to play this  until horizon comes out  500 hours  though my girlfriend doesn’t mind me playing games but I think 500 hours  will cut into her time lol sorry tech land
Wait a minute.....you're not Karak with ACG!!!  Jokes aside, I've been waiting for this to come out and loved hearing every bit you had to say
Oh yeahhh I’ve been waiting to see this 😩
I got the first one few months ago with all dlc and loved it
does the weapon still break every 2 hits ? that was very very annoying in the 1st game , and btw i cant wait for elden ring b4 you buy XD
the jumping looks slow and almost floaty I hope it runs better on pc but it looks like another game that will take a while till they fix it with updates
I love this channel so much! Thanks, Jake! 👍🏻❤️
Must answer best 2 games u ever played 🎮   Rdr2 /Ghost of tsushima
(5:10) I think octanes been through here🤡
Do we get a story about how did the virus expand ? I finished the first and the following played a lot (lvl250) but I can’t figure how our character did travel to a new land to transfer the zombie virus?
The running animation... wtf.
I’m excited for it. I’m expecting the same story issues as the first but I’m ok with that because the story isn’t what makes me love the series. Which might sound bad but it’s more of a compliment towards the gameplay
The graphics are shit
I love cutting off peoples heads, I launched so hard wh you said that - fans will expose that
I love the first one so much I recently bought it for 2 friends of mine who had never played and am currently replaying the game with them to hype them up for part 2.
I am so pumped for dying light 2. I have my preorder on steam. I have a 3060 I’m hoping it plays this well. I could have got it on ps5 but lately I’ve been glued to the pc. Should you play day one or wait for more updates? I do don’t wanna wait I just want that drop kick a zombie off a rooftop feeling ASAP.
Are 90% of the missions just "hey get me this, hey, bring me that, hey errand boy"?  My only issue with Techland games, they stink at writing.
Feels like ur describing fall out 4 and days gone now I really don't know to buy or not especially since I saw Rosario in there
At some points jumps six meters far and 2 and half meter high from normal running. This is waaaaay too freely set.
Waited until my guy Jake was able to share his thoughts! Thank you for the insight and info brother!
great review!
does it run well on base ps4?
I was like man when are they gonna ... then pop
I already bought it
Hey Gameranx team.  How is the weapon variety in DL2? And have you find any Easter egg weapons?
pullp gamer scary spiek voice ummyumyum hard always fashroe
To be honest I don't remember the first game having a really great story/characters either so it won't bother me.
Any guesses on when we could see this land on gamepass?
So Rage 1 and 2 with metro but dying light
The running animation with the arms looks stupid as hell.
I hope all the viewers really have a wonder day fr ❤️‍🔥
Love dying light, I often find myself going to it from time to time. This one tho, eh. If I get it, it will be later down the road after some patches and maybe on sale.
I'm about to play the game in a few days, cant wait!!!!!!!!!
Bought for the ps5 I was gunna get it for pc but I have a bad habit of using trainers and ruining the experience lol 😆
I just hope I can do as great as y’all man really, we all gotta start somewhere! ✊🏻
Is it worth is to buy this game if you don’t have a ps5
Looks last-gen. Nope.
I loved DL1 to the point of killing Nightmares for fun, i cant wait for 2 regardless, Techland is a good company and knowing that, most of any bugs will be fixed
I loved the first DL because there was a balance between horror and comedy 😁😁
Hmm no guns and a less notable story… may refund tonight 🤔🧐
I absolutely loved the first Dying Light. May be a month or 2 yet before I play this one.
GameRanx has more respect from me than IGN does after their review on this game. Everybody is playing this game without the Day 1 patch so these bugs are expected.
Dying light 1 is brilliant. I'm a grown ass man and the night times terrified me 🤣 I'll be keeping a close eye on this as it's on my radar.
Tomorrow. I'm so damn excited.
Every reviewer in literally every game review: there’s a day one patch that’ll fix majority of bugs   Me: yea… I ain’t falling for that one again    (I ain’t saying the devs day one patch won’t fix the bugs I mean it more in general so many games say they’ll have a day 1 patch that’ll fix all the bugs and then the patch fixes nothing)
Yeah apparently the day one patch will have 1000+ fixes...
I can't wait
Wait there better be guns lol
Great first look into DL2!
This sounds rather disappointing for a game that I expected to be out like 2 yrs ago or whatever it was. They took way too long to make an avg sequel.
So the story and decisions are underwhelming. Something that I was expecting to happen lol. I guess I'll give it a few months to buy it.
Since when do zombies have a life bar?😂😂😂😂
it's hard to take you guys seriously if you keep playing games in the console that runs it worse!
Excalibur round 2??? Lol
Can’t two more days
How are the bugs/glitches in the game?? Im really looking forward to this game, I loved the first dying light, and sadly I have no internet where I live so I won't be able to patch it. Hopefully it's not to bad.
Is it multi player like the first game? That was some of the most fun i had with friends
I shouldn't watch this... I'm getting too hyped.
I swear Jake sounds very similar to Arlo.
@gameranx how many guns were there?
The story for dying light one really wasn't much.  It wasn't terrible it definitely had some good moments but they relied heavily on the parkour the combat and the beautiful open world. It haven't done anything different this time around except greatly expand the size intricacy and beauty of the open world and greatly improved parkour and combat.    From what I can see the game is a large improvement from DL1.  If you folks remember the reviewers shit all over dying light one initially and warmed up to it as they updated the game and made major improvements.   Techland did an amazing job fixing the issues the original game had and over all support was fanominal.
I NEED BE THE ZOMBIE MODE!!!
That game at night is tense af. Me and boy would play together and we would be screaming while we were running lol
I'll wait a month or two after release like I will with all games and then look at the reviews. I've been looking forward to this for a while but the gaming industry can't be trusted with new releases
"I love cutting off peoples heads" - Jack Baldino Feb3rd 2022
If Techland are still a good developer like when they did Dying Light 1, then I'll expect more fixes, updates & long-term additional content. So I'm gonna wait buying the game for those updates for now, just because so many games releases this month.
This is how my Fallout 3 stealth character gameplay looked in my head.
i remember dying light 1 release was pretty bad with the glitches. I remember there was an inventory glitch where you lost every weapon. wasnt fun lol
So same game but days are brighter and nights are darker cool got it .I'll pass lol
So the story is exactly like the first game? Lol very underwhelming..I was hoping they were gonna fix that this time around
After seeing this and other reviews im probably gonna wait for it to go on sale in a few months it looks fun but not really a buy on release type of game for me. I'll save up my money for elden ring and horizon forbidden west.
Isn’t this out the 4th*
Gameranx, you are best channel for games, you are never bias or lying, and always showing respect towards every game, even those that have bugs and problems, you point out to them to warn people but you never roast or insult them or try to get people to buy or not buy something.   Seriously amazing job
Loved the first. In it for the co op. That topic was not covered in this review whatsoever.   C'mon Jay!
Thanks gameranx for the awesome review. I watch a before you buy before I buy any game
Can’t wait for the VR version of this.
I'm so pumped for this! Can't wait to get back into the dying light world 🙌
I was hoping for dialog with consequences and a Indepth experience .
I called it!!! I called it in the most anticipated games. "Your choices matter" is always a lie.
I actually really enjoyed Dying Light 1. I didn't get started in it until they dropped the Following Edition but it enjoyed it a ton. Keep in mind that was 5-6 years ago however. At that time I had a completely different life...netherless it was a fun time. Playing at night and on chats with work friends, such a blast. I have the 2nd game on Preorder and will Dropkick in on Day 1. I can't wait to go! Seeing the reviews from earlier today had me somewhat worried but I alway wait for your videos. You guys do it best. Hearing Jake's Review really got me Pumped Again for this as I've been for a while
I'm such a caveman I enjoy going through buildings and taking everything that isn't nailed down
10:15 "Not Cyberpunk bad" LOL i hope this becomes a base level comparison. Fuck Cyberpunk
Assassin's creed, with zombies
Is there any fall damage at all?
Anyone else watch the Before you Buy after you buy it? lol
I feel much better now. I watched an IGN review that ran it into the dirt saying it cyberpunked And was an unplayable mess. I've been looking forward to it's release being a big fan of the first. I take Jakes view On games over anything IGN has to say..
Loved the first one. Gonna wait and see performance benchmarks for PC after the day 1 patch and driver updates before I buy.
Early
System requrtments is so high 🥺
We had cars in the last one now we don't? Lmfao already going backwards. Devs are so fucking trash anymore at improving games. 💯💯
Dropkick simulator
Appreciate the review
Jake just likes it cause you can web swing 🤣
Was never really interested in the first game, but when I saw that E3 demo I got so hyped up for this one. It finally releasing is feels unreal because of all the delays.
The 1 I've been yearning for 😊
I hope Kyle Crane is a boss you fight and he’s like a mutated night hunter!
How about the replay ability once you finish the game? I remember reading that in the first dying light once you beat the story there weren’t that many zombies on the streets, would it still be playable once you finish it?
Dying Light never had an interesting story in my opinion. I thought the first game had a bland story too, but it's the gameplay that makes it entertaining. It actually plays like...well, A GAME! And that's good! So I'll wait awhile and get this on sale like I did the first one
All I needed to know if the game was stable enough, and judging by this, I'm gonna have a good time.
I hold all open world games to the standard of Fallout 4 I'm excited to see how good it is
POV: your watching this after buying the game
I swear why people are talking shit about this game it looks amazing and by the progress that they have been showing I think it's worth it let's just hope it's not another cyberpunk
The jumping is a little weird. The initial push doesn’t give you enough jolt and momentum to jump as far as you do.
More like after you buy🤣🤭
If Dying Light 2 is just more Dying Light 1 with some cool new gaming mechanics then I'm in. I don't need it to be the holy grail of zombie games, just like the difference between L4D and L4D2.
It releases in 22 hours as of this comment by the way
K+M or gamepad?
i have money for 1 game this month and its gonna be Elden Ring, but i will wait for some DLC for this game and buy a bundle
Dropkicking zombie never gets old
I loved the first game, didn't play any of the extra content but I'm hyped for dying light 2, I'll be happy running about collecting as much as I can.
Did....they forget the stay human part? I don't feel like it was mentioned
even if people say this game sucks I will still enjoy it because I love dying light and it will be one of the greatest games for me.
Tbh the hud is waaaaaayyy too convoluted. There is too much information on screen. The items on the bottom left, the hp bars and levels etc etc. I love the graphics but the hud gets too distracting.
I'm annoyed that the current gen consoles came out a little more than a year ago and we can't play games at 4k 60fps. Even more annoying that a Ps5 pro will probably remedy that annoyance but it's going to be another run of not being able to find a Ps5pro anywhere and be forced to pay 2-3x the price from a scalper.
What would u rate it out of 10.
Did they really reuse the voice actor from the last game? I guess if you can't top it....
Gonna say I'm a strong meh 🤷🏻‍♂️. Definitely get this one when it goes on sale. I'm good to wait for Horizon for my new game this month
pLeAsE dOnT pLaY iT bEfOrE dAy OnE pAtCh!!!!
I like dying light. Probably will buy, maybe
Dis you find Exaclibur yet ? How about a Super Mario Gliding Hat ? God i loved that first game..
Watching this after already pre ordering.
If I can't put the game down then I'm enjoying it and the first installment including the dlc had me gripped, if it comes any where close to being as good as the first I'll be happy.
i'll wait for a sale. too many games this month lol
One question I have is how dose auto save work do you save where you quit or is it a random save spot
Can't decide if I should just bite the bullet and buy this or not.  I didn't really like the first one, to be honest, this looks more my jam, but I also have so many AAA games that I still need to finish.
It makes sense the story jumps from character to character. Remember, you're trying to get to your sister, not try to make a new family, right?
Very good
Do I need to play the first game to know what’s going on?
I couldn’t get into the 1st one! If this Game got a Sequel, DaysGone IMO is more deserving than this Game! But I’m going to give this a try when price drops.
don’t buy game is mid
True.
i noticed most of the HUD is from horizon zero dawn. huge like for that
Only took 7 years Ready to Play a other Zombie game!?!?
What about mulitplayer?
Suprise mf
Thank you gamerx. I was back and forth on buying this game and after watching your video made my decision I'm not going to buy right now I'm going to wait see how the game is see how other people like the game. I just don't want to take the risk cuz it is $60. I could use that 60 on another game. But again thank you for the video thank you for helping me make my mind up
I might be nitpicking but I wish the game was in 3rd person view
I’m getting it no matter what, I mean how much money I wasted on Battlefield
Wait what?!! How!!!!? The embargo has not lifted yet!!
Hey Jake, where's the pizza?
First person games suck
CAN SOMEONE TALK ABOUT THE COOP PLEASE
Why does every game now need a healthbar above the enemies? Is there an option to opt that out?
This is looking pretty damn good imo, reddit is crying as per usual because of a few 7/10s (which is apparently terrible?). Looks to be an improved version of the first game’s gameplay which is what i want.  Gonna be playing this on ps5 when it drops and definitely gonna be staying off gaming social media for a few days
Got platinum on dying light and now Ive bought the ultimate edition  of dying light 2 cant wait.
Im getting dying light 2. Matter what other people say.
sounds good to me but sadly germany only gets a cutted version :/
It came out TODAY?
I can't wait to play this I thought dying light 1 was great flawed but still great.
will wait for the discounted complete edition
My most anticipated game since Doom Eternal.
i got motion sickness just from this review.
Already pre-ordered
I'm glad I watched this video before I went for DL2.
The review is a little disappointing. Guess will wait for a sale.
One of my favorite games. Thanks for the vid!
I was waiting for this one. So much clickbait. Embarrassing clickbait. Even using similar names to yours.
so just like the first game, the story sucks but gameplay will carry it
I absolutely loved the first one and the following dlc was great I hope we get something of that level for this game
Hi
Love the look of the second game, can't wait to see how good it looks on ps5.
Don't ever plan on getting this game but this video was entertaining Edit: Game looks nice too
can someone please answer this , “will this game be out on xbox game pass ?” i’m tired of buying games just for them to be free on the game pass 😂😂😂
I know Techland can fix the game play bugs, but can they fix story bugs?
Performance = 1080p/60 RT mode = 1080p/30 with Rt shadows Quality = 1800p/30
Finally!!! I can’t wait to play this day couldn’t come soon enough! I have been playing dying light for years now and finally the second game is here
I do not want any crazy spoilers or nothin, but does the plot explain anything about Kyle Crane and the events of the following? i will be dissapointed if it isnt mentioned at all...
(5:22) Dayasha and his son are literally twins! LMAO 🤣🤣🤣🤣
woah didn't know so many people needed to get in the mood to play this
Gameranx Before you buy, the place you come AFTER you buy the game :))
⚠️—- Like this comment if you think I should buy this video game 🎮 💿  ……..
howdy
I think I'll wait on this one, but I'll definitely pick it up next Black Friday or something.
tbf i dont think anymore cared about the story in DL1. its all about the fun gameplay imo
I haven't ordered the game yet, but I was sure for it, long before I saw this video. Just wanna know the things you know here, to get even more hype for the game.
😁
How's the AI? Do the zombies and humans interact with each other smoothly. When they fight, are they typically one sided? (Zombies doing little damage to humans for example.) Are there random spawns? Or is it like the first game where you can tell what kind of zombie you're gonna see because you've been to the same area multiple times.
Thank you for the “killer” review Uncle Jake!  Gameranx is the one and only channel I’ll watch daily. Loved the first game and looking forward to spending some time with this one!   Thanks Gameranx!
You mentioned framerate, so i will write it down. 1800p/30FPS - resolution mode 1080p/60FPS - performance mode 1080p with RAY TRACING/30FPS
Got it, not touching this game for another year. Tired of fucking buggy releases
Too late, I already preordered months ago
Good thing we get to watch footage of the superior console
Game
I am very excited. Getting a new PC this month and I hope to be able to play it as even my current one can barely run dying light 1 with 25 frames. Loved the first game and definitely getting the second, overall I’m here for the gameplay anyway so I’m super excited and the story doesn’t impact my decision on buying it much
Ima buy this regardless but this the first time I’ve actually watched… before I bought
Day 1 patch? I’ll give it a try. Thanks!
I wish series s could run at 60fps I would play at 900p
Personally I didn't like the first that much and tbh I didn't even complete it, will this one change my mind?
Let me start with Thank you Jake for your hard work as always and all the Gameranx Team, Hello Falcon. Now to the rant, So the escape goat nowadays is that day one patch. BS I say my friends BS. How many years do devs work on a game and they still say Day one Patch will solve your issues after you buy the game we will fix it. BS. Anyway, so this time the game is just a 500 hours of side quests and the story is meh. If no character is interesting and even your main guy, then what's the point Devs?!
If there is no Night Hunter mode I'm gonna be upset.
cyberpunk was messed up but i enjoyed it eventually it was a good game and good story IMO since i m a good fan of dying light 1 i cant avoid 2. Parkour and zombie killing is the best combination out there
just like the just cause games not many ppl care for the story but the gameplay is hilarious and so so good
I read about a ton of crashes and bugs and people should wait to buy the game.
The story is 3/10 so far I'll probably have the story beat by time it comes out officially. I'll do the day one patch then beat it a 2ed time maybe the story will feel better then
at 5:50 character get stuck on the roof edge while in falling/walking on the wall animation still running
Hey look, A game that isn't broken to the point of being unplayable at launch
Another perfectly timed Before you buy…literally an hour before I bought it lol
It looks so... floaty
Those gamers start commenting DL nostalgia like DL is so underappreciated or 'best game in my opinion.' I swear those guys are the one that put negative review back in 2015. Literal cringe.
At least there is choices unlike the 1st, even if the choices are here or there.
If its the game is so called "Jacked" then Im not gonna pick it up until its not Jacked.
I'm gonna play this for sure, but I'm definitely more stoked on elden ring
super excited for this game
The peacekeepers: they will learn our peaceful ways by force
Dying Light was very good game. I'll play DL2, but i'm waiting for patches.
Man what they hell?
How’s the crafting/weapon durability system?
European studios, like the ones that make Cyberpunk 2077, Outriders, those european studios?
Is there, by any chance, an option to turn the health bars above the zombies off?
Leaving this for my friend chrome to find since we both watch every before you buy
This review as always is alotmore balanced than others. Before you buy is always great
It doesn’t look as good as it was built up to be, and it looks kinda clunky. I’m going to pass on this game. Thanks for another great video.
Loved the first one. Gonna love the second one from the look of it. It looks great! I never did care much about the story even for the original. It’s pretty much all about running around and killing zombies for me, while completing the objectives. That’s what was great about the first one was a lot of the side missions gave you blueprints as well as money and XP. Anyway I can’t wait to play this.
Clocked over 2000 hours into the first dying light absolutely loved it
Who else watches Jake’s before you buy videos even though you’re 💯 sure you’ll buy it? lol
Before You Buy is so necessary.
A banal world, full of bloated quests and an uninspired, mediocre story. I'll pass, thanks.
I'll come back after I've bought the game
How does the game run on ps4?
The content you guys produce, especially the before you buys are appreciated! I'll always watch a Before You Buy before any other review!
humanity being ravaged by zombies walls districts i wonder where ive heard this before hmmmmm
Super chill and real. Nice review
Looks identical to the first
Was waiting for this I don't trust those other reviews.
Of the many videos about this game that have been uploaded today, this is the one, for which, I was waiting.
I didnt wanna get this day 1 anyways even though this was one of a handful of games I was looking forward to but I don't have a super duper laptop and I dont know enough about specs and sheeit to know if I can really enjoy this game as is. I'm gonna give it a little time and jump in in a few months. I got enough sheeit I'm not playing right now and need to finish anyways
I usually choose the neutral-ish path but this one I think I'll go for force on one side this time
Techland said not to play dying light 2 untill the offical release cause they have alot of patches and updates that will be out before release
Hi future viewers                                                   You have 30 seconds to live starting now
Someone buy me this game
I’ve been waiting all week for this
Cant wait to play this. Waiting for years to get my hands on it😂
I have it pre-ordered and can't wait to play it, but I'm having the same problem as the first game. It's been pushed so many times I kinda lost my drive for it. But hopefully that goes away when I finally get to play it
Amazing :)
So all that talk about the story and choices  mattering and all else was bullshit? Figured. Looks like a bigger DL so I'm still gonna get but definitely not right now, been hearing a lot about bugs and performance problems.
I’m eating a hot dog rn
IGN said there's a tone of Bugs  But DL2 should still be a good game.
Can't wait 😮 it's been a long time coming. 🤔But am I the on one the finds the  looting/scavenging animation a little weird. Looks like his hands are just waving above the item 👐😆😆
I was literally searching for this video and *Lumos* there you go friend
We did it guys. We made it
I need someone to make a decision for me:  I just got a new PS5 Disc last week and have been playing the games on PS Plus and I want to get Dying Light on it. But, one of my best friends is back on Xbox and we wanna play together but ofc it's a last gen console and the PS5 is a new edition to my home.   What should I choose? And no I'm not spending double the money for both consoles.
he runs like a mongaloid
My PC will no longer at minimum requirement anymore.... :(
Thank you man I love this game soo much
If I didn't enjoy the last one will I have that same feeling here?
Have you done 7 days to die? Because I would like to see a before you buy now that its been updated alot
I'm not buying majorly disappointed that they only have 1080p 60 option for next gen
Have you guys tested mouse and keyboard compatibility on the ps5 version? I find it a must have for first person games and i haven't found an answer anywhere. Great video guys!
Jonah Scoot has a Discord server and is the VA of Aiden Caldwell
The jumping looks VERY floaty. And you fall pretty slowly. Reminds me of days gone
Thank you Jake I wait everyday too watch some gameranx!
Looks interesting but always hate night time stages where your blind and things can be sneaky
i have been waiting for your b4 you buy for this one, Ign shitted on the game but ign is ass and i never listen to them lol lets see what jake has to say
I love you Jake
Not gonna lie I miss the atmosphere of the original but this looks kinda cool.
Can I change the FOV on PS5 in this game?
Very cool
Do I have to play the first? Is the story connected?
is this temple run?
Way too overhyped of a game. Why did people let it get this far lol. looks boring and repetitive, and early players are saying the same thing. PASS
waited all day for this
I've seen better looting animations from games a decade older than this 🤦🏻
before you buy: WTF ARE YOU DOING BUY IT!!
I've been so excited for this release. DL was so awesome
ive never been this early
The review I have been waiting for
Another fantastic job, thanks!!
really looking forward this game, cant remember the last time i was so hyped! just hope it doesnt let me down
Jakeys on fire🔥
Whenever I want to buy a game, this guy is the person to watch. Bought many games cause of you and enjoyed them a lot.
It's me Jake baldino.... Words i always love to hear!
In the first dying light, there were a few places my friends called "smoke spots" because zombies cant pathfind to you (even at night) and you can afk for multiplayer. I hope there are some places like that because theres an eerie ambience  at night on a dark rooftop
Zombies still punch? Zombies still punch. 😑
The one thing I’m worried about is if the parkour is super floaty because looking and this it looks floaty Edit: how is playing the full thing for me it’s not out till February 4 I just preordered dl2 but like how is he playing the whole game?
Replaying dying light one before i buy the second game so this will be very helpful
Electronic arts suck
I SOOOOO WANT THIS GAME
I’m I the only one who buys the game THEN watch’s there before you buy 🤣
It's been out for years so it not new
The ambiance of this game looks very compelling tho
Been waiting for so long. So exited.
I really wish there was an option to turn off auto sprint
Finally. I saw not so great posts on this so with this I could finally decide
Thanks for all the work you do, Jake and crew! Dying Light 2 is finally here!
Aiden? Damn, I'll have the same name as 85 percent of the boys in my daughter's 2nd grade class lol. Can you change it? 😄😄
I can't wait to play this game
As long as it has the creepy electronic music, with that odd scream that made me think a volatile was behind me
YAAAAAAS FINALLY IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR YEARS!!!!
cant wait
right after i pre ordered i get this noti lol
Yoooo
Finally a game I want to play but I'm hesitant and I watch a before you buy before I actually buy usually I watch these after I've already bought the game 🤣
I’m currently replaying dying light 1 to get into the mood. I loved the first game and consider it one of the best zombie games out there. The second game looks like a definite improvement on everything the first game did.
Unreal Hype! THIS is the game Im going to put the most hours in. FOR SURE
For once I saw the video before thousands of people
Already pre-ordered the deluxe edition. Have heard some mid reviews, but I’m going to form my own opinion!
Let's Go Another Game Coming out 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Dying Light 2 Stay Hopeful
Jake coming in clutch with the BYB 🤙🏽
These videos are great I really enjoy them and use them to make video game purchases
Finally this is the review that I was waiting for to see if I buy the game or not. Hopefully it’s good.
I preorder it weeks ago😅
Pre-order the game back in May from GameStop can't wait to get it and play it already
Oooo one of the first four watching your new vid keep up the good work yall!!
Basically great parkour great fighting mechanics not great story
I am definitely buying this when it drops
My light is dying…
Thank you for this. I managed to keep my expectations reasonable so I'm not too worried but it'll be nice to know what I'm getting into
Hope it’s good
I would love to play it but in Germany it's cutted :/
I literally been waited ng a week for you guys to do a before you buy for this one. Thank you!!
OMG Finally! But I know I'm gonna buy it anyway regardless. 😁
I LOVE GAMERANX!! Especially jake and falcon😊
The visuals caught my attention instantly tho
love you jake 🤝
Once the glitches are all fixed it’ll be so good
Damm
Finally, a before you buy I actually watched before I bought the game.
If you won't die from lack of money, buy this
Hi Jake, Falcon, the team. :)
Can't wait to play this!!!!!
I have been waiting lets gooooo
Was literally just watching a few videos trying to get caught up and boom you upload another.
Yes! I think I can speak for a lot of us when I say I’m stoked for this one!
I have been waiting all day for this.
When new games release, these are the types of videos that I look forward to. Thanks Jake 😊
I’m so hyped for this game!
Too late now. I don’t care about the reviews I just want game
Yesss
First
cyberpunk 2077 2.0 and everyone is trying to deny it so hard 😂
Never clicked so freaking fast
Why won’t it just come out already
Buddy I waited too long you ain’t stop me
here we go
Got mine pre-ordered. No way this is gonna disappoint.
Yet another banger
Hello
JAAAAAKKKEEEE
Idc about the cons I’ve been waiting for this game for so long
Hell yeah Batman
Hi
I know gameranx was juiced with this
Another episode of after you buy
Here again, for that 🧂
Love ❤️ and first comment
Dam I’m early
First be like.
Wow nice vids
Already bought it 😅
4th
Hi how are you jake
Yo Gameranx!
lols
been waitin for this
Yes
Love your content, thanks!
😌💯preordered can’t wait
Hmm
Yessir
First comment 😄
First
video game
Finally 🥺
Heute
Is it out yet?
First
Nice
1
Dropkick: The Game
