THANKS HELLOFRESH FOR THE SPONSOR  GET YOUR 16 FREE MEALS PLUS FREE BREAKFAST FOR LIFE HERE: https://sdqk.me/pSmg4h8d/IOrh6nbp
Fkn weebs 😂
Best one piece game ever
As a doom stan i was told to come at you in the comments and all i gotta say is. HOW DARE YOU. Unf. That is all.
okay but the marika reveal was next level
I got like 500 ads in this video
24:10 Is this a new kind of "Plunging Attack"? Hehehehe
I just completed my first playthrough and I'm so envious of people who can learn and memorize boss patterns. I just summon my ashes and any NPC cooperators and hope for the best.
Ik im late but the one piece shit was just not good
I was really hoping that Elden beast could be the divine dragon but with the ability to move around
Too be fair Boa and Robin do look basically identical.
"Another One Piece" its been around for 50,000 years. Many characters to pull from it.
MY BABY IO! I LOVE CODE VEIN
new mandela effect: was loretta's horse's ass always that big
one piece fans eating good
Poor northern americans In Ukraine payments and transfers are usually processed in 5 minutes 😅 Refunds are 3 days max 😅 And yes, we can just send money from our bank apps wherever we want in same 5minutes😅😅😅
One piece can NOT be this good 💔🥀
My eyes 👀 😂😂
Bruh... How do you even Merge ALL of this?!?! 😭  I had trouble merging only 3 mods, It took me weeks to figure out how to do it.  edit: while watching the video o realised that ALL these mods are Just model Skins, they don't modify the gameplay, It's the same ER as ever, Just with some dank ass mods lul the mods i was trying to Merge were Convergence and Sword Heart Shura and something Else, that's why i was having trouble.
piss balls moments sent me
Genuinely who installs the one piece mods
The real Elden Ring was the One Piece we made along the way.
Good videos but a shitload of add. 50\50 watching your video and watching ads. It’s like watching tv.
The dragon with a ball on it is actually a chime from dark souls 2
Too much One Piece, otherwise cool run.
FRICK OFF, THAT IS NICO ROBIN RENALA, NOT BOA HANCOCK RENALA
the girl invaded in roundtable is Ayaka from Genshit!
Im probably a little late to this but melenias needle im pretty sure is the knight(mc) of hollow knight 48:05
rip editor
Ok hold up, IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THAT TRANSITION AT 40:30 THAT SHIT WAS CLEEEEEAAAAAN
Doom "stanes"
its the pattern of the pants
Code vein is lowkey sick 😂 the combat is a lot of fun it’s literally just souls with cheesy anime tropes
bro, i need this modpack please
Is there a mod list?
i wonder how hard it would be a mod in wich every enemy,you and all your invetory is invisible
This aint Elden Ring this is Elden Rong
36:28 “come on master chief, let’s get the FUCK outta here”
One piece characters over and over again was too repetitive and boring
Every one piece character fit so well  Also when he was fighting malenia i thought, what if malenia was apoo
Germans have the final solution
15 minutes in and it’s nothing but gay one piece stuff, got old and boring quick
Green frog from the Muppets = Kirby
I swear to god while everyone is nutting over all the existing one piece shit in this video, at least the bloodhound assassin felt to me like a reference to Tower of God manga (Anime has not reached that far up in the series)
I love how he has fought mostly one piece characters in the story
at this point ı hate almost all anime shit ı cant watch ı cant play what is the fuck of peoples obsession on anime characters why there is tons of good funny shitty characters like fuckng thomas train funny and scary why anime shit
tbh watching this and im rlly disappointed fire giant wasn't groot
Moonveil is for sure Yamato from DMC
55:50 I'm 2Batman from Nier: Arknaim
Can we have the mod pack?
Says he's not a "Furry" but wants someone to make a "Fat Horse ass" mod...hmm I think otherwise (¬_ ´¬ )
When this video first came out, I had never seen One Piece.  Now that I'm almost halfway thru it, I had to come back to this video to see all the One Piece stuff again Don't know if it'd even be possible, but imagine if Boa Hancock was Rykard lol
He just became pirate king
can i get this mod pack somewhere?
He should do something like this again but with a randomizer
Bro thought I wouldn't see Ysgramor's shield on Vader
Is nobody talking about how all the loading screens are ranni fan art
No matter how many times I re-watch this video, the cat banana sky makes me lose it every single time 😂
um can someone um give the list of the mods? for.. for a friend ofc..
Pls tell me the thomas soundtrack is included in the mod everytime a dragon spawn and not added by the editor
It was Mihawk's sword btw
This is a disaster
34:34  believe it or not this is monkey d Luffy in a way
okay, not knowing most of one piece is fair enough, but not knowing VERGIL? criminal
Gotta love the ranni loading screens
I got around 26 ads watching this
Gyaaaaaaat
No one watches one piece what a waste of mod, every other boss is same unknown anime character.
fairly certain beast clergyman is just him without the cloak lowkey fits the size sooo
Thats prolly how whitebeard faught when he was in his prime
I lowkey wanna play this hahaha
Twilight Princess shield is awesome.
pretty sure maliketh model was from mouthwashing
Sad seeing so many one pieces bosses, it was kind desapointing every time another one came up
im so jealous about these clean malenia fights... the waterfall dance dodges so clean
As a One Piece fan hearing you say "how many One Piece guys can there be?!?!" made me laugh like crazy lmao. There are, in fact, a lot of One Piece guys.
tbf 2B is an Android. Even in NieR Automata her fists do a lot of damage
I think having a Doom Guy mod would be so funny if the maker really went all out on it and was able to implement guns and edit story beats
20:34 I can't believe no one recognized her as a boss from Code Vein
The godkind duo should have been Magellan and the other egyptian looking guy. Also he could have been a good gargoyle replacement, dudes tall and skinny af
Lame one piece bosses
In the end of this playthrough you become Pirate King, not Elden Lord.
Zoro ending was nice
Those nightmare things are those hand spider nightmare things
How tf did you merge all these mods?
Bro why is it all anime You are homosexual
wonder if tht code still works
OMG the lava ...no where near it
15:33 That’s the Bloodborne visceral attack animation.
does anyone know what the op stomp mod name is?
One Piece haters going crazy with this one 😂
Just as Miasaki intended
the fact that aggy thinks dmc5 dante is ugly is proof hes straight
maliketh is from graceborne mod, its sick ass and kinda like a Dark Souls + Bloodborne version of elden ring
dogshit weeaboo ass mod
That OnePiece thing was supposed to be funny?
Bro one guy in the chat said "One piece fans when episode ten million reveals that the one piece is just a LEGO piece the pirate king need to finish his LEGO set" and I'm currently in the process of cremating myself 💀
0:07 Oh my JOHN DARK SOULS!!!!! IT'S SOLAIRES SET
wano arc with kaido fight was amazing
Such a one piece fan he ruined the vid by just doing one piece bosses
The original fps unlocker hasnt been updated but still works. Any FPS, FOV and game speed adjustment. Everything a growing boy needs, only mod i need
18:00
What are your PC specs!!!?? My PC would crash 😂
There can never exist a single dragon in a game that wont be turned into thomas or macho man randy savage
Too much anime
This was the One Piece x Elden Ring crossover I never expected, didn't know that I needed, and I dont know how I'd live without it.
I think not making Radagon  Shanks was a bit of a missed opportunity cuz of the red hair haha
31:26  summary of this entire video
How did bro did not know 90% of the references😅 you surely grew up in era of one piece, berserk, dark souls 1(jester at start) lowkey hurt my soul😢
2:07
This just shows how One Piece fans are. They think they have to include their "greatest fiction" into everything else.
IS THAT BLACKBEARD!?!?!?! "ZEAUAUAUAUAUAUAUAUAUA!!!!!  HISASHIBURI DANA MUGIWARA!!!!!!"
Was hoping for godskin duo to be ornstein and smough, but we move
Would have been more entertaining if half the mods wasn't One Piece....
14:00 what if the Red Wolf was powered by green?
do you have this mod pack as a download to try it out?
45:39 for some reason I keep hearing "and I have never known de feet" I think I got Miyazaki curse
Kizaru as Margott actually makes so much sense because he has light powers in one piece lmao
do a version with the dlc and no one piece please that would be awesome. i wanna see more shit like the maliketh one, the makima malenia was okay too since it was different
The constant one piece references are a bit annoying after a while, especially since I haven’t watched it yet. Find someone who knows what variety is to do this next time
46:36 Look at the chat during malenia 2nd phase , all degenerates assembled .
@6:48 MI BOMBO!
I haven't seen the full thing. but if rennalla is hancock, then im going to lock in that radagon is luffy.
They could put Mufasa for the lion.....
4:52 you have bear fists?
9:57 her names ayato and shes from genshin impact
10:45 Let’s get some more WHAT
Review of this video: Too many OnePiece
Title is a clickbait lie and so is the video.
Too much one peace
You were right btw that was Kizaru from one piece
27:03 this piece of the map looks like a head. 🤔
CINEMA PLOT TWIST
Elden rings nsfw mods are nowhere near Skyrims nsfw mods it isn't even close. If you know, you know.
I PASSED OUT FROM LAUGHTER
It seems Graceborne might be in this "pack" he made. He should do this again
How can u know everyone except for guts…? :(
So much other boss potential if they ventured outside of one piece lmao
man i came in here expecting a really funny good video and then it was all one piece
It's Elden Ring in the fenzied flame version
Literally the same hair 😂 The stubble is also in the same area
i love how whitebeard's model works perfectly with godfrey
great video, but honestly iam a little mad because of you. How can it be that you didnt know any character of one piece. Ive never thought about the option, that they are people alife who hasnt seen one piece
i enjoy one piece but that too many one piece mod that it got very stale and it ruin the video a bit
Im not forgiving you for calling Chester the "Bloodborne guy".
How does one install the mods without getting vac banned?
I mean.... I'm in fuck it 😂😂
Guess you gotta be into one piece to find those mods funny.
Hello Fresh the only way to sell raw produce very profitably
every fucking time aggy gets hit all i hear is "OH NOOOO, MY PRECIOUS POWER RING, GONE FOREVER.... AAAAAEEEEE"
Video was made worse by all the one piece mods. 5/10.
Too easy for you, let's do this shit with our eyes closed
honestly, too much one piece lol a couple references were funny but i was looking forward to a variety of funny/interesting bosses. Meh. Still fun video. Surprised you got that many mods to even work at once lol
24:19 I won't lie. I immediately paused the video and went searching for that Brotherhood mod.
We got Kermit in Elden ring before gta 6, that's crazy
I will find you if you call the Chester bloodbourne guy again
Does somebody have the list of the mods? I actually wanna try this
ugly asf this mode with op boss
Can we get the list of mods used? id like this experience as well
21:02 wait is that Diaochan !?!
Nah, Code Vein Prisoner goes CRAZY
"How come this guy looks old and weirder than when he was young??" ...Has this man not seen a single human being or fictional character over the age of 20??
21:16 ok Jokeslayer1. You got me with that one
He foresaw Luigi
I love the entire chat booing when they found out makima doesn’t turn naked in the fight 💀
I feel like fire giant should be big mom tho
that wasnt the bloddborn guy that was from ds1 6:14
Your editor is a man of culture
8:14 Pen pineapple apple pen.
Master chief 🤨 x2
How to ruin a game with gen z garbage
“STOP WITH THE ONE PIECE I SWEAR!” Is so funny
The horse dumpy was my favourite. I swear im not weird it is just funny.
That was ... certainly an experience  :3
It'd be awesome if you could use Links og weapons like: using your Ocarina to call Melania,Epona as your steed,bombs,sticks,slingshot,bottles with 🧚‍♀️ to heal you,hammer,boomerang,ice & fire wand,or enabling weapon breaking,& crafting items found to build custom weapons similar to Lies of P.
This guy makes this game look easy
One piece is mid, change my mind
The Radahn OP skin is Kaido.
This is amazing man 😊❤ a shame that it doesnt work on playstation
Morning star is easier to swing
secret elden ring dlc achieved
44:31 because he’s like 50 and he’s been in a coma for a month.
Wait until he hears about how many Skyrim mods there are
Ok...now elden ring is interesting
00:19 Thomas?
Give modpack
Phase 2 Godrick not being Albert Wesker with their Ouroboros Arm is a fkn disgrace
Aggy regular loretta had a smaller butt on her horse lol you just said that about a regular horse 😂
20:55 anyone know the character? Edit: its Diaochan from Dynasty Warriors 8
20:28 soooo, did we ever hear back about this one?
I think lorettas horse has a fat ass cus of the armour, i wear lorettas armour and hers is the same way, it gives my character the biggest gyatt
Good praise this man for merging all these mods
do a no locking on run
How mod didn't make Godfrey a Jojo character is a travesty
One piece odyssey wishes it were this good
Fighting the guy from impel down with a plunger is so fitting since he's always backed up in the show and sits on the toilet 8 hours a day
aggy not recognising vergil makes me sad
I love this but you curse so much bro
28:00 He has no idea how funny this is
"This mod sucks"  "I wanna see that scarlet rotussy"  Wat 😂
bro didn't change to gear 5 in kaido dragon battle, dislike
1:30 I’m b ing completely honest, that shrimp Alfredo is looking soooo good right now dude
furry mod? instant dislike
Anyone else notice the face in the sky @ 16:25 ?
Would have loved this video if everything wasn't a one piece reference
Great idea for a vid.  But this guy is so dramati. Its like hes a kindergarten teacher.  Im tifa. WHOOOOOAHH. is that thomas ahhhhhh!!!!!  THE ONLY UP MAPPPP!?!?!  theres and estus flask?!?  HOLY FUCKING SHIT
I like that the bar for being a good game is having a Thomas the tank engine mod
Tifa mod gonna go hard with Dryleaf Arts
Why is “horny” censored in a “fuck”-ridden video?
Was kinda hoping for Unalloyed Malenia
This was so fun ngl
officially the greatest youtube video i’ve watched
Can you please tell us the mod list?
The new kingdom hearts looks insane
When you lowkey laughing your ribs out but you tryna read the chat reaction so you gotta lock in
ngl i hated the one piece characters as bosses
One of the best sponsors I’ve seen Aggy. I’m 100% some people actually were convinced because it looks amazing dude, good job.
Man imagine if when you equipped an armor that makes you look like a character with a sick soundtrack, the music started playing. It Has To Be This Way or Rules of Nature for Raiden etcetera
36:24 WOAH. Is that a crab with a top hat and a monocle? That's it. That's where I draw the line. Come on Master Chief, let's get the FUCK outta here"
all the main bosses being one piece characters is so boring, thanks editor
Elden ring base game needs visual armor and actual armor. There’s so many armor that look cool but have garbage stats. If it’s a problem for PvP then make so when you get invaded it reverts back to your actual armor and not visual one if that makes sense
Is Parkenharbor your wife?
In the event no one answered the question about Whitebeard. In Japanese moustaches and beards share the same word, there isn't a difference between the two. And given the creator was throwing in famous pirate references he thought it would be funny for Blackbeard's opposite to be called Whitebeard but not have a beard.
I hoped that he fire giant would be the collosal titan 👹
At 39:36 he turns into the shopping mall wizard gnome
Aggy fisted Hancock, what a legend.
Should’ve done darth maul with cipa phaser (energy sword)
37:40 missed opportunity to make it tweety bird.
the bosses couldve been so many things why were they all just one piece 😭
As a one piece fan, your lack of knowledge is only a small bit unsetting and I suggest you give it a watch.
**Meets the continent puller** **Is plumber** **Leaves**
That Hornet model on Gideon is so cursed 😂
The irony of beating Magellan with a plunger
46:00 Finally a boss not from one piece
Would’ve been nice to have some bosses that weren’t one piece characters
Wow, didn't expect 499 out of 500 to just be One Piece mods lol
52:43 SILKSONG/HORNET YIPPIE A HOLLOW KNIGHT MOD
23:17 : So you died because you were trying to check the horse's ass 😂
Don't worry Aggy, I'm also a lot better at going down than going up 😏😏
bored of seeing one peace dudes
I love the Thomas mod
beast clergyman was lowkey th root of nightmares he chill tho
Ready Player Elden Ring.
shame on this person who hasn't watched One Piece much,shame :D
44:59 did he just spoke in Portuguese?
And that’s how the lands between where saved from all the anime characters. By killing everyone
Dante would die of laughter, upon seeing Vergil beating the CRAP out of Shrek and Groot, with a toilet plunger, while riding a Warrior Jar! 🤣
29:16 jojo reference
BERSERK man😭
You forgot Mohg
All the bosses being one piece characters lost its funny factor after Rennala. At least Niall being a Minecraft Golem ended up being funny  Edit: Ok Makima Malenia was hilarious
The One Piece mod is so dumb but Godfrey as WB goes HARD
I don't like one piece but the mod looks sick
I know you told me to "get his ass", but as a long-time massive fan of One Piece, I have trouble telling Robin from Hancock a lot of the time in color spreads and the like, too. I have too look for the earrings or nose. They both have long, black hair and Oda is notorious for drawing nearly all of his female characters with the exact same body.
dislike for so many one piece characters, turned it off after i saw rennala the modpack creator is just dumb idiot
20:54 Why he immediately look at her ass ☠️
He doesn't know guts, but he knows the weeb anime girl :|
shadow of the erdtree lookin crazy
Elden Lord: Sage of Six Paths 2Batman
Bro corrected himself of doom slayer and still called him master chief after
One piece as bosses is the best
Love the zelda shop music used for the sponsor!
17:20 no lorreta's horse is like that even in the base game
I'm still in my first playthrough. So if you choose frenzy flame ending, melina gets pissed. Then after becoming the elden lord, then if you use the needle to cure frenzy flame, does melina talk to you again?
If epic games made Elden ring :
lowkey sucks how underwhelming and boring these mods instantly become if you don't happen to be a one piece fan
It’s Kaido, actually.🤓
Guy needs to put a crust filter on himself or somethin bro humans don't have heads that smooth. Save some  moisturiser for the rest of us please.
White Beard's beard is between his legs.
Anime Stans is crazy☠️... and Loretta's horse always had a dumpster of an ass
I NEED THE MOD LIST OR AT THE VERY LEAST THE ONE FOR THE ROUNDTABLE
25 seconds in and i’m seeing iana elite from rainbow six siege
46:15 WHAT IN THE TRANSITION?????
Ok modders. Hear my calls! We need someone to create The Lands Between before the shattering. I would love to see Elden Ring in its prime!
13:19 Those look like lamballs from palworld
as a man with laws hand tattoos, hearing you not understand one piece makes me hurt so much
One Piece is actually goated.
i love how hornet mask + abyss watcher outfit just straight up ends up looking like the hollow knight. perfect
Please tell me we can download this?
Fujitora would have made a much better radhan
too many one piece😭
Why didn't they make the elden beast just big mom from one piece
"BE NORMAL!!!"
2:06 to skip sponsor
30 seconds in and im already dying laughing from the "you have no idea how many nsfw mods i had to sift through.. literally we're talking skyrim levels of degeneracy here" editors note, i love it
Rykard should have been divine dragon
That Zavala Armor is sick
Honestly makes sense that he didn't recognise Doomguy, while immediately recognising League character and Master Chief
What editing software was used to create the effects in this video?
You’re a cute twink.
Is there a full list for this chaotic mess of mods you used?
Seems like the only time Kaido can be beaten is during a festival.
Best quote of Aggy: I need to take a good look at ur horse's ass.
that flying thomas thing for the dragon is terrifing
31:28 bro knows Raiden but not Vergil…?
2:43 …you’re a Souls fan but don’t know who Guts is??
I am at the fire giant part and I am kind of disappointed that the bosses are all one piece.
Enough dedication to mod every boss, but not enough dedication to find an actually good show to watch
Missed opportunity to be Melania with the giant crusher wheel. Peak screen usage
THIS MAN DID NOT JUST CALL DOOM SLAYER MASTER CHIEF!?
Im gonna be honest. All the one-piece stuff was kinda lame. It was kinda overdone
Idk of anyone has commented this yet but the japanese translations for white beard and white mustache are the same so for English they just use white beard because that's a basic pirate name
Who else clicked because they saw Luigi?
Oh Erdtree, what is this wretched parallel universe ? It seems far from Grace !
Ah, one of the many parallel universes where tarnished ones can travel, scheme and invade !
This literally a band kid’s humor condensed into a game
elden piece
Perfect Susanoo would be perfect for Radahn
i never knew how much i needed 2b with a skateboard
HOW MANY F WORDS CAN YOU USE??? SO ANNOYING!!
Could you list the mods you used in this video
I really don't get this, it looks like a reaction video, just a dude describing what's on screen and screaming WHOAH every now and then.
Tho derpy I gotta say the one piece boss replacements were on point in terms of character similarities
is this Elden Piece?
41:12 I hate you with a passion >:(
the malenia wings is like using constant iron sights in a fps
Is there a list or something for the mods I wanna try this out
haahha
Monkey d man would have been sick
No monkey man
Where's omni man
The amount of one piece bs was pretty annoying ngl
Was really excited to see the variety of bosses in this run...and then it was just one piece the entire video
Loretta’s horse was unmodded. Fromsoft is just like that.
I dont get the obsession with drawn characters so much they put them in every game possible
12:20 its so you can kill it, duhdoii.
honestly him mistaking nico and hancock is funny because they do look pretty much exactly the same
The editing of incredible
2:03 End of a.d
Mf said CAPTAIN HOOK! 56:56
Bit late to the party, but the jist is  70-90% of mods were just one piece stuff (great is you're a 'weeb') that got old after the first 2 minutes of video, and any form of 'haha funny der' AKA meme mods were far and few between.  Almost every boss was one piece stuff.   Advice skip 50% of the video, the bosses were uninteresting and not a 'oh what'll it be!', as you could guess almost all of them would be one piece.  Skipping to him buying armor is also valid, a lot of armors were neat. Albeit it, 90% of it was anime stuff... Again, got stale real fast.  I agree with the one person in the comments who said that the 'comments get him' little 'editor notes' got old super fast too..  A actually interesting boss was Maliketh, 51 minutes in roughly, Really surprising and cool, bout only worthwhile boss battle to watch tbh.  I will agree with most people, probably one of his 'worser' videos.
Fuck you youtube minimizing the video for ads like wtf
ngl the constant one piece was lame, 1 or 2 is fine but then it got old
Raiden with da plunger
'She can have balls'? Hell yeah Aggy said trans rights
The one piece characters made this so much less interesting
I Didn't come to watch this video excepting to miss One Piece and start re-watching it again 😅
"Girl your ass makes me think you have mods on" is definitely going to be a pickup line of all time
Everything being one piece just got stale immediately after Margit.
the whitebeard fight looked amazing
i think the maliketh is just him but without the robes in the first phase and without the armor in the second
wrgg
Shardbearers being op characters might be just the unfunniest thing ever.
Bro the "physically possible" in the titel scared me.
40:39 did you notice the clouds are all stretched cat faces?
Next video: add all 3088 mods. Love the 2 fingers now being a middle finger- that's the only mod I need for ER. I was really hoping the giant dragon was going to be a GIANT Thomas the Tank Engine but it looks like they're all the same size :( The Loretta Horse bum being huge is hilarious! This whole thing is hilarious- I need to stop adding to this comment, otherwise it'll be a short Book by the end of the vid :P
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHH IM THE GOOD BOY
Honestly almost every boss being a one piece got boring real quick
Could have done something way funnier for the bosses then one piece
When he got to melania I honestly thought they would've done max troll and installed Unalloyed Malenia just to fuck with him
anyone else realize that mobs with glowing eyes give you 5x runes? i’m pretty sure that’s why he got 60k from margit
Never in my life did I think I would see Genichiro Ashina use Yoru to fight Kaido in Caelid but here I am. Couldn’t have seen this without you Aggy
Elden Beast should've been Shirohoshi
As an avid reader of One Piece for 15 years who knows pretty much none of the other Anime characters in this video this was hilarious to watch.
34:40 That was a missed opportunity for Moria to be the giant's eye.
Maliketh = Griffin from Berserk.
i gotta point out just how disgustingly manipulative that hellofresh ad is (not mad at u cuz u just gotta get that coin ig but damn) gives you free things, and continues to give you free things so long as you never cancel your subscription, so they pull you in witht he 16 free meals so you think "why not? its free stuff so ill sign up!" then once you almost run out of meals you remember that if you cancel your subscription you miss out on a technically INFINITE amount of free stuff, making you want to keep it anyway... you cant think "oh ill cancel and re-sign in a couple months when i have more money" because then you'd be missing out!!! fuck you hellofresh
I wanted to watch this mod vid but the guy is annoying as fuck! It’s like I’m watching a child play a video game
Is there a VOD for this?
20:33 there’s a guy in chat saying “from my dreams” lmao
Is he a furry or not?
This feels like a Pointcrow video on crack
I'm dying for a list of all of these mods LOL
Hey! He hasnt dedicated his life to One Piece! Get his ass!!
The One Piece disrespect is crazy smh
Bruce Willis in - Devil May Cry
As a one piece fanboy i enjoyed the hell out of this. 10/10
53:55 i gotchu, the japanese language doesnt have a word specifically meaning “beard”, just a word meaning facial hair in general, so he has a mustache, the english translation changes it to beard for obvious name reasons
Cool vidéo (i hate one pisse)
the transition at 40:32 was marvelous
I cant believe I'm just seeing this video on my TL. I found you when you did the bloodborne mods and ended up watching a bunch of your content. And at some point you just stopped showing up in my reccomended. Glad to see that changed after I watched your another crabs treasure video 😂
Im ngl this modlist wouldve been infinitely better without the vast majority of bosses being from one piece lmao. Nothing against the show but it was kinda boring seeing the models from the same show. Each boss shouldve been from a different movie or game. Like sauron instead of radagon or smth like that.
For 500 mods it was kinda underwhelming
Anyone else notice the golden eyes margit, isnt that like... Extraordinarily rare
Are you or are you not EmortalMarcus?
anime mods?
Poor Ornstein. He goes to college but can only get a job that involves a toilet plunger. It's tragic, really.
41:15 terrible video terrible he said doomguy is master chief bad youtuber
"RULES OF NATURE!!!"
Should of been gear 5 luffy for the final battle to make it cannon
oh man I really wanna know who made the beast clergyman design
no one knows about 20:27 thank god
The one piece boss got old real quick. Wasted potential for some weird and janky ass boss model.
how uninspired making every boss a one piece character. L guy who choose the mods
I wish there would be a way to download a package with all those mods ready to set up in my Elden Ring folder 🤩🤩🤩
honestly missed opportunity to just make Greyoll an absolutely MASSIVE thomas, rather then a bunch of them
OMFG! Only HERE, we can have VERGIL from Devil May Cry 5, riding a Warrior Jar, beating the S%#@ out of GROOT and SHREK! This is officially a RussianBadger vid, LOL! 🤣
Honestly, every single boss being one piece was really boring
Me: Mom can we have pewdiepie?  Mom: no we have pewdiepie at home Pewdiepie at home:
Dude you know everything
I think the one piece mod must’ve been one of the first mods loaded and that’s why no other bosses were really present
Not adding Godrick the Garfield was a missed opportunity
Gol.D.Radagon had to stop us from mending the one piece
bro theres so many anime with great villains and 90% of these are just one piece, good anime but come on, shoud've veted some of them out
16:57 it always has been that way
Yo just drop the modpack
I'm not too interested in modding my game but I might need that jar horse :0
this dudes got 500 mods and i can’t even download 1 😐
From what I heard, there's no Japanese word equivalent for "beard", so his Japanese name is actually "White facial hair". Localized as beard cuz "White facial hair" or "white moustache" sounds stupid.  On a related note I'm surprised at how not-horrific most of the One-piece mods look. I mean Kizaru was nightmarish with the arms and Doffy's neck freaked me out, but otherwise pretty decent looking.
one peice mod assssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Not sure exactly what Aggy said to set off my Google Home, but now there's a permanent search of "how to make a giant horse ass" in my search history.
The new One Piece game looks legit, 10/10
actually in the novelization they explain that shrek can only be killed by magic
the one piece thing so totally didnt get boring after the first two bosses.Even Aggy starts to sound bored. Horrible mod choice lmao
I like how aggy calls the gross looking ones "upsetting", somehow it seems like more if an insult lol
I always come back to this every few days just to see that intro. For some reason the bloodborne screen makes me giddy.
Borsalino as morgot makes a lot of sense tho
Genuinely love the Bloodborne hud
Might as well just put mods on dark souls because that’s all that is😂
i hate one piece so much it's unreal
2:47  iana
Aggy we need that mod pack for ourselves 😭😭😭
Crazy that they missed the chance to have Goku be renalla and hit the kamamaha
TF THE LOADING SCREEN AT 11:00
Fornite in eldenring is crazy lol
can i get the mods used?
you know damn well dante’s a dilf
Giant ass horse? No. Giant horse ass!
Do another one of these with all different mods. It would be super entertaining too like this one
is it possible to download this modpack?
Anyone know what the barehanded mod he has is?
the one piece mods ruined it tbh... that show is too mid to be in elden ring
Sick edit at 40:30
So many one piece mods is boring as hell man By the way... why in name of god did you dont installed Rick, Soldier of God?
Best part is riding in the pot...
One piece ugh ... One giant troll of an anime... 45 min anime 25 min is into and flash backs.
Elden ring, more like elden piece
mid piece mods ruined video
I... I hopem that isn't supposed to be THAT Argonian at 20:28...
i'd like to see Jev use this modpack lol you should make it a Collection on the nexus so maybe we can convince him to try it 😂
Oh come on, modlist plz
Nah anime shit is weird bruh
Aggy about to start a war with the weebs
40:52 “ITS ONE PUNCH MAN FUCK” “OKAY HE IS PUNCHING SEVERAL TIMES” straight up had me dying. Caught me off guard
aggy got 500 mod to work and I cant even get 2 working
Elden ring blood borne edition
Overall still an entertaining video, but the overused one-piece joke got old quick and made seeing what the bosses were replaced with way less interesting. Not to mention all the "Anime stans, get his ass in the comments" carries the most "🤓👆" energy I've ever seen in an Elden Ring video
When I see this stuff, games and people are so amazing. Genius. Artistic. Creative. It's equally impressive to see it all actually work. Proves how optimized this game is. Kudos to the devs and the modding community.
good mods , bad guy
Wee need @zanny to see this bro
all these mods and everything is from one piece?  boring
Nuts when he says it’s Berserk time: Idk I didn’t watch the video game
"Oh boy a One Piece boss, that's kind of funny, I can't wait for it overdone immediately"
6:15 "bloodborne guy" 😂 I think it's Chester from ds1
The fact Malenia isn't a Sekiro looking Boss is a crime
I want a mod that makes the godskin duo boss fight Wario and waluigi 😂
RICK! SOLIDER OF GOD!
thanks for the content xQc
tibia boat man should've been the flying dutchman
Bushy > LilAggy
Это безумие. Он и вправду использовал атаки Годфри против него самого
Criminally hilarious
Missed opportunity from the one piece mod maker to make kizaru and akainu the omen brothers
I guess all of these mods are just made for streamers because I have no idea who would actually install and use any of these. It’s a funny meme for a little while but it’s hard to believe that it’s actually worth the effort that went into making them.
Dmc bro is in his 30s-40s. It gets worst as you age into his range.  But also better…
Godrick finna make some donuts for them breakfast
Nah tbh the fact they made all the bosses one piece characters made it kinda boring, bc u know what to expect every time
That was interesting
I believe the fire giant was the giant in One Piece and the name is Ores!
gotta love that one piece is everywhere
"Oh, he's bald!!" Im dying
❤
"ITS GROOT 😃"  Beats groot to death with a plunger
All these mods, and Aggy still goes for the Bloodhound's Fang smh my head
he knows 2b and doesn't know guts , bro u need to reset ur priorities
Holy shit. Your editor loves One Piece to the point of it being cringey.
God damn. Your editor must have a permanent erection for One Piece.
One Piece is so mid. Your editor needs to stop whacking off to the show and find a better variety of mods.
Ace and the One Piece community also find Akainu's arms upsetting...
Prediction, Godfrey is whitebeard, because earthquakes, anything else and I riot.
Having Margit be Kizaru made sense, Having Godrick be Akainu did not, I was expecting that to be Fire Giant or Rykard.  Edit: I guess he breathes fire in Phase two but Akainu has fucking lava powers, not fire.
"I thought he just had a giant thomas shaped peen..." And I don't wanna know why people were just staring at Loretta's horses ass
wow you have not see that much one peice
3000 mods is nothing 😭😭
no shortstack ranni, dislike
Makima is already scary enough holy shit 😭
I can't believe there's no Peter Griffin
Red wolf Radagon would of been perfect it was changed to Clifford the big red dog.
5:49 does anybody know what mod that make camera zoom in/out like that ?, i was searching a while but nothing came by.
Do you have the mod list?
7:08 Melina's lesser known ability, the Penance Stare
I'm so disappointed he called the power pole a stick
Honestly expected shanks as Malenia. would fit so much actually. also with the arm and stuff
Lost a bit of respect when you didn’t know who Guts from Berserk was considering the amount of influence that manga has on every FromSoft game
the one piece is rel
sad no big mama
We did it Patrick, we saved the city.
I cannot imagine how hard it was to merge all these mods
The running theme of every major boss being a one piece is good
Play Code Vein. The busty anime girl there is legitimately one of the best companion characters in a Souls-like.
Please do this again with dif mods lol
You lost like 200k runes @ rykard
Noo why didn’t he use the Valstrax sword
You forgot to fight the two-headed dragon
DMC5 has the lame hyper realistic art style which is just ugly.
Aggy really should’ve gone and used hoslows armor, he would’ve actually had master chief 💀😭😭
All the bosses being one piece villains was lame, they should have all been unique or interesting
Ngl they 100% should have just let the players body ragdoll on death in the vanilla game 😂 Imagine the amount of bodies that'd fly out of boss arenas
The one piece bosses were getting old
Out of all the crazy mods in this video lorettas horse’s ass not being modded is what shocked me the most
No ablo Englais
Yoo is there a modpack for this
Loretta horse: great googly moogly that thang is juicy
I love how he sees franky in the praetor armour and says masterchief😭
he should have done this without the one piece mod, ngl. It's like 70% of the mods
So much of this was so fun, the One Piece characters genuinely kinda ruined it. Like none of the bosses came as a surprise after the first few, they were just all One Piece.
Man anime weeps are so cringe.
Why are there so many one piece mods?
Genuinely depressed aggy didnt know vergil from dmc
That envoy horn not being a skeleton doot meme is a crime
Bro I remember when you had like 10000 subs!! Keep it up bro!!!
"Bloodborne Guy" is marvelous chester from DS1. 😂
Best 60 minutes of my life
Editor has trash taste in manga.
>knows about One Piece >doesnt know about Berserk  We could never be friends.
Too much one piece it’s not funny or interesting at all
As a Skyrim enjoyer, that amount of mods (I mean on Nexus)... well let's just say that ammount is average.
i am the doom lover, AINT NO WAY, you just said master chief
how do i get banana cat mod i need that now
てっきりラダゴンの代わりはシャンクスがやるんだろうと思っていたよ シャンクスもラダゴンも片腕なのが同じだからね
One piece bosses are kinda cringe
Clicked for Thomas the train
Man, one piece fans are kinda cringe
Love how the one non-One Piece boss, in Maliketh, is an unholy abomination of the night
Can you make every enemy in Elden Ring Malenia and can you beat it LilAggy?
40:30 bro dropped the smoothest transition and thought we wouldnt notice💀💀💀
I gotta say I'm a huge one piece fan but I found it really lame that all the bosses were one piece, that was so dumb.
How can you not know Kizaru
44:27 ugly? You high ir sth?
2:39 no one gonna point out the elven axe from skyrim💀
Just want to point out that they could’ve made Rykard into Kaido as well
0:20 would
THE GAME RAN?!?!
sliksong leaked gameplay
Great vid chat was kinda irritating non one piece watchers love saying how much they dislike one piece (don’t know how you can dislike when you haven’t seen) even more than one piece watchers love saying that they love one piece.
I can’t believe you don’t know one piece characters you’re so bad so invalid L opinion git gud catch up to one piece how do you not know kizaru or akainu or kaido or boa Hancock you should catch up to all one piece episodes or else all your opinions are invalid
Its pretty cool but every other word is Fuck. I get your young and you think it makes you sound cool  and its ok to throw out a f bomb every now and then but damn man its just cringe
so much one piece hate 😂😂😂
I think i need more one piece mods in my life
i wish there was less weeb references so this vid would be funny to non weebs too :(
it would be so cool if there was a mod list for this, seems like a pretty cool and weird elden ring run
Mods
Ha yuo get dis mod
3:12 two people in chat thought of the same thing at the same time "2B or not 2B"
man knows ZERO references 🤦🏻‍♂️
gotta love all the one piece mods in this, the anime’s on top fr
is there a way to access the modpack for all of this or is it a secret kept by the gods themselves
Unsubscribed for not knowing Vergil
9:56 It's Ayaka from Genshin Impact, in her Fontaine outfit. (A French country)
Did you know if your hp reachs 0 you die
Did you see the dump truck on Nile? Minecraft
52:00 That is an ippon datara from Shin Megami Tensei. ☕
Does vortex work with elden ring if so how do u install the mods i tried finding a guide cuz I tried but no luck.
And he sacrificed... HIS MENTAL HEALTH
interesting
Loved it but I would be so annoyed if I had to play that one piece mods bc I fuckin hate one piece 😂
the bloodborne UI is so good tho
You need to go back to this and FIND LUFFY!!!
What the dog doin.
unfortunate mispronunciation of vigor at 10:42
Running around as anime girl and getting owned by fire breathing Thomas is just 2012 era Skyrim modding.
" I don't need to see the enemy" We now need an all enemies invisible playthrough.
33:01 "we fumbled the baddie" lmaoooooooooo
The edits between crits are pretty sick
Bloodborne guy is from dark souls 1 so its dark souls 1 guy that bloodborne based its entire game around
Is it just me or does anyone else want to know the name of the gelmir armor mod he used
Incredibly thisappointed that Rick wasnt an actual Rick
This could've been funny, but one piece
Why must there be so many one piece in these mods?
Not the fucking hornyt💀
bro what is Dante doing?
hey aggy it's me from the future did you know you got the rando no hit at 11 Feb?
Believe in Jesus and repent
Bare handed moveset is the Dragon Bone Fist from DKS2
The dmc get up makes dante look AWFUL 🤣🤣 he doesnt look that shitty in the actual game
This what happens when you nonstop play elden ring and start having dreams of elden ring but nothing makes sense in the dream.
Since I was instructed to "get his ass in the comments":  Margit/Morgott - Marine Admiral Kizaru Godrick - Marine Admiral Akainu Renalla - Pirate Warlord Boa Hancock Bloodhound Blade - Yoru, the sword of Pirate Warlord Dracule Mihawk (the world's greatest swordsman) Radahn - Pirate Emperor Kaido Godskin Noble - Pirate Emperor Blackbeard (honestly kinda underselling Blackbeard's strength here) Mohg - Magellan, the warden of the prison Impel Down Fire Giant - Oars, the biggest giant to ever live, specifically his zombie (missed opportunity to not have him open to reveal Moria inside during phase 2) Banished Knight Set - Franky, shipwright of the Strawhat Pirates Godskin Apostle - Pirate Warlord Donquixote Doflamingo Maliketh's Black Blade - Gryphon, the sword of Pirate Emperor Shanks Godfrey - Pirate Emperor Whitebeard Radagon - Gold Roger, King of the Pirates, achieved this and everything else the world had to offer, and his dying words sent countless Tarnished to the Lands Betwe- wait... Elden Beast - Kaido again, but this time in his dragon form  Gotta say, as a One Piece fan, I'm kinda disappointed in this mod. The models are really horrible feeling, watching the One Piece skins warp and fold around the Elden Ring rigs. They didn't even bother doing minor thematic things like altering weapons or spell animations except for Roger (who got his actual sword model) or even changing the names. Like... c'mon. Even the lazy Thomas mod changed the names. The player stuff looked better, like the Franky armor and Mihawk and Shank's swords.  Also, since you asked, the reason Whitebeard doesn't have a beard is that Japanese doesn't have separate words for beard and mustache, just "hige" for "facial hair". Bit of a telephone game of taking the name Blackbeard from English, applying that naming scheme to another character who it does fit in Japanese (but not English), and then translating that back to English
Sorry I skipped your ad. I’m very good at food lol
Shit, anime trash bosses
The blood mod is a reference to zom 100 because they replaced all the blood and gore with colorful spatters in the show
Missed opportunity on Horah Lou being Senator Armstrong considering the Raiden set.
Lilaggys editor actually gigachad for this merging holy crapsticks
Both Lilaggy and yojo are going insane. Please let the DLC release for their sakes.
"You died looking for horse ass" Has to be my favorite comment of all time.
Am I the only one who thinks that enia should have killed you in one punch?
>Has game with 500+ mods >Uses four waepons >Barely explore >Sees about 50 mods at most Guy that modded did a a hard for nothing
One piece is gaf
How do you know its a OnePiece Cahracter ? Right. They look goofy as hell and have extremely weird bodyily proportions. God i hate OnePiece
Fun things to hear in Elden Ring:  "Hello, Master Chief." "Why is there a basketball court?" "They're all Kermit the frog- oh, and that one's Goofy. Of course." "Oh my god, is she just a giant pile of Thomas? Oh my god, she is." "Hello, Balrog." "Get plunged, Magellan!" "Do not look directly into the catbanana void!" "'Change to Gear 5'? Absolutely not! We're 2Batman! With balls!"  Bonuses from chat: "Use haki!" "Yo Magellan! Watch out for this guy's diarrhea" "wwho up ironing they golem"
I never watch eldenbring content but I really like the cut of youe jib guy who sounds like tadting histroy guy plus matpat
the transition to elden ring title screen with bloodbourne as a background was so unexpected i bursted out laughing at 3 am
"physically" 💀
All this mods looks cool... Exept the One Piece one 😂
57:05 what a nice cut
Mans going insane without DLC
20:30 Furry stans fill me in??
Miquella as Shanks was a missed opportunity
Finally released Elden Ring but it's a good game
Imagine if you're going to Malenia, and there is an overpowered LetMeSoloHer standing there instead
look at all those One Piece characters we can kill. the creator of the mod really hates One Piece, huh
Dante and vergil look fine in dmc for some reason ther models translate to other games incredibly poorly
The One Elden Ring to rule them all
The MC, NPCs and mobs all had a lot of variety to them, but the bosses not so much for some reason.
Something with Boa Hancock would have been funnier for Rykard but mostly these were good one piece mods.
If anybody needs further proofs that weebs are humanity plague ... Well here all you need. THIS POOR MAN IS SUFFERING.
Kizaru should’ve been Radagon since he uses light magic. Why Margit?  And why Kaidou for Radahn? Thought for sure it was going to be Blackbeard, since gravity looks kind of like darkness.
did I just get coconut mall'd in 2024
shadowatnoon raided you on twitch and I've loved your content ever since!
What’s name that mod
Sure is great to see your pointless face and chat on the screen, that's exactly what I clicked on this youtube video to see! Sadly I can't mute THAT annoying shit.
did anyone figure out what mod it is for unarmed?
its a shame they used one piece characters instead of actual funny characters, more like the shrek or thomas or the iron golem stuff would be better, instead of characters that like 3 people recognize
Why you sounds like RTB with deeper voice?
Lol the bloodhound had a dog head because bloodhound XD 18:35
The law of equivalent exchange - the mods gave Rennala shoes, but took Ranni's off.  She looks sick in the firekeeper robes though. I'm 90% sure that's what she's wearing.
Honestly, One Piece is mid and the fandom is ultra cringe
Please hook us up with the mod folder 🫱🏽‍🫲🏻
We will spin Yo Shihh
Those cuts during the Sewer Mohg fight were almost good, but I caught it.
So those meals are going to make me feel like a functioning adult? How about actually being a functioning adult instead of just feeling it? Because what I feel and what I am arent the same.
15:08 Nico Robin and Boa Hancock look like the same person and we should say it 😤
Gotta love that the most replayed moments are of booba
Shout out to the editor and the mod installer for all the OP Mods
Here's an idea for a randomizer race: race to kill Soldier of Godrick, except it's enemy randomizer with only bosses (all enemeis replaced by a random boss) and only 1 SoG in the game. Maybe it would take forever, but I'd watch the whole thing.
JUST WATCH ONE PIECE BRO (Im on ep 1092)
your editor is weeb trash. kami bless him.
nice to know Im 2 years late to the game and the dlc still hasnt come out
53:53 From what I recall (and it has been a loooong time since I read this, so I could be misremembering), the reason for Whitebeard not having a proper beard is that the Japanese language doesn't really make a clear distinction between mustaches, beards, and other facial hair. It's all "facial hair" in Japanese, so as long as Whitebeard had white facial hair of some kind then it was entirely fine from their perspective, I guess? It might sound weird, but this is the same language that didn't really distinguish between Blue and Green until recently. Linguistics affects the mind and perception, or something.
Anyone know where the alert sound is from?
44:14 Err excuse me?
Whitebear's skin is just too good
Something about Whitebeard fighting like Hoarah Loux pleases me
if it was installed their is a mod to make the lionel set into sherk
if only he knew how perfect it was killing Magellan with the plunger
really my ex whenever i play skyrim or elden ring she says what the fu- is that and y r u cheating on me then i be like u cheated on me with my twin its fair
i dont usually dig lilaggy content but this was really good
The Loretta saga had me crying laughing
As a modder, I know how hellish it is to compile a modpack like this in any Souls game. That being said though, I'm very disappointed none of the original creators have been credited.  Please at least update the description with a list of mods used and links to their Nexus pages.
They really missed an opportunity to make the godskin duo Waluigi and Wario
I wouldnt be able to resist the codevein character with mommy milkers
To you reading this, Jesus can help with whatever problems and  hardships you have. Believe in him and what he has done on the cross for your salvation. You can not save yourself he came to save us. Turn from your sins repent which is the act of changing your life to follow the way of God and not your way, your way will lead you into a pit to hell I know it, my way had lead me in to a pit going straight hell, but Jesus rescued me and he can rescue you. He can grant peace and joy unfelt, and be your closest friend always there, here's the gospel   Jesus Christ, son of God, sacrificed his life for our sins, was buried, and rose again on the third day. After he went to his tweleve disciples and many others before ascending into heaven eternally triumphant over all his enemies and making it so that there is now no condemnation for sin  to all those who believe in him, but only everlasting joy. John 3:16
so many Trash Piece replacements. makes me lose brain cells just thinking about that horrid anime.
Yes it’s Nuts from Berk made by Kentucky Mario. My favorite part from Berk was when Nuts said it’s berkin time.
Editor finds 500 mods, youtuber plays game, editor edits entire video. Perfectly balanced, as all things should be
where nude mod
Did not rename Elden Remembrance to "The One Piece", 0/10.
Missed opportunity to have Clifford in place of the Red Wolf of Radagon
This is like that meme 😂  kid: Mom can we please get Elden Ring mom: No, we have Elden Ring at home at home:
"Hello Balrog." 😆
too many one piece mods :/
@48:24 That's actually a beautiful scene.. omgggg
I am dissapointed that "The Soldier of God, Rick" is not on his canon lv of power. Replacing him is a sin.
Really missed the opportunity to make Shaggy radagon... that would be sick IMO
bruh horny chat got disappointed when da titties disappeared xd
Next rennala arc summoning Thomas the Doom engine
Aggy I have an idea for a video. What if you do an Elden Ring manhunt? Your goal is to kill the Elden Beast before you die at all. If the "You Died" screen appeared anytime before the "God Slain" screen appears, you lose. Fog gates can be used by anyone. If you beat Rennala's phase 1 hunters will be instantly teleported to the phase 2 arena  as soon as they are in the arena. Any hunter deaths or rests will not respawn enemies, unless if the area is unloaded. Speedrunner rests however, respawn enemies. The hunters will have a compass that tell them your area (but not your location) ex: You are in the Academy of Raya Lucaria. If you trigger a main boss, the hunters will be notified. Hunters can also use lit graces to travel but again, it won't reset enemy placement unless if the area was unloaded. Unlit graces cannot be lit by the hunters. Hunters however, can spawn on the last seen Stake of Marika. Collecting or buying items won't have an effect to other players (except for the fact you have mor items). Also enemies will only target the speedrunner but it can also hurt the hunters if they get hit. One more thing resting maked you invincible until you unrest. Other than that gameplay is normal. This is gonna need a mod. I'm no coder so I don't think I can make this mod. If someone can and Aggy does a manhunt it would be cool
DaD EJijah
EJij ah    Keday gyggSvjmydbJhbjhdscbcHjbcsmabdcddb
plays dark souls and elden ring but never read berserk 😭 Come on, it's the right of passage for Souls Fans.
Modded Elden Ring: Horny weeb + room temp IQ humor edition
Glad im watching on youtube and not in stream, your editor needs more creativity not just anime crap
So your editor loves anime and horse ass
Why is it mostly for weebs where the memes
Disappointed there isnt a legit monk build in elden ring with viable unarmed attacks,  yea ik theres claws and bogart fists but i want diablo monk elemental fist kick type shit, where the physical damage is decent and ok at staggering, its the status effects that would pull the weight
Thought this was a tosted shoes vid till i saw your name 😂
cant wait to finish one piece so i can watch this video
2Batmaruto at the end is craazy
Loved the part Where Berserk Man started berserking all over the place, but before he landed the final berk he said "Guts was just the Berserk we found along the way" Truly a Berserk moment         Lol but nah Guts is the MC of the manga Berserk and is one of the sole inspirations for the Souls games, especially Bloodborne. Also, there is a big ass sword called the Greatsword in the game, and its an easter egg to his signature weapon Dragon Slayer
I love how for margit and godrick the character kinda makes sense, margit has light magic, kizaru has light powers. Godricks hand shoots fire, akainu has lava powers. But boa hancock? She dont know magic, it doesnt even fit well lmao
I'm surprised that this brainmelting atrocity doesn't have the Poorly Translated mod thrown in for maximum chaos.
All these mods, and yet no fog, enemy, item rando inside it...
Horses do actually have that thang clidesdales
Coukd you imagine if this was the game pitching it to the boss when you finished developing it
Please get a better editor. This one really doesn't know what he's doing
Why the actual fuck do so many people talk about the stolen assets cashgrab known as Only up? I really just don't get it. Its a bad game with bad mechanics and stolen assets...
"That is a dragon with a ball on it". Oh sweet innocence, not recognizing a pear of anguish.
COME! OATHSWORN THOMAS!
That 47:00 transition was frame perfect. Kudos to the editor.
Don’t you just love one piece V all of anime
Bro kizaru had me Dead
THE WHITEBEARD MODEL WAS ACTUALLY INCREDIBLE NGL
i've beaten elden ring over 15 times including 4 convergence playthrus, and I was today years old when I learned you can parry the grafted scion
Is there a link for this mod bundle ? Asking for a friend 👉👈
as if the red wolf wasnt clifford
Word of advice in malenias phase transition when she does the scarlet aeonia run forward and she wont hit you at all
He’s back. The no hit randomizer has taken its toll.
atleast the whitebeard was anime marineford WB and not manga marineford WB 😹
Elden Piece looks good
For anyone interested... One piece spoiler: Skip 50:00 - 50:19 if you have no watched Wano arc. Skip 54:13 - 55:35 if you have not watched Marine Fort. Skip 57:17 - 58:54 if you have not watched Wano. The Models do spoil some things in those Arc. The Models used at  other times do not spoil anything but simply use a characters model. If you are not interested in seeing that, i would recommend skipping most boss fights (though they do not spoil anything per se. they just look like characters from the show. the ones mentioned before do spoil some things. Forms from a character for example.)
Im amazed Carian Combo Warriors mod isn't one of the favorite.
Totourial on how to get the mods on elden ring I've been trying for weeks
Kizaru has light powers, Alakainu has fire powers, Magellan has poison powers, but a missed opportunity for commander niall to be aokiji
Makima Malenia looks far better than she has any right to.
Melense got a 5+ professional kill streak in tf2
Physical?
53:02 wait, hold up...  Edit: Nah, nvm, I was thinking of the wrong part. lol
40:30 to 40:35 - This is hands down one of the cleanest transitions I’ve ever seen. I barely noticed wow. Amazing edit!!
46:08 and 46:13 are the cleanest back to back cuts I’ve seen this year
16:56 lol, I was just thinking why the horse caked up?
I was fully prepared for elden beast to be a giant luffy
Missed out big time on making the horn a bubble wand and the envoys Spongebob.
THE ELDEN RING IS REAAAAL
Had to stop watching cus you havent seen One Piece.
Do I hear the horse boss from Sekiro in spanish? Lmao
15:05 - COmpletely respecatble. One Peace is overrated!    Am I in danger?
The middle finger is the best thing ever XD
Would love a modlist on nexus for this it looks so fun
even in a video full of anime women, Raiden still has the best ass
The "b" in 2b stands for Batman. The b in Batman stands for balls.
We need a blooodborne overhaul mod lol
I think Maliketh was the only replacement I liked. I just got kinda tired of yet another One Piece character
why would you stop using your fists with tifa jkndkhnskhnvsdvsd
I would to know the mods used in this
13:05 behold our god and humble creator, the one finger
31:51 I can’t believe we got to see Vergil from the hit series Devil May Cry kill Shrek with a plunger. We truly live in a based timeline.
I basically crashed my game doing mods is there anyone who helps out with this even if you pay them?
Aggy calling dante ugly is hilarious considering he looks like THAT.
furry
Way to ruin the bosses by making it all one piece, very dissapointing
500 mods is wild to me, from what i know about ER modding, The moment you get multiple mods that change the same param data you'll have to manually edit the param data in the regulation bin to get em to work together. Bigger/comprehensive mods can have upwards of a thousand plus edits to param data. Merging multiple movesets and overhaul mods would mean spending hours making thousands of edits in the regulation bin. Thats assuming you even know what to change in the first place cause im my experience, most modders dont include the edits they made to the reg.bin.idk tho maybe theres a tool now or something or maybe bro is just built different.
Thomas detail is good
I had the video on 1.25 speed and didn’t realize for the first half an hour
2:39 thats embarrassing
You should do mods but irl just as you're playing slowly mod yourself and your room and stream put on cat ears weird costumes change the voice pitch stream filter so on
25:34
Most mid cartoon I've seen
can you pass the mod pack?
Actually they made Loretta's horse a shortstack. It has little height and big backside.
Give us more I love your videos
Kizaruuuu 😂
Wish this was made into a modpack so we could experience all of these shenanigans too
Those mods made me hate One Piece
The Malenia fight opening was perfect. I spooked my roommates with how much I was laughing.
Jesus, the amount of swearing is cringeworthy 😬
I think beast clergy man is a big daddy from bioshock, then he transforms into a splicer
How tf does he dodge an invisible boss.... I can't dodge that clean n I can see him😂😂😂
20:27 anyone know what its from?
47:29 Mario? Is that you?
Well, now that you have said you don’t need to see the enemy, I think it’s only fair for an invisible enemy run.
Radagon should have been Shanks they're both missing an arm, it more fitting this way.
I need to know what mods these are so I can play it myself
Did I miss Luigi? When was it?
They need to create a castlevania mod. Carmilla would fit very well in this setting
him calling boa hancock nico robin is wild
bro admiral kizaru is crazy
I want to watch this but I can't mute your voice. Otherwise it could be fun
"Uhh, I think this is Berserk Man" dissin' GUGS's dad like that, smh
You had an energy sword. And you went with a STICK
from now on mihawk's sowrd is the guy's thing
Call of Duty weapons are more balanced than the stomp 💀
what a annoying youtuber bruh
Is no one gonna talk about all the loading screen art? No? Just me?
8:20 Lemme guess, if that’s who that is then is Rykard who I think it is?
Great Video idea but Ur commentary ruined it👍
Iji is a troll, not a giant. But I guess by fromsoft lore they are kind of "close enough"? They're closely related cousins and I think they have similar ancestors or something. Both races are also from the Mountaintops.
When he called DOOM Guy Master Cheif I got a cramp in my leg
At 7:20 bro had the ordinary shield from twilight princess
K i z a r u
Is this modpack available to install somewhere?
hey @LilAggy can you pls do a elden ring video where your a boxer and have a mod installed to make your punches look viable   Rules: -No weapons -No rolling only backdashing (because its a thing that resembles dodgeing) -No fist weapons -only fists (download a mod where you can upgrade or make your fists actually do damage)
I kinda was hoping to see what was done with Placidusax
Does your editor like One Piece by any chance?
the song or music with the elden beast? shazam could not find it 🌝
My guy gave elden ring the skyrim/gta sa treatment.
17:02 Loretta's horse's fat ass is actually normal. I know this because I lost my first three fights trying to take a screenshot of the FAT HORSE ASS so that my friend would believe me.
42:57 Did you know that mare's private parts adjust to the size of your caliber so you don't have to be as massive as an actual horse? And that mares in heat will be really gentle around male humans, asking them to help with their condition?
Ah yes… 500 one piece mods
Kaido was appropriate
Wouldve loved to see some other bosses like Astel
Gay 100%
Find a real job Bro
44:10 take that shit back right now dante still looks great even past his prime his face model is literally a chad
One piece is gay!
WE NEED THE DLC FOLDER!!!
merging this thing together must be one hell of a job
Sad that the Fire Giant wasn't replaced with Darkside from Kingdom Hearts.
The start already got me laughing
48:08 it's hornets needle
7:28 "Roses are red , your city is gone.            I am Thomas , the thermonuclear             bomb"
There should be a sister friede fire giant mod so she can step on us
Maliketh kinda looks like Berserk Griffith during the blood moon
Believe it or not, the invisible Godfrey is also a one-piece character
MASTER CHIEF???!!!!!!!!! MISTER AGGYYYYYY that is doomslayer
53:55 I will never understand this aboth english speakers because it actually comes up a lot as a joke regarding Whitebeard. A MUSTACHE IS A BEARD DUDE! Beard is the umbrella term for your facial hair. Mustache is a specific term for the beard growing on your upper lip. So he DOES have a beard, but for some reason english speakers refuse to accept that a mustache is a beard.
I was hoping for elden beast to be Thomas tank engine, but ok
Where can I find the whole video???? 😳
Guardian swordspear is valstrax longsword from mondter hunter omg i fuckin love it
Elden Ring but all the enemies are invisible.
To sum up this video "Its a one piece character"
DMC5 characters are just old + it has been improving the graphics over time so now it looks more like actual people. I quite like the DMC5 character designs.
BRO IT'S THE DOOM SLAYER! IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE MASTER CHIEF! GREEN ARMOR DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING! That'd be like if I called kermit shrek or wice versa.
Gandalf really hit em with the "You shall not pass" at 42:20 😂😂😂😂
Best video I've watched this year.  This man is insane
Maliketh is the Giraffe guy from sekiro
YOJO IS YOUR EDITOR???? Duuuuude I used to chill in his streams all the time I gotta hang out again soon.
For how janky the rest of the one piece bosses look and attack  Kaido And Whitebeard both looked amazing because the models were to perportion and radahn and Godfreys attacks almost match ones they would preform
I was really hoping elden beast to be radiance, it would have been kinda cool
Do One Piece characters always look like Lego Duplo or is it just this mod?
this is how the dlc should look like
0:20 he must be well paid
You unironically should play code vein it's good
the plunger holy cause it works miracles on clogged toilets
why is one piece so fucking ugly and garbage
9:27 a DOA character dressed as Samus
Wow this new game palworld looks crazy
OH MY GAWD, I made that skateboard-shields mod and didn't think I would ever see someone using it, thanks a lot, It made my week!
You not winning soulslike streamer is such a scam
it took me 30 min to realize that I think the giant hands are supposed to be  Kenneth the blob monster from the amazing world of gumball.
All bosses are one piece is kinda disappointing (except whitebeard), seems like a missed opportunity
THE ELDEN RING IS REAL
I dont know why , but I cant shake the feeling that Elden ring fans might like animes...
Oh hey, 2B killed god, finally
Bosses being one piece characters was kinda lame, dammit weebs
one piece is shit
The Berserker Armor helmet kinda goes hard with Artorias's armor
The anime shit is so cringe
Bro WHY is the transition at 47:00 so SLICK though?
This was amazing had so much fun
offensive not to use the naruto skin to beat all the one piece bosses
Letting an anime fan choose the mods was a bad idea. So many missed opportunities.
one piece characters got old so quick
I don't wanna be that guy, especially since there's so many mods, but can we please have a mod list
The editing on this is so on point - incredible
Man, this was a weird One Piece filler episode
Man pissed every single community in this one video XD
your editor seems like a full degen weeb lmao and i am here for it
I think akainu was a great fit for godrick
This is so ridiculous it actually made me laugh out loud.
Man, i have no idea about one piece so this got stale extremely quick
51:20 He's Griffith, from Berserk. He got like, tortured and shit for ages, and when they first recovered him, that's what he looked like. Total fucking lunatic. It's what he looked like on the Eclipse for the sacrifice of the Band of the Hawk.
NGL, the best part of this video is just the editor being like 'Get him in the comments, he's not weeb enough, he doesn't get the references!" LOL
2batman with balls is the ultimate elden lord.
With this modpack, Blackbeard finally acquires the powers of the fat-fuck fruit
How could you, Bushy? I mean Aggy.
missed opportunity to have radagon be usopp
that cut at 46:59 was just perfect, mad props to the editor
I wish we could've seen more cool or funny bosses like the maliketh one instead of just a model swap of one piece character
Petition for Mohg skin to be edp
Torrents whistle was changed the the Maduras Whistle icon from Bloodborne. Haven't finishing watching not sure if you noticed this as well.
Fun fact: the godfrey being invisible isn't a mod on its own. It's a glitch from the mod that makes horah loux into whitebeard
Aggy your are so bad with scarlet aeonia.   You run arround her and strife it. Right next to her, bellow her. Not dodge away.
The editing in this video is incredible
"Wtf? Its Groot!" *Proceeds to beat baby groot to death with a plunger.* 31:37
Was expecting the Morgott version of Kizaru to have his Afro, very disappointed.
the rainbow blood is the funniest thing to me i dont know why
bro becomes gordon ramsay with hellofresh in his house just from its presence
57:05 damn that transition is fucking fire
do challenges in Dark Souls 3 aggy!!!!
That Kizaru model was terrifying.
im gonna need a modpack
300 mods and not one of them removed the prompt to summon steed at the cost of a flask, smh
It’s a shame every one was form one piece, made the whole thing less enjoyable
No way he didnt check out the only up section
to list off the one piece replacements: -Soldiers of Godrick are Marines -Margit/Morgott is Admiral Kizaru -Godrick is Admiral Akainu -Rennala is Boa Hancock -Bloodhound Fang is Dracule Mihawk's sword -Radahn is Kaidou -Godskin Noble is "Blackbeard" Marshall D. Teach -Mohg is Warden Magellan -Fire Giant is Oars -Banished Knight set is Franky -Godskin Apostle is Donquixote Doflamingo -Maliketh's Black Blade is possibly Gol D. Roger's sword -Godfrey is Whitebeard -Radagon is Gol D. Roger -Elden Beast is Kaidou's Seiryuu Beast form(some one piece characters have eaten a thing called a devil fruit, which give them access to a specific power, in Kaidou's case it's the ability to turn into a Seiryuu/Azure Dragon)
link for these mods?
ofcourse Horselover wants a giant horse ass mod......
Boa handcack😭😭😭😭😭
I very much did not expect a Code Vein reference
40:30 these edits are always so satisfying
This was the weirdest episode of One Piece I've ever seen.
I love the fact that Aggy used a plunger to kill the guy with constant diarrhea in the show
Whats the 31:20 mod?
one hour of pure entertainment 🙏🏼😂
The absolute audacity of the one piece mods to take the strongest marine in history with arguably the highest AP in the show and turn him into godrick the grafted
It is currently 12:43am and my house mate (methhead btw) is roaming around in the backyard causing a ruckus and is talking to himself telling himself how good the meth is
The horses ass and the poros were definitely my favourite
Thank god dlc is only next month...  ...Right?
Actual makima beeing a bowl of ramen Aggy: "she has seen better days"
Bro the editing 🤣🤣
missed opportunity to make the rune of death actuall grass so aggy could finally touch some grass
What I've learned from this is one piece has some of the worst character designs I've ever seen.
"this horse is CLAPPIN"
Also Lilaggy just finding out Iji is a troll.   ....Bruh
I dont see the 500+ mods. at nost 100 not even alll bosses where moded
Man, rip all the bosses just being one piece...
LilAggy has the prettiest face I've ever seen in streaming
How much savespace did this take? Seriously I'm curious. This sounds like you needed to get a new 2 terrabyte SSD or something for it depending on how much the mods add.
This was such a cool idea until every boss turn out to be a one piece character x_x
Disappointed tat there wasn't a single Hatsune Miku in all this mod gallore. Has the internet grown so old now that the "putting Miku in every game" mods do no longer exist? x)
"You have no idea how many nsfw mods I had to sift through" editor is a man of culture I see
Is that the ordon shield from twilight princess??
that transition at 40:32 is cleannnnn 👀
"I've gotta play Code Vein" Yeah, you do. And not just for all that anime tiddy. E: Not knowing what OP character someone is is a good thing. E2: The Ranni loading screens are great.
Editor deserves a serious round of applause for all the work done!
We're all know which mod you liked the most,  horselover1862
54:58 That's the cleanest transition I've ever seen
there is something magical about Thomas the Tank Engine divebombing a bunch of Worshippers and then strafing you with fire
I’ve not laughed like this in a while thank you aggy and editors.
You let your editor download 500 mods? He deserves a raise and a bonus.
Gotta love that whoever modeled that nightmare fuel over Maliketh got all of the limbs perfectly aligned with the model's movements, but every single one of the One Piece models were broken and janky af lmao
Master Chief? Master Chief! That was Doomguy! Aggy I love the channel and your content but that's just disappointing.
Need more mods
this is what no DLC announcement does to a mf
more like 'elden ring but every boss is a One Piece character'
The hell aggy? I was promised luigi in this vid. Where is luigi? WHERE IS HE?
Better Nier autumata mod
shoutout to the guy at 44:03 who also thought that the glaive was from terraria. i have no idea what it's actually from, but im glad someone else thought the same thing i did
Hey yojo could we get a full mod list used in this video?
shoutout to the editor. fuckin legend
The editor was against him😂😭
This was hilarious. I just wish the main bosses weren’t one piece characters, Malenia being Makima was so funny and when I think other rememberances being like that it gets sad
Is this Pies of Lee?
Least modded average Skyrim play through.
Berserk Man.......the disrespect
I created the Maliketh replacer, was quite fun seeing how no one could pin-point what the model was exactly. In case anyone's interested it's a kitbash (a frankenstein of models) made out of a DS3 Giant, BB Undead Giant, Cainhurst Helm, Harrowed Hood, Gascoigne Gloves, Omen Armor, Research Hall Patient, Large Hunstman and the bulging eye is from an Amygdala.
Aggy please GOD give us some way to be able to play this its like a whole new game
Since I haven't watched any One Piece, I refuse to believe that Morgott isn't Gustavo Fring.
You kinda sound like Doug Walker
Elden Ring: One Piece Edition
Isn’t Gurranq supposed to be just Gurranq without his cloak?
Okay I loved this video and 90% how it's edited but idk if it's cause I'm sick rn but some of the cuts in fights were really jarring. Other than that one of my favorite videos ❤
Man that one piece joke got old so fast was there really no other boss mods in all 3000 of them
I thank the lord everyday for not making me a One Piece fan.
Rennala summoning Thomas officially got me
great concept. got bored since i don't watch or care about one piece. imo would have been far more interesting if most of the bosses were not one piece characters, but just other random funny things. also i assume the one piece bosses was one single modpack, which means that i feel there was probably a lot of unexplored content in side areas. overall, good idea, 6/10 niche execution. revisit potential is strong with this one.
They did Hancock dirty💀
PC version of any game > SP XSS NS or any other version
ok, am i going crazy, or was the chanting in the background music during the Radagon fight saying "ONE PIECE!"
glad to see someone else finally commenting on Loretta’s horse
One Piece…yeah, One Piece of Shit.
20:30 Bad Dragon, maybe?
why is it all anime...
IM IN THIS video LILAGGYS EDITOR KNOWS ME
31:35 will be funny forever
WOOOOOOO
Bro those one piece models are pure nightmare fuel
I feel like the One Piece stuff gets a little old when the streamer doesn't really know who any of the characters are, hahah.
There wasn't a vergil interrupt transition at 31:27, I'm disappointed
Good job aggy
Stomp only run ???
500 mods and you're telling me the summons weren't changed? or did he just decide not to use summons?
Great video.
Basically japanese only has a word for facial hair in general not specifically beard and moustache so it makes sense in japanese, to keep blackbeard and whitebeard a pair they called him whitebeard since blackbeard is a reference
Shout out to the editor Josh.
Holy shit, the Poros from league of legends is my mod, I made it (poorly) myself. Can't believe it's on Aggy's video 13:24
Your new game after going for the lord of frenzied flame ending
Your editor loves One Piece a bit too much, maybe next time ask someone with a humor more varied
I can forgive all the One Piece and Devil May Cry slander, but calling Chester "Bloodborne guy" was deeply upsetting. Might as well call every character from Dishonored or Assassin Creed Syndicate "Bloodborne Guy" too.
This stream was madness😂
I wish someone made a Margit is Kuze mod.
500 mods? Nah, it seemed like these were mostly a one piece boss replacements, which is outright lame. They could ve placed at least a senator Armstrong as a Hoarah Loux for a change, i dunno...
Honestly, I think it would have been more interesting if there were a larger variety of reskinned bosses, not just one piece.
So sad there wasn’t a lufy
I thought it was Nico Robin too.
so unless you have seen one piece, the whole run will be completely irrelevant to you. brought me no joy
I honestly thought Elden beast was gonna be the one piece boat
Somehow the modders managed to make Malenia LESS horny.
The four horsemen of video game modding: Shrek, Thomas, 2B and apparently the entire cast of One Piece.
5:06 was expecting Rick from Rick and morty. Was disappointed
Why diden't you do the only up section?
So I finally got around to actually playing Elden Ring, and dear lord is the Bloodhound Blade amazing. Took me a  bit of messing around to find a sword I liked, and I thought it was the Claymore till I found that thing.  Just so good.
One Piece was a mistake.
theyre impossible to fight you cant tell what theyre doing, uh thats vanilla ER too though alot of the bosses are so big they cover the whole screen so i can never tell what they are doing anyway
There are so many anime references you can make. So many movies and shows and cartoons... and this mf replaced all the bosses with One Piece characters. I respect it as much as I loathe it.
Nobody gonna point out that Darth Vader has the Shield of Ysgramor from Skyrim in the beginning?
Love how malenia ended up being pretty easy but she still managed to make the rest of the run hell because of her armor's wings being gigantic and covering half of the screen
ok but why was i laughing the whole video LOL
so much meme potent for the bosses and of course it had to be all one piece. disappointed
You silence yourself about our Dad Dante.
Oh dear god. As a dev on Convergence, I cannot imagine the mess of setting this all up was.
I'm pretty sure Maliketh was long arm centipede giraffe
i swear there was slime last time
500 favorites mods like he has more💀
Something about kizarus movement was… wrong
Idk but i think your editor might like one piece
I see nexus mods and I’m scared.
The doom playing anime furries gonna have it with this one
Radahn should’ve been fujitora for obvious reasons. Amazing video tho
yes
I was really hoping Rick would turn into the one from Rick and Morty
IIRC, Whitebeard in One Piece doesn't have a beard because the japanese term for beard is same as mustache
The Jump Force game we deserved.
Ya'll really gonna do this video and then not compile all 500 mods into a modpack for us to use? Shaking my damn knees gamer
Nice to see my Luigi mod in the thumbnail lmao
The One Piece Mod(s) were definitely my favourite. As soon as I saw Kizaru as Margit I was sold.
the 3 month long wait for a video was so painful
i'm convinced miyazaki waits as long as possible to drop the DLC because he like watching these insane challenge and mod videos
the anime stuff was cringe af
Aha, the infamous the one finger. For those cheap bastards who pirated the game
“Raiden from MGS-R beats Whitebeard from One Piece to death with a toilet plunger that shoots piss bubbles” is the least Elden Ring sentence i’ve ever heard in my life, yet here we are
Imagine you have the opportunity to install any mod for Elden Ring you want, and out of all the bosses there, you turn every single one of them into One Piece. So much lost potential for content
My computer could never 😂
Can't watch the video cause I am watching one piece right now...
This man has no culture. Shame.
Radahn should have been big mom or that gravity admiral from one piece
39:09 SUUUPERRRR
2B batman with balls. the dream
Hella unfortunate it just devolved into one piece.
I was there for this stream :)
So are we done with the impossible / insanely frustrating "no hit, random mods" challenge then?
So much One Piece as bosses was lame af, but otherwise super fun video!
U finally uploaded
Nice video as always and cool idea, cheers from Germany
Unarmed 2B reminds me of the old Bungie's game *Oni*  I should make a Konoko mod...
Maybe have someone with a sense of humor beyond just one specific anime that no one has time to watch pick the mods next time
can we get the pack of mods too ? please
This is beautiful.
Ok Blackbeard and Doflamingo as the godskin duo is way too sick
Is there any chance all these mods are accessible in a pack so we can try them for ourselves? Like, if I wanted to recreate the run or whatever
Í think maliketh could be chained up griffith
The one piece mod is so unbelievably cursed
the climb has spread from skumnut
sure were a lot of fun haters in the chat that day
Great video, however I'm looking forward to that Elden Ring, Only Up challenge
Your editor is cringe
Can't believe they cut out the part where Dante had titties
I fell asleep while watching this (I was tired I rewatched the video) and woke up to One Punch Man. Funniest thing I’ve ever seen.
Stop calling doom guy master chief bro
Maliketh was isaac from dead space im pretty sure
50:03 i dont think anything in a video has given me vertigo before, but holy shit that did
Lore accurate One Piece bosses 😂
This is the true randomizer lets play
47:47 dinner time
44:23 aging, aggy. Aging
Can someone do god work and find every single mod he use in this video
Aggy the Blackflame Monk set makes you Diaochan from Dynasty Warriors
41:10 :(
11:43 my tea dragon
from now on, if people tell me that elden ring doesn't have the moddability of skyrim and is thus worse (yes i have actually heard that), i'll send them this video
Bro called him Berserk Man 😭
The skybox for the elden beast fight is horrific
Is there a way we can get the modlist for this, this seems like the ideal way to play the game
haven’t watched ina while. lookin real handsome wit the beard and long hair aggy.
Every enemy having the golden eye rune drop buff is so cracked lmao
Aggy: "How many One Piece mods can possibly exist"... Modders: "YES"
Radahn as Kaido is so good
One piece count Godrick soldiers: normal marines Margit/Morgott: Kizaru Godrick: Akainu Some class, i don't remember which: Zoro Rennala: Boa At 16:11 someone mentioned seeing Moria, not sure who he replaced BHF: Mihawk sword, i don't remember. Yoru i think? Radhan: Kaido (should've been fujitora) Godskin Noble: Off-Screen Killer Godskin Apostle: Doffy Goldfrey: Absalom, probably Sewer Mohg: Magellan Fire Giant: Oars, actually checks out Black Blade: Looks like Ace, Roger's Sword Banished Knight Set: Pre timeskip Franky Godfrey: Whitebeard, makes sense. PHASE 2 IS NEARLY DEAD Radagon: Gol D. Roger, using his sword like a hammer Elden Beast: Dragon Kaido
Aggy, is there a vod of your very first Elden Ring playthrough online somewhere?
Please, have Radhan be some glitchy ass Fujitora model
This truly is the one piece mod. And they even got them matched up. Although maybe radagon is a better fit for Kizaru, but Morgott works too
His editor is getting his revenge for having to install 500 mods by sicking the anime and furry stans xD
FromSoft needs to aquire the rights to hundreds of different properties and mix them all into one game.
500 mods and not a single amongus one is crazy
23:25 The fact that Aggy’s second steam account from all achievements refund speedrun series was called HorseLover makes me concerned now
No one ever remembers placidusax 😢
Are the Giant Hand enemies Alexander Graham Bell from the SpongeBob movie?
He knows a lot about league of legends...
I love The Elden Piece DLC, featuring Thomas, Batman and many other crossovers!
The torrent jar mod is undoubtedly the best one on the
Man that HelloFresh code really just rolls off the tongue
Gonna be honest *every* boss being a One Piece character got boring after awhile
I love this videos idea, but i fucking hate the fact that theres so much one peice shit. I just dont get the point
The dragon girl he saw in Volcano manor was agape. Not a furry I just know cause reasons…
so many of these mods are cringey and retarded and it makes the video so much better ie cheesy unarmed mods/random female character mods/mods that change good movesets to ugly weird ones
The one piece is real
guess we can tell the editor's favorite anime is
Kinda disapointed your editor didnt sneak an NSFW mod there
By the end of this video. The editor is gonna send every stan against Aggy XD
Bro beat one piece
Truly one of the Elden Ring streams of all time. That only up mod...
not bro calling Boa Hancock Nico Robin
LMAO "FINALLY SILKSONG"
Honestly one piece overrated just a little bit
What no DLC does to a mf.
Polygonal Squidward is my new band name, thanks Aggy!
He might off himself if the dlc doesn't come soon😭
This most impressive thing about this is that the game somehow functioned with that horrendous mess
honestly, too much one piece. most of it went over my head and i think it lost a lot of potential for funny characters that werent random anime
No one gonna talk about that hello fresh deal?
Lilaggy is your mom 😎✌️👍🙌🙏✋💀😭☠️🥶🍋😱🎉😏🤩😮
the one piece garbage got boring quick even he felt like that
this was hilarious
Is that Diao Chan from dynasty warriors ?
fort night
This mod is insane , look at this pot torrent , I love it
Love the vid, but wtf was that promo code for Hello Fresh lmao
Somehow this modded version is a fever dream xD
Aggy: "I let my editor choose 500 mods" Editor: *replaces bosses with One Piece characters* Aggy: "I regret my decision"  Also Sewer Mogh should've been Hannyabal
It would be awesome if you could make a modpack of this so that we can also enjoy this funny chaos!
these one piece characters had me crying 🤣
props to your cpu for handling all these things without a single problem
Brother does not know who Guts is
wait, this modpack looks sick tho anyone got a link?
YES, another Aggy video! Man, I'm hyped every time I see an upload or your stream going live! :D Keep doing the good work!
So is lorettas horse a** vanille or not?
The whiteboard model was clean
They even put the dragon chime from ds2 in
Kizaru the fell admiral
When you don't like One Piece, but most of the bosses were One Piece characters : 😑
He’s back😧
21:15 Okay, the chatter who said “just keep him on screen and you’ll be fine” for the Blackbeard fight is a genius
I'm gonna take a wild guess and say your editor likes one piece
This is gonna be a fun vid
It's Groot! *Bonk Bonk Bonk*
“Berserk Man” 😂
Now do a elden ring but i have no enemies
The no hit randomizer is breaking this man.
Good ol Tomas the Terror engine.
18:55 mihawk's yoru
What is up with all the one piece mods lol
Aggy can be forgiven for getting boa confused with Robin considering every woman in one piece who is skinny has the exact same face.
I was a tarnished like you once , Then i took a glintstone shard to the knee.
It's amazing how robust FromSoft's engine is, that all of these mods can function together and not look half bad.
Now play Code Vein, you know you want to
You always skip placidusax 😢
I don't think Dante and Vergil in DMC5 are actually supposed to look that old, it's just an unintentional effect of the look they were going for. DMC5 is so desaturated that their hair's grey instead of white, so it make them look old, even though their face models aren't anywhere near that old.
There is literally a Vice Admiral who has the power to control Gravity in One Piece, and they make Radahn, the  progenetor of gravity sorcery fucking Kaido?
WHAT in the world is that hello fresh code
great idea, great execution
Some 10/10 troll mods in there. Though the Elden Beast skybox should have been End of Eva final shot, that would have been FAR funnier.
I was told to get aggys ass in the comments. Where is it? This is false advertising I have not received his ass and I want a refund.
Discount DOOMGUY is Master Chief
Aggy can you help me I have a problem: My balls are a LILSAGGY
48:13 is just about the most "when you unlock the boss as a playable character" thing I've ever seen.
Elden ring but it’s the average fortnite lobby
31:35 has got to be the funniest Aggy moment I've ever seen. So ruthless and unexpected.
31:07   JOURNEY BEFORE DESTINATION RRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAH  Stormlight reference!!!!!
Too much weeb shit cmon now
Elden Ring: Oops! All One Piece™ edition
Bro PC players are so lucky 😭😭😭😭
Aggy's got some homework now. He's gotta catch up on all of One Piece. Better get started...
I love that every loading screen is about Ranni 😃
anime is gay
THE ELDEN RING!!!!!! THE ELDEN RING IS REAL!!!!!!!
The pot-torrent was funny until I saw the weird claw feet and then it was so upsetting 😂
These mods where lame the one piece shit gets old
Babe wake up new lil aggy drop
WERE SO BACK
God this was such a trip, I was laughing constantly
Bro installed enough mods to turn my PC into a nuke
where can i get the full modpack?i need it
"I'm a lot better at going down than I am at going up" I'm sure you are, Aggy. I'm sure you are.
I want Alexander horse..RIGHT NOW!!!! :D
Hilarious idea! The 40 hours of prep totally worth it
Maybe the real Elden Ring was the One Piece we made along the way
BALLS
Elden Ring: Skyrim edition
We need the modlist chief
the guts disrespect got me sad
8:08 yeah you’re Artorias wearing his inspiration’s helmet (Guts from Berserk).
NEW AGGY VIDEO LESGOOO
The one piece mods should not exist, terrible
agyyyy!!!!!!!!!
Hello Fresh did you dirty.
I always skip ads when youtubers put them into their videos but Aggy always makes them entertaining :)
Aggy feels so naked without his “Hits taken” text underneath him
finaly new aggy video
JUST GIVE HIM THE DLC, THIS MAN IS GOING INSANE  edit: the trailer's fucking here
The return of Aggy YouTube content, it's a good day
2:06 Yo, Bloodborne port to PC confirmed???
TIL Yojo is your editor
Can’t believe no Naked Ranni mod. For shame.
Babe wake up lilaggy dropped another elden ring video
Elden Ring but Aggy likes my comment because the younger me watched his Sekiro videos instead of sleeping
Looking forward to Elden Ring but with a dex build in June
We're so back
might as well mod in the dlc at this point
this is definitely in my top 3 January 2024 lil aggy videos
500 mods rip pc 💀
I watched the live runs of this and it was absolutely hilarious :'D
Never would I expect to see Tifa from FF riding atop a pot with legs firing Harry Potter spells at a flying fire breathing Thomas the Tank Engine, who woulda thunk
Bro the Code Vein whiplash, I miss that game so much
Totally watched the whole thing 👍
15th comment lol
This guy is still alive? wow
THANKS HELLOFRESH FOR THE SPONSOR  GET YOUR 16 FREE MEALS PLUS FREE BREAKFAST FOR LIFE HERE: https://sdqk.me/pSmg4h8d/IOrh6nbp
This is Elden Ring as Miyazaki intended
AGGY VIDEO LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1 minute ago
Weee it’s out folks
Dropping a vid same time as Gino is criminal lmaooo
eating dirt
Elden Ring but my parents love me
early
early börd
