Appreciate your feedback as always, and here’s a link to the course https://www.blacktailstudio.com/the-epoxy-workshop
Toda mi vida he usado mezclilla y se me hace la mesa perfecta, muchas felicidades por tu canal, es increible, me considero un nuevo fan.!!! Saludos desde México. 🇲🇽
This is such a beautiful piece. I really enjoy your work and I find your voiceovers so entertaining and even downright hilarious at times! 👍🏾👏🏾
People who point out stupidly are people who dont do anything. . Idiots among us are anoing but fun to make fun of. 🙃
https://youtu.be/LU0NQP7Yi30?si=Kt851EFKOt2mOdcY
❤❤❤❤ holy shit amazing  beautiful  really  awesome 😊😊😊
I don’t know what’s hard to understand about the fuzzy nature of the table as you begin enacting abrasive forces whether it’s cutting it or putting it through a sanding machine. If you pour honey on carpet and let it sit there it will be crispy, as you begin to work it even without soap or water it begins to fray itself from the brick it hardened in. It’s the same concept. Really not that difficult to understand that you are not changing the molecular level of denim you are just masking it and suppressing it. End of the day it is still jeans and still fuzzy just locked into a hardening agent.
Therapiet: Jable isnt real, it cant hurt you! Jable:
19:35 "what the f*** did he do now"
At least for me it looks amazing.
Denim!!! I absolutely loved the look of this table. It is mind-blowing to see denim turned into a functioning piece of furniture! I look forward to seeing more like this!!!
Process improved!! Awesome work! thanks for the video! 😁
Called a personal opinion? Saying stupid shit like those who point this out we hope bad things happen to you, is like saying we hope you run your hand through the bandsaw and lose your fingers? Lost a viewer over that statement🤡
Levi 501 button fly 🎉 love the denim look 😍
❤
haha, guy roasted the know-it-alls while building an amazing table xD godmode!
Изделия выглядят потрясающе, но такие работы, учитывая количество материала и объем работы, просто баснословно дорогие и рабочему классу не по карману. А если будете продавать по доступной цене, сами ничего не заработаете❗️
Great desk for an art school!
It looks like Agate
Супер!  💯Джинс💯
Джинсы
Hi! Your question in  the Denim video as to why it feels kind of fuzzy when sanding or cutting is that you are essentially dealing with fabric which is made up of threads that are interwoven.  Whenever fabric is cut, depending on the fabric, each cut leaves a raw edge to the fabric threads. When you sand  the fabric, you are actaully "cutting" the fabric leaving many small edges. by using the expoy on top of the fuzzy threads, you are keeping the individual strands of thread grouped. In the old days, women would add wax to the end of thread when hand sewing to keep the indivial thread strands grouped together so that they could thread it through the eye of the needle. Hope that explaination helps. Great video!
Denim is cool.  I do wonder about mixing in different fabrics, carbon fiber, etc.  mostly for the color effects like you see in skateboards. Might get more psychedelic, which someone will like.
Omg that comment you screenshot! Oh well, I guess every comment is engagement.
I love the combination of "well I wouldn't want it in my home" and "but it's an awesome piece of ingenuity in design." I don't want to copy it, but this is the sort of content that leads to me being awake at 2am with an idea for something that I do want in my home one day, and I enjoy that a lot more than seeing something and just wishing I could copy that. Also, yeah, this is going to be strong. It's a fibre reinforced composite, like fibreglass but with cotton instead of glass fibre. If it doesn't have anything nasty happen to it, it's still going to be a solid tabletop in a thousand years' time.
Отличная работа! Только ножки стола совсем не подходят к этому искусству
It would look good with black legs, then it would look like a gaming desk
I just discovered your channel, and wow—I’m hooked! I’m a nurse, not a woodworker, but your videos are so entertaining and relaxing. You and Scott crack me up every time. I’ve binged my way through the whole channel, and now I’m left jumping around like “where’s the next one?!” Looks like I’ll have to wait a month for my next fix. 😅
I like the map idea someone commented about. You could cut your plywood into the shapes of each continent, place them accordingly, a flat earth if you will.  Would make a sharp wall hanger.
I find it crazy this hasn't been sold. It looks so good. I mean I can't afford it, but if I could I would.
2:00 : I have great respect for you and thank you for your opinion. Indeed, I would not like to cause any negative emotions in anyone. I have thought deeply about your words and have decided to never point out any mistakes to anyone (no matter what the consequences) or give unsolicited advice. Moreover, having thought even more deeply about your words, I have decided not to give advice to anyone, even if they explicitly ask for advice.
Is the invisible oil not linked for a reason? or am i just blind?
This table is very beautiful! I didn’t know that it is possible!))😊
The pattern reminds me of a lava lamp!
It's alive! You need to STOP the Taking thous critics seriously!!! Who gives a shit what they say! Their just trying to crawl under your skin! I know you well enough to think you don't trust yourself. But you try until your satisfied! Live and learn, my Dad would say! YOU KEEP on TRYING til you and Scott are content
Oh come on Cam! Are you really that insecure? Who give a shit about layering denim, or sheet rock,drywall, cement board, ect! Call it what you 6. Don't dwell or point out the others that are trying to "correct" you! Tomatoes tomauto!
Johnny Sins does it again !
I love it! I've always been a fan of Mikarta type epoxy material and have felt that far too often they are limited to smaller objet like knife handle. It cool to see someone doing this in a full sheet scale. And I think the options are limitless!
Denim, love it!
I am from India (rajasthan)  I like your work  Because you do work perfectly
denim *_*
love it
Джинсы!!!!  Очень круто!!!
Jeans... We need more jeans❤
Super bro iam leaving in India my work iam a furnicher carpenter .but your work superb bro good
Perfect size for a computer desk..... IF I had an extra $15k laying around...   It would cost more than my setup, but if was mine, nobody would need to know.. It's different, but I like it ...
Depois daquela mesa, o cara viciou no jeans
How can i watch this video audio in English, not in Russian?
Denim definitely!  That table is beautiful!
Beautiful and imaginative. Makes your work very special. I think I've watched 90% of all your videos. I'm looking forward to  more. Your videos are so relaxing to watch. Thanks Cam!!
impressive 😍😍😍😍
Denim
DENIM PLZ  LOVE THE LOOK
👌👌👌♥️♥️💪👍
Love the table, but here are a few ideas if you should ever try it again.  I am a quilter, so I work with cloth a lot.  After cutting the fabric, use a zigzag stitch or pinking shears on the edge.  Then wash the fabric, as it will remove the sizing, making the fabric a little softer, so you can squeeze the acrylic out of the material.  The acrylic will, of course, make it firmer again, but hopefully your shop floor will not be covered.  Then you can continue as you usually would.  I am sure you will find this much more enjoyable.  Still, I loved it, and I watched the whole thing with my puppy.
je vous suis depuis que j'ai découvert vos vidéos. Depuis je me suis lancé pour réaliser un cadeau de mariage une horloge en bopis d'olivier et epoxy transparente. les mariés ont été heureux du cadeau. j'apprends pas mal de chose grâce à vos videos, merci
QST: If I make a software that lets you see exactly those patterns before you even make the table in real life, in any material or color you want, and that also suggests different wood shapes and gives you the final picture (i.e., render), how many people would subscribe to it If I give it for 12 USD per month ? And do you think this would help me pay my rent? Depending on how many likes this comment gets I will actually make it happen.
Your vacuum system is the same way wind turbines are repaired
more now please that was so damn cool!
that thing is CRAZY . . . . LOVED IT
love your way, I am going to engineer a better approach and send you what results
fuzzy because of the rayon content in the demin
Você é maravilhoso  Ninguém arruma pedra em árvore que não dá fruta então parabéns ❤
Denim Damascus. You can definitely get creative with the patterns. Replicating traditional Damascus patterns is fairly obvious. Probably using forms that taper from end to end, not just rounded edges, to get a little more control. But there’s so many more pattern options you could almost certainly do letters or simple logos. You can literally put anything under there that fits, like a section of chain link fence. But something that might be really cool is trying to replicate the classic denim wear patterns in the table.
Beautiful
good distinction. you're not a how to channel. i probably wont ever build a epoxy table. but really enjoy the videos for just entertainment purposes. you make some cool shit
Your humor is enjoyable! Beautiful table! Lots of work, however, you're an artist and your passion for your creation makes it all worth it! 😀
Hey Cam, fellow Oregonian here. I'm building a custom logo for our office remodel out of a 1/4" thick, 30" wide sheet of aluminum & want to give it a uniform brushed look. I've seen you use Creative Woodworking NW's drum sander enough times that I reached out to them to see if they would be willing to run this sheet of aluminum through, but unfortunately they said We don’t want metal shavings in our briquette machine. I was thinking the light aluminum should easily be handled with their dust extraction, but ok. Do you, or any of your local viewers know of anyone else in the metro area that might have a 30"+ wide drum sander that would let me run this through?
Looks good but with the base it looks like a massage table
I wanna see a small test piece of this bulletproof tested
Denim
Denim! I wonder how making a vertical cast of layered jeans (metal bits removed) with full denim sheets rolled and layered around them to simulate wood knots and grain, and then cutting slices across the legs of the jeans like bread, would look like for a matching set of something...
Gorgeous !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
More denim please. Hi there
Denim🎉
Please wear a respirator when using resin. It is so dangerous to be breathing that in.
Ooo I worry about you breathing in all that fluff when champhering.  Maybe you need a mask.
Denim, would you consider using a coloured resin with the denim
So a few things first things first it's not called denim damascus it's called denim micarta second if you want to know tho to finish it go watch some knife makeing videos with micarta handles we use it all the time!
La mesa de Damascon con mezclilla te quedo genial. Muchas felicidades enhorabuena, lo estas haciendo exelentemente bien. Felicidades.
Boobie Desk ... i love it
You’re an artist my friend. Love your videos and your narration adds even more entertainment. I’m going to retire in a couple of years and you have inspired me to take up a hobby. I’m trying to educate myself. Keep on cranking out your videos. I always look forward to seeing them. Thank you for the great service you provide.
I am from Damascus and all the art is from Damascus and the oldest capital in history. I loved this video. Thank you for drawing attention to this great country.
The PSA at the start was amazing. Lol.
how much to buy that table ?
MORE
Looks like a game of battleships with curly ships!
Стола отлично но ножки не совсем
Holy. Shit.   This may be the most bad ass thing I’ve ever seen in my life.   I love this with all of my heart. 💙🖤
Огонь! Круто!!
Guten Tag 👋 Ich habe jetzt einige Filme gesehen und finde deine Arbeit sehr schön. Eine Frage habe ich  an dich. Was hallst du von Holz mit Edelsteinen mit Epoxid ? Ich kann mir vor stellen das auch das Super aus sehen kann. Da es viele schöne Farben bei Edelsteinen gibt. Nun noch eins. Mach weiter so wie bist her. Deine Ergebnisse Sprechen für sich.
at 26:25 you said you don't like the corner of the round-over and I died internally. I LOVE that specific look! The contrast between curved and sharp is so good! (ˊ̥̥̥̥̥ ³ ˋ̥̥̥̥̥)
Denim! I love it man. Great Job
Denim Please
Мужик,ты офигенный специалист,наблюдать за твоей работой словно смотреть на огонь
DEMIN!!! I think this is my favorite so far!!
Which video did you restore the BB gun?
Your table doesn’t have any imperfections ~ it’s all apart of the design pattern ~ unfortunately I live in another country and am on low income ~ but wish I could afford it!
denim
Please please tell me the make of your face shield with dust filter.  Super unhappy with mine.
Denim, yes! 30:07 reminds me of girl washing the car on Cool Hand Luke.
30:01 looks more like an Australian Frisbee to me.
Lindeza.....uau!!
Denim for sure !  I really like it and am flabbergasted that no one has bought it in a year !  I don't think it is psychedelic but wonder what it would look like with a dark wood finish on the legs. If I could afford it and didn't live so far in Boston <-- that last part is not true, I would drive my truck to get that !  Good luck !
Ingenioso y bello trabajo. Una mesa de ensueño.
Love it!!🎉😊
Denim for sure! Your denim table is fabulous! I really love your creativity.❤❤❤
The table top looks amazing!  Not a fan of the base though, white oak is a cheap wood you use because its cheap or you use it as a base to then be stained anther color that you would other wise not easily find.  With the vibrancy of the blue top an oranger wood would of fit very well to match.
I love it😊
I was a metal working fan before a wood working one so when I saw this I thought of Alec Steele
More Denim , can you make the frame out of denim too, so then its Jay Leno wearing double denim =)
The denim looks good I loved it
Well done.
⚡️
अगर मेरे पास कभी इतने पैसे हुए तो मैं आपसे जरूर एक टेबल खरीदूंगा  ❤❤❤
आपके हाथ में बहुत सफाई है. बहुत सफाई से काम करते हो आप मुझे बहुत ही अच्छी वीडियो लगी एक नई चीज देखने को मिली
Джинсы Очень красиво. Смотрела как делались круглые столешницы. Хотелось бы посмотреть как будет выглядеть стол, если выбрать белый деним, ткань со стразами и сверху светящаяся прозрачная тафта. Рисунок взять пеперони . А чтобы они не просвечивались темными пятнами, сделать их из прозрачного плексиглаза. Верхний слой ткани, из переливающейся тафты, вырезать на 20 см больше, и собрать его в складки. Мне кажется будет очень гламурненько
By the way, I love this table!!!! I just wish I could afford it. But that's ok. Keep doing what you're doing
Listen, I know nothing about what you are doing, but if I had to guess, I would say that the vacuum is the reason for the soft and fussy after apoxy, the vacuum probably pulls everything to the center. That's just my guess. Please don't hurt me. lol
Love it, more! Thank you. Bob JMJ.
Denim. What a hack, doesn’t even grow his own denim trees for his builds
Your denim table, “forged” with the Damascus technique, is great.
excelente mesa de escritorio, ya me gustaría tener una igual, creo que este tipo de muebles se verían de lujo en cualquier lugar, una pregunta. Tendría la misma resistencia si fuera para sillas de comedor?  Saludos desde Barcelona España
Hermoso trabajo felicitaciones
I've been doing denim micarta for many years largest size I made was a small cutting board usually make knife handles.  and rings it's always fuzzy after a sand.
Espectacular solo que a esa no le pusiste, los pines de conectividad.-
Jeans! This is beautiful! Дай бог тебе здоровья!)
L take on people correcting you.
denim! just blown away by your attention to detail, skill and OMG the results… NO WORDS
Over 1 year later and its still for sale on your site. Maybe its priced too high? :D
перевод и озвучка пиздец конечно... подстолье вообще не подошло, на кушетку какую-то больше похоже чем на стол..
DENIM IS AWESOME!!!!
More denim tables for sure. I literally am not a woodworker but ever since I came across your channel I wanted to but it’s just very enjoyable to watch you craft these tables. Absolutely amazing my man. I enjoyed the last one and even more with this build. I believe I started watching in 2021 I can’t think of the first video, but I always come back and see something you uploaded and know im going to like what you crafted.
My theory on the fuzzy: I think you still have air in between the fibers. The cavities are just so small that air bubbles don't naturally fill it in. Maybe you could use vacuum to extract more air. Or possibly vibration?
2:00. Was a beautifully worded come back
Denim
Denim. One of the absolute coolest tabletops i've ever seen but I would never buy it with that base. It looks unfinished IMO.
You just have to polish it like a polished micarta knife handle
Com jeans, ficou fantástica! Você poderia fazer com o tecido Brim ou Sarja colorido, acho que ficaria ótimo!  Fica a sugestão aqui do Brasil! ❤
I had and still have a ikea desk and when I went to move, I had to hold it together with a bunch of super long clamps and other clamps just to keep the thing in tact😂😂 it falls apart when you go to move your 100% right
2:44 “Rubiks cube” is another good one
I would've gone darker to lighter instead of every other a different color
Denim
HAHAHAHAHAHA - we call them "Authenticity Nazi's" at the Rennaisance Fair's. But ironically they are the ones who aren't using authentic materials.
Love it
Burlap could be an interesting fabric to work with?
Couldn't you have just painted 3 different color blues one on top of each other to get the same effect, curious
Que grosero!!! Si alguien quiere corregir pues lo dejas y si la corrección te sirve la tomas y si no pues la dejas. GROSERO, ya no te voy a seguir
Love the natural look even some of the imperfections gives it more of that stone wash natural look
Make a denim chair for this table
Damascus, arse biscuits. Beautiful table though.
Denim it's beautiful
Зумеры придумали текстолит😂
Kaki meja nya jelek amat
Denim. Maybe if you underlay orderly patterns instead of blobs you'll get something that doesn't have the psychedelic look you were lamenting.
еще один ролик про динема!
Amazing❤
No Denim. I appreciate the art and skill that went into it - but the end result looks pixelated or printed. Like a quartz countertop. I like how self deprecating you are. Nice quality for a very talented individual.
В итого продали стол и за сколько ?
Столы из динима это любовь с первого взгляда 👍👍👍
Looks great. I would love to see a river table with Damascus denim on one side and walnut on the other with your usual black epoxy in the middle.
Make kids puzzles from fave story books, ask for help and legal information.
Make floating shelves, no demin please. Thank you ♥️
Work with leather artisans stop making the denim tables now pls. Truths send all the denim to manufacturers for new designs. It's too wasteful to make a table. How many have you made so far, they are very nice, but make something else, purses, minis, a line skirts even Miricle Jeans for 7 all mankind need denim that is ethical. I wear the denim shoes by Diesel.
Magnifique 😊👍👍👍
Очень красивый получился стол.
Wrapping the legs in leather Levi's labels would be cool.
For anyone wondering, the name Damascus (originally called wootz or ukku) was derived from the Arabic word damas meaning water 🌊
Denim! This is beautiful! As a sewist I have a good idea why it feels fuzzy. You may want to talk to people who work with fabric instead of woodworkers about this.  Gorgeous table. Honestly though, I liked the solid denim one better. 🤷‍♀️
Denim chair next to
💙💙💙
😂😂😂 2:31 o desabafo é ótimo
Denim.  I really DO enjoy watching these Denim Tables.   I think it'd be cool if you made the base out of Denim as well. In fact, I think you should make more bases in general.   On a side note. You enjoy making bowties with your wood tables.   What if you got a really gnarly piece of wood, that would need a ton of bowties, just by looking at the slab. Then, instead of securing it with bowties, what if you bore out a big calligraphy design throughout the whole table, for the negatives.  You could get some 8 mil transparent plastic tarp, and with a sharpie parker, you could create a template for your positive shapes. Then, when making the positive shapes, you could get a different type of wood, a color that would contrast with the existing wood for the table. You'd basically cut out the shapes on your 8 mil plastic, and double sided tape it to your positive shapes.  Another side note, that "Think about it" guy. Did he teach you how to do woodworking?
Denim: What about spelling out something in the pattern, at least a little?   Apologies if already said in the 10K+ comments.  Love your channel, keep up the great commentary and risk taking.   I'm a hybrid viewer - enjoy watching while doing some computer work but also want to learn tips/techniques passively for my own side / home projects. Thanks!
This is so fucking cool. I'd didn't think I'd like it but I love it.
The larger radius on the router cut definitely looks better and fits the look better. Well done!
Denim Amazing
You prolly will never read this seeing as this video is 1yr old but have you ever tried Denim epoxy inlays? With how you form the patterns it occurs to me... that is a perfect way to stamp company logo's into things So say someone wants a boardroom table massive as it may be and they want and inlay of lets say tan/brown denim logo in the center could be cool looking... Anyways beautiful stuff
You won't believe this, but in 2014 I went to China with an MFG tour to find suppliers for my machine project.  I met the person who makes the BAC vacuum pot you are using. He really impressed me in the interview I had with him in Shanghai.  In China, there are 3 types of manufacturers; the first is the scammer, the second is the faker who has an empty factory and say they are moving and they will probably get you your product but it will be from another factory and they are just the middle men.  The third are the real ones, and Sam from Baco engineering is the real one.  His work for me keeps getting better and better. My youtube channel is just a hack around thing, so you won't find what I really do there, but I'm in inventor.
with jeans and other cloths, it looks promising...
very awesome!
I think it looks pretty great.  I would love to see a similar project with some sort of olive green and tan denims and a darker base finish.  Keep doing videos like this, brother.  ~Kris
А тематические  есть столы из слеба
Ножки были бы лучше  цвета красного дерева. Цвет красного дерева с синим лучше сочетается
Джинсы❤
Everyone to their own but that is not a nice table top.
Джинсы! ❤❤❤
Denimascus you mean lol
Bro your work is amazing… thinking about buying a few wood working tools and trying my hand.
Demin, obviously! But even though I think this video is over two years old, I don't think anyone was too enthusiastic about asking you to continue with the denim tables. I personally think they look amazing.
This table is gorgeous
Denim i agree with the camera gentleman having the table edge flush looks kinda goofy i think that it should overhang byat least  twice the thickness of the top ,also a tapered leg always looks classier than a straight leg  ,they are stronger too and yes white oak always or cherry my fav …..i used to quality control for Mark Wilkinson Furniture the most exclusive and expensive furniture maker in the UK. love the effect on the top though ,      Q how thin could a denim epoxy damascus layer be?  thin enough for an acoustic guitar top ?3mm?
2:05 😂😂😂 "No one likes you!" Valid Response ❤️‍🩹
Want to know how to make one of these?  Then… damn, ask us.
DENIM
Классный стол получился!
20:20 I'm no expert myself, but I think it's because apoxy is more brittle than fabric meaning it chips off on a micro scale while the denim holds on literally by a thread.
Duct tape, zipooc to add to the list. I hate when people try to correct me on ziploc.
Weird that you are so upset about the comments or people clarifying terms. Seems petty of you
Denim would enjoy seeing you make more Denim projects!
Me encanta tu canal y que este doblado al castellano es genial, me gusta que enseñes los fallos y como los solucionas
Джинсы
“Nobody likes you” 😂😂😂 That was priceless! That was eclipsed only by the statement about being an entertainment channel instead of a how to channel. You are the best! (I was thoroughly entertained!)
Pretty sure the reason you're getting "fuzzy" textures is the nature of the material and how a planer is radially cutting the material. A radial cutter will cut nicely in a small portion of the radius. It will also likely take "tearing" cuts in other parts, unless you can get perfect speeds/feeds, pulling the fabric up. This is all reliant on the planer taking a "conventional" cut. If it climb cuts it's a different story.
Give up the hissy fit ,you sound like the orange MAN!!!
Denim! It looks incredible dude.
Youre attitude is the level of petty i love.
para una mesa de planisferio esta tecnica podria resultar muy bien.  saludos
Tanto dinero y trabajo para hacer está mesa sin ningún atractivo. Que suerte que tiene alguna gente, que puede tirar la plata así. Mi calificación para la mesa...insignificante y tonta.
Denim, would be interesting to see how far you can take it. 🏆
That fuzziness is just the nature of working with a cotton fabric like that. Other, man made, fabrics don’t do that.
Fellow damascus sheriff here, not a big fan of the denim tits, other than that a thumbs up from the sheriff
Una con pedazos de tela reciclada...
I love the denim but I really do think the legs are cheap and spoilt the whole look , sorry
О боже, как этоткрасиво !
The fabric is 'tearing out', just like wood fiber. If you go too fast on an edge
As a novice woodworker, i must say your videos are informative, humble, amusing, and entertaining.   Since doscovering your channel,  your videos have become background for any time i spend inside.   I value your experience and willingness to display your knowledge as well as your mistakes and i aspire to bigger and greater things.   Big thanks to you, to Scott, and to your loving wife for all you offer.    May your day be blessed as mine has been with your videos
Reminds me of malachite more than Damascus
15k USD for a pair of jeans? ... no wonder it hasn't sold for over a year ...
You are doing great bro . Its really hardwork . Dont listen those bad comments .cary on we love to watch your amazing work
Reminds me of a screen saver I had in the 90's and spent many late nights staring at for far too long.
Denim! Love it ❤
WOW!!!!!!! I LOVE THIS SO MUCH. I would love to put it in my Computer/Crafts room.  Making a damascus denim table from 1000 feet of fabric  I work on wood, ceramics, polamour clay, as well as epoxy. I am trying to come up with ideas on how I can make a much smaller version of this.  I am 74 years old. Which means first, I was a bonified hippie since the 1960’s, I still am now. Second, because of my age, I am on a tight budget. Since this video is a year old, I am putting this on a newer video, hopefully you will see this.
Micarta, right?
DENIM!!!  instead of random shapes for the Damascus, you could do a logo or name or a pattern.   You could also experiment with having wood show through
denim................ neat
19:39 WTF DID U MAKE NOW (in the background) XD
New to your channel there’s some great content Best wishes from the United Kingdom 😺😺😺
28:45 - I think that table top would look nice as a wall hanging. Found your channel today, and have been binging on it for a few hours now. I'm really enjoying it all! Thank you for making these very interesting videos. Oh, more denim please!
Denim Denim Denim just wow!!!!!!❤
I love scott. He is so awesome.
I just subscribed to your channel a day ago and i regret not finding out about this channel a long time ago. I enjoy watching content like this. Someone that enjoys and points out when a mistake has happened only 2 creators i have seen do this and not pretend they are perfect and get it right all the time. Plus i just started trying epoxy resin hoping to get as good as you are. Btw your tables have been 🔥
Oh i could stare at that after some trippy lol
Denim... Excelente trabajo....
I watched a video of a kid making skate board decks out of layer of denim just like your doing the table
Jeans. O resultado é excelente.
Do more denim that looks good
$10,000.00 is BS bro I can never afford that in this life or the next. I’m on child support rn. Do me a custom table for $500.00 & call if charity work😘😘😘
denim... stunning
great job
Looked pretty good but wow that very not versatile base looked uuuuuuugly.
Огромное спасибо за это потрясающее видео! Оно не только подарило массу положительных эмоций, но и вдохновило на новые идеи. Автор проделал колоссальную работу, и это чувствуется в каждой детали: от качественного монтажа до глубокого содержания. Очень приятно видеть, как много усилий вложено в создание такого контента. Это видео — настоящий пример того, как можно увлечь зрителя, подать информацию интересно и доступно, а также зарядить позитивом.   Особенно хочется отметить, как легко и увлекательно автор рассказывает о, казалось бы, сложных вещах. Это делает видео полезным для самой разной аудитории. Каждая минута просмотра пролетает незаметно, и после завершения остаётся приятное послевкусие и желание пересмотреть ещё раз.   Также хочется похвалить визуальную составляющую: кадры, графика, переходы — всё на высшем уровне. Видно, что автор подходит к своему делу с душой и профессионализмом. Здорово, что на платформе есть такие талантливые создатели, которые радуют нас качественным контентом.   Это видео однозначно заслуживает самой высокой оценки и рекомендаций. Спасибо за ваш труд, за ваше творчество и за то, что делаете мир чуточку лучше! Уверен, что у вас ещё много интересных проектов впереди, и я с нетерпением буду ждать новых выпусков. Продолжайте в том же духе, вы делаете невероятно важное дело! 👍🎥✨
AWESOME!!!!!
Metal work...stirrups.
Jackets, rugs, coats, shoeing and bridals...
Care for horses, and unique accessories for horses and ponies...
Saddlery, horse equipment....
Equestrian market...leather textiles, and unique saddlery,  driving gloves, Equestrian riding gloves, and bridals....leather workers, selling market for Equestrian only...horses....
Genial
Denim.  Again this is awesome
👏👏👏👏 c'est magnifique et inspirant! Merci
Lol first video and you are that mad about knowlegde you want people to die? Bye
In all the Realtor forums they will jump on you if you say Hot Water Heater instead of just Water Heater....because why would you need to heat hot water?
I mean... Damascus is literally just pattern welded steel itself, so saying "that's not real Damascus" is about as intelligent as saying "thats not real pattern welded steel, it's just pattern welded steel." Um.. okay cool point you made there smooth brain.
I discovered your channel just yesterday. Now I'm kind of binge-watching your videos. 🙂 In one of them you talked about you KI-translated audio. Being a German nativce speaker, I tried the German track. At least in one of the videos you had kind of American accent; in the others I tried (like this one) this accent was gone. I didn't find any really wrong translations. Just a few cases where English phrases were translated a tiny bit too literally. But all in all I am pretty impressed by the quality. But, since I understan English pretty fine, I am going to stick with the original sound ;-)
Denim. maybe cut the table top  into strips and turn them on their side, like a stacked Damascus ?
Definitely needs to be done more and better thanks for the video
I think you had a very good artistic “out of the box” idea for a table ,, but in my opinion you shot yourself in the foot with that very plain rectangle design and table base ,, I think with the right base and different shape ,, that artistic table could be a VERY expensive gallery piece !! Much more interesting to look at than a enlarged Campbell soup label 😉👍
И впрямь красивый стол, отличная идея с джинсами.
Denim for sure!  Also love the perfect match up with the base and the color contrast with the blue and the white oak 👌
Un travail parfait  !! On pourra certainement arriver á d·autres couleurs selon le denim , ça ouvre des portes ...Merci
I may be late to the party, but here is why I think the table feels soft coming off the planer, even though the epoxy has completely penetrated the denim. I think because the epoxy is brittle compared to the denim fibre, the tool breaks the epoxy and then fails to cut the now loose fibre to the exact height of the epoxy surface. Essentially like casting a rope in resin and then breaking the end of it with a hammer just on a microscopic level. This is just a wild guess, but maybe you could use a really sharp hand plane (knife) and run it across to cut the short fibres sticking out. I hope this makes sense, excuse my bad English as I am  a native German speaker :)  EDIT: How about using a cheap disposable razor, I think those things are made to cut short stubble. YES, please shave the table!
Edit: there's a far better explanation already here in the comments   My best bet would be because the epoxy is Harding around the fiber not Harding the fiber it's self, a small layer of fibers from the denim become exposed and pushed flush because there's not brittle enough to snap off when cut just being pushed to the table while the plainer is running, witch in theory would give you that fuzziness especially if your losing microscopic amounts of epoxy dew to heat or friction. Just a theory tho
Too bad you didn’t have a rotary cutter.
1 year later and nobody bought it yet?
Там просто попало воздуха и не попала смола по этому пятно образовалось. Но респект 👏 вакуум хорошо но где ленты по краям там нужно придавлевать хорошенько перед тем включить вакуум, тогда не будет попадать воздух . Translate please I don't know English😢 but I kan say respect !
🇧🇷 Parabéns pelo trabalho! Gosto muito de assistir seus vídeos. É bom saber que você compartilha inseguranças e desafios, e quase sempre consegue supera-los. Me sinto motivado a alcançar seu nível profissional em minha marcenaria. Abraço
Denimascus. <3
I watch all your videos to the end
Чувак ты крут))
Bonjour a tous et toutes très belle table 💪🐕‍🦺❤️
Fluffernutter ?
I could have told you, you should have done this, you could have done that… just kidding.🤣😂 YOU are awesome!!! Screw the “know it all’s”!!! It’s what makes you unique. I enjoyed this very much.💪🏼😎
Oh no, not the jable..
Subscribed in 2025. Thanks for the awesome video!
doesn't he look like Johnny Sins?
The top of the table 10/10  The leg frame
Man,, a top that unique, and complex and time consuming needed an equally funky table base… that’s really something you’ve made there though 🤙 (I agree though, that the color combination really works)
That type of correction (not the relative frustration or tone behind it) comes out of a desire for truth and and an interest in stopping the spread of false information.  With many things, false information is not harmful, but normalizing false (even incomplete) information as acceptable is how many misconceptions about vaccination and pharmaceuticals become so strong and broadly believed.   Please don't shame everyone who tries to share more accurate information where they perceive it to be lacking. Instead thank them for the correction, show them a change in the next video, and let them know if they came across too strong so that they can improve as well. A far better way than publicly declaring inconvenient truth to be undesired.  Very nice table by the way, I can see why you chose to experiment further with the coffee tables.
Очень круто!
Sos muy soberbio hermano!!!
Блять, деним…. Джинса, епт
дошел до момента где автор желает несчастья другому человеку и не стал смотреть дальше
🤣🤣🤣🤣 Everyone hates the Karen comments!
❤😂 beatifuill good work wood design perfect jeans good
Espectacular preciosa
Very good
¡TE QUEDÓ EXCELENTE!!! 👌 muy bien, te felicito 👍 Saludos desde Buenos Aires, Argentina! 👋
Love your sense of humor with the helpful comments. LOL
Would love to have the energy and tools but I’ll enjoy your fun for now
Con denim. Guau! Me gusta esta linea de experimentar con cosas nuevas. Sigue!
Denim i think it looks cool, will be interesting to watch new ideas with it
Blacktail with the goods as usual😏
what type of wood is this? Alien wood
Hello, denim epoxy expert here. It's fuzzy because it's denim. Thanks for reading
Denim!
Damascus is an ancient city in Sinai
Denim. Love it. But. Prefer a dark X metal or aluminum base.
Cant you spray the epoxy on rather than brushing?
Hey😮 i hope this finds you i would love to see a demon Damascus pool table if you find this idea you could let me know if u read this.. awesome ideas and projects
It would be great if u try black denim
Denim looks great but did not get to see hiw you finished off the bottom, unless I went to the bathroom during that portion. Scott
🇧🇷👍
Top. Queria poder guanhar uma ferramenta dele dos sorteios que ele faz. Aprendo muito com os vídeos dele
Denim
I guess.... if it was me doing it for one I wouldn't be able to sell it in the first place and 2nd, if I did get a buyer I would break even on materials and my time would be free...... I can't ever win
Nice challenge working with denin and epoxy.  The final product is very nice and different.  I like the fact that you try different material wich there is no precedent.  Very clever.
Denim came out sublime. So glad you didn't table this idea.
The tabletop looks bloody awesome, really blew me away. I would have preferred a darker table base, maybe even close to black, but that's just a matter of taste.
nadie los quiere jajajajajaja
Denim! You make it Gorgeous!
そんな程度受け入れられないのは結構性格歪んでるな
More denim! Could you make a demascus denum contour chair?? It would be so cool but probably impossible to make curvy idk
Holy sh*t that’s one of the coolest tables I’ve ever seen. Good call on the lighter wood for the base, but a tough one.. I think the dark red would have looked amazing with the blue denim also. Man that’s a cool table. 😮
me encanta tu programa soy carpintero aprendo mucho con tigo quiero saber mas sobre resina epoxica, exitos
Отличный проект!
Could be a good wall highlighter then just a table top
More Denim!
wow beautifull almost looks natural as if created by nature, such an piece of art
More denim.
Denim looked very cool. I still like the leather legs too tho:)
Denim table? Sounds crazy, but I love it and would like to see more.
No idea the first time I saw an entire video,but ,love you dude all your stuff,plus you are hilarious the way you handle not so nice comments,love love love you bro, INSPIRATIONAL,to say the least
What if you did layers of plaid? Different colors? That’ll be cool lls
Plz more denim
These denim tables are GORGEOUS. It looks so good! 😍😍
Damascus? within context of making forged blades, yes … but otherwise, I would call it lamination. 🤗
Denim
I just want to say that I am not a woodworker, although my grandfather invented and patented a way to make hardwood plywoods, so I do know a lot about wood.  Or at least I know more about wood than most laypeople who don't do anything with wood. Anyhow what I want to say is that I really really enjoy your videos, I enjoy your comments and your sense of humor. And basically that's all I wanted to say I think you're a very entertaining & interesting site.  I really love the denim, it's awesome. So, I guess I need to say keep it up, good stuff, and thank you.  LouiseA, Solana Beach, CA
Пойду куплю себе новые динема, чтобы походить на Эминема! Йо! Перевод нейронки - бомба)))
It's not a Blacktail Studio video without the first three minutes being a weirdly-aggressive tangent about absolutely nothing.
❤❤❤
Denim. ..... Definitely.   I discovered your channel a couple of weeks ago but didn't think of subscribing due to being disabled thanks to my Vietnam service. I would have jumped in Boots an'all for your Master Workshop, but my woodworking shop now has a few years of dust and not been seen for  a bit longer. However Google has left me links to more of your videos and after watchinh a dozen of more I think it's oly fair I subscribe.  Just one thing I should mention, please stop putting yourself down. You're a damned good woodworker and don't take any notice of anyone saying differently. Keep up the good work and good luck with that denim look, a shame you haven't copyrighted it.  All the best   Stu.
Denim is cotton, so when you sand it, even though it has been infused with epoxy, little hairs get pulled up and it creates a "nap."
потрясающе! очень рад, что нашел Ваш канал, безумно увлекательно и очень многое подчеркнул для себя
This is so cool and very unique I love to see new ideas and creations. You did awesome. Thank you for sharing❤
В озвучке,   столько неправильных  ударений в словах !
Denim table- ugly and HUGE waste of time and resources.
Do you know hou many Nobel prize winners end up on the news for saying some dumb stuff? Please don't fall into that trap and leave linguistics out of the discussion. You're better than the people who leave those comments under your videos ;-) (I agree with you on the drywall controversy, not so much on the damascus one...)
Nice!!!!!!!
Ноги в столе хуже не бывает
That was a fine slab from the denim tree!
“Nobody like you and we all hope something bad happens to you”😂😂😂😂that made me chuckle hard
I've never made a table out of denim micarta but I have made some knife and tool handles. It's great for it because of that fuzzy texture. It's really comfortable on the hand and I'm pretty sure the reason that it happens Is the epoxy has less tensile strength and abrasion resistance than the denim so the long flexible denim fibers stay inbeded in the epoxy and the hard epoxy breaks off. Come on just think about it
Denim I absolutely love the denim it's blown me away . I really want a new office desk using it BUT I really can't get past how much I think the stand is awful! Yes it does remind me of ikea! But it looks so under strengthed(although I know it isnt) Love the channel
Denim, sorry I’m a year late. Would love to see more!
Мне очень понравилось но я би немного в эпоксидку  добавил синего светящегося состава фосфора вечером или в темноте это былобы нечто удивительное
3 D. Классно выглядит
demnin yes
Blew my mind🔥😃
21:40 that's my mantra 🤣🤣
this guy is so rude wtf
Para mí no es un canal de entretenimiento, es un canal que da envidiia a los que no sabemos hacerlo
Hey man! Even though the denim is pretty cool, nothing beats a beautiful wood! Please continue to give me wood!
Denim. That's to say, I would love to see more denim content. But, if I'm being honest I cant's see myself putting a denim table in my home.
Denim❤
I am 63 years old this is my first time watched your YouTube videos.  I am highly impressed of the  all the things you make especially the  Denim videos.  I know today I spent over 5 hours watching  your videos.    Can wait to retire so I can spend time doing some of the things you do I can call myself a amateur woodworker been done it for a few years. Thank you so much for the videos you put out I will try to get some of your videos to learn how to do better finishes and other things.
Super Cool! Much better that the first one although id like to see the leather wrapped legs on this Damascus denim. (Im not crazy about the box frame legs) 👍
i LOVE your videos but dude you've gotta stop even mentioning these bad comments. Literally every channel gets comments like that and mentioning it just makes it worse. if they don't bother you, why mention them in every other video? Also just because someone leaves an annoying comment, i don't think that's reason to "hope that bad things happen to them"    why spread more negativity when you can spread positivity? again i love your videos and i'm going to continue watching no matter what so ignore this or don't lol
More denim pls. 💙
Yo soy ingeniero, me gusta mi profesión, más cuando empecé a ejercerla entre a trabajar en empresas que fabrican muebles. Eso para mí me dio la experiencia tanto en procesos, diseño e ingeniería que más tarde me permitió iniciar un sueño, empecé mi propio negocio, donde yo mismo diseñaba, fabricaba y negociaba con mis clientes así como lo haces tú en tus videos. Por eso estos videos me recuerdan tanto mi pasión por trabajar en mis propios proyectos, entiendo perfectamente lo que haces. Desgraciadamente por necesidad tuve que dejar indefinidamente el negocio y volví a trabajar en mi profesión . Ahora siento que no tengo paz, aunque tenga un sueldo fijo, preferiría mil veces volver a trabajar en mis proyectos y hacer diseños propios. Bueno, solo comparto mi sentir y que cada que veo uno de tus videos me genera mucha ilusión . Saludos!
"nobody likes you" correction: dumb ppl don't like you... so the majority
I enjoy your work because you are strive to convey the act truth of what is presented to us, the viewer. I must say that I am ensulted by your attempt to dismmis your missuse of the dissigtion of the metal as Damascus when it is folded metal foging. Damascus metal is an expression of the use of metal ore with a unique elemental concentration of a rare element that only found some 100KM south of the City of Damascus.  I still love your honesty and will continue to watch your channel.  Love, Rick
Hell yeah to denim ❤
Denim. I like this. I don’t mind the Africa or the botched augmentation. It’s the circle islands on the end I’m not a big fan of. Long random lumps is better.
Dude make a pool table outta that Damascus I think it would look I think it would be awesome and one of a kind
WHAT THE FCK DID HE MAKE NOW!
Класс ❤
It turned out like an art piece !! You are a true craftsman!!!
Love your taking the "language police" to task.  If there is one thing I really love about you, it is your humility.  The language police need to take a lesson from your playbook.  While correcting someone else on some technicality might make you feel superior in your own mind, your attitude helps the rest of us despise you.
people from Damascus are loosing it now
Denim! That's a really neat table! I like it. If I could make a suggestion,  maybe put a couple small Denim layers on top of the wood form blocks to give a (consistent?) look to the Damascus pattern on top of the wood forms. It looked to me that the Denim was thinning and you were close to wood form and the layers were at an end. If thay makes sense. But it's beautiful.  👍
I would like to learn how to work with epoxy and make tables like you
....gotta be honest Brother, the table base does not do the Top justice.
👌👍
Absolutely fabulous. Love it.
The true irony here is that those "Actually... Damascus is..." people aren't even correct. They are referring to Wootz steel.
if you use breather material and don't drown your part in epoxy the catch pot is unnecessary (though as far as I know it won't hurt anything)
do you always cry in every video? lol
Hi, the wave building you see at the top  is called "moiree" greatings from germany😊
Like a sand castle at high tide 😂
This is amazing, for some reason it reminds me of Grand Seiko watch dial design that takes inspiration of color of lake in difference seasons.
Brava, keen working try. Salamingaleze.
Denim. I make pens and Your videos gave me the confidence to make a denim pen and it is by far the coolest thing I’ve done
Great table, really an impressive work! I am a bit more for the classic legs but the table looks really really great!!!
More psychedelic next time! Looks amazing.
Denim
flat denim tables would be better
C'est la première fois que je vois un mec aussi prétentieux et arrogant, c'est facile de faire des tables en résine quand on a une raboteuse industrielle à disposition et qu'on fait des coulées de résine n'importe comment et osez vendre ce genre de table 15000 dollars c'est franchement se foutrent de la gueule du monde... tu es très loin d'être un menuisier je te le dis...
Denim; now make a matching chair to go with the denim table. That would be cool.
Good size round over. I like the 7/8th. Looks like a continuation of the Damascus pattern on top.
Denim
Denim! Protect your face when using UV Light. Perhaps also use sunscreen. Take care. Well done.
खुप छान
$15k, holy shoot!  It’s been a minute since I’ve been in the market for quality artistic furniture.   Thank goodness for IKEA, lest my son be eating off the floor in his newly-purchased first home.
honestly, it would have looked 10 times better if you got some old jeans pants and then cut them flat instead of  brand new material - it would have a bit more interesting texture
Bro made a jable
Denim, looks good but i prefer wood, denim has a place but got to be wood
To add to your “Dont correct people on these terms” list, id put “Typeface” and “font”. Yes, technically theres a difference, but ultimately nobody cares.
Denim:  I love the top of this for the most part but for me, the base is a bit simple. I kind of get why, you dont want to detract from the top. But i see it the opposite. The top is so different and cool that it deserves a bit more fanfare. But thats just my personal taste. Everyone has their own take. Its still a very cool table and im quite surprised that it hasnt sold yet. I know the pricepoint is high. But its one of a kind!! How many people can say they own somwthing thats never been done? I didnt see the other denim table and now i want to go find it. Its so hard to decide on a favorite table that hes made. They are all so beautiful. I wish i could even afford an end table made by him lol.
Your voice over is all that keeps me engaging in ur videos .
I am a 76 year old grandmoy of four and I love watching you😊
2:20 it’s not just a name it’s a completely different product Damascus steel is a completely different type of steel .  Is literally trying to pass a counterfeit product as the real thing . They look similar but do not preform the save . Selling a inferior steal as a better steal in construction will lead to building collapses which kill a lot of people
Not a wood worker, but I'm addicted to your creative process. You, the artist, and your work, the art, are AMAZING!!!
I would have been floored (or tabled 😂) if I were in Shaheen's shoes. The table is truly a masterpiece.
🔰💢Nice work💢🔰
DENIM. You sir are a Master at your craft.
👏🏾🇧🇷
You're absolutely correct about the stupid corrects, and we all hope bad things happen to them... however, you're on the internet pal. It's probably best just to ignore the asshats; your videos are solid and the majority of us are fans.
I really like new experiments, but no more denim. Or maybe if you would use recycled denim of some sorts.
🤍
Fun to watch thanks 😊
i hate that base (it doesn't look finished/too blocky) but the top is so satisfying. i was hoping for some denim legs but maybe in the future?
Stunning end-result. Wonderful. What does the UV-lamp do?
denim.  definitely make one where you get to keep that soft texture, maybe intermixed with the smooth wood finish on one plain
lol ... if I had a camera in my workshop, youtube would probably ban me. So needless to say it cracks me tf up to see some of these cupcake comments. Been watching you off and on man since you started, and you,ve come a long way, built an awesome brand, and always pushing the envelope trying new stuff .... keep up the good work, and youre not offending anyone .... youre not being yourself😁
This one is ten billion better than the first one ! We need more psychedlic design 👍
What you made was a Micarta table. Demin Damascus is a good made up name though
Your an artist mate good job
😂😂😂😂😂  So happy to hear you NOT backing down to those negative commentators.
You’ve filled the gaps with epoxy. You’ve filled the gaps with glass. NOW ITS TIME TO FILL THEM WITH METAL!
He's great 😂 no body likes you and your gonna get left off the soft ball team. I'm stealing that
It looks great!
plastic crap with extra steps.
denim! more and excellent working 🎉
How do u turn dubbing off ... this sh*t is ruining my feed...
LOVE IT,,  I APPRECIATE ANYONE WHO THINKS OUT OF THE BOX AND HAS THE FORTITUDE TO EXECUTE THEIR IDEALS.  GREAT GOING..
Your work is AWESOMENESS!!!❤❤
How about denim Damascus flames inserts in epoxy lighted desk. The blue deamaskus 🔥 top with cut out flames legged
Denim deamaskus a beautiful peace love the work you do but hate  profanity. This world has gone to hell and little things like that is what's taking it there hope you clean it up and help the world heal from its evil core
4:22 THIS MADE MY HEART SKIP A BEAT. MY GOD.
I've watched all your work, sir, and got to say your eye for detail is top-notch keep up the amazing craftsmanship
Bin begeistert Verschwendung pur. Spendet das Geld lieber an Bedürftige...
Ето очень круто!!!❤❤❤👍👍👍
Denim
Takes my breath away. Very beautiful❤
I watch because I just love to  see the end product of what can be done with wood, which is always artistically beautiful and amazing
Would have looked great on a dark/black stand
Aqui hoje é 15 de dezembro  Paiz Brasil  estado São Paulo  bairro JD São Bento Novo  nunca conseguiria ter uma mesa dessas aquelas  redondinhos são  lindas o desenho das madeira é apaixonante
Sou do Brasil e vc é sensacional seu trabalho é lindo comecei a assistir e não  consegui parar.dei risada quando a placa de madeira te derrubou, o epox derramou todo no chão, seus remendos para madeira, vc é muito explorador e fica tudo lindo tenho 70 anos e gosto muito de artesanato pois é o que vc faz Parabéns não consegui saber seu nome mas o Jhon é muito companheiro e é muito sincero muito sucesso
I would like to see a burlap micarta table
Damascus micarta (easy way to annoy thr pendants. Using "Damascus" wrong and using a trademark in a genericized way)
It’s not Damascus in any form.  All you did was make micarta and plane it.  Nothing special here…  As for your comment early on regarding canister Damascus vs Wootz, you’re both wrong.  Wootz is the older form, but, it is the weaker form if done traditionally.  There is no difference between canister Damascus and Wootz except procedure.  Don’t try and talk the talk until you’re actively standing in front of a 3,000° forge swinging a 15 pound hammer and know what you’re talking about.  Until then, stick to wood.  Your walnut projects look awesome, and your attention to detail pays off.  This atrocity though…no…just no.
I have just found your channel and you are hilarious and have the BEST attitude!!!! You’re also hot
Denim. I am a Mechanical Engineer. I have a boat load of experience in composites. You did a very good job. Very good.
einfach nur faszinierend deine Arbeit, bin sehr begeistert über das Ergebnis vom Tisch.  🤗🤗
Yess I would have one (or two) in my house😁, that is if they'd fit 😂
для такого стола ножки нужны другие
LOVE IT!!! More demin please!  Great work!
How about one made of vintage screen printed t-shirts or a collection of another garment? Would be a nice top on a hope chest for someone (using their childhood clothing or bedding etc?)
OMFG that desk is unreal
The dry look after grinding - Wrong epoxy and or incorrect clamping pressure.
hilarious that this is subtitled in seven languages and none of them are english
Denim!!! Absolut amazing... strange and abnormus.... that's it!!!  Chapeau 🎩👍👍🇩🇪🔨😊
Eu assisto seus videos , sou muito perfeccionista, sou desenhista. Vejo seus videos e com as explicações e respostas bem colocadas .
I didn't think this  was going to look good, but I was wrong. I thought it looked good, weird breast augmentation and all.
джинсы
Denim 🥰🥰🥰 et magnifique votre table 🥰🥰🥰
Conhecer a técnica é muito importante, porém este produto não chamou minha atenção, os outros vídeos tem as mesas mais interessantes, além de serem perfeitas. Damasco eu conheço, em facas e punhais ficam muito bonitas, porém mesas devem ser de madeira.
20:50 I imagine the table becomes fuzzy again because the epoxy doesn’t penetrate all the way through the denim and/or shatters into shards that leave just denim during the sanding process, but idk
Adorei o resultado, poderia testar com jeans de cores diferentes criando aspectos e desenhos diferentes. Talvez cortar em tiras e colar novamente de desenhos ainda mais bonitos semelhantes aos que são feitos em madeira. criando algo ainda mais unico.
I love the Craftsmanship! I love the table, and it is like nothing I've ever seen before!
I just watch all of my videos for entertainment! I love watching wood/epoxy videos the most!
Blacktail   "I never tried this before ... I don't know what I am doing but... "  .    That my friend is what the greatest artists in history kept saying about their own work. Taking risks is what makes each peice very special .. in the hands of a true craftsman. Well done... Amazing.
Gorgeous!
WOW, the look is amazing.  I have maybe an idea for your epoxy layups, you might try a metal fiberglass roller it has little tips, that force the epoxy in and thru the cloth and making sure that your epoxy is even and not leaving dry or air pockets. In the end you'll use less epoxy and have faster layup times. My only experience with glass and epoxy was repairing oil tanks, replacing bad metal sandblasting the metal, then laying up the   the repair area with glass and epoxy inside or outside the tanks and at times both. Thank you for sharing your art builds. 😊
Awesome  Amazing Denim रॉक
Me gusto , me suscribo , admiro el trabajo echo con pasión y  honesto,con el echo de no esconder si cumple  con tus expectativas. Abrazo.  Continue haciendo lo que le apasiona
Denim🎉🎉🎉, thanks, I like your videos so much.
Denim. I like it. 😊
Нот бэд, бат нот дау(б) т этот резала, ит лука детей зен ëр репрезентейшн оф ит.
Wow 🎉🎉🎉
Purtiful. Would love to see more denim. Maybe even layers of various colors of denim. Not exactly rainbow, but maybe a few choices colors ... like the denim blue, but then purple, fuchsia, ... or think of that guitar table, and use those colors but with denim. Hmmm... honestly, I just love watching your creativity.
realmente bella, gracis por compartir tus sensaciones . Un enorme abrazo
I like it because it is a unique and a totally different looking table!  Good job!
Absolutely love this table. I’m going to attempt it myself. Any pointers you learned from this build you wish you would have done differently?
Been subbed for 2 years man. We love you in our house hold.
Será que tem alguém que faz algo parecido aqui no Brasil?
Топ
I won't stand for this IKEA slander; IKEA makes genuinely high quality stuff all the way DOWN to cheap-o dorm furniture.
I kinda like it, I was hesitant at first but it grew on me after the planer. The finish really made it pop. Like you, it is a lttle too psychedelic for my taste., but overall it is cool. You made a wise choice on the white oak for the base it makes for a nice contrast. Denim!
Direto do Brasil. Rio de Janeiro. Quero mais vídeos com Jeans. Deus te abençoe
Coolest demin table ever!!! But that bottom half is so ugly I'm so sorry. Its all love brotha keep up the great work and hope your channel continues growing 💪🏾
God that's peaty
I think I agree with Scott again on the round over, you went one too far. But as long as the customer is happy that's all that matters!
👍🔥
Es impresionante, me dieron hasta ganas de llorar por ver tanta Belleza,,, EXCELENTE
Live long enough, you become what you hate... Good luck.
It looks like a cushion
Lol @ the 40 terms you never need to correct anyone on. Armchair experts stink. Great work as always
The reason it gets fuzzy is because it's cotton fabric no matter the resin. It's counter intuitive i know
No Denim, don’t get me wrong it’s stellar work just not for me, I love your wood work sooo much better. You pretty much know what you’re going to get with denim but not wood and that’s what I like.
Brute force and ignorance works every time.
Parabéns  pelo trabalho. Ficou maravilhoso!
What would probably help is putting more small pieces in And having the bigger pieces in weirder shapes
Denim! You are an absolute legend. Amazing videos.
Magnifique 👍
This face 🥴 22:02
Beautiful
telling people who are obviously more intelligent than you that "no one likes them" for simply pointing out how dumb you are is quite a sensitive childlike reaction if i do say so. and convinced me that maybe a 10,000th demascus video that doesnt even contain metal probably doesnt deserve 3m views.
подскажите пожалуйста сколько стоит стол🙏🥲?
Стіл з текстоліту?))
Ты крутой мастер 👍
Super boulot !
That is cool! More denim! A denim backed chair would be really cool! Thanks!
Para o tradutor BR, o nome do Denim no Brasil é Micarta
Denim!
Jeans i want more!!!
Denim - more please.
@MARKO send me here :)
2:07 - 2:13 Fr 🗿
Очень красиво!!!
Красивое
поздравляю, вы открыли микарту
The top is amazing, but I can't convince myself oof the base. As they say, my order will be different haha.
Denim projects are a nice change. It shows you are adaptable and creative
Слишком много округлил
Denim!  😊
Мммм....хуйня!
I love your work. You should  consider a Denim river, wallnut table or desk. ❤
Now do it again, but this time with handtools only,
❤good work I like unic work😍
Una obra audaz, pero quedo como una obra de arte, ya que tenia un final incierto cumplió muy bien su propósito, te felicito un excelente e increíble trabajo👏
из джинсы, чувак, какое динема?turn on a normal translator
Absolutely stunning!
Denim badass!!!
Hahahaha!!!!!!!
this is the coolest table ive seen in a long time
Merci !
Looks awesome!!!
Good news!  The methodology for true Damascus steel was lost a couple hundred years ago, AND nowadays Damascus refers to BOTH pattern-welded AND crucible steel.    You have given us yet another layer in the Damascus saga.  Now we have to differentiate between Denim, Pattern-Weld or Crucible when discussing Damascus.   You people in the Northwest!!!
Ótimo vídeo  💯👍
I’m Brazilian, and whenever I can, I watch the videos of the projects. I'm not a woodworker and don’t work with anything related to furniture, tables, or carpentry. So, I think I deserve to win one of these tables.
It was nice, but for someone like me, I didn’t feel as much excitement watching it compared to projects using wood.  I hope you don’t stop with the wood projects. And just for the record, I watched until the end where you were looking at the camera, saying you felt strange—must be a consequence of the current project, lol (just kidding).
you are not the pnly one.. you are just a player
Кэм, смотрю из России. Мне 70 лет и я бабушка. Я замираю когда наблюдаю за твоими действиями, восхищаюсь твоим умом и добротой❤️. Дерево обожаю. И когда ты и твои собратья работаете вы совершаете чудо! Узоры дерева неповторимы и от вас зависит как они заиграют!👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻. Браво Мастер!!! Но дерево я люблю больше😃😃😃❤️❤️❤️🇷🇺
Tiene mu buen aspecto. Para otra ocasión usa piezas cortadas en vez de enteras, con más variedad de color (quizás 4-5), de modo que al reducir luego el patrón, no aparezca siempre el mismo color a la misma altura.
With jeans. I liked a more even layer, without bulges. But in any case, it is wonderful when you create and experiment. I advise you to rely more on your inner voice and your inspiration, because the irrational can give birth to a truly beautiful form or idea! The texture of this tabletop, in my opinion, is too contrasting. I dare to judge this as a designer by education and vocation. The rhythm of the spots is very similar across the entire surface of the table, for design it is better when there is a rhythm of the large and the small. You can learn from nature, for example, spy on the outlines of islands in the ocean from a bird's eye view, or any other natural textures. It would be interesting to add pieces of wood to the body of the tabletop along with jeans, and metal objects, thereby creating truly unique works of art. Thank you for your double work in products and in filming videos, this is very important for inspiring other people to create beautiful products!
Me gusta mucho tu trabajo amigo, yo veo rus videos, por q me gustan los trabajos con resina😊
Джинсы
DENIM…. Esta mesa o este estilo para superficies de mesa queda súper, especialmente para aquellas mesas de juegos o para chicos gamers. Gracias
прекрасная работа. выглядит идеально. подумай ножках своих столов, столешницы супер, но на простых брусах можно делать и простые деревянные столешницы. но всё равно круто!
Denim, This rocks!
Очень круто 👍💥🔥
Больше джинсов с пластикой груди 🐽😂
Amazing 🔥👍
Прекращайте озвучивать с помощью AI. Это такое дерьмо!
Ficou lindo a mesa de Jeans Can, parabéns 👏👏👏👏👏
Это самый отвратительный диктор или перевод
Would be cool to see a version of this using black denim if you’re not totally burnt out on denim tables.
Подписался из-за сисек.
War die Flex dabei?😅
And the table is denim mikarta. Lol
Just wow ❤
Love the Topi Map comparison!
Im not sure I saw the question you were answering😅. Great idea, keep going Cat!
Trabalho excepcional, parabéns 👏🏻🇧🇷
Festool for the win!
Душнила. Утомил разговорами, много слов - мало дела! 👎🏻
Superb look, classic idea
Opinión honesta...no pudo haber quedado mejor ...👍👍👍👍👍
Вы знали что у евреев нет мочек ушей ? 😮
джинсы!
😍😍😍😍😍
Schöne Sache 👍
Rifle . 👍
я не работаю столяром,не делаю столы из ипоксидной смолы,но идея ваша стол из джинсы мне нравиться.кому не нравиться пусть зделает лутьше.🤩😘
Well I guess that company hasn't heard of that word kiss and here's the abbreviations for that company keep it simple stupid that's what kiss means and that's what the job site usually is keep it simple stupid don't overthink it
Well if they leave me off the baseball team or the softball team that's fine that's when I go out and make my own team because personally I'd rather be a leader than a follower and anyway
Дядь Всё окей?  Ну поправили тебя. Ну..хорошо. Тебе то чего?  С ходу сыплешь проклятиями. Это отвратительно.
Очень хороший стол!!!! И озвучку на русском хорошо что сделали!)
2:27 YEP! social medias are made for ego boosting, not crushing.
I think I'd have liked cherry
Не понял, почему микарту называют денимой ?
Your channel is awesome. Not only do you create beautiful stuff but you are entertaining too.
wow, genial, de solo ver este excelente trabajo, me imagino una tela kaki, tipo cabuflage militar y el abanico de opciones verde azul, camuflage desierto y todas las combinacionoes que existen del camuflaje es para explotar la mente, imaginate los colores claros con bases oscuras.   Que vá estoy en venezuela casi en la indigencia, sólo puedo imaginarlo, me hubiese encantado construir una para mi hijo, el único que tengo que esta en el último de segundaria. bueno al menos pue ver como hacen cosas maravillosas, con ganas, con todos los periquitos que la imaginación puede, le felicito, realmente es un gusto verle trabajar. éxistos y Bendiciones
Pattern Welded Denim Table
Досмотрел ли я ролик? Ты шутишь?  Конечно ДА!!!!! Где покупаешь терпение?😄
You should do one that looks like a blotch test
Ебнуцца можно
Now we need to try pin stripe denim. Like bib-overalls denim.
Динема что такое? Зб уже ты со своей динемой
For covering the floor , I prefer using roofing tar paper. By a couple rolls lay out on the floor and duct tape the seems. The epoxy can easily be scraped up or just through it away after several uses
For covering the floor , I prefer using roofing tar paper. By a couple rolls lay out on the floor and duct tape the seems. The epoxy can easily be scraped up or just through it away after several uses
Красный цвет у подстолья
Wow that is great looking
wery cool👍👌
Джинсовая ткань... ты гений. Попробуй джут или брезент
❤ 👖 ❤
With Denim. Felicitaciones.
More denim
2:25 - Hey man, long time viewer, first time commenter. Thanks for leaving that clip in the video. It always makes me feel less incompetent when I see my fave YouTubers do things that I do.  Your work is inspiring. ❤
😂❤oh m'y God
Мужчина Вы делаете невероятно красивые вещи. Жаль что такого нет в России
denim c'est vraiment cool!
Трудяга, умничка. Стол очень красивый
"микарта" вроде это называют, когда такое делают из ткани.
The "Damascus" you see youtuber knife makers doing isn't real damascus.  What they are doing is "pattern welded steel".  Real Wootz or Damascus is a crucible steel that has those natural crystalline structures and patterns.  Here's a fascinating  history of Damascus Wootz. https://youtu.be/2MJHX5XPTJM?si=fVeTtAzn_GcZUj6S
これはとてもクールですね テーブルも良いけどタイルにするのも良いかも
Damast ist only the pattern... Steel or cloth....
Добрый день! Наверное, было бы не менее интересно, если бы к синему добавить ещё 2-3 цвета. Например, красный и чёрный. Или любые подходящие для цветового аккорда. Спасибо! Было интересно. Удачи и новых идей!😎👍👍👍
Джинсы, джинсы, джинсы
Все круто! Ты молодец!  Но на мой взгляд, скругления можно было сделать немного меньше😉
Я из России и я женщина))) не понятно,как и зачем ютуб подсунул мне это видео к просмотру? Но вот я залипла и не могу оторваться от просмотра  видео, и смотрю ,и переживаю, чтобы все получилось с этим столом  😂😂😂. Вы прикольный и ваш юмор заставляет меня хохотать)))   Удачи вам 😊
No soy experto en nada , pero tus 2 mesas de mezclilla, son de lo mejor, gracias man
This was absolutely beautiful. I love a good denim, and now I'm itching to find something like this here in SA. Who knows, maybe one day I'll make it myself. Thanks for the great videos ♥☺ Also, here is another denim and epoxy table video I've looked at a few times, https://youtu.be/QgUWd_U2P1w?si=OECcm-lV-6CRiid9, if you haven't already seen it on your research. Can't wait for the next one!
Que hermosa quedó, me encantó. Bastante dificultad. Mis Denim son los Cimarrón 😍
its 15,000$.
That looks amazing. and now I want to make a Damas... er... pattern welded denim fairing for my motorcycle. That would be awesome. Reminds me of that guy who started making denim epoxy sunglasses. What a cool medium.
Супер
magnifique !
Потрясающая работа, супер
Джинсы супер,шелк следующий?
Parabéns muito bom 🇧🇷
Absolutely LOVE the look of this table. Please do more.
Denim.  Se ve espectacular!!   Grande!!
какого денима? джинса ,просто джинса, ты не умеешь это слово говорить?
The tabletop is great.
Denim! @BlacktailStudio While I'm not an expert on the subject.... It being fabric and epoxy, there's a solid chance it's actually also reasonably bullet resistant. :)
02:40 Did anyone else slow down the speed to 0.25 and pause through the list of 40 items to be able to read all of them? As a non-native speaker I didn't even hear of half of those terms so now I have a lot to "google". Thank you, Cam! 😂
Me encantaría ver una hecha con mezclilla de distintos colores,ejemplo...rojo,blanco,azul,celeste,verde,amarillo etc.
Muy buen trabajo. Me gusto.
Denim, I believe this would make an amazing mudroom bench. Denim is known for its ruggedness and ability to wear over time, and feel that it would just fit right into a mudroom, or a closet stool.
Is this where I make the comment that you are talking about "Modern Damascus" vs. "Damascus steel" or "Wootz Steel"?  Lol, I think it looks amazing.
ДЖЫНСЫ .  🔄❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
Denim…
Необычно, красиво 🎉🎉🎉 Джинсы
Beautiful job 😊
херня из под коня...
Denim! Make a leisure suit.
Hi, I'm one of your viewers. I'm 83 years old. I set for hours watching your show. I appreciate and love everything you make. I wish you gods blessing. Have a wonderful evening. What now that was it
Yes!! I see you just for entertainment!!! Thanks!
Good work
I was just getting a 43 minute ad on this 30 minute video. I hope it's okay that I skipped it after one and a half minute.
levis
Очень красивый стол, классный проект🔥👍
love it. love all your stuff its top quality and yes, we all hate pedants too :D Subscribed :D
15.0000$😅
What a mega cool Projekt.  Top..
Dear sir, I would really like you to continue translating your videos into Portuguese, I've seen all the dubbed ones and I'm looking forward to the next ones, I'm learning a lot from you. Caro senhor gostaria muito que continuasse a traduzir seus vídeos em português ja vi todos os dublados e estou ansioso pelos próximos estou aprendendo muito com você
What a waste. What w waste of health, energy and products. Just of the sake of clicks. Additionally, it's not recyclable. Theses ideas are the most bullshit I could imagine. Please get a proper job or rethink your product ideas to go more sustainable.
Думал человек сделал что-то дельное, такое механическое, может там самолет или космический аппарат, а это СТОЛ! Ну ппц блин...
Интересная "микарта" получилась
Великолепно! Я очень люблю свои ножи дамасской стали, но стол в подобном стиле - настоящий шедевр!!!
Felicitaciones!!!! 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 Soy de Argentina,y creo que la persona que critique este trabajo,no es de éste planeta,es un trabajo soñado he increíble 👏👏👏👏👏👏🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷
Шлифовка оставляет ворс который поднимается при слое заливки смолы, поэтому нужен второй слой заливки смолы чтобы добиться чистой и ровной поверхности
More Denim. I think this is by far your most creative piece. If i had 15k, i'd buy it. I'd be curious to see if you could get the same results using different colors of denim. Like, the using the visible light color scale. It might be too garish, but.......
A mí me encantó 🎉🎉 desde ecuador saludos
Хорошая работа, но! Я как раз из тех, кто любит "поумничать". Не увлекайтесь перчатками и думайте где они необходимы, а где неприменимы вообще. Я о работе на фрезерном столе. Когда-то в правилах техники безопасности говорилось о том, что перчатки нельзя надевать там, где есть вращающиеся валы. Если, например на том же фрезере, не дай Бог палец попадет на фрезу, без перчатки рука отдернется и рана будет минимальной. Если же эта рука будет в перчатке, то фреза ее захватит и потянет вместе с пальцем или даже рукой, тут уж смотря какая фреза, какой станок и какая мощность двигателя. В общем хорошего не стоит ждать ничего.
I watch these to learn and see how the things I want to learn to eventually to do are done. My favorite parts are your commentary, your snarky quips, and your sense of humor. Great job sir.
Сделайте входные ворота в гараж по такой же технологии
Кто такая динема?
не знаю как я это нашел, и как это все переводится на русский( правда иногда криво)  но это круто.!
Denim
Стол из нового материала "Джинсовое дерево" 👍👍👍
Mais jeans 👖 muito legal.
I want more denim creation thanks you for your videos this table is ansome 😍
Denim
top
https://youtu.be/G2bov1e5LSY?feature=shared Wooden spider  Base tutorial.
jeans
Добавь один но толстый  слой красного денима
Joder te amo maestro calvo carpintero, usted sabe papera gente
динсы
Good looking denim table
Levi :)  Stunning look!  I love the reveal to the leather Smith. Very kind!
Это озвучивает человек или уже нейронка? Кажется - второе...
хочу такой стол
Denim Denim Denim Denim!
More denim its so cool!
Mold releases the table but not the wood he glued to the table 😅
LEVI'S
Что с русской озвучкой
I’m think it would be funny if off camera you epoxy coated a sock until it was rock hard and tried to see how many times you could put it in the video without people noticing
Кем, ты мастер своего дела, делай то что считаешь лучшим, мне нравиться всё что ты делаешь, 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍💪💪💪💪💪💪🤝
Jeans ;) I'm watching your second video on the jeans table - this project is good! But the picture is really psychedelic, I would prefer it to be more like a tree picture or some other more regular ornament. But everything looks very cool! Thank you)))
Oh look at a fun idea for a table top design.  ❤❤ 🎉🎉 😍😍  https://youtube.com/shorts/3u5XTPsA8CU?si=o_0zfoQ5UwyXcFmF
A very fun interesting look. A good idea executed with great finish. You have officially gone from craftsmanship to quite artsy. Growth spurt, methinks.
Це один з найкращих столів що я бачив👍👍👍  Супер крута робота.  Великий респект автору🔥👍.  Просто красава💪.
30:34 Да, блин, ты Мэттью Макконахи (Matthew McConaughey) на минимальных 🤣
на этот стол хочется присесть!
Correcto nadie me quiere por eso estoy aquí viendo tus vídeos 📹
The table looks  great. I believe it is one of your better Attempts with denim   Where or how can I buy the Nano ?
Мастерская нормальная а вот мастер так себе!
теперь когда набил руку можно сделать стол дамаск из джинсов в виде карты
Mi opinión muy sincera es el video más interesante con una enseñanza que anima y Despierta las ganas de inventar también así nacen y quedan las mejores ideas el taller y las herramientas es impresionante muchas bendiciones y sigas mejorando sus proyectos desde Venezuela lo admiramos
Джинсы!
Добрая зависть)
Получаемый материал из ткани и эпоксидной смолы называется микарта, использовался еще лет 60 назад для изготовления рукояток ножей, инструментов и различных поделок
Denim for sure👍
I’m so here for the DENIM!! Or any other materials, that’s what makes your channel unique.
You should DEFINITELY do a collaboration with Fire Ball Tools. You guys are fairly close to each other. I know he's a metal worker but im 100% you guys could create something amazing.👍
I’m a little late to the party,but…more denim!
Do another with a pattern underneath in the vacuum press
Im getting the n3 nano to put on all my bluejeans.
So I have watched so many of your videos & this was the first time that I heard you swear. When you were referring to the IKEA F"ing screws, I almost spit... SO Appropriate .. I could not agree more !!!
More Danem projects
Boss second table looks like luxury
Eres el mejor!!!... HERMOSO TRABAJO HAS HECHO MI AMIGO. 😉
Denim, How much for a round Denim kichen table? Also, I like rounded corners over sharp.
Ёпт, переводчик стал хуже только на 4 минуте, я реально думал, что это русский мужик делает это всё, настолько переводчик был хорошим
기가막히게 멋진 작품. 프레임이 검정색이면 더 멋있을거 같은 느낌이다.
O tampo ficou muito bonito e chamativo, a base ficou muito simplório não chamando tanto a atenção pra mesa, aquelas bases de ferro na minha opinião combinaria melhor 💪💪💪💪💪
Странно что на русском.
Denim 💯
дуб жёлтый, джинсы синие,не сочетается.  было бы лучше дуб заморить в голубой цвет
I love this! I wear jeans every day during fall and winter, and I don't have many other types of pants in my closet.  I would love to own this! It's really cool 😎 spectacular 🤩
mas dennim
You could make a topographical  map out of denim. You could have someone  router the base on an x-y-z cnc table,then layer the denim on top.
😮😮😮😮😮
04:11 Cara, eu assisto seus video trabalhando criando minhas artes de Designer de Artista e Eventos, não assisto para aprender a ser marceneiro. kkk..🤣😂 jeans...
¡¡¡ BEAUTYFULL!!!
Делайте столы ( и не только столы ) со словами из Библии и из Корана, верующим в Бога это понравится. Можно делать вещи на заказ, какие слова  из Священных Книг захочет заказчик, те и делайте.   Бог
日本語の自動翻訳？で見ています。微妙に口が悪いところが笑えて楽しい動画だと感じました。もちろん、動画のクオリティもいいと思います。
Interesante saber para que sirve esa luz ultra violeta...
Segundo video que pillo y me encantó. Que hermosa mesa, aunque me gustó mas el escritorio que le obsequio al tapicero en el primer video que pille. Gracias por compartir tu arte 🙏♥️
thats crazy, keep it up man  looks super dope !!
Denim. Te quedo genial, todos queremos que sigas explorando en nuevas tecnicas
When it came out of the planer and then you put the table top epoxy on I had this huge smile on my face! So cool!
Приятно видеть людей, увлеченных своим делом. Здоровья и успеха во всём !
¡Que cara por dios! Asusta... estás para una película de terror... 😆😆😆
Textolite made of denim. It's just fire. But the table can twist over time due to moisture. Cotton fabric will absorb it. Textolite brand PT is not the best option for a table.
Excelente 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
I wasn’t sure exactly how a “Denim Damascus” could even resemble real steel….but you nailed it and im impressed. Great job and this video was the first time I seen your channel and it made me a subscriber. So from a Metal Fabricator to a Wood Worker Great Job and Great work 👍💪💯
I’m here for the denim.  I wish you would have had someone photograph this. I would so buy a print of this. It’s trippy, but beautiful.
Gotta agree with Scott, the roundover was a touch too much
чёт я не совсем понял, Ютуб научился переводить звук в видео??
21:07 черепашка нинзя
You should coin the term “Jeanode” for these tabletops… the pattern reminds me of geode rocks.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Denim!
Какой же ублюдочный перевод !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Столешница хорошая, но подстолье некрасивое, я бы сделал ножки потолще и крест-накрест.
👍👍👍
Откуда у него на это деньги????
What is clear from this video is that he is the type of person who hates having his words and actions pointed out.
La verdad que tus videos son una maravilla vi este hasta el final y el escritorio de patas de cuero, uno mejor que el otro.   Perdona que te escriba en castellano, pero no soy bueno en el ingles.   Haces unos trabajos excelentes y muy bonitos.  En estos momentos estoy pasando una mala situación personal (el fallecimiento de mi padre) y estoy en un país con una economía desastrosa, lo único que puedo aportarte es decirte que tu trabajo es asombroso y que no escuches las criticas, la mayoría de ellas deben ser por envidia.   Consulta y se que no es al mismo tamaño pero ¿no te convendría hacer un recipiente de acrílico para poner la mezclilla y después vertirle la resina?   Solo a base de sugerencia, aunque el profesional eres tu.   Sigue adelante
картинка неплохая, идея у видео крутая, но какой же отвратительный звук, есть ощущение как будто англоязычные каналы соревнуются у кого русский TTS будет хуже. а ведь раньше переводов подобных видео занимались энтузиасты, которым действительно нравилось что они смотрят, и их переводы сделанные абсолютно бесплатно звучали в разы лучше, чем перевод этого видео
Джинсы
Господи, что за перевод??? Это же ужас просто, слушать невозможно. Автор, ты глуп, или не являешься таковым?
That's cool - should be a trippy addition to some home's interiors
Правда никому не нравится😂😂😂
Как же режит ухо закадровый голос
Hello. Tell me, where can I buy such a vise? , time 13:43
Офигенно! 👍
Интересно, кто переводчик и кто озвучивает текст? Деним это джинс, и не дЕним, а денИм.
Это лучшее из того что я видел! Супер. Я в неописуемом восторге. Восхищаюсь вашим трудом. Great job😊. Nice Idea, beautiful artwork.
MORE JEANS, PLEASE! FROM BRAZIL AND DEUTCHLAND!!!!
Ита щидевар
$15,000 for that table? Thats funny.
👍👍👍
Wwwwwaww. Eres. Increíble. .
Est-ce que c'est traduit automatiquement ? ou par une vrai personne ? Je connais rien, dans toutes les choses manuels qui existe. Mais je trouve ca tres intéressant et le narrateur est vraiment cool :) Is it automatically translated? or by a real person? I know nothing about all the manual things that exist. But I find it very interesting and the narrator is really cool :).
что за перевод?) это автор залил звуковые дорожки?
I know you're joking but addressing the pedants, trolls and haters only makes you look foolish and thin skinned. Which is ironic because you talk a lot about how people these days are too sensitive. In my experience the thinnest skinned most sensitive people are usually the ones crying about cancel culture and how everyone is too sensitive. Comes across as projection. Just ignore the useless comments. Your videos will be better for it.
Вы сссссууупппеееррррр, будьте осторожны с инструментом))!
Hello, my question is: How many kilos or liters of epoxy resin are used to make a table like this??? The videos are spectacular, keep it up
Восхитительно !!! Magnifique 👌👏👏👏👏🤝🇫🇷
Перевод на русский не нужен, нейросеть яндекса делает это на лету намного лучше. И он так же многоголосый.  Зачем лишний труд?
Джинсы
За один перевод на русский уже достойно подписки😂
the elusive jable
Seems like a really bad idea ! Lot of work to end up with something that looks like a plastic printed table. Be interested to know how much you can sell this **** for. I guess it's engagement farming but comes across a bit like those people who throw a sequence of random foodstuffs together on TikTok and say "delicious" at the end. Personally I'd stick to wood where you have a natural aesthetic appreciation , and maybe "branch out" into walnuts, pine needles, leaves, pine cones, coconuts etc. Could maybe throw in a few stones or would that ruin your gear?
the german audio translation is horrible
me gustativa que tomaras un pedazo ver que tan residente es de lo que cortaste
I can’t be the only person that sees Johnny sins here ??
Super Dope! It's like Ol'  Oregon glass.This is off the hook.
Felicidades por tu canal llevo dossemanas viendo tus videos de mesas de roble y las de mezclilla.Cabavez las haces mejor y mas hermosas.No i tente ser perfecto 100%,la perfeccion total,no existe,pues son hechas a mano y no estan mecanizadas,es hay donde esta la belleza,cada una es unica,aunque la fabrique el mismo profesional,al igual que cada uno de nosotos,ni las huellas dactilares son iguales.Aque no quieres a tu esposa por ser perfecta,nino mas bien por todas sus diferencias,eso es la que lo hace especial para ti.Recibe un saludo,y sigue mejorando,es hay donde na e la profesionalidad.
Denim so cool, it's very interesting
It looks so cool. I love it! I wear a lot of denim and I just love the raw texture and durability of it when you live in it. Its got an earthy feel to it, seeing that it is made mostly from cotton.
джинсы! Это потрясающе!
デニム大好きです👍 もっと見たいです！ 日本人より❤
Cool !
Отвратный перевод.
Whatever you do, don't look up "Vacuum Bagging" in the urban dictionary 😂
Ипезодично!!!
Ну русский язык у тебя прям 👎
джинсы
Научись делать  ножки для стола, а то стол получается  красивый, а ножки  как  просто палки дешёвые.
Great work sir 🎉
Ну это очень шикарно смотрится. Никогда такую тему не видел, вообще зашла)))  Спасибо за ролик, лайк, подписка))
Sehr gute gemacht! Gerne weitere Projekte!
Джинс !! круто !
Красиво. У меня был нож с подобной ручкой
Gay women probably love this table.  Gay men not so much as they have a better sense of style.
I'm into pocket knives and a lot of them come with denim micarta handles nowadays. Perhaps looking up 'how to finish denim micarta' will give you more info than searching 'how to finish denim tables'. I'm no scientist but I think layers of textile soaked in resin is the definiton of micarta.
I think the base should be made of an interesting gray color or something like aluminum
Уже посмотрел много ваших  видео. В данном видео всё на высшем уровне, но у меня есть приложение Вам нового проекта: А что если использовать дэним и блоки благородных деревьев, типа орех. Цвета желательно применить более темные у денима, а у дерева немного более светлый оттенок!? Я думаю будет очень круто выглядеть!
Jeans! Very cool bro!
Что-то оригинальное.....а то все столы залитые эпоксидкой в ютубе=), надо будет попробовать повторить ваш способ, на табуретке=)Спасибо за видео, с джинсой прикольно.
Honestly, that is beautiful.  The choice of wood is nice . But , I think to get more money on this, I'd beef up the wood body on this it looks cheap to me. It wouldn't be something that you would want to move around much. . I hate to even say this . I really like you work. Polished steel sides with holes and wood in between wrapped in jeans . Fetch even higher price tag. Look more sturdy. Open front 8 inch cross member in back connected to the side pieces.  Like Jonny builds table out of news paper.  As always great content!
Your creativity makes your work very interesting.
Definitely more denim. Great job! Your passion shows on every piece. Stay humble.
Felicitaciones, hermoso trabajo !!!
Denim How about a PU foam core wrapped in stretch denim and vacuum infused with epoxy.  Only one (or maybe two if you like) layers of cloth but the result would be as tough as a surf board.
That coarse yowling noise at 3:35 sounds like a bearing running dry at end of life.
"nobody likes you because you point out what real damsacus is!" Geeez, i thought he was gonna say thanks for pointing it what, but we know the difference between pattern welding and damascus steel..why bot just be nice and polite? sorry, that's so pretentious and even aggressive..   people point it out because it also has a very important historical context in steel production throughout history.. Damascus is a city first of all, and what people are referring to is Wootz steel..the first molten steel in crucibles and the first originated in india and some around middle east, Damascus was the city of great trade and the term was interchangeable of wootz steel and as is now damascus and particularly pattern welding technique. Pattern welding exist even before the roman age.  So there, hate me, nobody likes me, buhu, i like weapon history and metallurgy and not misconceptions..sue me  And most people DON'T know and are even ripped off by inauthentic products.
заебок!
Simply awesome!
Видео с аудиодорожкой на всех языках (английский, испанский, итальянский). Впервые вижу такое. Нейросеть озвучила?
bah.  du jean et du ctp ;;;   quel est le montant de la facture ?
The KI translation is just crap. And it's not to bad when people tell you the right name of some things.
Si con 7/8 de pulgada es mucho con el router y para mí gustosin denim...
I like the corners with the multi ply look. The corners you didn't like so much. 🤣🤣 I like the whitish look of the patterns of the shape shifters, the other bluish ones seem to throw off the look, and I was thinking, if there was a way to get the last layer on top thicker so all of them match the planing height would be awesome. I think, making one of these with the world map, would also be awesome!
C'est dommage de faire une traduction en français et de ne pas parler en mesures métriques.
Здравствуйте. Во многих роликах упоминается слово "денима"-что это?
To avoid the fluffy effect you should try to leave the denim soaked overnight. Apply the epoxy with the roller, you only apply the epoxy superficially. For info: the "jean denim" is the name of the designer Jean and the city from which he immigrated from Nime, a French city :)
здравствуйте, какой исскуственный интеллект был использован для озвучки?
В джинсах.Юмор поражает в мелочах. Что не так с этой пластикой груди😂 😂😂.  Фестул реально стоит, как первая машина 😅
Denim
Hi, I'm interested in your opinion. I want to create tabletops using epoxy resin and gypsum. First, I'll print a mold on a 3D printer with patterns or solid figures around the entire diameter of the tabletop. Then, I'll pour gypsum into the mold to easily reproduce the same design in the future. After that, I plan to cast the gypsum in epoxy resin to produce the tabletops. Sorry if it's a bit difficult to explain in a non-native language. Thank you in advance!
Лихой Топоръ высказал бы тебе фи за такое подстолье
Джинсы!!!
jeans
Джинсы.Очень красивая столешница.
Lois sin duda
What a boring video. Morover french translation is horrible it seems that has been commented by a droïd ! What a pity !! :o(( It would be usefull if you recycled recovery denim witch is  available in large quantities, otherwise it remains one more waste. Do you know that textiles industies are of the biggest polluters ? Our planet do not need that !!!  :o( / ! \ Now, think clean please !!! ;o)
Какую хрень несёт
Восторг!
Demin
It's better to be precise, as opposed to having more soft ball players.
increible desperdicio de materiales.... muy USA  ...dislike
орехи , зерна , шишки !!!
Great job 👍 I think it's actually so different than anything I've seen before but I like it! I would like to see more.
Ноги стола пофутурустичнее сделай а
Куда и когда делись фанерные узоро-формирователи? Как обрабатывалась нижняя сторона столешницы?
На самом деле хорошая работа Кэм! Я бы поставил такой у себя дома.
Denim.... damn that looks good 🙂
Vc tá tentou fazer uma messa utilizando a madeira pau Brasil uma madeira de cor vermelha
Denim, love it.
Просто огорь👍👍👍
Denim or no denim?) какая разница, если это творчество, искусство. Если ты отдал часть себя в это произведение, даже кусок угля будет приносить восторг. Самое главное не вкладывать в эту вещь цель коммерции. Думать так: деньги- это просто бонус,к той жизни, что я подарил этим материалам)  Кстати вот идея, столешница из слоев стекла. Не как мы привыкли горизонтально, а вертикально. Пусть это будут разные размеры и цвета. Только не так много и вычурно как фреска, а лаконично, как стиль лофт( темные тона, бетон, металл и стекло). Удачи)
Восторг!!!
Подстолье абсолютно сюда не подходит, во первых очень дешевит столешницу, а во вторых, не сочетается по цвету.
Столы из де ри ма
CON DENIMMMMM, DIVINO, DIVINO  DIVIIIINO, me van a echar, no estoy trabajando por ver sus videos
Это очень красиво! Не думал что можно сделать стол из джинсовой ткани)
В конце видео я понял откуда я знаю тебя……..похож на фантомаса из старого французского фильма. Это ирония, без обид
хуета
Почему не по русски? Ярды,хуярды,фунты мунты что за хрень? Ты же в россии!
лютый перевод
Denium ITS SUPER COOL !
Переводчик закончил 3 класса церковно приходской? 😂😂😂 Или просто не волочет в терминах....
Denim
Кстати хорошая идея для следующего проекта, вместо хаотичных кусков дерева так же выложить карту мира
Denim. Absolute cracker!
Magnifique👌👌👍👍
Денима звучит как дерьма😂
Jeans 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
👍🏻🇧🇷
ficou muito bom, parabéns
Realmente increible amigo, excelente arte, hasta donde puede llegar tu imaginacion y llevarlo a la practica, increibleeeee, te felicito. saludos desde Buenos Aires - Argentina.
озвучка с помощью нейросети?
Elle est sublime cette table. Bravo l’artiste.
❤️👏👏👏👏👏👏👏✊
Idée originale , très beau résultat et le commentaire vraiment amusant .Merci
Супер очень красиво получилось
Я тоже сваи картины дарю почти все  один процент просто покупают по дешовке
Здравствуйте. Простите, что не обращаюсь по имени, не уверена, что напишу его правильно) Недавно нашла вас в рекомендациях и теперь смотрю ваши видео, все подряд, и мне очень нравится. Я люблю смотреть видео, где люди создают что то, это прекрасно! Это достойно уважения! Мне нравится все, что вы создаете, что то больше, что то меньше, это нормально, но сам процесс захватывает, особенно когда все сдобрено шутками. Я очень надеюсь ещё долго наслаждаться вашим творчеством. Желаю вам много интересных проектов и обеспеченных клиентов!) Это важно!) Спасибо вам за ваш труд.
джинсы!!!
Denim, we’’re watching from Missouri.  Simply a beautiful table.
,con demin
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Однозначно джинсы! Думаю Вам надо развивать это направление! Сама столешница выглядит круто,а основа не совсем понравилась. Понимаю,на вкус и цвет , товарища нет. Это лишь моё мнение и мой вкус. Думаю основа в тёмно-синего цвета,придала бы шарм этому столу))))))
Джинсы или без джинсов ❤
Конечно с джинсами)
Джинсы. Хватит себя критиковать, у вас все хорошо получается.
Большой молодец. Не слушай хейтеров всё круто...
После прогона стола через большой рейсмус, когда показался первый дамасский рисунок - появилось ощущение что рисунок будет шикарным. Но когда увидел финальный результат - испытал огромнейшее восхищение. Автору уважение за этот эксперимент, если сложить ткань случайными складками и после откалибровать будет ли рисунок интереснее или более страшным?
Добрый день. Ваши работы из Денима очень красивые. Попробуйте сделать верхний слой с японской вышивкой Сашико. Удачи вам в ваших проэктах!
Y ese trabajo de mezclilla, quiero verlo terminado,
Lo bi asta el final la mesa con el plomo me gustó mucho, para mí es la mejor pieza de madera aunque los tres trabajos estuvieron geniales muy bueno.-
Denim, voce é um cientista, gostei demais, continue, sonho em um dia ter uma mesa dessas que voce faz
In my opinion, this is exactly the tone in the video.
Привет из солнечной России! У нас все хорошо. На западные санкции нам наплевать, играем на балалайках, пьем водку и катаемся на медведях. Стол шикарный, проделана огромная работа. Ты получил бесценный опыт работы с джинсами. Надеюсь он тебе пригодится. Удачи в работе, не бойся эксперементировать.
Хорошо, ты мастер своего дела. Удачи!
Здравия! Случайно попался ролик в ленте и пока смотрел, в голове возникла идея.... (ты просил идеи в коментариях... 😊) а если этот материал с эпоксидкой сворачивать в рулон, местами подкладывать деревянные или из такой же ткани вставки, имитируя сучки. В моей голове это должно получится что то похожее на ствол дерева с годовыми кольцами и сучками. Можно даже скомкать ткань и добавить отдельно на ствол имитируя кап. Далее после высыхания распустить этот ствол на доски а из досок соорудить столешницу.... Я думаю так будет более приближено к настоящему дереву! Буду в восторге если моя идея появится у тебя на канале! Я ПОДПИСАЛСЯ! 😅
Well, there was no Javascript in this video. So YouTube is probably thinking that I had enough of those. 😅
I have a feeling that a very dark blue wood base matching the darkest denims areas would look incredible for this project. Either way, incredible result 😌
Jean’s !
Отличноя робота
и для чего это нужно ? идиотизм !
ha sido increible me imagine haciendo con las formas de los continentes
Красные джинсы 👖
Хорошая озвучка.
С джинсами!  Брат, бы просто волшебник! Такие шедевры делаешь!  Респект!
Это лучший стол что я видел❤
o áudio parece de um radico comunicador
perfect😍👍
Метью Макконахи это ты?
Très beau magnifique sublime merci ❤
Вы фантастический мастер,это чудо, что Вы творите👏👏👏👍❤
Маршрутизатор))
Os pés  ficaram muito feios . O jeans ficou lindo
вау! это невероятно круто!!!
¿"Mezclilla"'?
Столешница это шедевр, а вот каркас стола это полный отстой, если вы делаете такую столешницу которая может быть одна во всём мире и делать такой каркас для произведения искусства, то это можно считать дурным тоном.Пардон
Переборщил с углом
классно, огонь, супер, пушка-бомба
Столешница выглядит обалденно, а вот белые ножки мне не нравятся. Вариант с кожаными ножками был круче.
Вы очень требовательны к себе. Получилось произведение искусства!
Тут какая-то ошибка. Почему у него 10 пальцев?
I love your work bro ❤
Would you ever make Dice out of denim? You should be able to get a lot of test pieces done a lot faster because dice are small, and maybe try out some other techniques in the future?
Jeans muito bom
FANFARRÓN !!!!!!
Muito Top. Adorei, Parabéns
С джинсами ...
Muito bom seu trabalho! Simplesmente incrível. Sucesso!!!
I think you have really done a great job .learnt a lot . I do however think thanta darker leg structure maybe from steel or even stainless steel from the middel of the table outwards might have blended better with the darker theme of the denim .. just a thought. but really well done
Denim. That table looks incredible. I believe you were successful in making a Damascus look. Love it
Denim looks great, but I think there are many cheaper ang more goodlooking materials you could use for a project like this. For example some old wool carpet above a wood construction. You can also use a pressed blocks of jeans like they are pressed for transportation for resale or refactoring. The look will less predictable but it can also be a good surprise. .
Джинсы
Однозначно деним это круто👍
sos un genio!!
А можно листья зеленые
Джинсы
Ахуенно! Вот мой коммент Бро!
А что если наслоить прозрачные материалы таким же образом, чередуя с полупрозрачными зеркальными плёнками, чтоб подобным образом на искривлённую поверхность ложились, например, листы мягкой смолы или каких-то смол с разным коэффициентом преломления, если это возможно.
Прикольно!) Но думаю тёмную джинсовую ткань надо заменить на чуть более светлую.
Отличный стол... Джинсы.. Оригинальная идея!
Джинсы, табурет... К столу
textolite
Very good 👍
Nic veriy veriy nic boro 🤗😇
Viejo exelente   sencillamente buen gusto, saludos desde Venezuela
Отличная идея! Но! Ну блин, ты ведь столяр, посмотри! Посмотри на дерево, как оно выглядит, неужели так как эти нелепые острова и сиськи?  Идея текстуры денима, дамаска, дерева (3Д!)) напрочь испорчена фанерными "островами"! Дружище, ты ведь в конце сказал, что у тебя есть идея, как улучшить? Сделай это! Сделай структуру настоящего дерева на тканой основе!))) В этом всё! Верю в тебя! 4.846 из 5
Fabulosa,fabulosa😮
Джинсы
Похоже на тесты Роршаха.
might be able top make a more intricate damascus shapes  by adding scraps of fabric (layed flat on top of eachother ) between each layer  thinking on using denim under resin as the paint layer on a poliester car body basicly going to add a jeans double stitch along the center of the hood to pull in the material to match the curvature of the hood stick and stretch it over the poliester and than add a few layers of resin over it before wetsanding and spraying two pack clearcoat over it , should look pretty cool
Интересная идея, очень понравилась
Жму руку, риспект с Москвы
Смолу-то не забыл дегазировать?
Очень хорошая работа!
Столешница огонь, но подстолье это пиздц какой-то, оно выглядит убого дак ещё и не практично, снизу например, нельзя будет стул спокойно двигать из за доски которая там лежит.
🔝💪🔥🎥👍
Джинсовый стол - огонь!!! Думаю можно выложить какое-то слово или название бренда фанерными проставками снизу и рисунок сделать на заказ))) круто!! БОЛЬШЕ ДЖИНСЫ БООООЛЬШЕ)))))!)!)!!)
Black and White jeans, ficaria lindo. Sou do Brasil, Brasília capital. Vou usar a técnica em uma coronha.
Мастерская по производству мусора =(((
Подстолье ниочём🙈 столешница интересная👍
Denim!  Очень не обычно и красиво
Incrível 😮😮😮😮😮❤❤❤
худшее случится с тобой, абсолютно пофиг, не дамаск это, без реабилитации
Сделай деним дамаск карту мира
Для раскрытия потенциала узора за этим столом нужно сидеть во время переутомления 🤣
Hermoso un trabajo muy lindo. Saludos para Scott
I do woodturning, like pens and whatnot. Is there any chance you still have those denim cutoffs from the edges? I'd love to make some pens out of that material
perfecto pela!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqLVAo3-Xho
Джинсы! Конечно джинсы! Браво мастер🎉
Denim....  looks great
Mdr cest quoi le denim?
Отвратительный перевод
👍👍👍👍
Очень красиво! Молодец!
DENIM!!!
Красота
Красота
me encantaron las mesas, excelentes trabajos muy originales
Hello! What if you make the entire table from denim, including the legs))
SUPER
Espectacular
Это супер👍👍👍 я вообще раньше такого не видела. Джинса в смоле, это что то, у меня нет слов....
Круто!
СУПЕР!!!
Сначала тестируй на бруске верный радиус свала вниз. Затем тестируй радиус поворота с длины на ширину. Потом по шаблону обкатывай столешницу. И будет тебе идеальное скругление и свал! Удачи😊
Espectacular que puedo decir
Utilisez le système métrique plutôt que le système impérial. C’est beaucoup plus simple pour tout le monde.
Muito top, 👏👏👏
Micarta?
15к зелени, не хило для стола😂
Gsotei da mesa, mas acho que um pé normal ficaria ma. Tipo pés brancos ou em madeira escura puxado para o preto.  Ou até mesmo cromados.
Magnífico.
É uma obra de arte moderna, ao mesmo tempo que é vintage. Eu amei.
Очень круто!
В русскоязысном сегменте динема - называется микартой. Это более точный термин, вытекающий не из слоёной стали "ди" (ди-два, не-отрицание, ма-металлы), микарта де означает ткань в эпоксидке.
В жизни можно бесконечно смотреть на 4 жизненных обстоятельства . на огонь  на воду . когда тебе выдают зарплату или дают деньги  ну и конечно когда кто то работает !!!!!
amazing work
На мой вкус нависание столешницы над основанием хотя-бы на 25 мм. было-бы интересней. Но сколько людей, столько и мнений. А в целом - стол замечательный!
https://youtu.be/F4rWtXY1EQY?si=WHNUPT-0zexVI8RJ
Привет всем
Привет Америка
Denim denim and more denim
Saludos de El Salvador  Como cuanto cuesta un trabajo tan genial como ese3
🤩😍🤩😍🤩😍🤩😍🤩😍💯💯💯💯👌👌👌👌👌👌👌💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
Подстолье не очень понравилось.
Uma mesa de 🎱
Джинсы  Только в России мужчины столь перфекционистичны. Ну куда ещё лучше то и так гениально ❤😂
❤❤❤
И без инстремента на коленке
Ты на балконем0инам6 реализуй это  Ты на болконе 150на70иреализуй потом хвались        Як як не
надо испытать на пуленепробиваемость столешницу с мэдом карики с канала разрушительное ранчо.
Супер получилось 👍😃
Привет! Хоть я и не фанат минимализма, но  столешница впечатляющая! Вот тебе идея для размышления:  Круглая столешница со свисающим волнистым краем (как скатерть), на массивной ноге. Удачи в начинаниях и пусть твоя смола никогда не выходит из берегов! 😅
без дж
Что не так с переводом? Почему ударения не правильные? Нейронка переводила?
Класс❤ ❤❤❤
Джинсы класс!!! Я считаю, что слишком большое скругление, Скотт был прав 26:16
Haters in your places!
Стол интересный.Не знаю, насколько он полезен для здоровья (эпоксидка бывает ядовитой), и насколько он практичен (эпоксидка сравнительно мягкая). Что можно,и что нельзя делатьна таком столе - обедать, мастерить - или он будет стоять для мебели, как картина, только не на стене, а на полу? Вы этим зарабатываете на бутерброд. Еще - и это видно - вам нравится эта работа- у вас есть время, есть оборудование, есть инструмент и есть желание. Хорошо, на даннный момент вы нашли свою нишу, вы в домике нирваны.  Когда придет время, и св.Пётр ТАМ спросит вас - "а что вы сделали в своей жизни?" - вы уверенно ответите, что жили в удовольствие, что сделали много столов для Ганса, Фридриха, Отто и еще и еще, на радость себе и им. Маленький совет - когда еще будете наводить фрезером радиусы на крошечные детальки - привинтите их по несколько разом шурупами за низ к удобной общей доске - пальцы будут целее.
Es hermosa la mesa sin dudas un lindo trabajo. Quiero ver cuando tengas mejor desarrollada la tecnica
Denim! This is shocking 🎉 beautiful job and fantastic achievement.... Dear Santa.....😅
Я думал слово "denim" – это наречие )))
Beautiful work!!!!!!
Ninguno sabe nada... el Damasco es el Albaricoque... fin.
Eres genial ! Ademas muy guapo...😊
Felicitaciones! Eres un profesional perfecto por los detalles, maravillosas obras de arte... Saludos de Santiago de Chile.😊
wonderfull
👍👍👍👍 отличные столы. Красавчик, успехов тебе в твоём ремесле. Лайк 👍👍👍 и подписка 📩
а просто лять назывть джинсовой тканью ни как да епта ппц перевод гавно редкостное!
Джинсы
water buffalo can't score
Привет, почему бы не сделать стол, который перевернув получишь бильярдный  стол? а фмксировать стол можно с помощью мощными магнитами к основанию.
Denim. More content please
Desde Chile, muy lindo mueble, a mi juicio se logró el efecto patrón de Damasco y de beta de madera, felicitaciones! 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Очень круто и качественно сделано👍
Feo 😂
Denim fibers are thinner than epoxy molecules, so they stay dry and velvety.
Мне страшно смотреть как из ваших рук вылетают заготовки 🙈
With Denin! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 You are an artist!!! ✌🏻🇧🇷
Parabens ao youtube pela tradução via AI. Ficou perfeito.
Супер!!!! Спасибо большое, что делитесь процессом изготовления таких прекрасных вещей!
❤
Hats off for ur efforts ...
i dont kwow if this is some kind of ecologycal design
Denim
I'm not a wood worker. I'll never be one. However I do enjoy watching these vids just for the pure crafting. Given the nature of what I do it can be easy to see why.
Idea is fabulous 👏👏. Very impressive work👌🙏.
Do u need a morbid, sarcastic apprentice?
I wonder if you could get a big roll of denim, infuse the whole thing with epoxy, wrap it up real tight and break it down into planks like a log and make a table that way
Denim….Very cool love to see more 👍
it’s an incredible table but that base is so ugly in comparison. If you had made a more unique base i’m sure it would’ve sold for the 15,000 you’ve listed it at.
2:05 has me laughing hard
First time watching your channel and watched until the end.  :-D  I think the denim table looks really nice.  I'd watch more.   How about red to brown layers?
Luv this. Luv your experimenting
Was informative cause to but a large mold they are expensive
Denim or other fabrics would be interesting. That light wood finish looks good with the medium tones of blue.
You should've added carbon fiber
DENIM!!! Recently found your channel and cant get enough! Simple, easily "entertained" and absolutly LOVE the bit on "correting people"... demascus, femascus! Laughed out loud!
Im far from being a denim epoxy table expert but I am a sewing expert and it might be down to the dressing used in fabric production that will resist any dyes or liquids like epoxy. The dressing is used to keep the fabric stiff and easy to handle, cut, roll etc. Washing it will remove it but also make it slightly harder to handle as it won’t keep its shape as much, it may also shrink or distort the fabric but not by a huge margin. Hope this helps!
Simply gorgeous.
Absolutely gorgeous!
Denim. I like the pattern of this table, but I prefer the glass smooth polished look of the first denim table. While the White Oak base is nice I think you overshot, it is too understated for a high-end table. Yes, I prefer the Y shaped legs of the first denim table whether wrapped in leather(pretty great looking) or beautiful natural wood.
Denim. Please more
Denim. Gorgeous
Super cool concept I’m going to try a Damascus denim cutting board. I’ve loved your videos for years and you have greatly inspired my love for woodworking. Thanks!
Denim. I am always for the use wierd/exotic materials
Denim…. Loved to watch it made. Use no wood 🪵 a complete Denim table 😗
❤ your work
I'm sure someone has answered this already  Because the plywood was high spots they basically just drained.
On all your denim projects going forward you should inset a "leather patch" like jeans have. It would have your logo and date maybe. Not necessarily out of leather but you get the idea. Great job!
Looks way better than i thought a denim table could
This idea of the demascus denim is actually so cool but I keep looking at the contrast colors and thinking “what if that glowed in the dark” and now I feel like it’s not a want but a need😂
I’m not an epoxy expert but the reason it gets fuzzy after being cut is because it’s still fabric in the end. Sure it may be infused or coated in epoxy but it’s almost the same as putting a pizza in epoxy, cutting into it, and noticing it’s still kinda food textured. The only way I see that problem being resolved would be not sanding it to allow the top layer to stay in tact and glossy/glassy
Have you ever tried using an air compressor to pop the table out of the mold? The fuzziness is basically the fibers flexing and breaking the epoxy leaving that hazy look. Of course this is pure speculation but made sense in my mind as the fibers shift and the epoxy breaks but still attached leaving those microscopic infused "snowflakes" if you will. Putting a microscope to it would tell you better what is going on.
@blacktailstudio  definitely denim, it looks fantastic and I appreciate the unique artistic effect that goes with your carpentry skills.   I noticed you mentioned JohnnyBuilds and I have an idea for content if you were interested. It would be really fantastic to watch, maybe a series, collaboration with you, BM Sculptures, Johnny Builds, and John Malecki on a great project. Some thoughts on the idea would be maybe a larger project like maybe a big playscape donation to a local organization like a school for handicapped children or autistic children. You could each work on specific components of the playscape in your respective shops then come together to assemble it and have a big reveal for the kids. Additional idea could be to include some of the children with the builds, teaching them basic carpentry skills and showing them how they definitely can do it even with their challenges.   I would love to see collaboration with you guys, I very much enjoy watching each of your contents. Thanks for considering.
i am painter for houses and allround craftworker...i like such work...did you need a co worker?
😂❤😊 love it a bit to hippy for me but a different pattern could be more ❤❤❤ but super interesting  .
Denim, Incredible table exciting and unique. I can't believe I actually watched you build this table.
It feels pretty cool to see something completely original for the first time - Super awesome work!
Finally. The fabled Denimascus Jable.
Denim, how did you cover the wood pieces on the underside?
Denim: looks great. Have you considered laminating a sheet of (black?) leather to a wood table and polishing it in a similar way to denim?
20:58 as someone who works with fabrics but in the automotive world, im amazed that it doesn’t just clumps up during sanding, so i think just having to recoat it might be a win hahaha
really?
I do not understand  why bro gets so much hate
Denim! Denim! Denim!
Gorgeous
woooow! that looks incredible!
Denim, this is a bond villain table!
DENIM STUNNING!
Folks will rediscover tie-dye someday and call it "damascus coloring"
Your Denim Videos are inspiring other artist :) https://youtu.be/imAEUGIiAQM?si=CrqpWDreZqt--Vrg
Denim
https://youtu.be/VfkswBlkHSY?si=X5wpLAvy5UJsLzIj
DENIM - So you've done resin, denim, and glass.   Now we need a conference room-sized table that brings all of them together in one union.   Denim and resin, with a glass middle.   Waterfall resin on a side! with denim and glass.  Two different inserts with two different colored pieces of glass.  A multi-video affair. Your LoTR trilogy.
Great build
Imagine creating one of these with a company logo underneath or something like that. That would be insane. Good job on the table!
did you get the idea from the guy in the UK who makes the denim shades?
The epoxy I use was bought at hobby lobby. Dont laugh at me, it is the only place around here. It doesnt cure very hard. I only pour very small pieces, though. But does your epoxy cure hard like ABS? What brand do you recommend?
It would be cool to create a table like this, using sculpted shaped pieces of plywood, that would be like a picture in the end. Like a stamp, or a seal. Maybe varying in thickness even. For example; sun set on a beach with palm trees/ clouds.   Or just a nice scroll art design.   If you wanted to be really creative you could calculate different colors to put in the right order to get the desired end result.
I want to see more about this project Denim
@30:33 I'm getting fired, aren't I
I am an artist and I have a sort of Medici group that discusses life and art and craftsmanship and on and on…..   One axiom that emerged over the years from this braintrust was:  “just because you can doesn’t mean you should”.   This applies to so many aspects of living but particularly to our skill level in art.  As we have become more accomplished and capable over time we have also realized that ugly isn’t pretty and it never will be.  No amount of refinement of production can heal these tables.   They are all just plain ugly.  I still love your work.
really reminds me of a counter strike skin called "Blue Ply"
denim more denim content
More Denim :)
Denim:(Levi Strauss & Co. Original) How do you Accept me to always be Wrong ,Who "actually" likes being being wrong....And then You who's obsessed about "looking" and acting right, Steal IP to always be right to everyone.
Denim:(Levi's Original) How do you Accept me to always be Wrong ,Who "actually" likes being being wrong....And then You who's obsessed about "looking" and acting right, Steal IP to always be right to everyone.
22:20  The J.Statham Bald head is more smoother😎....Lol or is it SinSam
13:40 This is why Sponsors are afraid of you....
INSANEEEEEE you are so innovative you would think woood working was some "old" craft but you bring it into a COMPLETLEY new light.
8:17 Interlocking Car B-Pillars for Suicide doors....I still don't understand what's the use structural safety use for divider between 2x doors that don't need a door frame attached to the car. While the edges of both doors can be strengthened for B-Pillars....As the Safety function is archived once only the door is closed.
More denim
my Friend, Please please  Please dont use Gloves around spinning tools. Your Hands are the secound most important Stuff on your body so dont risk them getting entangled. As a carpenter myself i realy dont like working with gloves, but i understand why one might want to use it. BUT as soon as you approach and start working with your Tablesaw, Router,m planer or anglegrinder pls take them off.
Good work dude, I'm from South Africa 🎉🎉🎉
Im surprised your list of 40 didnt include Heroin, like most of the list is also a brand name owned by Dupont  This is true, however im adding it ironically because you obviously dislike such info I do find it weird anyone doesnt like to learn things and would rather continue getting it wrong for the rest of their lives, but each to their own 👍  I always enjoy sharing anything educational on the internet, and just because _you_ know it, doesnt mean _everyone_ does But thanks anyway, lots of bad things keep happening to me, and now i know who is to blame
I am watching you from the real Damascus ... Hope you look deeply inside Damascus Mosaic for new tables
I just ordered myself a new Miter at work, just so happened to get myself that Bosch..... AMAZING SAW!!!! Freaking love it.
Denim is a religion.  Youve taken it from a material used by contructors to a construction material.
Becareful with the UV expotion
You can't stop the fuzzyness, and it's why knifemakers LOVE denim for handle scales. It's hard and waterproof, but still has grip!  I'm so glad you mentioned that, bc Everytime I see your denim table pop up I wonder what your thought was about the fuzzyness
Denim. interesting idea.. Don't think I've ever seen it being attempted locally where I am.
Denim👍👍👍
Think about it.
15:45 tape the joints
Looks amazing.
DENIM? HELL YES!! I wonder if you made the first 3-4 layers the same colour, if that would help you avoid the weird patchy look in the centre of each shape you ended up sanding by hand? Also, I quite likes the psychedelic look but think it would be better if you had less of those long straight shapes and more shapes with curves and bends like swirls, water drops, paisley patterns or S-like shapes? I was super impressed once you put that top layer of epoxy on as it gave a sneak peak of what the finished product would look like.  Absolutely beautiful!  On a side note, the list of things people shouldn't correct others about was a bit on the nose. I know it can be pretentious but sometimes people just aren't aware of the error they are making as most other people make the same error.  Doesn't mean it is correct and it should be allowed to slide.  I'm a teacher so I'm currently on a mission to address some of these issues with my top priority being how people say the letter 'h'. Not sure if it is just a lazy thing that Aussies do, but people say "haytch" which drives me nuts as it is pronounced "aytch". There are even teachers out there who will argue and refuse to say it correctly. I find that incredibly frustrating as they are then teaching their students to say it incorrectly as well.  That being said, it's your channel so you have every right to tell people to buzz off I they are being annoying. I'll back you up if you help me with my 'h' mission!! 😉 Really looking forward to your next iteration of this project.  Thank you for sharing.
damn man i live in india and i dream that may be one day it would be possible to get at able made from you.and btw u looked like prof. charles xavier while sitting on the chair.(his chair made from wood might be a need idea for a video).
Just caught the "what the fuck did you make now?!" Comment 😂
Denim with orange brown and red
Yes denim.. but in different colors maybe red?
For small pieces, could you screw a single drawer pull into the back as a makeshift handle?
5:35 Cam I have found that I really enjoy those 700+ voice overs.  Also the interaction with Scott or your wife is great.
I think different coloured denim would look awesome in Damascus form you would get so many different shapes popping up
Denim. Keep it up. I would like to see different coloured denims.
Denim.   I've thought about making a Denim iPhone Case after watching your videos.  You've inspired me and I'd love to see so much more.
Denim excellent  how  much  are going  to  sell this table  for
Denim! That table looks sick! In a good way!!
Denim. You do beautiful work and are entertaining. Anyone who critiques it negatively has sadly nothing better to do. What you do takes immense patience and skill and you have more tools than harbor freight holy crap!  It’s always a great feeling when a project comes out beautifully.  Keep it up…from project girl.
This is incredible!!!
looks like a piece of art..
Denim  Looks great  But not my taste
It’s actually micarta.
I think you should use maybe khaki denim and regular Blue denim or just khaki by itself.
denim~ this is def. in my top 5 projects of yours now.  the fit and finish, and the simplicity of the final piece is stellar!
Being technically right is the best kind of right. Very alone tho.
Hi, if you had to strip out the middle, meaning leave a 15cm margin for example, then have , let’s say a quarter of the fabric layered from the bottom, then a wooden square infill, then a quarter of the fabric on top and reverse the pressure of the wood design to come from the top. Do you think you could achieve the same effect? Reason is then you, still have the same effect from the side, save hypothetically 50% of inside cutout which could be used for smaller table number two??
Denim, Table looks great, Like usual. Awesome job sir.
You said you don't like people who leaves comments like that but I thought it is important and you would probably appreciate hearing this from me.  Damascus is the name of the city where this method was created. However, Beside the method of steel fusion, also the steel itself is known as Damascus Steel which is a steel made of iron and carbon which made the Damascus steel unbreakable which the similar combination used by Japanese for crafting swards but Japanese didn't use multiple pieces of steel to create their swards as the Damascus Arabs did.  On the other hand, this city has been known with its textile too, it is called DAMASK.  I hope you will find these information helpful.
I think it would be really cool and unique if you did some sort of epoxy table with submerged metal mixed with wood. This could be so many things but like an example could be something similar to CHEST'ERs metal river table (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTOnhfMXcyg). I think especially like polished metal would look REALLY good.  Also such a fan I have been watching your videos for years and really love your content, you are really amazing!
I either missed it, or it wasn't explained. It took 5 hours to lay all those denim layers. How come epoxy wasn't cured on the first layer when they were working on last ones, before they vacuum pressed it? As well, wat dis happen to those wood inserts? Were they removed by the plained completely off, or did they stay at the bottom?
Denim! Loved this so much that I watched the entire video. Never seen or heard of this but  I admire and have a huge respect for your work.
That table looks like what i can see when i close my eyes and push on them with my fingers
I would be interested to see how bulletproof that tabletop is.  I bet it would stop everything up to like 30-06 Black Tip
Love this video! Quick question for Cam and the community - I'm a long-time subscriber currently researching for a project of my own, and can't find any Melamine sheets longer than 96". How should I approach creating a mold for a longer table??
No matter how saturated you make Micarta, fibers will always break loose. Its a pain, but buffing it does help some.
Excellent video, the comedy is as good as the table!
Naw man the table is awesome. Nice job
Denim Moore, please.😁
DENIM. PLEASE.
Your work is fabulous.
Advice from someone who likes desks, there is no need to keep 2 of the pieces on the base. If you make it without them the extra leg room is appriciated. Still sturdy without them
Dude I swear just want to be an apprenticeship lol😅. #Amazing # genius. Very impressive. Would love to see your tables in lounges, bars and restaurants. Very cool. And ps, Ed Norton in American history x, Dr xavior from x men and hitman the original ps game cover. Dude u look like u been on three tours and came home with a skill and a coping mechanism for ptsd and substance abuse. 😂😂😂😂😂😂 much love man.
The knit pickers forget that they're the ones who need to upgrade their language because things evolve & change & so should they or they become bitter when they get left behind.
I want my KITCHEN COUNTER this!!!😮❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
Young man, you are so very talented!  As a grandmother, for myself, your work brings up such wonderful memories of my father’s woodworking.  Thank you!🥰. Keep being you. Your work speaks for itself.    PS LOVE THE BANTER!!
wow that's something it seems to me you could repurpose old denim or any fabric to do this style table. crazy the number of hours you must have in it. thinking going smaller on the edge and doing a semi round with a hangover might really get this style to pop. thanks for all the effort and experimentation that could have gone bad and cost a fortune.
Denim, denim, denim, denim, dendendenim. I just love watching the whole process, and the results are always spectacular _and_ unexpected.
Denim!  Gorgeous!
Denim. Looks great
Well I found the process entertaining which is enough for me... I am not in the economic demographic to afford your products but really appreciate the craftsmanship as well as the appearance of many of your pieces.  I hope your sales as well as your proceeds from monetizing your content allows you to successfully profit from your efforts.  Great Job, Great content, your walking the walk, as a fantasy league arm chair quarterback I have no room to comment on your technique as I imagine your worse result is better than most of us could produce as our best. Thanks for the content
It gets fuzzy because mass can neither be created or destroyed.
Absolute Denim!!
Denim. Actually have no comment other than just keep building whatever you want to. I’ll never build my own table but I love watching these videos.
Where do you stand on “I could care less.” vs the correct term, “I could NOT care less.”?
If those shapes were formed by the wood you used, I could easily see how you could do a map table, using green and blue material.
Bit of an anti climax with the guys reaction. Real disappointed 😬
This channel is relaxing AND entertaining!
I got greatly inspired by this project.... i definitively have to try it.... you did a very great job on this....
You're super cool!   Nice shop, too 😁.
Artist like you make this planet worth living and to dream. Stay blessed
I’m not a woodworker or denim worker maybe in my next life. I think these tables are pretty cool and definitely a conversation piece so please keep up with the imagination and execution!
I wish I had access to an industrial planer!
Am I allowed to correct people who seemingly don’t know when to use “to, too, two”, “there, they’re, their”, or “your, you’re”?
Love that pattern. Makes me wonder how it'd look in red & black denim.
Levi denim 501 jeans. If I  was going to do a denim and epoxy project. I think the way you purchased the roll of denim is the way to go. I'm really looking forward to taking your Epoxy course.  I want to become comfortable using my tools before I dive into doing epoxy items. I'm definitely going to use the nano N 3 and  Ruby Mono coat finish oil. Appreciate the YouTube videos
Amazing👍👍👍
Denim, Dammit! As I always do, I read a dozen or so comments and quite a few of the replies prior to formulating what I hope is a relevant comment. In my humble, yet accurate opinion, you have created a masterpiece! As a rookie artist and video editor, I really appreciate the production work that went into this video. I've watched some of your videos over the last couple of years and today is a good day to subscribe! Kudos!
denim - new subscriber
20:30 It gets fuzzy because, even though it has epoxy on it, you're still cutting through the material. It's like putting peanut butter on both sides of a piece of bread and cutting through to find the piece of bread still fully intact.
My toxic trait is thinking that i can do it..
Ever put down a sheet of plastic and try end recover the denim dust, then screen it and form it into a piece of epoxy or use it in a river table?    Your creativity is endless.   Sooner or later you’re going to hit on a look that nobody else has.   Color shift in epoxy infused with denim?
Go Beavs!
Extremely tacky
Denim - very cool!
Denim and that table turned out really wonderful!!!
I think this effect is called moire.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moir%C3%A9_pattern Your workshop is  infrigginreal.
"We'll just call that a $4 consumable" "Entertainment not how-to"  Do a workshop on small business finesse 😂
The same person who complained about the use of 'Damascus' probably refers to 'Petroleum Jelly' as 'Vaseline'.
It would be cool to make the legs and frame out of the denim as well.
Невероятное изделие! Одно из лучших, которое я видел! Браво. Большое спасибо за ваши видео и чувство юмора, которым оно насыщено. Перевод от нейросети делает его ржарчным еще больше. Удачи в новых проектах.
Denim
The same table but use a pattern of wood pieces
"Master of woodworking, bringing humor and artistry together! Your creations are awe-inspiring, leaving me in stitches and in awe. The intricate designs make me salivate and admire your craftsmanship. Your signature carvings on table bases truly define your unique style. Keep up the amazing work!"
I did a few jobs for this woman who could be horribly condescending and rude.  Eventually things between us ended, pretty badly too, but prior to that I did a handful of odd jobs for her.  Anyways, she corrected me once because I said sawzall instead of reciprocating saw.  In a very smug way too.  I told her I knew the difference and she said “well then why did you say sawzall??”  I said “oh I don’t know, probably the same reason I say Kleenex instead of tissue or band-aid instead of bandage.”  She didn’t like that response  Incredible build btw!
Denim, and I know you’re kind of the table guy, but have you ever considered making surf/skate boards? Seeing your denim creation at the x games seems pretty cool.
Very very cool. Love it
Denim is awesome!  Great creativity :)
Damascus steel - originated and produced in India. The ingots were then sent to Syria to make swords.
One of the major wins in being an entertainer and not a how-tober: you inspire people to follow their joy 😊
i beieve newspaper and epoxy woul give a good end result
Denim!!!!
Hi Denim! As a textile artist  Fantastic Never Know You Could Use  Denim Like Wood Great Video Great Table
❤❤ denim suits you❤
Denim PLEASE!  Absolutely GORGEOUS!
I love this so much man
I'm new to the subscription of your channel, but have watched your videos for some time now. I just wanted to tell you how much I love your videos, and your work. I have taken so much of your suggestions to make my small projects better. Keep up the amazing work!
Denim.
Is it worth 17k Idont think so 😅😂
Denim “Damascus” table is absolutely gorgeous. I’m all about denim and decorate with denim and red bandana. Thank you for creating this fascinating video. I enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed the original denim and leather legged table project. Please keep the denim projects coming. Very interesting indeed.  TY
Denim tables are very cool, love that you try out new ideas.
Not a fan of the base. It seems a bit plain, which I'm sure is your intention. But the Damascus look is fantastic. I can't help but wonder how other color combinations would look
Denim
you need an asmr channel
13:46 9
DENIM. This is just amazing! Crazy talent.
beautiful!
Denim!
did you get the idea from the guy who makes denim glasses?
💕Love it💕
Denim. It looks  like you are starting a new trend that has so much potential. When you say it's the most durable table you have crafted, are you saying of all or just the Epoxy? This really rocks!
Did the guy who makes denim glasses have any inspiration for you making denim tables?
unsubscribed and disliked.
Denim definitely. Loving these creative used of materials.
Denim!! Looks good.
Denim that is very kool and the vac system worked really well. Have you tried the same sort of concept but with red and black carbon fiber as that is a product that I plan on playing around with once I get through making a few behemoth tables here in Otautahi New Zealand. You have a great channel and a few of us down under watch a fair few of your videos. Our videos are a bit rough around the sedges but hey we are pretty laid back Kiwis.
You need to collab with mosevic eyewear. He does denim glasses and can probably help with the fuzzies.
denim
Denim confetti
For some reason, I want that piece at 3:32 as a bat, ich weiß nicht
I didn’t like the shade (related to people who correct others). Too childish, it’s ridiculous. I was starting to like your content, but after that, I don’t think so anymore.
That's really freaking cool. Me and wood have a hate hate relationship, I can weld, do electrical and plumbing and allot of othet things but I alway end up getting pissed when i work on wood and breaking something. And man your videos make me jealous, you make it look like so much fun.
the "aaand cut" leading into an ad goes crazy
Denim i always like when people feel the unnecessary need to correct the one doing the video.
19:34 "WHAT THA F*CK DI HE MAKE NOW?" 🤣
You need to treat the denim epoxy just l8ke carbon fiber your not using enough epoxy.
Have you ever felt sick from using epoxy? Any advice to avoid?
You should make like a shower pan. Just with some wood to put the mold in so you know it wont leak out and reuse.
Denim
Denim- As an artist, (glass is my medium) I am completely in love with this.  I think this might be one of the coolest things you've done. From making something completely new to everyone (ground breaking). To making something that also looks incredible. You not only made something new, but truly embodied what the meaning of "art" is. You knocked this one out of the park. Kudos, and bravo. I hope to see more crazy/off the wall ideas come to life, on your channel.  THIS is why you're the best wood worker on tiktok. No trends to follow, no "i made this tiktok wood trend", nah. You had a vision, and executed it. I truly wish I didn't have so much going on in life. I would love to have one of these. <3
I have some idea for you. You could make a semi roll of denim so you can get something like natural wood grain at the end. Fill it up with epoxy, and maybe put togeather few different pieces. Just like what you would do with wood. It would be cool to get some denim wood look. Btw, I've been looking for your videos for years now, and I am huge fan of your work. Keep it up coming, and pay less attention to negative comments. Cheers!
Demascus denim.. now thats funny
I heard a 'fan' noise both time you used a UV hardening lap.  Is that to cool the light or to cool the finish?
❤
super cool!!
Denim! I finally subscribed to this channel
Banana Republic makes great winter jeans. Their summer line is way thin really.. your a fantastic artisan. Thank you for sharing your craft.  I continue to enjoy.
cool
Denim; Beautiful, it reminds me of Micarta, laminated linen, it is used a lot in knife and pistol handles and grips. Has that same layered pattern. I love that you push boundaries.  On a different note, i have a dining room table made by an Amish woodworker, and I wanted to protect it with the nano finish, does it come in a satin, no gloss? Thanks in advance, and thank you for very entertaining videos.
I love the contour look. But I think your only touching the surface of what is possible.
Have you or would you ever work with petrified wood?
Wow, Jonny Sins is so talented with wood! In so many ways!
A matching chair would be cool!!
Denim
So regarding the person that corrected you about true Damascus steel & how you & others alike hate him, The philosopher Plato was correct when he said… “no one is hated more than he who speaks the truth”  My god there’s are some wretched people in this world. But for people like myself, (& yes, we’re a hated minority) I say… no one is hated more than those who hate the truth!”
Denim desktop looks awesome such a nice design
I love the denim. As an artist who paints in an abstract style, I NEED a table like that. Plus I just love the different shades of denim
Denim.... And the 'botched augmentation' instead looks like ' googly eyes ' to me. Well done. 🤪
Denim! It looks great. I’d love to have a unique table like that.
More Denim!! No questions, just enjoying watching!! And getting a lot of good info! Thank you!😊
Can I just say…..the first 3 minutes of this episode were comedic GOLD!!!! 😂
Denim - 👍🏼👍🏼 One of the coolest, most innovative and creative projects I've ever seen on YouTube! Please do more. Detailing the epoxy infusion and finishing process would be coo as well! Outstanding job!
Looks so amazing . Love it ❤❤❤
oh ok so when somebody shares knowledge that you maybe think is known of a nuance.... they should have bad things happening to them. wtf is wrong with you today? haha man normally you are a loveable guy but that comment was just mean af.
I personally hate the "I call it this because everybody calls it this even though I know it's wrong because eventually it'll just be a colloquialism and i will actually be correct" argument because something being a colloquialism does not make it correct.
It looks so beautiful. And you are only 1/2 way with it .
you forgot xerox................. and "more!".
I am a random youtube table video watcher and didn't follow you but when I saw the comment that basically supported grooming/mutilating children I wanted to reward your stance by subscribing and liking your video. I'm committed to doing this because it's important to support those who stand for whats right in this world.
Denim more denim
ps kevlar epoxy laminate goes furry too, wet and dry sanding seems to help a bit
Hi, there's a guy in UK who makes denim epoxy sunglasses.   He has his own channel.  He hasn't mentioned furry edges, so maybe he has a solution.
Watching the sanding process reminded me of a Topographical map of the Great Lakes I have hanging in my office.  I also wonder if the end cutoffs would be worth making into a coaster or trivet.
Call it properly what it is,; Micarta.
It's a SUCK SAC. Not a vacuum bag. 😂
Why dont you stain your wood? Also you could try making a denim sandwich.  People like wood but denim looks beter on the grain.  Nice work
"I just want to point out, nobody likes you, and we all hope bad things happen to you" in the same tone lol
Denim table! Fantastic!!
Denim
Denim Denim denim
Re your list:  It's officially OK to use _Escalator_ for the kind of thing in general, as (in a landmark case) they *lost* the trademark by not policing the usage enough.  It set the standard that companies follow today to keep their trademark distinct.   As for _Realtor_ , the Association of Realtors exist to make people think that members are superior and different to mere estate agents, so using it to mean estate agent in general is going to get them especially mad.  And if you do so in a published article, you _will_ get a letter from the lawyers explaining that it's their registered trademark.  Most of the items listed are _genericised trademarks_ , some of which are truly and legally genericised and some are still defended. Denim!
You are talented no doubt but this one is a strong no from me lol.  Love your content.
BEAUTIFUL. Really love this table.
Denim. Light blue and medium blue In stead of the dark or 20 light 20 medium 10 dark if you get the idea.
Favorite denim: Thrift Store Denim
When Vaquforming plastic panels there are often a series of small vent holes drilled into the molds. Might be worth experimenting with to see if it helps or hinders the look you want.
Brilliant. Denim who would have thought of that, looks absolutely fantastic, keep inspiring us wood workers.
@19:37 "What the fuck did he make now" is like the highest level of approval a bro can give.
Black denim, gold accoutrements, and walnut base. Primo!
Denim Haha love the bravado about having the single largest denim and epoxy channel on YouTube
I might have an answer for you on why it gets fuzzy again I’m no expert so don’t quote me on this, but I used to be a conveyor technician and we used a monofilament  belt that used to be coated with a type of urethane and because it’s a woven fabric once you break that coating whether it be liquid urethane or epoxy that holds it all together it cuts into those fabrics and it pops them up kind of like hook and loop. That would be my best guess and I can tell you that I used to have to buf the back of some of these conveyor belts to bond a tracking strip to it, and once that adhesive in the fuzzy was melted into the PVC tracking strip Created a bond like no other you couldn’t rip it off of there without destroying it again, just an opinion, and it might be the reason why it fuzzes up on you. I look at it like woven basket basically, and the weaves are coming apart once you sand them. I have to say this is one awesome build dude I really like it.
Denim. I enjoyed your video. 😊
Using a free form kidney shaped piece of 1/4 inch acrylic or abs could be used as a pusher into the corners around your wood blocks. Pushing it into the lower edges all around each block would give you a greater chance of eliminating any voids in the layers.  Another helpful point would be to put was fillets around your wood blocks making it easier to guarantee less voids in the corners.
If you could get a chance to buy a disc sander it would be safer for a majority of your sanding.  It won't do for your interior radii, but you'll probably have less blocks shooting on the floor 😊
Denim: and as one of the few Demascus denim experts in the world I’m glad you finally discovered vacuum resin infusion
This looks so awesome.  Such a great idea.  And for me denim anything but jeans looks dated and ugly.  fugly if im really honest.
My favorite, a jining table
I think it would look also amazing with steel chromed legs
I subscribed! For 2 reasons. 1. love the work and the channel. 2. I am a doctor. I am getting a small heart attack watching you sand epoxy without a mask. Aren’t you inhaling all of this? How can that be good for you? I don’t want to subscribe and then you quit the channel because you get unwell. Keep it up boss
Really like your channel. Been watching it for the past year (all episodes). I will never be a wood worker (some days I wish I could), but really enjoy watching. Love the video narration, comments, jokes and subtle implied humor.  I am a South African expat out in India (for the past 9 years).  Keep them coming!
ok .. i've seen a lot of river tables etc and few other types, but none of them very original ... I here by rank this the #1 table on  youtube ... awesome work ! and i wanna see more denim :)
This isn't damascus this is micarta damascus is a crucible steel and is called wootz what the laymen calls damascus is actually a pattern welded steel
Cool. I love the abstract look. Ever try leather? Or leather inlay?
wow    just wow
This video was awesome.  I cannot for the life of me undersrand what Scott doesn't like about this table. It is the most awesomest (yep, I made up a word) thing I've ever seen. If I could afford it, I'd love to try it for myself. This thing is friggin amazing. Thanks for the video.
Never thought I’d see someone build a Damascus Jable in my lifetime
This is one of the coolest things I've seen!
Absolutely gorgeous! Thanks so much for sharing ❤ I love that you share all the process (what works and what doesnt) not just the glorious moments 😊 And the results of your creations are *very* glorious! Keep them coming please, greetings from Brazil 😊
I love love love that! It's freaking gorgeous!
I like the first denim table much better 😊
Denim!!!
Denim! Who woulda thot?!❤
denim
Your strongest table huhh? U think it could stop a bullet?
Denim. Just because I want to see what you make next. Blue denim looks good with brass and copper. I wonder what other colour denims would look like too?
A man that dont like to be corrected with facts is a sad little man. Man up and take criticism when criticism is the truth.
Amazing
Denim: Why do you use 150 to 180 grit when sanding? I paint cars and the general rule of thumb is don't go over x2 the grit of the previous. Being "picky" would be like 150 to 220.
more denim
You still think mutilating children's genitals is funny. That is not funny.
Wootz denim.
Beautiful table. Work of art and well crafted.
More ski table builds LOL
Denim please.  Good to see a bit of a break in the norm.   And every now and then, experiment with some crazy stuff.  Avocado pit table, anyone?  No?  Ok, mango pit then.  Alright, I don't know what the hell I'm doing, but you get the idea 😂😂😂
Think of all the backs that would not have broken if they had this table. Literally mountains of backs.
denim!
🔥🔥
Denim fibers are a little stretchy, and epoxy is not. I’d bet that cutting through the denim table produces a soft and fuzzy cut end because the saw is pulling on the embedded fibers and yanking them out a little bit.
I honestly think this looks so sick. I would have that hanging in my house as an art piece. Very cool and inspiring. I’d love to do this too.
Yoooo,  I don't know if anyone else has said this yet... and if you use my idea I want a shout out and 10% cut of the  sales ,😉👌.  You should do another one of these and use shades of green denim and maybe even white and I think you could make it look like malachite and imo that would look even better than the blue denim..... which looks sweet already but for real when I hit the lotto I'm going to want you to make me a green one....
Denim. Heaps more denim projects please!
Denim. My god that was such an amazing final product. Really good example of trusting the process haha
😂you’re really letting the comments get to you buddy
Awesome!❤
Do you think you could ever inlay a channel only like two layers down so LED can shine through it or something like that or maybe a lampshade with the denim that would be tricky I bet but really cool. One of these days I think I'm going to get into some epoxy stuff and you are definitely the inspiration. Ty in salt lake City
Hey my name is Tyler  my most extent of woodworking is making a couple little boxes out of Wooden dowels and stuff I definitely do get a  kick out of doing it though. but what you're doing with this denim and all your other tables I'm just blown away I think it's the most amazing thing I've ever seen, and I absolutely love your comments to the haters keep your mouth shut nobody likes you and you're definitely not going to make the softball team LOL Ty in salt lake City
It is beautiful! Absolutely beautiful!
Japanese denim🤙🏽
Denim. I am from Damascus and I love your work 😍
I have a feeling you are going to get more orders for this type of table!
Wow I think this table is meant for me. By destiny we have some thing in common - breasts. Mine aren't botched or augmented, but still ...
This is pretty stinkin' cool!  But do you ever get woozy from all the epoxy?
so it's like puff pastry but denim
Denim denim denim https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1HtFuc1Z0w
Denim
It looks absolutely gross, my god. It’s a clever idea and interesting concept but dear lord I would prefer cheap plastic table over this
the psychedelicness is the best part!😂❤
The table is very gorgous and uniqye. Would love to have one, o e day.
Its not damascus denim, It is micarta. Consider yourself corrected 👍
Fuck you just ask questions and I am capable of creating so many ideas just from one thing. If you want to make a ... True denim build... Then you yourself must find it. you could lay down strips on top of strips to create intricate patterns when you shave down to a certain layer, you could take all sorts of denim strands and just toss and mix them up on the platform, you could lay different patterns, use different  years, look for that unique thing the only denim can do and only a certain way and you have your true demin what ever form it ends up as.
OH ... what happens when you plain Fiberglass. That's what this reminds me of. Fixing things on snowmobiles and boats, fiberglass. it has similar effect
because when you "enfused" the whole thing you compressed everything, so you basically end up with... how do I put this... Hard on outside, softer on inside, epoxy doesn't really soak into denim but you also have different threads as well. Denim was designed to handle wear and tear, to last. So their isprobably something already in the denim or it's just the nature of denim itself that creates a secondary effect that is only revealed in these situations.
why did you not use a heat gun? make the process easy?
actually I prefer it when it's pointed out. Be specific or just don't speak. Because people die in the difference.
Would you be able to drill a screw into the dot pieces and attach some scrap wood so you can have a handle instead of risking fingers on the router?
Denim! Also. What if you add thin sheets of brass and aluminum between the dark denim?
Don't worry I hate softball lol ... Sorry couldn't help myself 😕😅😊🤔🫣I will shut up now and leave you alone 😂
dude you are gonna have to start charging more for these firsts like this. This is a work of art. This should bring 50k plus imo
30:04 Boobies 😂   Great work 👏
Denim, this was epic!
Denim! great work
I love when you tell people that l owbody cares about their nit picky corrections  and there is zero emotion cha ge in your voice . And it almost sounds like your not gonna tell them ti basically shove it .  Then you kindly tell them to shove it . Well done sir
Denim!  I just found your channel and I'm so glad I did. You're a great host with wonderful projects. I love the flip between teaching and stories, what's happening and your thoughts. Your voice is smooth, the editing is amazing, and the camerawork is above fantastic (kudos to your camera person). Thanks for making these! I'm glad I have such a great backlog to work through!
This is what you get when a vaccinator stumbles into woodworking
Did skil saw make the list
Denim. Dude, this was absolutely stunning
niiice... :D the idea of "if enough people do it wrong, that makes it right?"... i hate people who says stuff like "if you like facts and science, people wont like you and i hope bad  things happen to you"... what the crap is that about ? i normally enjoy your video's... but to say that all metalurgists should experience bad things is so freaking sadistic that i dont know if your even able to understand other people... i understand that you feel okay claiming that pattern welded steel is called damascus steel these days... fair... but to wish harm upon people that would like to have a different term for the different steels is simply just wrong... to make you understand what the difference can be to a knifedealer or cheff... a true wootz damascus knife (cheffs knife size) will run you about 12 - 15.000 USD... and a pattern welded one may run you as low as 1500 usd... if you payed 15 grand for a knife... thinking it was true damascus... and you got parkistani tin can damascus knives... you would be pissed... but hey... your tables might be called "scrap wood projects" one day when enough people retardedly make that statement... and then you'll be the one yelling on the top of your lungs that its expensive slap black wallnut table... and people wont care a bit... since the pallet table next to it is also called "scrap wood table"... so when you make a mistake... dont push the blaim on to others and wish them harm... thats so trump...
I bet the fuzzy feeling is the denim fibers sticking out of the epoxy after it was planed and sanded. Putting another layer of epoxy on it probably seals those fiber ends in.
I agree wth Scott on the rounded edge but it still looks pretty cool.
fuck you that ups heavy tape i know just by glance
Just found your channel. Gorgeous table!
Denim x
More denim  with water fall  .like to mahogany
Denim. Make a table that actually feels like denim clothe texture.
The look of the table is bsolutely fantastic. I love it.  Great work.
I love how this turned out it is stunning xx
Taping off edges cause of glue is a real life saver. It is such a pain to clean it. And worst case you have scratch marks from cleaning and need to sand the edge.
Phat Farm denim when I was pickier/younger....Good luck finding it though...take care
Love this channel and projects like this are why
Multi colored denim or like a world map where the denim is the ocean
But I love beeing a little shit who knows everything better 😢. But I also wanna be liked...
Denim
I think the surface gets fuzzy again because denim is 100% fiber. Epoxy saturation doesn’t actually penetrate the individual fibers so they still have their original material characteristics when exposed. It’s like the fuzziness of fiberglass panels when sanded or cut.
Totally badass
How do you find time to work out it seems like you have a lot of work
Denim is so much easier to work with than wood. Think about it.
really love the look on that but i think the edeges are to round and the base looks like its a 10€ table of ikea
Amazing pattern I love it!
I really like the table top, but the rest looks so flimsy and wobbly
Yes to denim
That is an awesome table.  I have made pens and rings from denim and battle dress uniforms so I have a very small taste of what you had to go through.
2.8M views in a week is not too bad.  You may want to do more builds like this one.
Honestly one of my favorite builds. Id kill for a desk that cool!
the fuzzy topped denim thats unfinished could be really nice for some bar stools
The fact that, I understand you as a woodworker and Carver whom has to take off my headgear my gloves my my eyewear and take out my headphones and shutdown my😮 tools in order to have a conversation with people / somebody I think this is funny to me
Love the denim. I'm not a fan of the base.
Denim!  First, I'm addicted to your channel - I love your creations and the process you take to get to the finished product is very cool / interesting / fun.  This table is simply incredible - such a cool look.  The only thing I'm uncertain of is the base.  I appreciate the thought process but I'm thinking a beefier, maybe brushed steel base would be a bit more fitting.  In any case, that table is simply one of the coolest things I've ever seen built!
Denim! That table is beautiful
Ive gotten into the habit of subscribing to youtubers who make great content, even if i know i won't be watching them constantly like i do with other youtubers. You, sir, are with the other youtubers. Keep up the great work!
*well ackchyually...
I feel like having the soft fuzzy feeling of denim would be nice and appropriate vs a smooth epoxy which is opposite to a textile...
Ur too hard on yourself. It looks wonderful!❤. A piece of art❣️😁
I really love how fast that wood can get away from someone.
vaccuum is literally industry standard for lamination, used all the time in carbon fibre.
Definitely denim: I'm a little late commenting, but I like it. It was a bit psychedelic. Thanks
Denim! All the way… best denim channel on YouTube!
I love Wrangler. I also enjoy your videos and sharp whit. I've watched a lot of videos from different bloggers. I'm still surprised to hear  that people feel the need to judge, correct, or criticize. I believe we are all Teachers/ Students.as we interchange these roles in our daily lives.. Thank you for what you do and in my humble opinion do a pretty nice job. .  .
You mixed up Damascus and Pattern Welded steel. It happens. Honestly you're coming off as kinda thin skinned the way you handle it. Chin up, own your mistakes.
That seems similar to how glass fiber reinforced nylon ( what folks call 'fiberglass' ), is made.
About the fuzzy factor... I dont have a lot of experience with Damascus denim, meaning zero experience, but I wonder if using wet denim as you do your epoxy layers will allow it to absorb better into the fabric...🤔
You spelled Zamboni wrong.      Jk
Denim, denim denim lol  Yes, would like to see more. How about doing some chairs to go with that table? I think that would look fairly fantastic.
I love how you called out the petty people who like to correct others on the most trivial things. It reminds me of a skateboarder at my local skatepark who insists that backside is frontside. It's comical because I've been skating for 18 years and even though he's wrong, I'll let him figure out his own embarrassment for his continual insistence.
I love watching your videos although I’ve probably never ever gonna make an epoxy table .I do like working with epoxy and carbon fibre making parts for my car and so on I love the way that you experiment with different things. A denim table is mighty unusual and it’s nice to see that you didn’t flood the floor this time, as for vacuum bagging take a look at easy composites videos as I think you will find them really interesting and probably a lot more time saving in the future for these type of projects
Denim
17,000😂 bro id give you 250 for that. thats it. if it took you a long time thats your fault. get better.
I’ve been a bladesmith for years and have ALWAYS called it damascus, as do master bladesmiths (of which I am not). Just saying, like this gentleman said, it’s been the accepted term for literally decades. Anyone saying it isn’t needs to get a life. Go buy a knife from a well known and respected maker and I guarantee they’ll make damascus blades.
Denim
More denim
Denim!  I love the way this looks.
Denim Damascus Table top is Gorgeous. I love the colors and the design. Thank you for your skills, all your hard work, the lessons from your mistakes, and all your beautiful projects. You and your  family/friends are truly blessed. Shine On, you all do it so well. Happy Up.
fibers are woven, apoxy probably cures before the center does, may need to do multiple thin precoats over the course of time before the major pour. kind of like sanding, then painting and sanding the paint then sanding again.
That's actually pattern welded denim, not Damascus denim.
What about full denim, including the base / legs?
give more denim
Pattern welded denim.
i dont call it dry wall or sheet rock, i call it plaster board lol.
I wonder if you could use something like unicorn spit , or even a pre dyed really light denim to get a rainbow effect 😮 super fricking cool 🖤🤌
Denim, that was cool
Denim.  Great concept!  My brain connected this with the snowboards and  thought keepsakes. If scrapbooking can make family photos interesting, I’m sure Really good design could make this work.  Yes ok I’m rolling my eyes at myself, I wouldn’t wanna be the one turning ‘ugly treasures’ into anything I’d put my my name too.🤷‍♀️.  Sometimes bad ideas need a utube comments section to die on.😁
The only time id ever get some PC manners is if i had this beast of a table to never let food touch 😂
Denim ❤
Denim! Definitely. Was fascinating process and vid to watch
The fuzzy table would make a cool poker or pool table
When you keep calling it true Damascus it's hard not to call it out. True Damascus was just a certain pattern that came from natural inclusions. It was pretty for sure but not designed. Maybe if you made a table out of a jumble of denim with zero planning it could be called true Damascus.
Denim. Period.
Denim tables weren't something I thought I'd ever love, but here we are
Denim…That’s a cool looking table. Great job!👍😎🇺🇸
When you were routing those small dots with your fingers right next to the router blade, my rear end was clenched so tight that if I ate a lump of coal I would crap out a diamond.
Denim-ascus would have a been a good pun to use there.
Denim, I have 4 pairs of denim Nike Jordan 1s. Felt like I needed to say that. More denim
I like the denim part but that spindly oak frame  it’s on looks cheap
A couple of the things on that list do not belong imo
Jable
2:02 cry about it 😂
denim. The table looks good :)
Can you make a box using a single jeans cloth and epoxy resin? Or 2 or more? Or the thinnest posible.. hehehe..  i want to make 1 but i dont want to waste money heheheh  cause a little tight budget hehehe
If you lived in England would definitely buy a table your a true craftsman 😊 Kenny from London England
More denim! But i would like to see you use a bunch of worn out pairs of jeans. Like whole pairs. The un even layers may give enough pattern on their own.
you are an artist   but prefer your woodwork to denim   amazing
Denim.
Thumbs up for 00:54 to 02:45 😹
What a trippy table! Awesome!
Denim the thing looks amazing
If you roll up the denim as if it were a log, than cut it like you would with wood than you can have the perfect denim/wood look. Almost like blue tree was cut, similar or same ring pattern.
I love the roundover
My guess as to why it gets fuzzy again after being infused with the epoxy is that when you cut or sand it the fibers of the denim tear a bit while the epoxy is cut cleanly which leaves small hair like fibers that make it feel fuzzy. I also recommend that for every environmentalist you see complaining in the comments about your use of epoxy, that you add one extra tire to the burn pile.
Denim. I think dark brown wood would've matched better. The bright legs pop too much and distract me from the top.
Denim or no denim, I love seeing the craftsmanship that goes into everything you make. Thanks for a good video!
Denim, never ever heard of this process with denim. Denim demascus were two words i would have never heard together. Really impressed with this build, even though i would never have one.
Awesome table can i have it? Plz
I like the denim. I also think it would be cool to try other materials in a similar fashion. Maybe something like colored burlap
First video I've watched by you, and I gotta say, the rant 2 mins in is a bit of a turn off.
Doing this with multicoloured layers of denim would look amazingly psychedelic. Especially with a matching lava lamp to go with it.
d e n i m
Damn that looks good
I’ve never commented on anything before ….literally ….and I don’t do one damn bit of woodworking. That being said, I can’t get enough of your channel. I would love to be able to have a workshop and make some furniture someday.  We’ll see; you horse around about how entertaining your channel is and I assure you it is very entertaining. Thank you for all your tips and tricks and the laughter.
As someone who fabricates luminaires/lamps from driftwood and other mateeials I collect on the Namibian coast , I love the denm tables. I am also pleased to see that you take the same meticulous pride in yourwork and are humble enough to critique your own work. Look forard to watching more. I just wish I could get half the tools you have into my own workshop
this looks just like my damascus demin table from ikea
Denim! What you have created is a topographical map based on your bits of ply under the denim.  I can imagine adapting your processes to create denim map tables or even just denim maps as wall art.  A enim map the size of a dining table top would be a cool artwork.
You didn't infuse the job. What you do is lay everything down dry, apply the vacuum, and release the resin into the job. It's great seeing the resin flow through the laminate. Absolutely no air in the finished laminate.
It gorgeous?  I like the pattern of the denim, I like the psychedelic look.
Bliss in ignorance. I heard that for the first time on a linkin park album
Denim!
Cam, love your work and videos but for the life of me can't understand why the haters watch and then comment such rubbish. Just stop watching #%*face.  Keep going dude!
since you wondered about the fibers in the denim being raised by finishing/sanding. Got me thinking about the fibers being loosened from their original weave are being broken loose but layingfolded down before being cut/sanded off. Maybe a quick torch as you do air bubbles in epoxy pours. Just guessing.
Denim twist Damascus next please.
Absolutely beautiful!   Just to come up with 17k.   I just did my first epoxy project and stuff like this inspires the crap out of me.
People need to stop giving you shit over something small  i love your work man and you are an awesome person !!!!
I'm sure it's been done before, but I'd really like to see you make a carbon fiber table. Not 100% carbon fiber, it would have a wood core,  but with an exposed carbon fiber exterior.  I think that would look pretty freaking cool.
The table looks cool, almost like a geode, as for more denim, idk, what about canvas? It comes in any color.
Denim all the way!
not even watching the video, didnt let the intro ad play. This is Micarta, stop clickbaiting.
Denim, for sure!
My fuzzy thoughts—your denim resists epoxy. 1.  Wash and dry first.  Most textiles are treated with a finish at the end of weaving.  The finish gives the fabric a stiffer feel, and is water resistant .  If it resists water, how much more so epoxy.  Don’t use anything like fragranced laundry detergent or fabric softener, which is another finish that resists water. 2.  Use a lighter weight denim.  Denim is a densely woven twill using highly twisted thread, manufactured to resist wear.  It comes in several weights, a lighter weight may be easier to saturate. 3.  Ask a scientist.  In my area, UCDavis has a fabulous textile science department.   They have grad students in their doctoral program who would enjoy hearing how you’re using denim and who will have lots of info on how to choose and prep the fabric.
That color is STRIKING! Looks great, really unique!
Denim. Love the creative use of material in addition to wood
Denim
The top of the table is awesome, the base and support doesn't look good though
This is an original idea and it looks amazing. Nice work.
take a seat at the jable son
Isn't this just denim micarta, not Damascus?
Denim. Have you ever seen the work of the late Tim Stead? He was a phenomenal Scottish furniture maker using alot of burr elm and live edge work. A google search will bring up his amazing work. I think you would like it👍thanks for the amazing  workmanship you have shown us
Saw you tapping away on the attachment points of the tabletop to the frame. Get a set of Transfer Punches. They ROCK!  A cheap set will set you back about 12 bucks from Harbor Freight. A really good set is about a Buck-Thirty.....
More denim please. I'd like to see maybe some cookies + denim demascus. Round in rectangle out?
Can you make a Big ass MAGA epoxy table with a picture af Prezz Trump i the middel between a Big set of MAGA TITTIES? And the send it to Miss Harris❤️ A “Yes” or “No” will be fine
Denim, I think this table turned out amazing. Thank you for sharing and being honest.
Denim - how interesting the design on the surface from the denim, absolutely beautiful! Love your art
Denim, if it is still fuzzy on the surface, could you turn it into a pool table? Is it fuzzy to that extent or is it just slightly fuzzy?
Very nice work! For me personally it's a horrible design. But well. Can't argue about taste.
Infused Damdenim all day long! Soft fibre feel is likely the fibres not being fully wet out, I suspect denim has some form of repellant to protect the fibre and you may need a wetting agent to allow the epoxy to fully wet out the fibre.  BYK Chemie may have something to do the job, or at least they might have done 20 years ago when I was last formulating with epoxies.
Denim sitting bench or stool, would be pretty cool. Thank you for sharing your process. Good day.
Denim. I was with you on the 11% chance of success.   I'm glad we were both wrong.  That damascus look is awesome
Yes, more denim tables, but with different colored denim that would really increase the psychedelic effect
Denim!  Love the process, but agree that it was too psychedelic for me as well. I liked the previous denim table better. Would you consider doing a linen table?
Denim!  You should do a more distinct pattern for the next one. Either more of the smaller pieces you had on the damascus table to get a lot more of those cool concentric circles instead of those long blobby islands. Or doing a staggered zig zag line pattern would also be really amazing!
Even tellin those type of ppl how annoying they are, they still showed up to comment. Now you have 12 dudes arguing about real Damascus, akshully youre wrong, no akshully youre akshully wrong, well akshully if you akshully knew youre akshully wrong.
Denim for sure.
I gotta tell you, the vacuum bag was a great idea.
holy crap this ikea denim table costs $17,000 dollars
Have you done this but in leather?
jable
Wow love the look at 21:16
I'm not going through all the comments but I am going to say one word. Micarta. The lamination of denim or cloth. The same stuff that is used on knife scales.
Wow!  It looks great!
Denim table, I like it
Denim, is okay and kind of cool... But, I was wondering if you do anything other then tables? Most of your videos I have seen are all tables and 1 barn door for your pantry. So, do you do anything other then slabs of wood with legs on it?
Have you tried fray check for fuzzies?  It would take loads of it.😕
Denim: i don't have a favourite brand.  So happy you discovered vacuum bag infusion .   Its great for shaped moulds and way less messy than getting excess on floor. Awesome, looks fantastic.
Just stopped by to say, you are the greatest :)
MORE DENIM and leather feet (loved the first denim table you made)! ☀️
Wow thats awesome i love  the blue 💙 😎 who cares what you call it tell the naysayers to call it i wish i could do that 😂 sweentin it up !!
I completely get the thought process behind the simple table 'legs'. But in the end i think a black or beat up bronze style leg that goes out like beams would also looked have extremely nice.
Table top looks amazing. But the frame, sorry...
I love it
You can use a clamp touse the round over cutter on such as small piece of wood. The clamp is use as a handle and keeps your fingers far away from the cutter. Just a different technique for doing the same procedure.
Denim, all the little impurities that you mention you dont like are all testiment to the fact you are pushing the boundaries of what a typical medium for this line of work is, if you finished it and couldnt tell the difference between your table and actual Damascus, then what would have been the point. In short, BRAVO 👏
Denim is just strands of cellulose organized and attached together. With the extra layers, it's essentially wood.
One of the most beautiful table I've ever seen. Fantastic!!
First time I encountered anybody on YT using the tape for wood glue trick. I've been doing it on guitars when I fill holes with toothpicks and wood glue. So useful to keep things clean.
wow great work... i think a dark walnut stain on the legs would go nicely with the denim top
Denim
YOU DO amazing WORK!!!! I WANT A table FOR MY MUSIC STUDIO.. HAVE YOU EVER MADE ONE?
"nobody likes you and we all hope bad things happen to you" wow.  well, fu too.
Denim tables are definitely a thing you can claim as a specialty.  I have to disagree with your critique of the psychedelic pattern... I think the pattern is incredible!
I love the “what the fuck did you make now?” comment.
I would like to know approximately how much the materials cost when you are making stuff as I haven’t a clue.
I love the comment about correcting people, especially as one of those people who points out errors… Can’t help; it won’t stop… but I agree!
As for the fuzziness, I think it is because the epoxy is coating and surrounding and getting between the fibers. It isn't making the fibers themselves hard. When you cut through the epoxy, you expose the still-soft fuzzy fibers underneath. PS: if you leave the table fuzzy, it will attract dirt like crazy and be hard to clean.
2:47 ignorance is bliss
Denim: i know it takes tons of efforts to make something like this but what can take this up a notch would be more fancier looking legs. Like such an amazing table top on plain old style legs kind of kills the vibe a little bit.  Amazing work though
So nice bro
MORE DENIM  LOOKS UTTERLY SLICK ❤
Denim : New Subscriber!
Hey Blacktail!, another great project, amazing finish.  I am interested in trying out N3 nano to finish some of my projects, but my clients are after an matt finish and i think the N3 only comes in semi gloss. Have you tried any other similar products with a matt finish? cheers bud
Ever wanted to try your hand ata little bit of black smithing?
Soooo petty, do it more. 😂😂😂
denim pp
ah yes, the jamascus jable
Beautiful. I really like how psychedelic it looks, in fact I think it could look even more psychedelic with some changes to the shapes used to create the valleys of denim.
I LOVE THE WHOLE TOP!!!!!! ❤❤❤❤❤❤stunning I just really loved the leather legs on the last one I saw 😊
Isn’t true Damascus, one type of steel and it’s cooled at two different different rates so it has two different carbon contents, therefore making two different colored steals?
Him:"it's too psychedelic"  Me: AND I LOVE IT!
Denim:  You are the only craftsman I have ever seen use it this way.  A+
would be even more psychodelic if every layer of denim had different colour. kinda like Gibson Zoot Suit guitars
Anybody else stop the video to read all the terms that don’t need to be corrected?
I really like the little dots, I feel like a whole table with just that "raindrop pattern" would be great
It's only Damascus if it comes from Damascus Syria.  Otherwise it's just Sparkling Steel.
We must say "damas" not "damascus".. this terme not coming from Damas the city of Syria, but from the french ( i am ) verb "amasser" wich one of his meanings is to make a pile of the same material.
Denim!  Absolutely stunning!  Wife and I loved the table!
No denim. Why denim?
I’m so glad you brought up quality that’s why the furniture now is crap people like cool and cheap over lasting and quality they’re people who pay thousands today to get antiques nothing we get from stores these days will ever be antique’s because they fall apart in a year if you are lucky my grandma had a couch for 30 years she had it reupholstered every other year and when she sold it it was newly upholstered and went for about 6 grand but the guy who done it had old material that was like new he bought after a store closed he has since passed and that wasn’t a good enough living for any of his kids and he wouldn’t teach anyone but he was a master at his craft you could afford a little more money then because it lasted a lifetime so it was a investment and not a necessity buy now it’s a more like disposable furniture
dude what u were using was not damascus, its actually pattern welded steel, next time do your research, dont mislead your viewers like that. unsubbed.          (lol im joking obv i watched the whole vid through and i rlt enjoyed it, and i didnt unsub ofc :D)
Denim
Denim people with damaged eye from the UV light will not be picked up to the softball team 😅😅😅
17k ?! are you for real? thats insane to me
Nobody that doesn't have the type of obsession that some people with autism get with things like boats, train, vintage things, and the most random things, type of obsession that you're thinking about it 24/7 obsession cares about where its made making it Damascus.
Denim     Very cool, have you been in touch with the Cornish guy who makes denim sunglasses? https://youtu.be/EUe-QmoLUzw?si=r883QsDu1R9szq6k
It looks cool. It reminds me of Australian Aboriginal artwork.
Denim!!! It looks sick
You never seize tut o amaze me
Denim good, I have tried this same process (on a much smaller scale) with piston grips.
I think what you're doing is closer to mokume gane, I LOVE what you did, brilliant idea
Denim Great video!!
Love the work!
Maybe you should moonlight as a comedian 🤭
your a realy good love you
No denim, good work but I prefer wood work
Largest pattern-welding channel on YT.
Denim is good to experiment with, but what about other kinds of fabrics?  The idea of fabric bonded by epoxy in general sounds interesting, and I'd love to see experiments beyond just denim.
That was the best table I've ever seen.
Denim look great. I would prefer a gloss look but thats just me. Great job.
Denim really  amazing  one can never  say it is denim  if you see it for the first  time
Denim! You did an awesome 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 job!
Yes more denim, @2:10 HOLY HE🏒🏒.... That comment is awesome, (nobody likes you! And we all hope bad things happen to you) lol best video comment of the year award 🏆goes to you brotha  !¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!
noice
See me feeling like I'm gonna buy some all denim furniture someday.   Keep winning champ
@BlacktailStudio What about cutting strips of denim, and layering them in a pattern that’s similar to carbon fiber?   When life hands you a Jeffery, stroke a denim table…
more denim please!
Denim I love it
Denim. Sexy.
Denim tables are becoming your specialty lol, they look great!
You're kind of awful, I watched this with my husband who is a carpenter and he agrees that you may be an ok wood worker but you're a pretty crappy human.
Well after reaching to the end of the video I can guarantee that you are the biggest denim and wood working channel and also the best one ! Respect from India  🤝
love it, so cool
Denim. That’s is, please do more denim 🙏
Denim, yes please.  Great looking table, love watching your videos and appreciate your creative nature of trying new things.
Denim! But then I would watch you watch paint dry if you narrated the paint drying...lol
19:45 I actually kinda liked those patches
isn t it simpler to make the core out of wood and only lay denim as an outer layer? I mean you don t know how all-denim top will evolve in the future (it might bend in a warm environment), but with a wood core you re safe
Damn!! I love the “Damascus” look! The colors really popped.
Denim. I flashed back to the era of my paisley shirts. Looks teriffic.
Table top looks amazing and the hipsters will love this 😍 base looked worse than ikea I’m afraid 😢 it let the piece down 😱
Do continue with the denim, it is so unique and versatile. And all those things that you named  you didn’t like about the end look - I think they are perfectly imperfect. Amazing job. Thank you. 😊
More denim pls.
No denim for me, but that's an amazing table
Denim is definitely a do again. Nice work
Coming into your own embracing your inner troll. Approved.
This is beautiful ❤
dENIm. Yey!
Denim. I've enjoyed watching your regular epoxy tables, not a hugh fan of the burned ones, but this is a really cool idea. I also like how it turned out. Very similar layout process to composites for other purposes, but on a very large scale. I think there is also a lot of potential to get creative by doing things like a twisted material for accent.
Well technically since you built it in a workshop it's not a denim table it's a denim work bench ❤️
Denim. Love your work and attitude, oh and your festools!
... wouldn't this be micarta?
19:35 - a very clear 'WTF ??' - obviously an unbeliever !
Es probable que no m entiendas, pero te veo desde Argentina, te felicito por tus trabajos
Denim.... I'm a big fan of bright colors and or patterns, so this is right up my alley.  I love it, nice job!
Denim!❤
I think a black and blue denim table would look awesome!!!  Maybe in one of your future projects.  I’ll stay tuned and keep up the great work!!!
Denim
Denim.  Love the variety of different materials and techniques.
Love watching your creative process... but I don't like the base to tabletop styling. The legs are too thin, if it was mine I would've used wide pieces of wood, like 1x4's. But aside from that the denim is fabulous, the color of the wood with the denim also fabulous.
I cannot call myself a fan of denim and resin projects, but this turned out really cool.
As a clothing designer I absolutely lov n need this table
20:55 Call me stupid,  but my take is that denim is made with strands of tightly wound cotton, and under the microscope these look like twisted licorice, or a drill bit if you will. The epoxy will fill those helixes but the minuscule cotton hairs and strands will always be the skeleton imho. Love your stuff dude!
God damn, I dunno if it's worth 17k...but it sure is cool!
Denim. You're a Craftsman. I really enjoy your videos.  Thanks and keep up the beautiful work.
def. more denim, I really like it. also never finish a class without having a full education. specially all the money and resources already invested. just as well get a good value out of it that did not just come and go.
Denim absolutely 😊
27:05
30:40 (cut) gets ad...
Incorporate metals into your desks, creative stylez
You should have vacuumed the resin in, would have saved you hours, regardless, I’d probably try to reinvent my own method as well so no judgement, great result on the finished table
damascus? Looks like denim :)
I wouldn't dare to tell you what to build, because it is the artist's passion that turns a work of art into a masterpiece. Build what you feel like, that's the best content for me
Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim Denim👍👌🤞
Definitely do more, but i would add a few more layers of each, like maybe 2 dark, then 2 light all the way through so that when planning them down, they won't distory so easily
I love the way this turned out looks amazing
30:24 yes more denim projects
Does the Damascus stuff on the knifes make it sharper or more durable or is it just to make it look pretty?
We are gonna need Blacktail studio to make a Denim Damascus Display next. I dunno, some kinda statue with water running through it or something
DENAM 100% and u very sophisticated at the end 😎
Denim, I love the way it turned out the imperfections you don't like, I think make it even better! Beauty is definitely in the eye of the beholder.
It would be interesting to do a relief map of the world under denim. Use a bit of profile on the wood blocks so you don't get the big flat areas that are all one color. I think having too much flat surface was causing the issues that you had to hand sand out.
boomb
This is so cool and inspiring! The fabric texture have so many potential :D    I wish I could start making wood work when I am in a better financial situation, maybe a dozen years from now😢
With the first table, I watched it mainly out of curiosity, but I do quite enjoy the denim furniture content
Love this look. Inspiring!!
Denim🫨
Bald Mathew McConaughey
Denim!
Denim
Wow, the butt-hurt is real in this one. Exposed yourself for not taking well to being rightfully corrected. People don't like people who can't take correction or criticism.  Cool table, though.
denim
too big
It's trippy looking.
Denim actually looked pretty damn good. I didn't think I would like it but you proved me wrong. When you made the comment about how the denim still feels fuzzy at times through the process, my mind instantly wondered if you could use these techniques to make a denim pool table. I understand a denim pool table would be a massive project, but I would really love to see it done.
denim u have started to yapping too much
Where did you get those shelves!! Those are so cool being able to slide like that!!
Denim, I loved the end results, well done.
Denim!
Denim-more denim please.
IDK  🤔  Seeing your profile while you were driving... Are you Batman? 😅 Gorgeous desk!! More denim please.
No denim. It was interesting, but I love wood. I think I’d get tired of it after a while and, unlike a tablecloth, you can’t just make a new one.
1) When you have small pieces like that, you can always stab a long barbecue fork vertically on the wood and twist it from far up over the router table ;D 2) Because the Epoxi gets on the outside of each string, but is too thick to go inside each string´s core, denim cotton is a thick fabric too, tightly woven, the fuzziness comes from the cotton of those string´s cores that the resin dindn´t reach... same sort of thing happens, on a bigger scale, when you dye t-shirts at home, if you clump fabrics together tightly with elastic bands or something, the ink doesn´t reach all the spots and some spots are left white... .
Denim. I love it. If you try this again maybe place some of the wood pieces long ways to provide even more contrast. Great looking table and I love the "build to the base" look! Thanks for all the inspiration you provide.
This is soooo great! More than a critic I would like to mention that a metal base would have boosted that look 10X. I watched another of your videos using aluminium base for a coffee table. I think it could have worked really well with this Denim top!
DENIM TABLE IDEAS...go ahead with denim coloured differently...then geometric patterns, checker, wave, tree, fish, guns, sports motifs, eh.
I love the clap backs haha!
Denim?  Keep making them until you have a different idea.  You seem to thrive on following the ideas that pop into your head, so run with that.
Ole son, thats freaking nice!
First video I've disliked... Simply cause I cannot get past the fact someone pointed out something technically correct he hopes bad things happen to them?
Damn straight remember that when u say stuff like that no one likes u and we all want bad stuff happening to you on the regular
I'd love to see this on a black denim table!
Well I don't care for the legs but... denim tables should be your thing! All colors! 👍
DENIM… definitely more denim. Great work Cam, I love it
i'm here since those bow ties videos, i became a nurse, so i practically have no time now, but I miss watching you work sir, time flies.
This is an awesome piece  I think denim would look really cool with some simple black steel legs
Nice
I love the wood shooting device
Make a red one or orange for tech. Professional or company.  Love it.
Denim! Very Cool! (all of them)
More denim
This Denium table is beautiful. I would never do one because I'm too old and too weak. I actually love the colors. Good job.
Ya man the Youtube correction karens are a real peach aren’t they?…
From Malaysia here... please more denim
it gets fuzzy… because there’s fabric in there lol.  but really though, my guess is because we’re thinking of it wrong: like the epoxy or resin or whatever it is, when saturated, is becoming fully “one” with the coating. on the smallest scale though, it’s never truly combined. It’s not like adding something water soluble to water. It’s more like millions of tiny chocolate covered pretzels. no matter how well covered in chocolate it is you’re gonna get pretzel coming out when you bite.
denim I don't think you need to use plywood for the inlays. Try simply cutting shapes out of a foam camping mattress. vac bag it and see how much it compresses. It'd probably automatically give a soft transition w/o the need of rounding off the edges. Also, you might count how many layers you sanded through.  Unless the thick edge is important to you, you can probably get most of the damascus effect from fewer layers of denim, and less epoxy.
More Damascus table, with different colors, and design please. 😊😊😊
In regards to denim contracting during the weather changes, I’ve always noticed that denim contracts around thanksgiving and then in spring they expand back
What about using a spray gun instead of a roller?
Denim. Might honestly be my favorite of yours to date, looks sick!
Denim
Denim this stuff is awesome. And simply beautiful. I find your videos not only entertaining but cathartic.
i really wish we could figure out the method that they used in antiquity to make damascus, and it's quite interesting that no one has figured it out.
Very nice!! Greatings from Austria!!
3:25 Glue a stick to it or even better drill a whole first so the stick has more anchorage?
I love the denim top.  Definitely a success. Very unique. The base color was good but in my mind I wanted a big sturdy central support, tree trunk like with a caramel color. For some reason made me think of the body of a tree holding the world and the oceans. Hummm, please don’t judge or get hung on my crazy vision.  The top is just plain fun.
Denim!
Denim! This is so awesome and you seem like a cool humble guy. Keep it going! 💪💯‼P.S. I did watch the other video to the end, I just don't have a favorite denim. Lol!
Not your denim table. I was watching the maple burl tables.  Personally: just my own (I know, everyone has one),,, I believe that any maple burl should be left live edge. Even if the customer wanted a straight edge, I’d still try to talk him into going with the original creation God made.     Your work,,, by the way ,,,, is OUTSTANDING!!!!  Great content, Thank you.
Denim, more more more!!!!
Denim
Denim
"I just want you to know, nobody likes you, and...."  LOL!!!
Love it!!
What an amazing patern & that with denim, mate well done.  Absolutely 💯  in design ❤😊
Denim, no real comment, just thought this was really cool and curious to see what other ideas you have!
Demin - Have you ever considered various Wood and various Medal combinations.  So for wood - Red Oak, Birch, Maple, Rosewood and medal copper, brass, silver?
I love that table
More Denim! That was so cool. I would suggest using denim colours which are closer together with 10% being the dark and not layering them in a regular pattern. I'm curious what a dark grey or black base would look like. Have you considered using black and white denim? Either with the blues or a black & white table?
My dad and I saw a video of yours this morning and I've been hooked. I really like your work, and ur videos are very good.
Love it
Denim damascus is a hell of a thing.
Denim for sure. Cam I didn’t know you were EMS! I’m an aspiring pilot as well, I’ve got my CFI and am working on building some hours. Would you have done anything differently when you were just starting up your table business while also balancing life as a pilot?
Denim. Cool.
More DENIM
That's not damascus. It's pattern welded.
Mosevic_eyewear works with denim and resin, he might have some tips for you. Thank you for the content!!!!
Denim...love this Damascus top, would love to see you do a roll top with an artist in mind.
Hey this is Moaz from Pakistan big fan of your work. Wanted to discuss about some bussiness. Could i have your email or any other way to work it out?
People that 'Um Akshually' about Damascus steel not being real definitely still believe the myth of it being some magical lost art.
$17,000 holy crap cool table tho lol
Denim… awesome table. And those who criticize your craftsmanship are not as talented as you..
for the small pieces you could’ve drilled a hole on the bottom and drove a dowel down in it to have something to hold on to
you are right about certain spots. all in all i love the look
Dang, no "Walkman" on that list. Am I showing my age now? 🤣
you are hard on yourself. let me tell you that your project ideas are amazing!  this table turned out beautiful
No denim. I love watching you work and your ideas but this project wasn’t for me. I would still watch whatever you make, it’s just the material itself that is off putting I guess. Very cool experimenting though.
Denim fo' sure. But also, more fabrics!
Hi Can to are indeed a magician with what you do with your craft.  I'm a big fan. I I have made all my family and friends to also become huge fans to your channel.  Please do you take apprentice? I will like to learn this craft and do so under your mentorship.
It’s probably still fuzzy cause the fibers are still present even if it’s coated with epoxy when it gets sanded down some of the fiber is stuck?
have seen many but not all of your videos — have you ever made interior doors — this looks like a good door style and a jumping off point for many other iterations… thanks for sharing
Damascus steel legs on it would be super sick
Definitely More Denim!! That’s a beautiful table, even with the breasts😂
absolutely amazing!!!
he thinks his tables are as much as a Picasso there are not
Please never wear gloves like that on anything that spins, that’s a quick way to go from loosing a finger tip too a while hand , I love you videos to much to see you get mangled
that nobody likes you remark just got you a new subscriber 🤣
Absolutely love it! Keep up the creativity and funny lines 😂 "Botched augmentation" Denim is dope!❤
This turned out way better than I thought. Beautiful
slo mo playback worth it for the comprehensive list.
Denim. I won't be building a damascus denim table anytime soon, but it was great to see how you went about it.
You’re doing everything wrong! But then again, I don’t even know how to turn on one of your machines, and everything you do looks amazing, so maybe you’re actually doing everything right? Who knows ❤❤
Denim.   This video has been rolling around in my head for a couple weeks.  I definitely see a psychedelic look in certain parts which I agree isn't my favorite.  But other sections remind me of natural wood grain that you might see in oak.   This got me thinking about trees and how grain naturally forms (or at least how I think it naturally forms).  Trees build layers circularly and continually add additional layers.  Then when the wood is milled, the cuts run across those layers that were built up, so with wood you get grain that naturally progresses through a large slab.   Contrast this with your process with denim where you built the layers horizontally and then processed it horizontally.  You get some flowing grain textures since you added the shaped pieces of wood but you're getting some undesirable aesthetics.  I think they look like lava lamp blobs.   I'm really interested in what further ideas you're hoping to explore.   I had two thoughts that I had to share to get off my mind.   First idea (reasonable), use a similar process with the pieces of wood but make them stretch the whole piece and minimize large flat sections.   I think this would create more natural "grain" progressions throughout the piece.   Second idea (less reasonable), build the piece by rolling demin and build the layers similar to how layers of a tree might develop. Then have it milled traditionally like a piece of wood. I have no idea what it would look like or how you would accomplish the rolling process with epoxy but I can't stop thinking about the concept.  Hope this gives you some amount of inspiration to continue your craft!
Denim 🫶🏼
Denim. Honestly I just enjoy your creativity and projects. The more videos the better.
Walnut pants next plz.
Denim. You know its a success when the guy running the planer goes "WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU MAKE NOW?!"
Robi Pan  fantastyczne rzeczy. Brawo  ❤
Denim, but I like whatever you attempt. LOL😂 I  love the list! I'm glad you don't listen to the naysayers.  I watch your channel to see the amazing things you make. 😊 Love the table. God bless ❤️
You made a very cool bench. Or, or it could be footboard if you have a cool bed.
DENIM
More denim ! I do think the base would have looked better in a darker color. My wife says black I don't think that dark though. Looks amazing either way !
OMG... the calling out in the beginning made me laugh so hard!!  "nobody likes you...."
end credits looks like Prof Xavier about to talk to his students ...   🤣😂😅
Wow.... It's look like topographic map. Good job 👍🏻👍🏻
Denim. This table is absolutely amazing. I love it.
Denim. You gotta take the reigns and be THE Denim Table guy
Denim!
Denim. This table looks 1960s. It is awesome. I love both the denim tables. The denim is so 1970s. Then the 1980s came along and they stopped making decent music. They stopped making decent denim jeans.
19:34 - lol
Denim...table looks great
Beautiful!
There's a guy on YouTube who makes denim resin sunglasses, he may be able to help with the fuzzy problem  https://youtube.com/@mosevic_eyewear?si=jJzoQf52fMqitQJ5
Your list left out Cresent wrenches and Channel Locks. But we should expect that from a discount Mr. Clean. Lol
Denim
Really cool idea.  I like that you think outside the box.  Best way to grow.
What if you try other color fabrics? 🤔
17K is a lot.
Looks great.
Maybe you should wash the fabric
More denim
Tweed.
Denim I've probably been watching you since you started your channel. I just keep it really quiet but you build the best tables I've ever seen and trust me when I say I Watch YouTube, I watch YouTube. I can do anything in this world thanks to YouTube. If I had the money to go by the materials and slaps and everything that you have. I could build a table just like you.  But I would have to watch every second of your video that i'm trying to copy , but there's nothing wrong with that a good job
Why is it fuzzy? I mean, it's a bunch of long, loose fibres - when the planer or the sander violently rips thin layers off it, it's gonna rip up them tiny strings with a little bit of epoxy. Either that, or the epoxy you're using is too viscous to penetrate in-between the fibres, and only gets the whole strings that the denim is woven from. I'd guess both.
Denim
Denim
Isolation in my school is called Damascus
Beautiful; and the 7/8 round-over was a perfect choice.
Denim amazing
The term is 'damascene'. FIGHT ME!!
Thanks for the entertainment, but please don’t hurt yourself!
Denim. Love this.
Denim
Can't you do this vacuum process with a regular slab table?
Denim ! ❤❤❤❤❤
Have you thought about making a table out of both denim and slabs? Could make for a nice looking piece
Denim Damascus is a great look, I love it! Well done on the table!
Denim... As to why it gets fuzzy. I'm imagining a paint brush that's hardened by shellac or poly. It'll get pliable again if you work it and break that infused shellac/poly off of it. The epoxy infused denim is probably doing the exact same thing as the tools cut across and work the fibers.
Denim the table bottom is not looking good as it is just too plain
very nice
This table top is an art piece that one would look at then look again. Really stunning.  Nice job.
That stare at the very end made me think of something… Cam could be agent 47 lol
19:30 😂😂😂😂😂
Denim… That turned out pretty rad! You should experiment with some different color dyes too. I am with Scott on this one. The round over makes it look like a medical exam table. Lol. Overall badass as always. My 9yr old son and I watch your videos together. He wants to build one of these now. 😎
🤣🤣🤣 “no one like you and you’re gonna left off the softball team”
🤣 I love when you get sassy!! @1:39
I’ll be that guy as well…just to annoy you.  It’s pattern welded steel, never Damascus steel. The two are absolutely and fundamentally different steels in both the patterns and how they’re actually made. Traditional Nordic and Japanese steels are pattern welded.  Do you call paper cardboard or cardboard paper? No.  😂  Have fun!
Denim
DENIM PLEASE
Kinda reminds me of a topographical map from an alien planet.
I challenge you to build a wooden lathe.
Denim.  Innovative! I had a thought that you could develop the pattern next time by cutting out wood shapes like you'd see in a Damascus napkin; for example https://www.christies.com/img/LotImages/2015/CSK/2015_CSK_10693_0228_000(a_set_of_forty-six_damask_table_napkins_commissioned_by_the_royal_hous112050).jpg?mode=max
"Live edge denim" was so hilarious and outrageous i had to comment, well done cant wait to see it.
I may have missed some videos but how about chairs to go with these tables?
I've just recently discovered this channel and, as someone who couldn't fabricate a 2 x 4 into, well, a 2 x 4, I'm absolutely fascinated.  I love how you present these videos, and your sense of humour is absolutely brilliant...great entertainment!
It is the first video of yours that I watch and honestly the last. Obviously, you're very talented and the table is beautiful and unique, but you're so aggressive in your communication through the whole vídeo and your ego is so inflamed. That's not the kind of creator I want to support. I'm surprised other people didn't notice.
honestly, I still prefer a walnut table than this :)
what a stupid idea, just the waste is an absurd, these youtubers when they reach the point of making an absurdity of money, immediately they start to have stupid ideas, just like this one. What a waste, also you notice , they use a lot of powerful tools, which makes them zero craftsmanship. Not for me and PLEASE DO NOT LIKE OR SUBSCRIBE THESE KIND OF ROBOT KRAFTSMAN - they use zero imagination, zero craftsmanship and a lot of machinery, computers which makes them human robot with zero skills.
Hey, I’m not a table expert… but I know this is the coolest table I’ve ever seen!!!   I would die to have it in my house!
Denim looks amazing
CORDUROY
More denim
Out of curiosity How many tables do you sell in a year? I imagine this too a few weeks of actual labor and many more for planning. I looked at your price on this and was shocked to see its 17k. I knew it would be expensive. its hand crafted by an individual person (well two people but primarily one). Its beautiful and it falls into the modern art category more than the "this is my desk/table" category. its eye catching and unique. I just couldnt imagine paying half a years salary for one table, but then again Im poor and whats half a year for me isnt the same as whats half a year for others. I was convinced prior to this video that your funding came primarily from what limited advertisement you do, affiliate links, and ultimately from youtube (i mean 2.5M subscribers and 70K views should amount to decent ad revenue). So really the thing im curious about and wouldnt mind seeing is you update the description with a "Sold for X" after the table sells. Not so much for boasting purposes but for a curiosity purposes. ive always wanted to get into woodworking. Im familiar with many of the tools as i grew up with a grandfather who had several tens of thousands (hell i wouldnt be surprised if it was hundred thousand+) worth of tools and machines. I have a goal in my life to one day be able to set up a basic wood shop for making small items and gradually work my way up to furniture.
this has no reason being this entertaining. i watch this guy for the same reason i watch JerryRigEverything. Amazing work and top-tier narrating/commentary. they also have very similar ways of speaking and humor
Hey I don’t have social media but I wanted to share this incase you are able to get molds made for easy release: https://youtube.com/shorts/TUi1v0ZqHNY?si=RDo9akqvssEx1lmU
@blacktailstudio : Any chance you could do just a everyman type job? Maybe you go to somewhere like Lowes or Menards and pick out the wood. Do a few projects that you could make for around your house. I would love to make my Wife a pair of bedside tables. Don't have the tools or money to get the type of things you have.
Hi Just curious if you are using the gem sander for sanding or for just sealing. And why??
I have a challenge for you Cam that I currently specialize in would be amazing to see it published if your interested
loved the denim table, maybe a slightly heavier base ?
Denim yes 👍
Denim Cam your the only denim epoxy expert I’m aware of. 7/8ths on the router edge looks great.
Yikes! Nasty fan of the week. No idea how you can get haters with some ch great videos. I luv your channel and hopefully will signup for your course on making my own humble channel. That's my goal anyway.    This afternoon I was so entertained by your videos that I forgot I set something in the oven for lunch and only now, past 2:30 pm, realized I was exceptionally hungry. This might be my new weightloss plan 😜
Denim, looks good, for me I would love to see how will this go with something like curved legs! Great job...
Here's another idea. The first four ideas on your first denim table. How about a rocking chair in denim? Lots of curves in a molded seat and slat back, curved armrests and the curving base (whatever it's called). I think the texture and layers would really pop and be awesome with a curved complex design like a cool rocking chair. Nightmare to attempt though.   Or how about a bentwood style desk chair? Pair it with a reverse table to your first. Use denim legs and a leather desk top to go with the desk chair. Just an idea.
I am very impressed with you boss, what you have created is truly amazing
Name suggestion: Croissant Metal
Denim - I dig it, but I'm an old blue jean wearing hippie...
Denim for sure!
Demin Table -  So Cool , Love it. Well done. Do more. A pair of Nightstands with top and a  drawer front made of demin. Now that would be awesome.  T.
Denim! Gorgeous! How much did the table sell for? Thanks, Bryan
The guy in the background @19:36!!! “What the **** did you build now?!” 😂😂😂🥰🥰🥰
Hey Cam! Thank you, you’ve basically taught me how to do epoxy and then I’ve gone and tossed my own mix in it 😉   Good work
The idea is unique
This channel is full of great and amazing videos
19:35 xD
That looks cool I like it that’s very creative headboard and nightstand and top of the dresser for a teenager. That’s what I see out of it.
Denim, I love it
That fan of the week needs to get a sense of humour, if they don’t like it tell them to f - off
Freaking love this table! Can't afford it but coming from a "woodworking" family.....I KNOW it's worth it! Beautiful job!
ur soo good with denim epoxy table ...  why not go for a denim cabinet aswell.
Well I think it's nice but little to busy for  me..I do think you could make easy cash by spelling a name my daughter said her name to vacuum the demi so when you ran threw planer it showed the name ..but it's really
You fixed your stairs! They look super cool now. I hope there's a video on that!
Denim❤ I think it turned out awesome, even the crazy eyes!😂
In Feb/2024 )I miss you.😊😊
Denim
So how many times per week do you have a mani pedi?
Regarding your remark on the strength of the table - it shouldn't be a surprise, you basically created a composite material with fibers (the denim fabric) and matrix (the epoxy). Not much different than how fiber-glass or carbon fiber parts are made.
Actual genius. 💪💡💡
Denim, denim ,denim. (Say 3 times fast, mario will be ruined)
Denim.  I never thought I would say that.  But oh, I have an idea for another project... how about a demascus toilet set? :)
Denim skeptic, but you pulled that off.  Awesome build!
How do I raise my kids?
That looks great! I think you should do more
Good job calling out the haters.
Dude. I would love for that to be in my office. Good fkn work
Those counter sinks are the best in the game. Love em
Unbelievable labour &  efforts on your part gave us boundless joys & love
I am so “denim” happy that I was able to catch this episode … very creative 😊
Denim! This is such a an amazing idea! I'd be very interested to see other colors as well, red or black denim would look so cool! As far as being fuzzy, my bet it's that the very center of the cotton fibers are not being saturated, even though the weave is, so when you sand open the weave and expose the very center of the yarns you can still feel the actual cotton fibers.
Your videos are amazing I love watching your videos for any inspiration on my own projects ur awesome dude
Denim for sure man I'd really like to see what all you can do with it.
I just watched a video by NoNonsenseKnowHow where he went to Los Vegas and picked up a 74 Gran Torino Elite and drove it back to Pennsylvania. In Part 3 of the trip he stopped at a State Safety Lane place to get it inspected. The countertop in the garage blew me away!  It had wrenches of all sizes embedded in the lamination.  The spaces where it was all epoxy had combination wrenches floating in them. Looked to be 3 foot by 8 foot countertop.  I'd love to see you create something like that for a customer...
ty
pro denim here!
Gorgeous!
Denim and f me that’s amazing
Spectacular experiment! Love the result
This is actually Amazing! Who knew a denim table would be so rocking cool, and stunningly Gorgeous!!!😎
Denim 😊
Just a beautiful piece of work.  Keep it up.
Denim. Table turned out awesome. Definitely would like to see more possibly even different color denim.
Please obtain your full astrological chart and post it i believe you have gemini/virgo qualities that I could never work with i absolutely love your creativity and your creations i appreciate all you do/i just could not do it with you
This is the most awesome table I have ever seen. There’s no way I could afford a table like this and made to perfection as you have constructed.  But maybe I can replicate this look with paint. If I try it, I’ll let you know.
More
Denim  Hahahahha I loved that “that red tool brand make steel ones” Hahahah but WP do make great tools
Love your videos.
very cool ! but 17k shiiiit
Denim Damascus is a thing now..! End of 10/10 love it 💙
Denim for sure!!!
Nice!! I learned a lot from your channel, thank you.
Me likey! Cool concept. I watched next to my snoring hubster, so I don’t know whether you thought you hit it out of the park or not, but haters can blow it out their ear. No one likes a douche bag.
I’m new to woodworking and really appreciate the info in all of your videos. I have a question for anyone to answer really… Would I be able to use the N3 Nano system on top of an Odies Oil / Wood Butter finish?
Sheriff of Demascus lol 😅
Denim for sure!
Love the denim! ❤
Denim. Hi.
epoxy is one thing: ugly proll furniture stuff
Does this guy really not give any credit to the guy that makes glasses out of denim? 😂😂😂
Above AVERAGE wood worker!!!! WHAAAAAAT haha you Sir a wood working MASTER in my opinion! Everything you make is so badazz and I wish I had a quarter of your skill……
That table does look amazing at the end.  Nice work!
Hello, bro so beautiful 👍 from, Nagaland 🇮🇳🙏
Denim! Hey Cam, is there any discount on n3nano Wood Pro Kit? Im' eager to buy one!! Keep up with the wonderful work you're doing. Ciao From Italy!
Hey Cam, another great table!! I'm looking at getting that Vesting oil but that UV light is super pricey... Is it possible to NOT use their specific light and use something else instead? There's much cheaper options out there for curing adhesives but I'm not sure if they'll work... Anybody know?? Cam ain't gonna answer this question and probably shouldn't haha
I fall asleep to your videos every night, these videos have helped me so much with my insomnia
Loved this video! You should try making denim table legs too! Thatd be cewl
Love this.
YES, DENIM.
Denim, great table. Very entertaining.
I love your videos!…my favorite part though is how you call out all the keyboard warrriors….not sure why some people can’t just enjoy the videos…keep em coming!
Denim is cool!
Magnificent, indeed !
No denim is my preference.  But this looks great.
Demin I've loved your videos for about 2 years now, and I'm working on a wooden prop sword. It accidentally  has a 2 inch thick blade. Any tips on how to thin it down fast and cheap?
Denim!! ❤❤ Please post more denim projects! 🙏
Very useful and useful .. . always successful friend ...Greeting from Indonesian traditional gold prospecting 🇮🇩😍🌼
Absolutely gorgeous!!!  Awesome job!❤
Have you ever thought of doing multiple pours, where each layer is a different colour. It would give a nice rainbow effect, or even multiple shades of one colour
There's a guy who makes sunglasses out of denim and epoxy. He's been working with it for 10 years. You might be able pick his brain
Should've screwed or glued a wooden handle or something onto the little round pieces of wood when you rounded them over
Just another amazing table from the Blacktail Studio. Niiiiiiiiice!
Denim!
Hey Cam from Blacktail Studio, I just finished my move to the PNW from Houston. I realized I was a daytrip from Goby walnut, and you were the first person I thought about. Thankfully I saw this video so I could quickly comment on one of the lesser Goby themed videos.
It's actually a crepe😂😂😂 a spacebag crepe!!!,,, in denim !!!😂
He thinks I'm interesting!
You are such a smart ass … and I love it!
Why?
3 color (red.yellow.blue)layers with lots of black (2 per every color layer) honeycomb denim ❤❤❤
Denim. Love the look and the way you figure things out by doing it.
Hey Cam, I was considering trying this idea on some cutting boards. Is this a copyrighted idea? It’s ok if it is 😂
Denim. Chairs to go with the table. Got to make the full set. The full jable and jairs.
Love love love this & good on you for showing those know alls how it's done !! 😂
You need a vacum table like Baumgartner has. It would make your setup easier if you continue to make mikarta projects.
Great work! Imagine that you can add a cool feature in the form of a terrain map with isolines and colour differentiation of heights.
Denim!! Love that you are creating something so unique and can’t wait to see more
your inspiratinal I always feel empowered after watching you produce quality, great standard to have.....
Black denim would look cool
denim.  but make smaller ones. with a more aesthetic feel.  then find multiple colors of denim! and the base! the base!. too plain
To route small part like at 4:09 i usualy put it into 0.5m clamp and hold it by the far end.
More denim please. I love the table, thank you so much for sharing.
DENIM AND MORE DENIM AND MORE DENIM!!!!!!!!!!
I really enjoyed your presentation of the denim table and you are right the straight grain oak is a sweet complement to the denim top!
Denim Try with Different construction of Denim like 4X1 or 5X3 Satin  Instead of the traditional 3X1 Twill.
Denim, love watching you build them. Just wouldn’t want to own one.
I would imagine that the reason you still feel fuzzy stuff when you sand is because the fabric is infused, but not every thread. Plus the thread is still in there. My hypothesis is that the texture is extra evident because the fabric is soft and the epoxy is hard. I saw a video explaining how your skin doesn't cut because the blade is using a back and forth motion. The skin being soft just moves with the saw instead of cutting. I suspect the fabric is doing the same.
Denim. That looks beautiful. I love it.
That table top look is insanely nice!
Extremely interesting and very creative; however, when I saw the title, I thought you were going to use old denim pants. I wonder what that would look like.
have you considered making a table out of stained glass or mosaic tile blended in with live edge?
DENIM she needs matching chairs. Canadian tuxedo style
Is an epoxy river bar stool something you could build? I would be interested in seeing how to build a set and couldn’t find a video.
Keep doing denim and other new ideas, Im here for it all.
Not many videos recently Cam… I hope everything is okay!
My husband explained Damascus knives to me and was highly annoyed when I said “oh so a metal croissant?”
It's great! Were you going for the dinosaur fossil look?
Denim-agine making it to the end of the video
I'm surprised you haven't pulled the trigger on your own $100,000 planer by now. Lol Fantastic content as always
Denim
It’s beautiful!!!!! MORE
I think your comment about the guy advising on Damascus & pattern welded steel was too much.  You said, nobody like you & hope bad things happen to you.  Something a little little less hurtful would be more appropriate..  You probably have more nerds watching than you think.
Though I am relatively new to your channel- my humble vote is definitely more denim projects. This table turned out really beautifully.
I can’t be bothered to check if anyone has mentioned Micarta yet
How come you don't use clear in the voids
I really like the patterns and shapes on the Denim table. The color is perfect. The only thing I don't like are the edges. In my opinion, they are too round, so it looks more like fancy bench than a table. :)
I’m asking as someone looking to get into selling my projects, but what makes your tables so much more expensive compared to what else is out there?
Could you make the smallest table ever?
No denim. I'm a huge fan of the walnut and black epoxy. No disrespect to the denim of course, you looked like you had fun with those.
First of all, OMG THIS LOOKS INSANE!! sooo sooo good, truely.. the psyhedelic aspect is incredible. The only not so pleasant thing i couldn't stop thinking is how much non-recyclable waste this cause, with all that denim and epoxy.. if only it was made from recyclable jeans or something, that could also looks interesting in a damascus.
Denim
Great! Love the denim. I personally prefer a different type of feed to it. But great looks if the Damaskus / Psycadelic…
@Blacktail Studio Please stop saying perfect!!!!! There is no such thing… Nothing on this planet is perfect or even close to it. Or maybe you just don’t know the definition of perfect… maybe look it up? It’s like listening to Hillary Clinton… annoying as hell.
this is so great my guy! well done, i am excited for your next trial run! keep it up.
I would like to see square edges though - each their taste. Have you done tests with cloth leftover?
To answer why it gets fuzzy when you sand and saw the finished piece, in my experience, even the most saturated and well infused home made micarta the fibers abrade out of the epoxy/ not be fully plasticized. As to making an unfinished denim epoxy table, the look and feeling is great, but given that it is still fabric, it will get dirty and stain quickly no matter what you do.
Denim 💙🩵
Denim, I like it.
Maybe your next denim table try using a paste machine for wallpaper make things faster
There is no fixing the fuzz: the actual cotton fibers are coated, not infused. Sorry.
We’ve all seen denim tables on YT. At least this one is different. ❤
Very Cool Sir.
denim is dope!
you should do a socks and underwear table next
I do not know anything about this kind of work, but I think it looks good.  I do not think many people will have such a table as this.  Well done as far as I can tell.  I like it.
jable
All over that psychedelic look, man. Boobs and Africa also.
That is jaw-droppingly gorgeous!  I hope it finds a home near the coast, giving a beachy, hippie, psychedelic vibe. I'd personally prefer a black base that completely gives all the attention to the table top. But, wow! What a fun project.
$17,000?!?!?!? For some denim??? Wild
I'm confused and don't understand how the pattern is created. The plywood pieces are all the same thickness. How does the planing expose different layers of denim?
Honestly I liked the look of your other denim table. Though the craftsmanship in this table is extraordinary, the other one simply looks more posh. Maybe it has to do with the choice of the colour of the denim fabric. But again, excellent craftsmanship. Kudos to you and Jerry.
Denim! Loved this. So many ideas.  Diffent colour combinations. Maybe carbon fiber.  Patterned Fabrics.  More deliberate design or abstract designs.  Really looking forward to more!  Overall shape and colour combo was fantastic! 🎉
Definitely denim! Some people don’t appreciate what goes into quality woodworking. My Dad was an awesome woodworker/craftsman and you work the way he did. You are a fantastic craftsman as well. That table belongs in one of the galleries in the Pearl (if it’s still as nice down there as I remember it being 15 years ago). Thanks for bringing back memories of my Dad with your work. 🥹 It warms my heart to see others do what he did.
Denim. Appreciate your feedback as always. So here is some feedback, blunt and female. Forget the haters who think they know better than you, you are an artist, embrace this and let go of your need to impress anyone that is not you. You do not need approval from anyone because you are unique, talented and a free spirit. Your ability to create is a gift and anyone who does not see that is just plain jealous or a rigid ignoramus that thinks formal training makes them better than anyone else, this is simply not true because they are sheep with a one track mind where creatives are free to think for themselves and often produce better art. Mozart nor Monet where formally trained. Also as a seamstress who understands fabric I would suggest that the "fuzziness" is created because the denim has fibres just like wood grain or meat so the plaining is causing the fibres to break or frey causing the fuzzies. fabric has a bias so I would try laying the fabric on the bias and see if this does not produce a better result and it may also work better during the cryovac process to pull the fabric tighter to the wood. Bias is the cross grain so you will use a lot more fabric but you may get the results you are looking for. I would be very interested to know if you try this and it works. When the grain is at 45 degrees to its warp (vertical) and weft (horizontal) threads it is referred to as "true bias." That being said this is a stunning table and one I would be proud to own.
ROFL
Denim- this was a really neat project. I enjoyed watching this.
You could have screwed longer boards onto the small circles for grip, since the screw hole would be opposite side of the routing, the hole won't affect the vacuuming.
Denim is good. Steel legs and denim sounds good to me, Do that.😀
Finally getting to this video Cam. You crack me the hell up when you respond to the trolls and definition Nazis.
Im gonna buy some anyway...but just wondering your thoughts or how to apply to a turned/lathed item
So since this is the most recent video ....do you think that the N3 NANO stuff would be good to use on turned pens?
I know nothing about anything but I’m assuming the denim gets fluffy after you cut it is because it’s not actually absorbing the resin, its just filling in the air gaps between the cotton fibers
*"interesting people"* that's a nice way of saying asshole 😹😹😹
Denim this is one of the best table ideas I have eave seen
@4:24 "Now I'm just entertainment"! You are the BEST entertainment!💪👍😎
Denim table is awesome! Great work! I wonder what other fabrics would work. Denim does seem to be he perfect fit for the job. I don't know if lace would work....
Wow, to say something like that about someone who corrects you is really pathetic. Shame on you and whoever raised you so badly.
Why You rude
Are you Matthew Mcconaughey?
Someone could help you to design hinged lever system to youre work table, so you could turn heavy slabs without compromising youre back. When it pops it is never the same. Stay safe.
Denim, this is my favorite project of yours so far !
Absolutely gorgeous ❤ I definitely like it better than the other one
Fun fact, the 'language police' type people you are frequently annoyed by are called Linguistic Prescriptivists.
How about demascus denim legs with a walnut/black epoxy top?
I hope that you are not trolled by showing that list of words. Too much roundover, but it still looks nice. Denim or no denim? It's your choice. When streamers ask, "What do you want me to play next?" I tell them, "It's your stream. When you're having fun, everyone can see how much fun you're having, and the stream is more enjoyable for the chat."
I agree that the roundover is a little too much. Personally, I do prefer the top overhang the base. That being said. It's impressive and beautiful.
Denim, you do amazing work.  You say you aren't an expert but with the perfectionist aspect of your work there is no one else that can come close to what you do
Soo.. What about making a table out of all the sawdust you collect together with small scrap bits here and there and epoxy?
That has to be one of the most amazing epoxy tables I've ever seen. For a new twist try dying the layers different colors?
You need a sharper blade. The ends of the blades are pulling little bit of the denim out. If you had more teeth on the blade it would be sharper and cut through cleaner. Or maybe use a single hydraulic press blade?
Cam, I enjoy your channel, especially the slip/fall type of content.  Very funny.  Calling something 'true damascus" is asking to be instructed on what Damascus is and where it came from.  And then, Denim Damascus?  Really?  Why not 'wood grain denim.'  That would at least stay within your wheelhouse.  Calling your work Damascus seems a bit out there.  You are not a metalworker, are you?
DENIM DENIM DENIM!
what full face mask are u using?
denim tables are the absolute best! it reminds me a lot of fordite actually. I'd really love a piece of jewelry made from that.
Demin. I love the way it came out. Try a kente cloth table next
Denim! amazing vid bud! keep up the good work!
Denim
incredible look, still I think I would of like a bit better a darker wood for the base but either way, it's really awesome
No Denumi
The comment about using a couple of brad nails, maybe a drywall screw, maybe some glue if you’re feeling sporty was perfection.
My wife and I work with twill all the time making club patches. The various colors that are available might make for a very colorful project but I am not sure how that would work as it is a little stiffer than the denim.
Loving your sense of humor in this video.
Denim....if you can use denim then you can use any type of fabric, I wonder what carbon fiber sheets would look like or carpet grass sheets if you could even run that thru a planer???!!!
The denim fibers poke thru after its ran thru the planer as the epoxy doesn't get into the actual fiber it covers it but doesn't absorb all the way thru each and every fiber thus when you plane it or sand it the exposed fibers pop up!
All those people are giving their opinions which nobody asked for, never give your opinion unless someone asks you for it...that's my motto! By the way the staircase video....I'm sure you knew it flexes when you walk on it and the weakest point of it is right in the middle of the center post, I thought maybe it would look cool with a center support from the center down to the floor? Just an idea.Probably wouldn't looks as good though.
Super Cool — let me know if you need my address…
Adore the way this turned out! From the jump I thought I would dislike the end product but this was a very pleasant surprise! Also, thank you for your creativity and spirit of exploration! I've worked professionally with laminates and vacuum bags and know how much of a pain the process can be!
Batman is in Turkey!
Denim! 👍🤘 Not entirely certain why , but the fuzziness may have to do with the fact that it is fibers on fibers strung together with more fibers. No matter how much epoxy you use, it will always get fuzzy and soft to the touch when roughed up (or sanded). I love the transformation when you put the table top coat on. 😍
Oh darn. I have been enjoying your videos but when you start dropping the F bomb it is time for me to move on. Otherwise nice channel.
Denim or no denim, keep doing what you love. That's what makes your videos so great!
I think it’s very classy, high tech meets blue collar so to speak. To all those trolls, kick rocks and catch up with your crowd, you’re on the wrong channel!
Awesome!!
you know they are laughing at you.  you are a cartoon character.  everyone like the coyote.  trump you vote by mail, what a dope
Denim . I love the creativity
are you a child of the sixties, beatles era baby.  I like your channel, you are a specialist.
Denim for sure and you should maybe do an acid wash denim table or better yet black denim so when the pattern comes through it would be black and white. Paired with black or white legs, maybe even chard. Or use the legs for a pop of color like red. Anyways I absolutely love your channel I watch every video till the end. This is my first time commenting but I just have to see the black and white denim table. Think you’ll love it too. Hopefully have some fun making it as well. Great Job!
denim, but no Ikea legs, hahaha. JK, It looks realy good, personal opinion darker legs whould have been even better. That finshed demin actually suprised me at the end... Nice work!
Insane
I’m reminded of a Little House on the Prairie episode. Probably one of two I watched in my lifetime-because the father was a woodworker as well as a farmer.   Charles was hand making tables. Along came a supposed customer who purchased one, broke it down and mass produced it for far less money-putting Charles out of business because his craftsmanship couldn’t compete with the crapsmanship of mass production.   IKEA or someone in China will probably watch this video. And because it’s manufacturable and not relying on precious slabs of wood, they will copy it.  And we will see similar copies at cheap prices.   Do what Charles did. Put your brand on yours under the leg base, so someday, Sotheby’s or Antique Roadshow can tell it’s an original.
Denim!
Denim.  I liked the look on the first table you built before you sanded it to a uniform color.  This takes that to a whole new level.  Let’s call it two ends of the possibility spectrum.
Perfect
Brilliant, love it
denim great work!
Is this video of yours stolen? https://youtube.com/shorts/9IfpnG8w-Cc?si=rEirTWUzhzMDZUcp
more🙂
I think I would use different thicknesses for the wooden pucks the next time. The different heights of the bumps would give you a variable look to the Damascus grain in the field of the table, and likely would cut back on the psychedelic swirling throughout. Just a thought.
How many people have written "Did Jay Leno buy it?" yet? I'm afraid to look.
Denim is good. Call me a basic bitch, but that base is gorgeous. Yeah, that denim top is gorgeous, that is going without saying, but simple elegance of that base is stunning to me. I am going to make that base with a simple top painted white. It's going to be cheap as dirt yet beautiful.
Actually patern welded steel is called damascus at this day and age, language changes and progresses, Arabian monosteel that was known as damascus is now mostly called wutz. Patern welded steel, that vaguely resembles wutz, which looks that way because steel was completely liquified and was floving and bubbling, completely overtook the term damascus in modern vernacular. Hate all you want, I was the one picking players, not the one being picked!
$17k !
Denim!   I loved your first table also.   A one-of-a-kind beautiful piece of art.
A thought on why the table /might/ get "fuzzy" again, even though it's infused with resin: it kind of reminds me of sanding 3D printed plastic with a low-grit sand paper, ike below 200. It roughens up the surface so much and so "uneven" that it also feels "fuzzy". Maybe the combination of denim + resin has a similar reaction.  As for the question at the end, I definitely wanna see more denim projects. This is fascinating.
Denim Damascus tables look so cool, it kinda gives off like cartography vibes. Could be interesting to play into that a bit? Maybe with corduroy too? Make like islands or something?
Denim- technically this isn’t Micarta. Micarta is a phenolic, not epoxy, resin product and a brand name originally crated by Westinghouse and now manufactured by Norplex. Nah I’m just fucking around. I’ve made a lot of micarta from a wide range of materials- kevlar, burlap, silk, denim, canvas, paper- I would consider this a nice table and would love to have one sent to me for free. That would be nice.
Denim. For a table. I haven't worn denim in years because unlike this table, denim clothing is not flattering or functional.
Super
This is coooooool!
Fantastic work as always!!!!!
More denim! ❤ And less f*words please. 🙏🏼
26:16 Personally, I think scott was right.  It looks like it's coming out good, though!
Yay Denim, I like it!
Despite your warning and threat of banishment I must point out that the metalworking technique that your table most resembles is NOT Damascus but the Japanese practice of Mokume - game which uses dissimilar metal sheets heated and hammered together and then sanded to reveal a woodgrain pattern. Have a nice day😊
Holy Wow i just went to your website to see if you had sold the denim table but nope still there. Wish i have 17,000.00 laying around. I sure do love this look. Great job.
Denim: I remember hearing about this one dude who makes glasses or frames for glasses out of denim and epoxy from the uk or something … it may be on a smaller scale but I feel like he would know something about technique and questions that may pop up?
Wow,I’m just a bit past the halfway point in the video and you had put that first brushing of epoxy on and OMG insanely cool. I really really LOVE it!!!
Damn man. That's a great table.
Was a delight watching your work!
Denim no denim love it and want to see what other kinds of designs are possible now that you've mentioned specific spots you caught on this one lol
In all the excitement over whether he could,  he never stopped to ask whether he should.
DENIM...how much 4 table? I've not seen a link.
You earned your crown, King. Amazing.
Denim is definitely a different concept for a tabletop though I think it looks amazing and you should try another
Pretty cool. A big sheet of denim micarta.
Denim. I ❤❤❤ this table.
Denim, looks awesome
Denim!
Denim, loved this and thought it was a great end result 🎉
You got a new subscriber 😊
Stunning.
I want that report on my Jesk by 5.
Knife guys dream. Looks just like a micarta knife handle. Awsome
DENIM! DENIM! DENIM! DENIM! DENIM! DENIM!  MOREEEE DENIM!
Sorry but Africa is great.
you totally inspired me, you know that saw youre using isnt actually technically a skill saw. and you arent actually drinking a coke.
We need more denim. I really, really like your denim tables they're awesome.
This is the first video of yours to pop up on my feed and it’s the first video in 17 years of YouTube that begins with a diatribe about how one should comment on YouTube. I hope I make it to the end! This idea also seems cool in silence.
Holy shit thats crazy pretty! Thanks for a really interesting upload❤
You been lifting bro? You're bulking up.
I have so wanted to be one of the trolls that you put down at the end of a video, I just can’t find anything to be critical of. I have watched dozens of your videos and find them very entertaining. 🤘🏻👍🏻
Denim   Your list reminds me of when my wife was a guest on a local talk show about being a mother and they were told that they could NOT use name brands "No Kleenex, no Q-tips". Well, they did a spot asking the ladies if they could identify different tools, and guess what everyone called the locking pliers?  I was in the green room watching and was like, "am I the only one who knows? Oh well". I told my wife at the end and she let the hosts know, but it was way too late. Maybe they edited it out, as the show wasn't live to air, but I never saw the episode on TV so can't say for sure.
Denim rules. Keep up the awesome work. I would love to be able to make something like this. I’m very jealous of your talent and your work shop.
All this talk about Damascus, as though no one has heard of Micarta. There is already a consumer brand for this product.
Micarta anyone???
Ralph Lauren needs a table like this
This is absolutely beautiful... I love it. I remember the disastrous first denim table you made which turned out awesome in the end.  This one is a thousand times better, no disastors whatsoever, you flowed very smoothly.  However, I'm not so chuffed with the base, I wish it was different, or if the legs were a bit bigger.   It looks unstable although it not!  Great work ❤
Yes, I watch these videos for entertainment. I am too far along in life to invest in all that equipment and I'd have to build a new home with a huge garage.  I enjoy ALL your videos. They're free.
Denim
Now I wonder what cut pile carpet would look like when infused with epoxy
Your denim tables are extraordinary...well done!
I absolutely want this table!   It does have that psychedelic vibe - but that also depends on decor styling etc.   I see this in a modern home with tons of raw rustic details, lush materials and a nod to African old world art and textiles.  To me it’s EARTHY!!   Which I love…. Love so much that it looks like hypnotic wood. Or a dazzling pool of water.   Really beautiful!
arrrrr
Denim -cool but to me seems contextual?
Denim table destructive testing please. I think it would be really cool to see how it holds up. You mentioned it was probably the strongest table you made. Just curious. Thanks for the content.
Don’t let the haters get to you Cam
Denim, make a cool pattern with the blocks underneath, denim + wood if you sand through to the wood forms below.
I have seen plywood tables made with this type of topography-lay up.
Love it all
Denim
If your going to do more denim do more like that, maybe try all three colors next time.
Edit-  your table is beautiful. I will never make anything that you have, as I’m an old granny with no skill with tools, but i do need to laugh a lot more, and your videos fulfill my needs…
Denim, I think it looks wonderful. ❤❤❤❤❤
Denim!  A headboard and footboard.  Bonus points for sleigh style
It's a one of a kind beautiful
That table looks so cool. I would love a room themed with that demascus colors amd style.
denim. that Damascus look is very nice. the softness might be from the fibres of the Demin where you have sanded away the resin but left a little bit of the fibre a coat of Schlack or sanding sealer might help to harden these last fibres or a thin coat of epoxy would probably work better. Have you considered using the vacuum to  impregnate the resin into the Denim in a barrel or tube then unwrap and layout the sheets into whatever form you prefer, it might be easier and more precise than a roller? Love the work please keep it up. you know they make Denim in every colour imaginable? Rainbow Denim Tables are in your future, May as well be sooner rather than later?
Denim… Cam as always you’re making awesome furniture. This was an amazing idea, and the end result was beautiful. Sometimes you’re too critical, the Africa and breast augmentation spots are what give these ideas character. Please don’t stop experimenting.
Denim Cookie Monster!
It's actually not true denim unless it was made by Levi's in 1875 so.....
Denim, very cool effect, forged denim….
Another one? Deer lord this man loves to suffer 😊 PS If you're ever in central europe don't correct people on "these sneakers not being Adidas" it's not just a brand name. Same with denim being called jeans. Khaki pants mean any pants but only in khaki colour, not all chinos though :v
denim
bruh this guy a crybaby, u admit they was right and instead of going thank you, you just rant about it even after admitting its right. Mind u its the first 2 mins. lucky this has chapters. People leave those commits so when other in the profession see it and u that u know and use the right term. And to preserve its true meaning so it doesn't get miss used. ignorance it was.
DENIM looks awsome
This is more mokume gane. Check it out its worth a google
I love the look of the denim… what about a black denim..?
Denim  - mix deferent tan Denim colors with wood of different sizes and thicknesses, So when you go down the layers so wood shows.
Denim. you are truly a great woodworker and artist 🎨 !!! Imagine doing a company logo or all the continents so many possibilities. Great work!!!
I absolutely only watch your channel to see something done that I could never do. I’m a brilliant musician, toured the world as a drummer/singer. I love your channel ❤
Denim Oooh, that sheetrock thing, I've gotten the opposite, I've been using generic drywall before and the person corrected me "that is clearly sheetrock"
It is getting fuzzy, because by sanding, you expose all the small fibres of the fabric. Never made an epoxy denim table, but epoxy builds for car hifi stuff. I always loved to use these thick winter bed cheats for the first layer of the object (speaker enclosure) and I always got the fuzzy feeling, after giving it a rough sanding to make the next layer of woven fibre glas stick better. If I used that kind of fabric for very small stuff, I always had to give it a thin layer of epoxy, before prepping for painting. Same as you did here. EDIT: I think an ebonized oak base with a vinegar+steel wool sollution would be an ever nicer fit. EDIT2: 30:05 is 100% the cooky monster
Whenever I have to put smaller pieces on my router table, my favorite method is to attach them to larger pieces. if you don't need one side, you can screw them down and remove them later. If you need both sides, you can either use a double-stick tape that you know you can remove later, or glue with a sheet or 2 of newspaper between that separates pretty easily when you're done. If you end up with a scrap piece too big and it becomes unstable, you can always glue another piece or 2 of material with the same thickness as the workpiece on opposite corners to make more points to balance on and a wider frame.
I appreciate what you're trying to do... I've tried to do it myself. I've lost all hope though. We're so GD addicted to correcting people that it's extremely monetizable. Try to watch 5 YouTube shorts in a row without coming across one that has a mistake so glaring you think there's no way they didn't know what they were doing... It's because almost all of them know exactly what they're doing. Go look through the comments and 40% of them are correcting the mistake and 40% more are letting the fools know they're just feeding the algorithm and encouraging propagation of incorrect information because we react to it, giving more views, more interactions, and more money to the lazy creators. Ironically, THEY THEMSELVES are not only also feeding the algorithm, but falling to the EXACT same trap. They want to correct the person who's correcting the content. Letting them know they were mistaken, the content creator didn't need to know the correct information because it was intentionally incorrect. Only about 20% of them have any actual, unique ideas if even that.
Denim
Denim. iv never commented on your videos or subscribed but you always pop up on my for you page and ive watched a lot of your work. i dont do wood working or denim work i just find your videos fascinating and love to watch them. i also like how you are honest about what works and does not work. im subscribing now. also love how when you were running it through the planer one of the guys said "what the F*** did you make now" that gave me a chuckle
DENIM!!!!!!!!!!  You are nuts.  Artist cannot be any other way.  Continue, please.
Micarta 🤷‍♂️
bravissimo
"Come down and set the jable."
My first time watching you and I am in love 🥰 you are right 🙋🏽‍♀️ definitely entertaining 😂. Definitely inspiring keep making videos 🎬 this is what life is about 🎉
Denim. Rocking horse
Denim. Hey Cam, I watched your video on making the two sculpted end tables for under $100 worth of wood and sold them for over $1000 on Etsy. I was wondering where you were able to get the walnut that cheap, because everywhere I go I either can’t find a walnut chunk beam piece like that or it’s $90. Can you help me out? Thanks, love your videos!
Denim denim denim looks incredible 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Denim. One of the things that might improve the look of this is to layer the variation of light and dark a bit more like true wood grain where the color shift isn't as even. If you look at wood, there are lighter sections and darker sections. Maybe more variation in denim color?
More denim please. I love how it turned out!
I like the table top a lot, but the rest leaves a lot to be desired. The base is just so boring.
Denim!!
Omg, that is soooo cool 🎉.
denim is a very interesting material when mixed with epoxy. and i wanna make dice out of it.
The top looks great..alone....the base looks tacky.
when you bitched about drywall were you meaning plasterboard ? for a guy who put up a video of him contradicting his viewers and hoping they have bad thing happen to  them to then promptly dump litres of  resin onto his workshop floor,  KARMA IS A FICKLE MISTRESS DUDE
Awesome top, don't like the base.
19:35 “what the fuck did he make now”😂😂😂
Idea to continue the damascus look but more refined. Could do, instead of random blobs, some specific shapes. First one that comes to mind is a snake or dragon, like getting the pattern along scales. It would take some testing to see how fine detailed it would need. Similar to putting flowers or specific patterns in a blade.
😮
Denim  first video on the channel Ive watched....loved it!
I like this style out of the two denim tables, kinda would also love to see this style in those “wavy” benches you sometimes see in parks or museums.
You definitely should have listed the word Toboggan..
Denim and wood? It's surprisingly beautiful. I love the color.
Denim.... I love it 💕 it turned out fantastic 💖
Hey make a game table poker ping pong air hockey every table game you can think of combined make it universal
Denim! That is a beautiful table. I work with epoxy on a much smaller scale but I've wanted to try layered fabric in epoxy for a while, thank you for the tips!
Beautiful table brother, that looks so amazing. Keep on keepin on...
I wonder how it would look when you plane an infused wood chip table 🧐
That isn't true Damascus denim.  What you've made is pattern epoxied denim ya dork.
i like it
Denim. Yes. I like this keep doing things
denim: I think it’s pretty cool! Only thing I don’t really care for is the slab being flush with the base, but to each his own. It’s really cool and I can see the possibilities.
Query: I have been admiring your equipment, (and your beautiful work) particularly your big foam cushioned floor buffer that polishes so very well. I can't find it by description or photo. So, I'm asking, what brand and where'd you find that puppy, sir?   I am also wondering about hearing protection, what do you recommend, I am wearing bilateral hearing aids with digital noise reduction, that cost more than my best Ham radio... So I do not want it to get any worse.  Keep up the good work, do your Damascus any way you like, I think the Denim Damascus is gorgeous, I wish I could afford to buy it. After a career as a motor cop that ruined my hearing, and put me off the job, I am now retired and  looking to reinvent my work and be useful, earn a bit... I'm in the mood...  Peace out my young brother!
If you're looking for more info on the 'epoxy denim' proccess, just look up Canvas Micarta... We've used it in knife making for decades, & it's all this is...  That said, Awesome table.  :)
Totally fucking cool.
Wtf? We want the corrections. They're interesting tidbits of info, which link to historical curiosities. They're valuable as both entertainment and knowledge.
This one is sick, realy good job on that. Try to make one day a lava desk with the glass, epo, the wood and glass 😉
more denim!
19:34 Me every video
nice list of ubiquitous things. hope no one corrects anyone speaking of any of them again!
Denim, love that! Great job on finishing it.
Maybe denim?  I love your videos.  Have for a good while now.  So I'm hoping I took your rant at the beginning the wrong way.  (Where you slammed the guy who was trying to help you learn what actual damascus was.)  Because I lost a bit of respect for you during that rant.  Yeah, it may have annoyed you.  However, a person should always be willing to learn.  You seem to really enjoy learning new things in your videos, so why would that have been any different?  I guess I'm asking that you try to keep a more open mind in the future and remember that not everyone's brain is wired the same way.
I really like this, it gives me Persian rug vibes… maybe that’s an idea! 😊
I liked for the list of words that do not need policing.
EXCELENT
Denim: YEEEEEEESSSSS!!!! 1) watching this video makes me feel like I single-handedly dragged you into your denim era by leaving a comment on your last denim table video 😆😆😆 (not really, but kinda) 2) can’t wait to re-watch the list of things not to correct people on in slow motion 3) somehow, clicking the link to find out how much this table is going for makes the impossibility of owning it much more devastating than simply clicking away and waiting for your next denim table video to come and fill the void in my heart that never being able to open one leaves…until then: bravo 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
I'm entertained!  Therefore, I'm subscribing 😊
Where do I place orders for commissions? Or are you doing any right now
wtf did he make now   : had me laughing
Why dont you try to make the legs from the same material.
More Denim!  Really like it.. awesome table.
Denim. Beautiful table Cam!
woah.... Laundromat is a- [googling commenced] wow, competitor was Washateria, crazy. whole list be crazy, pause and read at 2:40 if you didnt.
Denimascus!
Lets goo Johnny Sins uploaded
it looks like the handle of one of my dawson knives. a blue g10 one.  meaning it looks awesome.
Noice roundover! don't listen to Scott!!
Great video!  I really wish you would make a book with all your funny responses to the comments.  I'd buy that!
Around the 20 minute mark you asked about the fuzzyness of resin-infused denim. You might want to contact Mosevic, he launched a business all about denim micarta eyewear, you two might have a nice chat.
It would be cool to see you make a table from just old discarded clothes. probably would be a lot cheaper. I would also think it is something that would look real cool, or real ugly.
Denim! Stunning table, i absolutely love it.
Denim! i am no woodworker nor am i a denim epoxy guru (also not sure if you’ve found out already) HOWEVER - regarding the fuzziness of the denim tops after planing/sanding i believe the reason is regardless of how ‘infused’ you get the epoxy with the denim you’re not altering the composition of the denim itself - you’re only saturating the cotton fibres and replacing the very tiny pockets of air with epoxy - so cutting across the fully dried epoxy denim slab (or planing or sanding it or whatever) especially when there’s no way to guarantee all the pieces of denim are completely parallel to each other, will sometimes make it so the last layer that was ‘planed’ (idk terminology so bear with me) will have some spots where the last material to be removed was some epoxy and/or some denim, exposing some of the cotton fibres. This is my fairly accurate guess. I LOVE THE TABLE!
FRICK THATS COOL ❤
Denim !
Multiple color denim
It's not denim unless it's from the Denim region.. then it's just jeans
Denim! I loved the top, wasn't completely wowed by the base but I'm not expert and couldn't do better hahaha
Denim thank you for this great video
Beautiful ✨
DENIM❤️ Have been laid up, not able to do much, but watch YouTube.  What an awesome thing you’ve done with denim.  I was happy to hear you’re from Oregon with all your WOOD🤪. I’m hoping to see more of you while being Laid up. Your sense of humor cracks me up. I’m wondering if you work close with clients? I have a piece of furniture that I have in my mind to build for my TV/family room. I think you might be the perfect fit with your crafty hands. I’ll have to watch more of your YouTube videos. Do you primarily focus on table tops desktops?
This dude has much to high of an ego.
I took a shot everytime cam said denim ( i dead)
You've basically made denim micarta like they do for knife handles only larger .
Denim!! that is really a great result!! i have to say, that is very unique!! thanks! keep the new ideas flowing!!
I came for the woodworking. I stay for the narration….
Denim
Denim, do more denim. Make it more psychedelic or use maroon denim. No more blue please.
Just recently found your channel and have been loving it. Not sure if you've already come across the idea, but have you ever thought of building a table for tabletop games? Something with pockets, drawers, etc. for everything from board games to stuff like DnD or tabletop war games like Warhammer 40k. I feel like you could make something amazing and also find a buyer for it!
I'd climb on those pieces of plywood
You forgot to include Frankenstein on your list.
Denim!! Fantastic table!! Love to own one 👍👍
Denim.  Although I wouldn't make it more than 20% of your overall content.  The denim stuff is really really cool, but your wood pieces are some of the most beautiful pieces of furniture I've seen in my 50 years on this earth.
can i just say ive watched u for awhile and ive never heard you say the f word so that was a shock lol
Great video!! Table looks awesome   Side note: what happened to the slider on the sawstop?
Denim, the texture of kings!
no denim. I really quite enjoy the parts of your other videos where you, prepare the wood? Idk, remove rot and such, probably my favourite part. This isn't bad, but the usual epoxy tables still win for me :-)
Denim: Love what your doing "But" what you created is better described as (MOKUME-GANG) see my belt buckle in my profile pic. When i saw your first denim table and the first pass through the planer, my thoughts went directly to mokume because of the pattern,   I learned this technique in metalsmithing during my college days.  i was gratified to see you thought of the same technique.  instead of dozens of different metals dented on the back and shaved on the front , your use of wooden patterns is quite unique and innovative with the material you are working with.  looking forward to seeing where this takes you as an artist!
Denim - recycled ♻️ denim?
as a professional seamstress I'm thinking this would be awesome as a work table/fabric cutting table. Unfortunately I live in Finland and am poor af
try red and black... colour denim, where red be blood red bit on bright side ,it will look lovely ❤,keep going sir, your supporter forever
Americans confusing an ancient technique with a brand is what I didn’t know I’d witness but it kind of makes sense and not surprising at all
Hi Cam, all of my local suppliers are offering wood boards and slabs only 5cm( 2") of thickness, and I was wondering is there any workarround to make my tables thicker, is gluing two slabs or boards together going cause the top to bend or twist or even separate, and how much it will affect the aestetic of the whole end product? Or am I just suposed to make smaller coffe tables because of this issue? Or maybe make denim tables like this 😂? Love the channel, keep it up!
Demin.
Denim! I've never heard of anyone doing this, and that table is cool. Let's see more.
I love your ideas.   And for the naysayers out there...fie on them!
Maybe cross between Jeff and Howard stern.
Your voice sounds like young Jeff gold bloom
Do you know what Mario's favorite kind of clothing is??? Denim Denim Denim!!!
Denim! Now im curious what demascus leather would look like?
Denim that’s bad ass
Awesome Table
Denim! I said that though to follow your instruction because what I really want to see is different materials used for tops.  But only if they come out as appealing as this one. Sharp build! Is the inquisitive, industrious perfectionism in your "genes"?!
Hey man ! your work is legit , i love it ! Ever thought of using design software to test the parametric pattern for wood mouldings .There are great software like Grasshoper or Dynamo. that could actualy help you define table contours even before touching the plywood ... And I too have to admit, its a bit too psychedelic.
The M in ATM stands for “machine.” So it’s silly to say “ATM machine.”
That was kind of a jerk thing to say about the guy who corrected you on your use of the word 'damascus'.  You even admit he was right, and he was probably just trying to be helpful, but you're telling him that nobody likes him?  Take it down a notch.
OMG! It looks like blue wood from some undiscovered part of the ocean or something! You are so entertaining to watch. Thank you for sharing your thought process with the rest of us.
More denim. Do you ever think about expanding your business ?
Oh holy shit, it's a jable.
Cam you didn’t ask for it….certainly don’t need it, but just a thought. Never, and I mean never feed the trolls. Let em starve, it’s the thing they fear the most. When you acknowledge them you legitimize them.
I like the last shot of you sitting at the desk in a well lit room
👌 perfect
As a machinist, and hobby epoxy worker, I've experimented with denim micarta before. I've wanted to try ever since I saw Peter Brown make a denim bracelet years ago.   He said the same thing you did in his video. Even though the denim fibers are fully impregnated with epoxy, once cut the surface becomes soft to the touch.  I believe this is caused by the fibers being flexible. As the cutting tool takes a chip off the epoxy, the fibers are torn and some remain sticking out of the workpiece.   When I made my worry stones out of the denim blanks I kept this feel because I thought it was unique. But after seeing how much darker and vibrant the tabke became once you covered the fibers agian, I think you made the right choice in doing so. Plus with it being a table that might experience liquid spills, I don't think it would be a good idea to have exposed cotton fibers hanging around.
Denim for sure! I loved it ❤
Denim. Great job!
That's not damascus That's denimscus
constructive criticism: you should have made the wood pieces that you used to give it form a bit more varied in thickness so there's more than one bottom layer that gets exposed and covered again. idk if I'm explaining properly but having all pieces of wood equally tall, and then plaining the epoxy denim will always show the same layer up in the middle of those pieces. also making all edges equally round will provoke the same thickness of pattern on all the table. for your next project I'd suggest carving those edges and those thickness manually without any measurement so the end result has a little bit more variation and looks closer to damascus steel patterns
You are a mediocre wood worker at best...
no denim
Never hear of vaccum infusion man 😂😂😂
Denim vids! 🤩
You should try epoxying 3” strips of denim together into “boards” to give a fake wood grain effect, then build the table as if they are boards of wood.
Denim, but thrifted Denim! Or other kinds of thrifted fabrics. Especially when you talked about how you thought Epoxy can save wood that would have been discarded anyway, I'm sure Epoxy can do the same with old fabric!
Denim - I have been enjoying your videos for quite a while now and learn something each time ( even if it's what not to do ).  Keep up the good work brother!
It's beautiful, but not to my taste at all
i dont like you either, leaving now. but i dont hope bad things happen to you. that guy used the comments ecactly as they were intended
thats cool!
I call this experiment a success story!
If Matt Cremona made one he'd use whole jeans and leave the crotch in it.
Denim. Hi Cam! Is there a possibility for me to get n3 in Germany without paying 55€ for Shipping from the united states?
We really love watching.   Love the denim table.   If we do not try something new, what fun would that be.   Love it
Denim now for fun try using a steel wire mesch and some copper wires also back in the day when epoksy resin first got to east EU it was popular to make small coffe tables or desks with plants shels and stuff... I would love to see U try it... also in order to make high end laminat its nesesery to use hydrolic press and some serious tonage...
African continent ouch
😊😊😊😊 I love this table you did a great job on it❤❤❤
Denim for sure! This might be the first time I can offer real advice for you too. The reason the resin dosnt soak all the way though it seems is because denium and other materials like canvas have lots and lots of tiny little tubes that takes a lot to get resin inside. Unless you can get an even stronger vaccume or get more resin between each layer it’s just a little unavoidable.   The other thing to note about the fuzziness is most micartas which is basically what this is use phenolic resin. I believe it just sets a touch ‘harder’ but it’s way worse for humans.
It's good to see when it works but the experiment is the excitement of the video. And when it sometimes fails you can also learn a lot... It's important to know how not to do because a wrong step can ruin ten good steps you had done before..
I prefer wood but you do make denim look great. I also agree the finished look was pretty bold and perhaps a touch over the top. I'm sure there is a buyer out there that will think this is the tits, though. Great job.
Denim more obviously.
Denim I loved the way you described the sheriff comments re "Damascus" - it really made me chuckle. To be fair, some people can't help correcting things they believe are wrong (autism etc), but when they don't stop, or are rude and arrogant, well, then they're just dicks! Your response to said dicks is hilarious!!! 😂  Also, what the hell is a fluffernutter?
Please sir we want some more
Denim. this is one of the coolest builds you've done in my opinion. Great job cant wait to see more!
my mans bout to start sellin jeans hell yea
I love that he called out the damascus nerds in the beginning of the video and explained he knows what damascus actually is. Yet those bums still rushed the comments to *correct* him
Love the denim. I’d prefer the medium and dark denim together I think.
More Denim definitely. But with some maple, curly birch or cherry burl incorporated into the design of the piece as a direct contrast in organic shape and texture (not the base though). Then a minimalist spider leg base in something striking and strong, like a railroad tie crossover base. 😊
That base is so plain it actually takes away from the table, I know what u were going for, but it’s like u took a Ferrari and put Nissan Sentra wheels on it, it’s too understated for the top, and the contrast is very stark, it need some stain, something other than raw wood. I know u don’t care about this criticism, but one can hope 😊
Kinda like making micarta right? Reminds me of Rocky mountain treads in knife scales
Denim.  You have created another unique and beautiful piece.  I watch your videos because I can you use tools that I will never be able to afford and see what they do.  And, I love to listen to your commentary!  Keep it up!
its such a nice table, i love it! Good job!
Looks truly unique. Great job. Would be interesting to see it with black and grey dyed demin, really subtle differences in colour. Less contrast but that same beautiful finish, on a white or natural Oak.
Loved it. Subscribed just fir the entertainment. Also isn't that Micarta? Sorry,😁 I had to.
Like a diagonally cut sushi roll, laid on its circular side
I really appreciate the no BS attitude in these videos. You show off your expensive $75 marking knife, but then you also say "you could also just use a razor blade". I like that.
Unfortunately your comprehensive list was not fully comprehensive as it did not contain Hoover 🤷‍♂️😉
25:29 Actually, it's pronounced tur•byn (rhymes with line)
Denim - love the idea
Denim, Humm it’s cool  But very busy. 😅😮
I wish i could articulate my thoughts and feelings about your work, its progression from the beginnings of your page and how i felt from then until now.. wosh i could verbalize my thoughts in a way that does justice to how your work inspires me, has suprised me and changed my thoughts throughout the last couple years… maybe i’ll find a youtube writer/philosopher to accurately convey my inner voice… TLDR you started cool but not impressively talented in much more than slab/black epoxy/ minimal base tables- but then MASTERED that and gained all sorts of new skills and talents while venturing into creative unknowns and killing it!! You rock Cam
denim! maybe a second round of vacoume? so it doesnt go fuzzy?
Denim 👍🇦🇺
Denim please
Denim. I missed it, was that list the list of materials of your next 40 tables?  Blacktail Studio: "Challenge accepted!"
Out of this whole video the word “Stetson” has blown my mind finding out cowboy hats have a name is crazy
Denim
$20,000 for the this table in link 💀
This technique is closer to mokume-gane than Damascus
About a month ago I went on YouTube to get instructions on how to repair a rotted stair stringer. For some reason YouTube thinks I like doing woodworking or carpentry and has been recommending Blacktail Studio videos. For the record, I dislike carpentry and have trouble even swinging a hammer.  I have lost countless hours watching these videos and know I'm never going to build anything. I feel like an addict waiting for the next video, keep up the good work.
denim. that 7/8 in roundover was the right call (in my opinion)
Denim waterfall table?   Like the color of the base but a little too thin for my liking. Cannot wait to see more content like this.
That looks great. Want to be challenged?  Make a corduroy table.
Denim
Denim. I think it would be a funny little easter egg to put a clothing tag on the underside of the denim tables. Where it has the cleaning instructions/symbols, what material it's made of, and where it's made
Denim! I love the inventiveness and creativity here. This project opens the door to so many new possibilities! Great job Cam and Scott!
Demin. Cool, you basically made a micarta table. Knife guys will like it. You'd probably enjoy trying with burlap.
2:06 ngl I was going to correct you saying it wasn't Damascus...
Other finish was super sweet not a fan on this one
Try attaching something small to something big to handle it easier. Totally just a suggestion
UM ACKSHUALLY IT'S NOT DENIM IT'S HARD INTERWOVEN COTTON (i'm being sarcastic please don't kill me)
Denim I love this but it got me wondering when you said about keeping it fuzzy on what stuff would be nice to have a fuzzy wood like thing on then I thought, What is someone made a fuzzy fretboard for a guitar and I don't know how that works with the vibration But I do know that usually its just a soft wood that's on the darker side so this seemed like the perfect fit but I'm not a luthier and also I think getting the fret alignment correct would be near imposable with the top being fuzzy but I don't know just a thought I had.
That top is so beautifull, apologies but I'm not a fan of the table base, I understand where you were going with it, but I think the top could have taken something a little more elaborate. Just my opinion! But very well done on the top!
2:00 are you mad someone corrected your actual mistake becuase you wanted to call something else by the wrong name? thats wild to say some shit like that. Im gonna waste 10$ and have your youtube botted so your views get bottlenecked and your videos dont get shown as much. Good day to you crabbypants
Denim. That table looks freaking awesome.
Denim. Looks soooo good. Fantastic work.
Denim *Stares aggressively*
Denim.  Enjoyed the show.
i absolutely love this
my jaw was on the floor waaay cool
Denim or No Denim, either is fun to watch, but I like the wood better. I am really impressed and enjoy them all.
For all you lazy folks out there who're wondering how much it costs, but don't wanna go to his website, it's 17k usd.
Denim - have you ever thought about building audio desks?
Please do one with various colours of denim or another material, I really like the psychedelic look
denim this one is loud and awesome. Looking forward for the next one
Denim.. Absolutely amazing! Can’t wait for more!
A weedeater is a weedWacker    come at me bro😂😂
As a long time fan, glad you keep trying new stuff! It's awesome
no denim
It calls black studio. So I would like to see if you can do one with dark black and white denim, have fun.
oh. wow. this is the first video of you that i've ever come across and I need to drop it. what kind of answer is that at 2:00? who hurt you? If the commentor was rude to you, well, sorry you had to read through whatever they said, but just from what you tell it seems like they were giving you information in a good hearted way. There's no need to answer like that and extend it to "anyone who makes comments like that". sheesh.
3:07 Botched breast augmentation 😂
Denim with chard wood inserts would look nice.
i agree with all the items on the "don't correct people" list except one: hoverboard. because if it runs on wheels and doesn't HOVER, it's not a fucking HOVERboard  they're segways without handles
No denim lol
Sexy and amazing
Denim. Dude, that table is bad a** and beautiful. I absolutely love your method of making sure that your drill bit is square.
Denim....Another great looking table. I have always loved your work! I'm not sure how anyone can not make it to the end of your videos. Keep up the great work.
Depending on the level of depth in your molds while doing the bagging process you may want to utilize pleats or pleating .Its where you add strategic extra creases of bag material so you don’t get bridging or a spot where you get excess pooling of resin. This is a method used in composite layups for aircraft.  also it is good practice to cut out some breather and layer it under your vacuum port so you don’t suck up resin in your vacuum port ,once that happens it will most likely never work again . Things I learned in product development @ cirrus aircraft.
denim this looks dope
Denim wow I mean WOW the boob bit looks like eyes looking out frome deep Denim land
Looks really good man. Had an idea when you put in the threaded inserts, though it might be crap. Maybe there's a way to cast the table top with the frame attachment points in place to make it stronger? Bolts in the thread would stop them getting clogged. Or some iron strips with predrilled holes instead of inserts, for a farm/ranch rustic look.
Denim. Pretty gorgeous! Though yes maybe that psychedelic pattern can work on a different material. Or maybe wildly different colors of denim?   For blue denim patterns, perhaps try either watery/wavy patterns or something geometrical to contrast the swirls.
Micarta then I suppose
Denim.
Denim. That's really all
Definitely denim! I love your videos and work. I hope that someday I can also afford a table like the one you have made
Stop labeling everything that has some kind of layers as Damascus, it's fukin reetarded. Damascus steel was not called Damascus for the layering, but because it actually CAME FROM DAMASCUS.
people are all over fake "damascus" stuff now... damascus steel is a very specific steel, a recipe, liuke a katana is made from a specific steel recipe,  you don't call America Britain because it is two very different things...
Denim, denim like a jean.  Looking forward to more.  Maybe a CNC topical map of a lake would be cool.
denin. you know what would look cool witrh this style of denim tabletop overdyed denim when the demin is dyed after it woven with a contrasting colour like red,purple or green whiuch mostly colours the white weft threads leavuing a tonic or shot colour effect
Denim, Wow… like you, not really my taste … but both denim tables were amazing..!! Definitely more ..!!!!!  Thumbs up for sure ..!!
13:42 I wasn’t ready for that F boom 😂
Denim
Future denim idea? If you had a swoopy organic base, then when you plane it down it will expose the grain of the denim tree. What do you think. I think it would work pretty nicely.
2:10 "Nobody likes you and we all hope that bad things happen to you." Fell of my chair.🤣
Denim, you should make a shiny finish next time. But you should die the denim with different colors. Love this channel!
For $17,000 you'd think you can include shipping.
I'm just going to go ahead and complain. You sir are very talented and entertaining. Because of this I now have to subscribe and leave a like. 😅
Denim
Cool do one with Khakis
Does anyone else think Cam looks kinda like the male version of that canadian chick who splits wood blocks with swords and stuff?
Denim.    Love the idea and it looks awesome .   Since this isn't metal welded together, you can call the process Damascus if you want, or make up your own term.   I was thinking denimascus.
4:20 dont use rotary tools in gloves ever, please.
This is my favorite LGBT channel.  I love seeing gay men proudly making the art they love and sharing it with the world.
4:30 Silly that he would be liable, people should assume risk for any projects they do
Denim!  That is damned good looking!
2:30 Savage Cam! I love it!
Denim. Red demin next please
These denim tables are sick, keep up the good work and ideas, man! No rush, though, right?
"Demin damascus Micarta" is what this is, it also resembles fordite a bit.
Highlight of the video was the person in the background going "what the F*ck did you make now?" 19:35
Hey Cam. Your bagging technique is good. One thing I'd add is a doubled up stringer of the cotton breather under the valve running over the project. It helps soak up any extra resin so it doesn't ruin the valve. I worked with carbon fiber and fiberglass for nearly a decade. Also, if you're bagging something with lots of angles like this, a few "dog ears" would help a ton!  Huge fan of the channel. I live in Scappoose and pass Goby regularly. I'd also like to come to your classes, just trying to find time between owning a business and family time. Keep up the good work and we will keep watching!
Totally badass
At 29:40, I realized the only thing that would have made this better is to use a bronze or brass base
At my work we work with fiber  resin composites, we machine wet to keep the fibers on the edge from shredding.
I love the creativity and your sense of humor. I'm glad you don't take yourself too seriously. You may not call yourself an artist, but you are one, and artists are constantly pushing the boundaries, and experimenting with new concepts. Please don't  stop doing that, and also, listen to your wife. Her quality control position is priceless.😅
Denim. Cam, this table is really beautiful!!! More please.
This is beautiful! A real work of art! Great job brother. You gained a new subscriber!
This is a bit of an odd question, I apologize @15:36 what is that shelving/storage unit?
Denim. Sensational video and a beautiful effect, thank you for all the great content.
I would soooooo buy that table if I could afford $17k!  LOL. It's gorgeous though. I've only recently stumbled upon woodworking, epoxy, and resin crafting. I love all of it. This is one of the most  beautiful tables I've ever seen, and I've never imagined that you could use denim like that.
Absolutely stunning. I wanna make one for my wife.
Denim: I'm down for all kinds of layered media. Not sure you could do this with a papery bark but I wonder if it would just look like plywood or perhaps take on a completely different character...
Denim! This Is crazy good!
Denim =)
Cam I think it is beautiful and so unique  Wish I could afford to buy it
What a fantastically creative idea. I've been watching you for a while and really appreciate all your advise, even though you post as "entertainment", not tutorial. I am about to launch my first diy and woodworking videos, you have been an inspiration. Thanks
It makes me think of a geode, bet it would be fun in lots of colours
2:20 the problem is not the people who make corrections but the people who don't like to be corrected, for some reason people thinks that is bad or feel bad about it... You could be mad at these people or learn how to not feel bad about corrections, it is your choice, people are not going to stop being like they are
wow. well if you don't want people in your comments doing anything but agreeing with you I will stop the video 3 minutes in, give it a thumbs down and block the channel and leave you with your head in the sand. Passive agressive or what. cya
Denim Not completely sold on the look. At least not for me. A bit too much over the top. With that said, i absolutely love the boldness, the craftsmanship, the idea, the sens of humour, the franc parler... And even some of those F words i thought i heard 😂😂😂😂
Denim. also: bingo bango bongo, bish bash bosh
It is Trippy but it's awesome. You're being too hard on yourself.
Nice idea and well executed. The top came out very well. Shame about the legs though. It is like you stopped trying. The design is lazy.
buraco de bunda ✨️ 1:56
Denim !  Absolutely beautiful. I see a contract with Levi's, etc. Love your work.
Table look awesome, base so plain
it looked great before you started to apply the epoxy at 20:48, then I was that looks f^&(ing Awesome.
Denim. This table came out great! Awesome work!
This had to be one of my top 5 favorite builds you've done. Absolutely amazing
Denim - You're still a how to channel with the beauty of entertainment mixed with few comments and mistakes for us all to enjoy and learn from.
Not bad at all! 👍 Here is an idea, how about framing the next denim table top with some nice wood.
I'm leaving this comment to boost your YouTube algorithms.
Denim. And stick with Damascus denim because 'swirly-jeans desk" sounds stupid as hell. Keep up the good work and the creativity. Also, the 7/8" roundover looked good to me.
The word “denim” comes from a twill fabric called “Serge de Nîmes”, first woven in Nîmes, France. So is it really denim if it’s not made there 😝 😂
Beautiful
Fascinating...denim
Denim - I think I need more denim in my life.  I think it would be a fantastic to have a desk made of denim.  It could be cool if it was a computer desk made of denim.  The soft feeling denim could be integrated as a desk mat.  I'm not sure how well a mouse would slide over it.  Or how much lint it'll generate, but it just a thought I had about it.  Awesome content.  I can't wait until the next video comes out.
Hey Cam! I'm about to purchase a Wagner Moisture meter and I'm wondering if it's worth the price to buy the 950 Bluetooth meter.  Ps: I look forward to every video you release. your the GOAT!
More denim!! maybe even layers of other fabrics? i know in the 90"s we used fleece streched over wire frame and wood with fiberglass resin to make automotive body kits and speaker enclosures
Great work. Please, next time, doing another Damascus table  top and bottom support should be as unique. As you said "I inspire to be great craftman"  The effect took away from all the hard work from the Damascus design. It had the opposite effect. You looking first at your bottom support. Please forgive me.
More denim please!!!
Aerospace engineer here. I'm guessing the reason it's fuzzy is because the cotton fibers of the denim are too tightly wrapped around each other other for the epoxy to penetrarte all the way into the core.
Denim!!! Denim all the way! I think the next one should have more boobies! :D
Interesting video.  It amazed me to see how many tools you own in your studios.  I know nothing about this profession but I kept watching almost 30 minutes.  It is really beautiful.
More denim. More colors. Think about canvas in many colors
This denim table is stunningly beautiful. ❤
Is nobody going to say "micarta"?
think you can use this vac bag system to do sae car parts ??
Denim I see this was 10 days ago so feeling a bit like rocking up late for a wedding at church but at least it's the right one. I enjoyed this one, thx for sharing.😅
Beautiful don I love it ❤😊
Denim. 7/8” looked great, but 1” would have been cool too. IKEA it is not. Super fun process.
Would it also be the same as mokume gane?
❤❤❤Denim ❤❤❤love it I lovr the psychedelic  look would like to see it on a dark wood though
Denim. The top looks pretty good, but that base is brutal and I love white oak, just feels too simple maybe? Appreciate all the hard work.
Denim. Coffee table low to ground modern!
Hey man, odd project that I'm curious about. My birthday is coming up soon but myself and my buddies are all pretty strapped for cash. I'm wondering if you can do a cheap poker table build / DIY tutorial for something that I can reproduce on my own. I love to play poker up here in Canada as do my friends but we don't really have anywhere to play, I'd like to build a collapsible / space friendly poker table that is also sturdy. You have any ideas?
Denim !!
Denim
Denim! I love it! If I had 17 to drop on a table, I'd buy it! Who doesn't love denim?!
Came for the denim and stayed for the snark😂
Great job with this review. 2 tests that would be interesting for me 1) heating efficiency when using an induction heating top. 2) and more importantly how they hold up to high  heat. If you overheat a pan many pans go brown and the non stick coating starts to fail. Do any of the tested pans have that problem?
This is just as awesome as your Sun bent Epoxy table.. You think outside the box and make some amazing new creation’s. This looks just like Damascus and keep doing these kinda of projects. Let the haters hate because I have watched your channel for a long time now and your one hell of a craftsman / ARTIST of YouTube.
Denim. This project makes me wonder what two toned taffeta ( warp and weft threads are two colors which creates a fabric that changes colors if light hits it a certain way) would look like using layered  blue-green, purple-blue etc.
More Denim : make the frame out of denim and have a live wood slab as the table
looked the best at 19:17 please do 2 different light colors of denim if you do another and please do another no matter what this turn out great
That's an awesome looking table. Too bad that I don't have $17,000 laying around.
Think it's beautiful you have a gift to make beautiful things godbless ❤️
Denim  3/4 round over was fine
Denim - Being blunt, I love it!!!
Have never heard of FlufferNutter until this video.  Now that I've looked it up I hope I never think of this food combination again.
Denim
Man that looks great. Not sure if I’d want one but it definitely looks great.
Your work is outstanding period.  Love it!
Denim. More please!
The persistent fuzziness is why knife nerds are hot on Micarta for knife handles, it stays grippy. I’m sure someone will try to nit pick me, but you essentially made a micarta. My only question for you is did you consider making the block forms out of denim instead of wood? This way you wouldn’t have the voids you had to cut down the entire surface to. Then again, can’t argue with your results. Not too trippy, it’s beautiful!
Fairplay lad the table looked awesome.
Beautiful work! You should try it with camouflage material for a Veteran tribute table.
more denim for sure! i would love to see you add colors to it.
Denim for sure. My first thought with this technique was it's similar to mokume gane technique that is used in polymer clay. makes me wonder what other things you could do with this technique. also I am so happy to see how much your channel has grown. every time i come back to watch your videos i can see your success and it makes me so happy
amazon more Denim for sure
Not trying to be "that guy", im just genuinely curious. Would this not be considered micarta? Cool project by the way, it was fun watching this come together. Also I saw boobs too 😅
Calling out the negative comments isn't going to do a thing but get you more. Stupid people love attention.
Denim
You have some great time-lapses in your videos, could you place a wall clock somewhere in the background? Would love to see it spinning while you're doing tedius stuff haha btw, it's my first comment but is 4/5 year's i'm following you, big fan! <3
I think you look forward to the negative comments. The only reason you keep this channel going is to enjoy the negativity
Denumb  I ❤ it ‼️ Can I have it❓😆👍🏻
Oh wow! That’s gorgeous!
Denim this was 🔥
What’s the video and was very intrigued. I really like this denim table. How it turned out, on this table, though I wasn’t 100% with the base. I’d like you to do another denim table.
£17,000 😂😂😂 my guy is tripping off the denim fumes
Demin! I love this concept and would love to see what else you do with it. I'm exploring a lot of new things for me in my shop but what you are doing is art! Even if you weren't as talented as I think you are-your humor and the willingness to call out the troll would keep me coming back for more. Keep on with this exploration please!
Unbearable hipsters wet dream
Wow looks amazing,  love the blue color
Denim! I'd love to see different colors of denim too. It almost reminds me of the tiktok trend where artists painted in the heat map colors.
Давно не смотрел твой канал и понял, что зря. Столешница шикарная! Такое ощущение, что это слэб (спил) инопланетного дерева. )))
Denim. I love these tables, I really wish I could afford one lol
I would have just tacked those little bits to a sacrificial piece of wood to do it safely.
Btw. in a quest for recycling, people have researched fiber reinforced materials with fibers other than glass or carbon. Studies have been made on the usefulness and strength of fibers like cotton, coconut fiber and the like. Maybe look into it, i remember one report looking into the absorption/bonding of epoxy and these types of fiber.
more denim cause it turned out amazing keep up the good work sir.
Denim. You're the man.
I'm fed up with epoxy but this piece looks very great. Sometime it worth it.
Мне одному интересно услышать мнение лихого топора по этому поводу?
❤❤❤. Now this is very, very nice my guy. Very nice 👌 👍 👏 😀.
Great experiment 👍
Once again knocked it out of the park. Never thought of denim as a building material yet here we are.
Wow! You took the time to come up with that list. Way to go!
Denim,  could you try making a denim epoxy wardrobe/ clothes shelf
Whats the deal with the huge UV light on the finish oil?
Edit; Denim         I’m definitely subscribing to the channel with the most denim tables on YouTube!        From the channel with the most skunk videos on YouTube.
That looks amazing, it's left me wondering what other fabrics you could use.  I've seen Damascus blades with either copper or I believe there's one with gold.  Imagine a fabric Damascus table with sheets of metal between layers... Maybe not gold leaf that'd be too expensive... Is there such a thing as copper leaf that could be added in between layers?  Dunno just what came to mind.
I love your channel!!!!!!!!! And thanks for calling out all of the Grammar NAZIS!!!!!
#Denim try more colors, but that would make it even more psychedelic.  But do try some other fabrics i.e. Jute or khaddar (hand woven) cotton.
Cool table. I think a dark colored wood base would really complement the dark denim too
I think fuzzy tables and counters sounds awesome 👍 love it, didn't think I would and use more colors
Layered (different) metals and/or wood next?
At the very end you stared into the camera as though attempting to stare through the very soul of the viewer. Impressive.
ugliest thing ever
“WHAT THE FUCK DID HE MAKE NOW!”  This guy stays working! 😂   Finished table looks freaking epic!!!
At 26:22, if you want the pillowy rounding and the bottoms of the corner don't need to be square, you can get good results from rounding the corners before you round the edges. Wouldn't have worked in this case since it was flush and the bottom frame was not rounded, but just an fyi to anyone reading.  Sometimes the order you do things in can matter.
If your Damascus police want to be truly technical, we can no longer make true Damascus due to the fact that the material, make, and process has been lost to time. Therefore we use the term o describe the pattern type. Either way, craft on and let the others sit down. I dont see their videos coming up in the algorithm.
The way I learned to router small pieces is to lay an old piece of carpet pad on a workbench, place your piece on that, then use a handheld router to go around it. Take a little at a time with multiple passes, take too much and it will try to bite it and throw it across the room. Getting your fingers that close on a router table is sketchy - which you already know because you were hesitant to do it. Listen to your gut, if it feels sketchy, think of a better way. You can get free leftover scraps of carpet pad at any carpet store. They also work well to lay pieces on when sanding, do a pretty good job of preventing the sander from trying to walk the piece around the workbench.
You should make a table for cameraman
Technically wouldn't this be a micarta table?
Denim
I would call it micarta table not damascus
This is literally the only YouTube channel that I routinely refresh in the hope of new videos.   I watch in totality without fast forwarding or skipping. Love the content.   I’ve never left any rude comments, so I didn’t appreciate the bad wishes to your viewers at the start 😔
WOW ! WHO would not love having this Masterpiece, More Denim ❤️
Wishing bad things on your viewers viewers is mean and distasteful
The denim is awesome. The Damascus looks so cool. Trolls will be trolls.
DENIM! this was such a cool project!. What did you find most challenging about it?
stay ignorant then
Denim - Looks astonishing! I think the psychedelic effect is actually the coolest part. It's mesmerizing to look at. Well done.
I'm surprised this video come up in my feeds but glad it did. I'm a women who don't know a whole lot about making furniture  or wood working I do work with some epoxy project on a tiny scale with jewelry and other small projects. My the epox is why this popped in my feeds. Anyways I have to say I Love this Table/Desk it Gorgeous I would never have thought about doing something like this or would ever imagined just how beautiful it would turn out but I'm in love with this table. And also really enjoyed watching you make the table you kept e everything very interesting and you have a great personality and humor all around great video.. If I could afford to but this table I definitely would but it'd way out of my price range. However I do understand the pricing. This table took a lot of hard work, time and skill into the making it. Plus its truly a one of a kind NO One will every have this same table. Your a true artist in your craft, with any good artwork your going to pay for that great piece of art.  It's brilliant...
Denim! Looks incredible. Maybe next time make the legs more towards the center of the table. Looks kinda weird when the box is right up to the edge of the table top. But, that’s impressive how perfect of a fit it is
It’s ugly as f* 😅, but hat’s off for the idea, the believe, trying and doind it till the end. Great great craft! 🙌
Absolutely love that denim table & how it turned out!! I think just for my preference I would have made the wood bade just a little darker but that's me. Even with the base the natural color that denim table is gorgeous!!😊❤
I don’t know shit about denim, epoxy, vacuum, catch pots, or quality woodworking but these vids are great.
As a learned woodworker I’m speaking from some experience when I say this is one of the greatest projects I’ve ever seen for a table and the result is phenomenal 🤩👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Denim gon' do what denim gon' do. Nobody likes Ned Flanders. 😂
This week on rich guy with an infinite budget for tools, another overly expensive table for another rich guy with a huge amount of disposable income…
I literally just
Has nobody told you to look into info on making micarta? Or on making/finishing micarta knife handles? It's a much smaller scale, but its the same thing, resin soaked cloth.
The Jable
I just have to commend you for doing such amazing woodwork. It's beyond amazing! My friend just turned me on to your channel, so I'm subscribed and will be watching a lot, even though I'm a girl, I love this shit! 🪚🗜️⚒️📏🪛
demin! this came out surprisingly well 🫱🏽‍🫲🏾 props to you man
you could have drilled a hole in those little pieces and put a dowel in them and then held it like a piece of cheese on a toothpick perhaps?
Denim. It looks awesome  👌
Denim, And how awesome would it be if you made it for used jeans? Would the metallic studs in denim pants be something one would have to take out or would they give something to a table like this? Also trift-store shopping, Could one get jeans cheaper then buying those rolls of sail you bought? Thanks for the video.
Denim
Oh and regarding the fuzz - I’ve turned a lot of micarta on the lathe and it’s ALWAYS fuzzy. It’s just the nature of it. You’re not doing anything wrong
Denim! This looks absolutely beautiful. I’m sure you know by now but if you look up micarta finishing techniques you might find some useful info for your future projects. Thanks for sharing your work with us
Denim. Great job
Denim!  YES - this idea is so awesome; I would be interested to discover what recycled jeans as the core and the outside with the layers of color.  This would not only help recycle, but repurpose into something beautiful and unexpected.
the epoxy is brittle? the fibers may stay soft once the epoxy which is hardened around it falls off?
I think this is bad ass
More denim. Really cool project. BTW the previous denim table was legit. Really appreciate this channel. Thx for the hard work. ✌🏻
You are by far one of my favorite YouTube channels to watch. Your videos are some of the best… the editing and the overall subject of the videos. I might get blasted for this, and that’s fine, but I have been a little disappointed in the language lately. I’m fine with it if that’s how you’re going to continue on, I’ll just plan around it, but I was used to being able to watch these with my 5 yr old in the room, but with potential f bombs going off I can’t really do that. I’m not asking you to change how you want to do this at all, I just wanted to let you know that it does affect how/when I can watch your videos. The “innuendos” have always been hilarious and fine, but the direct language is different for me. Again, I’m not asking you to change how you want to do your own videos, I just wanted to share how it will affect me watching them. I’m still a huge fan and love the videos you put out.
You've got scammers on your Facebook page attempting to scam your fans.
The wood pieces on the denim made me think of a heat map... I wonder if that design would translate into a heat map inspired table top or if it would even look good 🤔
I think you should re do this with more colours of denim grey black also but 3d print a topographic map in reverse and have it be a location or famous location you enjoy or something.
Excellent Cool - maybe try a black base with simple curves ( carbon fiber?) 👍☀️
Ummm, correction, there is no Damascus in this video at all.  Just messing around love your work man
It's called micro tear out releasing fibers from there bonds.
Denim, but only because I find the process intriguing, I still think the wood tables look better.  The very first mid-roll ad I got after "those little fucking screws" comment was an IKEA ad 😂😂
denim.. LOVE the look SIR..I have alot of black cherry slabs(2in think) that i dont know what to do with..
Denim!  Love your work and your course.  I just wanted to note, from the peanut gallery if you will, that this is the first video that I caught a few non-bleeped F-bombs.  Not that it's a family based channel or anything, or that most viewers can't handle a few expletives, just a touch disappointed is all.  The work and the entertainment itself, excellent as usual.  Thanks again!
Dam right! Nobody likes a backseat critic.
Umarım kenarlardan kestiğin parçaları çöpe atmamışsındır. Onlardan çok güzel boncuk olur.
Black and grey denim!
More denem!
Denim. Using a grout float as a push block is genius.
Denim. Your choice of project, knowledge-base, professionalism, and demeanour make watching your videos a real pleasure.  Thanks for sharing.
I am new here, you are inspiring me to get back to the artsy side of woodworking. I never played softball, so not concerned about making the team. I would have suggested that you  run that scroll of 40 items at a speed that I could examine them. Thanks!
Denim, for sure. Must have more denim😊😊😊
Denim, yes for sure would love to see more with the denim, especially this Damascus specifically. I totally wanna do this now! Where do u get the denim rolls?
Denim or not continue your path and takes us along with you
Denim, I'm no Damascus expert but... That shit is dope bro. Good job. Wish I could afford it.
To save anyone link digging: $17k
Denim and a smoldering look towards the camera, it's all good.
Love this new table!
Denim! It looks like you really improved on the process mess of the last table and I don't know if I left this comment or not, but: as a seamstress, fabric upcyclers are always AWASH in scrap denim, and, I think this pattern-welded cotton-poly method might lend itself really well to using scrap denim. I would absolutely love to see you source upcycled denim for your next go instead of using new. As to your question about softness- to me that's a testament to the epoxy effectiveness. You're encapsulating the fibers, but replacing them. When you tear a fabric fiber it always wants to pull the individual threads away from the weave of the fabric now that it's no longer held. However in this case you're exposing millions of thread ends  oriented upwards, but since they're still  encased in the weave, they have no where to go. You get micrometers of movement in those rougher planer cuts, and it's soft. As a baby wood worker and very decent seamstress who loves fabric..... I really want to touch it... 😅
The denim finish reminds me almost of carbon fiber. I think that would be a cool new project to undergo, layered carbon fiber epoxy table.
more
no denim
Yeah, sorry, Q-Tip... What is it Q-tipping... What does that even mean... Cotton bud, ear bud... Ah! gotcha.
ya, screw people for trying to be accurate and trying to bring the average IQ of the community up a few poits.. they are such Arse holes.
Hey, I like your stuff... But your opinions about opinions is just, like, your opinion, man.
DINAM
I'm going to go with no denim because I love what you do with the wood. But that being said, this is a very interesting change of pace with a great result. I am fascinated by the technology that let's you do something like this. Great job. Thank you.
Denim very beautiful table. It’s awesome to work with other materials and see what you can make!
Denim. The little circles, to me, are incredibly interesting. I'd love to see what a more preplanned pattern would look like, as opposed to the random shapes. Damascus knives often have very deliberate creation processes, and I bet you could create some very cool "folded and twisted" designs.
17k holy dick cheese
Denim “WTF DID YOU MAKE NOW” 19:36
I love your sense of humor 😂😂😂 and the fact that you don’t take shit from random internet people!
Denim AF ♥️♥️♥️ Great job, love this table! & Everything about it.
Denim is cool ... I've seen both your Denim tables and they both are awesome, but this pattern thing is interesting. I could see a pattern done on different angles using dowels or ???. It's great to watch you experiment. I would definitely buy it, but not really in a position to make such a purchase, but it would be nice to work at, very visual.
Denim. Without boring you too much with molecular science, the reason it's still "fuzzy", is because the resin can permeate the denim weave no problem, but it can't fully permeate the cotton fibers, which are mostly cellulose - even more so than wood. so you'll understand how resin can't fully penetrate it
Just finished. Obsessed. Adding to Pinterest board
Im in love 🥰
I loved it when you put that first top voat and the pattern popped! Wooowwww❤!
denim!
“What the f*ck did you make now”
That is absolutely sick
Let me tell you what REAL Dalasmuscus is Sh/t Somebody hold my beer. What i was saying was %?%3# where is my fecking beer
Damn super bitter because someone corrected you. Perhaps you should seek help
would you not wipe off the glue before it starts drying? ( genuinely curious )   🤔
Now make a denim sword😂
I'm not a huge fan of the frame - something curvier I think would go better with it.  The table looks very cool and unique, but wow $17000 is a lot to pay.
Soooo cool but wish the bottom of the table had more pizzazzz
Denim.. hey man would you consider making a waterfall/fishtank table?
Once I get rich, I'd love to buy one of these as a coffee table - would be an incredible statement piece in a house!
Denim....This was cool as shit!!
I love you sharing your artistic journey with us. Thank you.
Beautiful
Love this table amazing what the mind can come up with.  By the way I’m a 73 year old and watch just for the enjoyment of the project idea
Great to see Alex Caruso showing off his skills outside of the court.  Lovely video man
Very awesome look so yes to more “DENIM” vids.
Очень интересный проект. Я тоже столяр.
Denim I love this denim table more than the last one the 7/8 round ever I think was perfect. It was great for a person that loves putting their arms on the edge of the table and makes it comfortable .  For routing, those small pieces of wood, try using an inch and a quarter dowel rod with a little CA glue and mound to the top of your piece of wood. And then you could spin it around on your router table with ease please don’t cut your fingers off. I want to see more videos. Thank you very much.
wow this looks amazing! ive been on youtube since pretty much day one, and i cant believe i haven't come across your channel before today. im now a subscriber for life😁
I love everything about that table. Yes more denim. No further commentary needed. Thanks ❤
Someone needs to create prepreg denim !
I don't love it but you gotta respect the effort you put into it.  The narrative makes the video, especially the crack about IKEA, well done!
Denim looks really cool as a table!! Neat idea!
Denim!! Do a Black and white denim "monochrome" table 🖤🤍🖤🤍🖤🤍🖤
Black and medium blue denim pattern welded table sounds like a good idea to me.
This is the first video I've ever seen of yours. Never been exposed to this channel. Wanted to finish it but that comment response thing was off putting as hell. Be the bigger man, you have the platform.
Denim!
this guy seems to be a huge narcissist, such an irritating personality, i like to watch his videos but the way he talks about everyone and the comment section and himself it reminds me that i should watch his videos on mute, you need to get your ego in check brother, you only maky tables, you are not the president of America.
Denim - looks likea topographical map i love it
It's fuzzy after the epoxy because its pully fine fibers that too small to be noticeably impregnated with expoxy. Its long been a benefit of micarta that it remains grippy when wet and worn which is why its often used for knife handles.
What if you planned the denim down to the wood shapes you used? I think that would look clean.
MORE DENIM
Denim, Hey Cam great job i like watching you make tables and thing and specially when you go outside the box of doing wood- working Epoxy job. Alsokeeps
Hey it would be really cool if you made a table of space and planets  with the apoxi
Isn't this just micarta?
Denim , looks awesome , reminds me of my gramma’s oval braided jugs from strips of old jeans ,which I still have 😎
"Um actually..." Many a time i want to say things like that, in the Simpsons Comic Book Guy voice, but too many times the serious nerds ruin it for those of us who just like pointing out interesting facts
2:09 wtffff men ??😢, I don't hope things happen to the theme, wtff  , that is messed up,😮
Denim! I was just admiring the calming and psychedelic vibes of the table and seeing a really hot bald guy do it all.
This is actually Micarta and not Damascus.  Micarta is made with things like fabric, Damascus is made of metal
Looks awesome, I thought you would put in the USB & electric hook up in the table.
Denim.  Freaking gorgeous!
This table much like any other table you make turned out absolutely incredible! i wonder how this technique would look like if you were to use more then 2 colors of denim.
Amazing how people are corrected and they still insist on using the wrong definition. It's ok to be wrong.
Our boy Johnny sins never disappoints
Wood! But what I really want to know, is how can I get you to troll me in your video without me being an internet keyboard warrior.   Eeh oh well, guess everything has a cost: Hey, I think you you missed a few things in your list.    You included  "Jet Ski, Bubble Wrap, Onesie, Jacuzzi, Fluffernutter, Crock-pot, Seeing Eye Dog, Breathalyzer, Zamboni, Chapstick, Kleenex, Aspirin, Hovercraft, Ping Pong, Popsicle, Q-Tips, Roller Blades, Scotch Tape, Damascus, Sharpie, Laundromat, Escalator, Realtor, Tupperware, Zipper, Velcro, Weedeater, Wite-Out, Band-Aid, Yo-Yo, Taser, X-acto knife, Dumpster, Novacain, Xerox, Post-Its, Quija Board, Plexiglass, Kerosene, Styrofoam, Formica, Frisbee, Hula Hoop, Slip'N Slide,Windbreaker, Dry Ice, Stetson, Trampoline, PowerPoint, GED, Google & Thermos " How could you leave out " Finger Quotes,  and literally the word literally "?  I am ashamed of you!  bwhahahahaah
I feel like this belongs in a levi executive's office
More denim, love it
Well two things, I agree you went to big on the round off and it's not the first "Damascus" table made with carbon fiber in black and blue I saw a verry similair video like 1 or 2 months ago.
love the channel! just wondering if you have heard of Huon Pine? Its native to Tasmania and is a beautiful timber. Would love to see you make something with it some time
Denim. Great video
30:37  ¡MISIÓN CUMPLIDA, CHICO!!  GRAN PIEZA CON UNA ESTÉTICA ¡ÚNICA! 🌷
This is so beautiful!!!
Very nice
22:20 La carita de niño travieso 😁
Do a multi colour recycled demin jeans pants 👖😊
This  Demarcus table is great
Denim. Nice work!
Denim wood mix is my vote.
You can call it damascus. That word is now also used as pattern descriptive like argyle or paisley is used in the fashion industry.
Yes, more denim please!  I really had no idea what to expect, but I surely didn’t expect that. I love the patterning, especially how the edges turned out. Nice job!
Denim looks great.
You should make a Damascus Tesla Denim Powered Table
Denim (and no denim for a wood fix plz) I did chuckle at your 'that's why nobody likes you' I am always correcting my other half, he calls it 'Jacqui acurate' 😂😂😂
Denim... It does a Cam good. 👍
The end is an understatement piss-take!😂  🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺
Lol my grandpa used to work on denim and epoxy. You probably never heard of it because that was on the Indian Reservation.
It’s so good!  Humans are not meant to see true randomness! 😂 But you get where I’m coming from.🇦🇺🤜🏼🤛🏼🍀😎☮️
Wow. I think if you'd used the med + dark or the light + medium, with a lower contrast then it wouldn't have been quite so psychedelic. One combo you might experiment with is. black denim + dark or medium blue denim. Might be cool. I'm a graphic designer. New viewer. I'm totally creative, but un-handy. Thoroughly enjoy watching other creatives in their genre. Love your stuff. Do people send you pictures of your pieces after they've put them in their homes?
We all know it’s only the imperfections in the resin thickness that makes it…Interesting ☮️😂😂😂
Truly terrifying creation!  Shows all of everything can be rounded Dow to that elemental shape.  “The shape that’s below a triangle”😂
Forgot my fav. Clip. I dumped the entire "clip" into the fool.
Reminds me of that substance made from automotive spray booth stands layered with 10 years of paint.  Who hasn’t experienced sucking on a “gob-stopper” and seen all the layers.🤣😂🤜🏼🤛🏼🇦🇺🍀☮️😎
Like the coveralls Mario wore, denim denim denim
Denim
Great video!  Made me laugh😎🤨🤜🏼🤛🏼🍀☮️☮️☮️🇦🇺
I'm laughing...good !
The denim table is cool! I’d love to see more content relating to weird table materials. How thick are the legs pieces?
Denim. I think it looks pretty cool. You should do a coffee cup or something really wild out of denim but leave it fuzzy.
Denim
Denim hands down.   I would love to see what you can do with 2 diffent colors of denim. I think you can make some absolute bangers.  Qlso if youre using wood pieces at rhe bottom again, make the corners less steep. But please keep experimenting. Its interesting, funny to see what your thought process is
I think the same or larger roundover but leave more overhang to compensate
Levi's will be contacting you for set pieces really soon
Denim - Holy cow that looks amazing. I agree on the 7/8s round over. It really shows off the pattern. I like the base color too, i usually like darker woods but that really pairs well with the denim
❤
Denim..... love your work brother  !!!
Denim - Probably makes me the guy no one likes but after that bit I was expecting you to have micarta on that list as a troll.
Going to call croissants baked Damascus just to irritate the "well actually..." crowd.
I wonder what it would look like with varying green, blue, yellow, orange and red fabrics like some sort of thermal imaging. 🤷🏻‍♀️
4:00 😬🫣
That was so FLIPPIN cool coming out of that planer dude. Brilliant! wonderful build 😄👍
stunning result - well played!
Deff don’t watch your videos for How To’s! I actually find your videos very relaxing to fall asleep too. (Found you from Tik tok)
You outdid yourself this time, except the frame doesn't give it credit. I would like to see a less uniform shape frame; so still rectangular top? A bit  "Oldy Worldy"!
Denim! I really like the small nodules and I think if you used green denim, it would look like malachite.
lmao, him complaining abt ppl correcting on damascus and im sitting here being just as annoying like 'hmm, its more micarta than damascus anyway' but theyre basically the same thing just different materials and damascus is a way cooler name. so, as you were.
Now you gotta do Damascus Denim legs with mahogany top🫣🫣🫣🫣
Denim! Please do more denim!
Wow! This is really awesome dude. Now if Levi comes out with a new line of Damascus Jeans you will need to lawyer up.
About what you said with people correcting you on the Damascus thing etc. The thing is that your right it doesn't matter 99% of the time, with Damascus and other things like it, when there's barely any difference between one thing and the other. BUT there are times when it does consistently matter:  1. When you are explaining what it is, you should at least acknowledge that there are different terms with minor differences. ESPECIALLY when it's educational.  2. When it is about a product that you are selling you should always use the most correct term possible. I don't know you or that Damascus situation enough to give you shit for it, but it looks like you do both to some degree at least.
"What the fuck did he make now"  LOLOL
No denim. Interesting once.
Hey dude, the algo recommened me your video. I clicked, and at 2:45 or so, you attacked the pedants. Kinda makes you sound like a dick, so I'm gonna waste my time with a different person now. Pax.
2:07 onfg my eyes burn that was so funny
"WTF did you build now?" Lmao. 😂
Denim, so much more denim!
It's more a micarta but anyway...
i would assume the reason denim goes back to being fuzzy because you're sanding or planing away most of the epoxy and its tearing out cotton fibers, denim is also water resistant on its own because of how tightly woven the fibers are
$17,000 dollars for any table is insane. Especially one that sits maybe 4 people comfortably
This is so unique and different, definitely makes an awesome statement. Well done 😊
My type of white noise
on the first day of creation god invented epoxy, and then he glued all the rest with epoxy.... I loved the stuff, just because it is so reliable, but once I found out how poisonous it is I became more reluctant. Especially since it is emitting fumes for a very long time, even once it has set. Still, I really enjoy all Your builds and the way You present what You are doing.
2:10 - what a terrible thought to have. I get that this dude won't care about 1 person but uhhhhhhh You were just wrong. If you're going to teach or show or display whatever - be accurate. Back to tech builds where people dont' get butthurt for being corrected after being *wrong*
Denim- thanks for another nice video!
denim!!!
Snort! "Nobody likes you....". The driest of humour! :) Nice table BTW.
It's $17,000 for those that don't feel like checking and were curious.
(sips tea) that was a lil much o.o' just to agree or disagree  that's my 2 scents
Denim. I Love this table its beautiful 😍 and i like denim as well I sewed a big denim rug.
I've been following your channel for quite some time now and whew you started you were more upbeat and positive. Now, not so much. You're negative and
lol
Denim! I had a thought... when I look for a desk, I consider attaching a monitor mount and / microphone mount. While the edge is amazing and the finished product is perfect, I would still have that concern... how could I attach stuff without a lip or table top overhang? Also, I wanted to say something about Damascus / pattern welded... You're right. Modern use of the word Damascus is totally interchangeable. True Damascus is a lost process... something nobody even knows how to reproduce. Language is weird and all words are made up so none of it matters. Beautiful work as always.
I wasn't a fan of the first denim table you made. Just not my thing. But THIS?? This is amazing. I'm so sad that I'm a collage student and not a home owner that could afford to buy this table. It really is next level. Great job, my hat is off to you.  A little criticism. Although the white oak really does look good with the denim, I think the design of the base itself leaves a little to be desired. It just looks a little flimsy? It probably is stong as hell but just look wise, I would have gone for something else.
Denim ! If I remember correctly you had the idea of recycling textile for these projects. You should try it I'm sure you cam figure out a design that looks cool. Also I love the psychedelic look and the fuzzy spots
Something different, good work man.
Experimenting and trying new things and Technik is a way to go forward. staying in your comfort zone will enviably make you fall back and stay stagnant. Critics that will help you see things differently is always welcome. But just to criticize to be politically correct is Bu**Shh@@@tt.  Just do your thing and don't mind those who only know how to ratel the keyboard. I am one off those that also try new things....and aspire to also do some experiments. Can't wait what you will come up with next............
“Live edge denim table” go to jail
Gotta love the Jable
Denim projects and wood projects they have looked awesome.
Your the only wood channel for me lol now that i typed it lol
Denim. I didn't think you could do it. But you did... That pattern looks incredible.
$17,000.  damn proud of it aint ya?
don't let me get rich i swear ill have you building all my tables and chairs desks two
I'm glad to see you uploaded a new video. Rumor has it, bad things happend to those people.
denin! loved it!
Denim! This has now become one of my favorite tables you've ever made. its so unique
I think the obvious next table would be just the whole bunch of rags ?
Less denim
This is more like Micarta then Damascus.
I like correcting my mom with she says jacuzzi instead of hot tub 😂 drives her nuts!
Dude that is bad ass , you really come up with some amazing off the wall shit ..
JET SKI BUBBLE WRAP ONESIE JACUZZI FLUFFERNUTTER CROCK-POT SEEING EYE DOG BREATHALYZER ZAMBONI CHAPSTICK KLEENEX ASPIRIN HOVERCRAFT PING POUG POPSICLE Q-TIPS ROLLER BLADES SCOTCH TAPE DAMASCUS SHARPIE LAUNDROMAT ESCALATOR REALTOR TURPERWAQE ZIPPER VELCRO WEEDEATER WITE-OUT BAND-AID YO-YO TASER X-ACTO KNIFE DUMPSTER NOVACAIN XEROX POST-ITS PLEXIGLAS KEROSENE STYROFOAM FORMICA FRISBEE HULA HOOP  SUP N' SLIDE OUIJA ABOARD WINDBREAKER DRY ICE STETSON TRAMPOLINE POWERPOINT GED GOOGLE THERMOS  You're welcome! Ironically, I actually learned right now that some of these are brand names or have other names 😅but I promise I will refrain from pointing that out 🤣
Denim! And I'd be interested in seeing other woven structures besides twill. It might reveal some interesting patterning on top of thr Damascus layers.  Great video❤
De toute beauté ! Féliçitation pour ce beau projet !
❤❤❤
I don't care what you call it, it's absolutely stunning!
Anyone know how much the table costs
The finished product looks very nice
sold this or ?
I’d rather have someone point it out to me just in case I don’t already know because in my case I shoot for accuracy and therefore don’t use the wrong term unless I don’t know it
Denim. Go for it
Please make a soft touch table.
Denim
Rubio 2c Natural looks a lot like the the 'invisible' finish as far as I can see.
21:00 it's so wonderful
MORE DENIM
2:44 I loved your little tantrum.....so true. Some people just suck. Made it to the end...denim
super duper cooooool
Magnifique ! J'avais vu ton vidéo pour ta première table est denim et je trouvais déjà cela très très beau et très original. Là, tu as élevé la technique à un autre niveau ! Bravo pour ton génie !
17K table richt there..... Nice. Looks really good.
You look like Walter White from Breaking Bad with the jumpsuit!!!
Maybe denim, more BB gun restorations
Denim.  Denimascus?😅 Looks great
Love the part made especially for the negative keyboard warriors that make their way into the comments sometimes solely there to have something bad to say even though Cam's work is amazing and he makes videos to reach people from all walks of life. Thankfully the haters are few in the comments compared to the supporters. Loved this denim project! Favorite channel to watch to relax. Looking forward to so many more ❤
I imagine when you sand or cut the tabletop, the hard resin gets obliterated first, but a little bit of the flexible fibers in the demin are able to be left behind.  You know how a cast saw can cut the hard cast, but doesn't do much to the skin underneath?  Like that
Denim.  I love that thing cam now do a black denim one with black Apoxsee
Denim projects are just freaking cool and I always click on denim micarta projects... At least I think it's technically micarta... Would kill to have a denim table or desk but I can barely even afford rent.
Dude, I really love your comments for the rude people out there. hysterical!
This is a cool idea cam, I was kind of hoping you would make the shapes of the wood like the continents. Whole table would look like a big map of the earth or something just a thought.
Same thing but corduroy!!!
Denim love this table and all of your videos thank you
( 21:28 ) yes.... 🤗
Denim is such a cool material to use! I love that you can see the tiny stripes of the weave.
What does that uv does?
Denim! Or wood! Either or works! But man, the denim is SOOOO WELL DONE but I'm really not digging the table stand. It looks so basic and cheap (I know it's not cheap though!)
Acknowledging the no need to correct terms generally used for things, I would still point out that this is actually micarta, if only to make sure that people can find similar applications easier and also potentially people who've found issues before (mostly with knife scales). Though, some people do also further break the patterns down into damascus micarta and marble micarta (with some even further implying a third more consistent micarta like your last denim table or Jonny's paper table, though those both fall short of the brand-name product Micarta, though also way exceeding the size).  I don't have any experience with micarta myself, so I can't answer the question about the texture thing, but there may be knife-makers who could (especially since those are meant to be held in the hand, and working at a smaller scale means you can be that much better about getting it completely saturated).  Oh, and micarta is fully stable (and one of the easier to make but still decent quality stabilized scale materials), so the "as far as I know" is definitely correct in regards to not needing to leave room for any movement (it doesn't shrink or expand from UV, heat, moisture, age, etc. at all).
That looks slick bud good job 👏
Denim some good videos y’all makin.
When I get rich(not a hit on on your prices, I’m just broke) I am definitely going to pay you for a denim table
No Denim. Just a heads up, I generally like your snarky comments (like the ones about the guy correcting damascus), but for some reason the one about "if you get hurt it's just more entertainment for me" came off as a little smug.  We all do stuff in the shop that is against best practices, whether it's wearing flip flops or holding your hand way too close to a spinning router bit. People are dumb, they see an 'expert' like you doing something and may think that it's okay for them. There are skill and comfort levels. You can get away with sketchy router technique because you've done it a bunch of times. They might take their finger off. I'm not the youtube safety police, but denigrating someone who potentially mimics your technique and winds up hurt comes off a little smug.  Anyway given how you typically respond to comments in your videos, I hope this doesn't fall on deaf ears. I understand that having a mob of people correcting and critiquing every little thing you do is probably irritating. However, it's the name of the game when you're a public figure.  *off my soap box*
Denim- wow Cam wasn’t sure when you did the first denim table have to say I’m totally shocked how amazing these tables look.amazing job. Just hope you still do some wood stuff .
DENIM BABY!
Like your stuff BUT you don’t have to use vulgar language.  You just don’t need to.
Denim  - and other experimental materials too!  You missed spiral staircase off the list (you know, the name most people use for a helixical staircase).    You may have missed the often misused phrase decimate also.    P.S.  love your work.  One of the few things my 11 y/o son and I can agree on watching together (despite having no interest in woodworking).  P.P.S.  “I’ve known that for years already” comes across as a little thin skinned for a guy who has nothing to prove.  😉
Denim. Too much on the round over, but that table is awesome. I do personally prefer the first denim table you made though; this one is a bit too psychedelic with the pattern. What if you tried like a digital-camo pattern?
Great video. Be proud of your hard work, craftsmanship with the ability to narrate.
Wow thats awesome
Denim. Wow. Would have to see it in person but think I might like working on the psychedelic surface. The white oak was a great idea but the structure itself I didn't like. Too boxy. May need more "meat" on it... more wood that "styles". Too, would add chrome or gold bling (cup holders, cable pass thrus, perhaps inlays, not sure). All in all A++!
4:31 Me in any videogame with an inventory system
Denim
Denim.... Earthy colours vibrant deep forest green colour with leather brown colour.
Just stumbled across your video... Now subscriber!  I wonder if you didn't use the wood blocks for patterns but rather used some type of folding method, what would that look like?
denim! i love it
It’s cool, more denim
Denim!!!! I def want more!
Denim! At the risk of being "that guy", what you've made is actually micarta, also often used in knife making for handle material.
Deninums...Quick totally off topic question... Would you suggest using the Rubio/ Nano Ceramic method on a cutting board?  Thnks
Denim 👏
Denim! Try leaving it fuzzy
I'm impressed it looks fantastic job as you always do. Denman more for sure. God bless you all.
Denim all day!
This guy lets haters get to him and it’s so funny! Every video I can expect him to be enraged by the comment section or mess up a table that he’s been working on for 2 months
LMAO nobody likes you and your bot getting picked for the soft ball team. McDonald's over here! Im luvin it! Love your videos and this was a unique beautiful project. I was definitely curious from the start, gutted the hook with your introduction lol. Have a good one!
Denim! Yes please. I was really confused about this project. Right up to the point when you had it planed. It's amazing in every way that matters. This was such a brilliant idea. Keep innovating and putting beautiful things into the world that are made to last for generations to enjoy. Much respect 🙏 🫡.
This is phenomenal! I wonder what “silk” and other fibrous materials would look like - ie: different colored wood shaving mounds mixed with metal shaving mounds/filler? Colored sand mounds potentially ? Compressed and epoxied.
Denim! It’s very unique. Maybe try different colored denim next. That’s gotta be a bit pricey though.
Sure it looks great but how is it worth $17,000. All the materials used are pretty cheap, you can buy 100 meters of Denim for around $1,000... Of course there is time and tools to add on to the cost... I'm sure you could build this yourself for less then $2,000
Jable 3.0
“I don’t wanna jinx it.” _Jinxes it_
Telling people off for adding context is not a good look. This was the first video I've seen from you, and your lecture, which is exactly the thing you complain about, just from a larger lectern, comes off douchie, at best. Guess it takes one to know one.
as usual a great video, and a unique product, your look/pose at 30:34 was great though, kind of model look for apparel brand 😀
denim
Could the next level of this be contrasting colors of cotton duck canvas striped, mosaic, or woven patterns? Like the pattern by ruby Chen on the chat GPT website but Carhartt.
I liked ikt all and IK don't like nothing. And trying to think of other applications. like automotive interiors to match the denimlike seats, Charles
I can kind of sympathize with the people who get fixated on correcting others on specific things. I tend to comment tidbits on random stuff. I don't agree with doing anything aside from simply throwing the information out there for people to do whatever with, though (in cases where you're giving the information unsolicited). It's fine to help educate, but forcing it on people is wrong.   There are so many people out there who were never taught many things, and all of us simply don't know some things. You'll never learn unless the information is out there. I enjoy reading random stuff.   Still, for those of us out there who like to throw random info out there for others to see: don't be a redditor about it. Just politely toss it up and then back off.
Denim! I would like to see a butcher block version of this where you have the edges all on the top of the table so you get a wood grain feel. This might also be one where you leave a soft finish.
Denim for sure
Definitely more denim. I absolutely loved the effect you achieved on this table.
DENIM
Jamascus
Denim. I would like to see someone Get a bag of crushed marble for landscaping and make a shallow box to pour it into in a thin layer. Then pour a colored epoxy in and grind it down smooth so its a marble table top, sort of.
Denim - Amazing table. Great craftsmanship
denim
Denim. Reminds me of a geode. Layers of denim instead of layers of minerals. I think you could come up with a lot of designs based on the aesthetic of geodes or aerial views of topography. So many options!
Denim is pretty cool, but can you do something like this with an American Flag... Maybe for Veterans Day... Or a Thin Blue Line Flag...
Very cool denim project what else yeah got can't wait to see.
WTF did you make now? That one guy. 🤣
God Bless from your Canadian Friend
I wonder how that would look with black and dark blue, white, gray, red....
DENIM!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
I'm 2 minutes 40 seconds in and I know I need to know no more. I dunno how many people like to know that nobody likes a know-all but I already knew it.   Know-alls of the world - you are loved. Join a pub quiz team and feel the glow. And ignore gobby woodworkers - what do they know?
I'd just like to correct you on.... something.... anything.... Now am I off the softball team?  Please?  Pretty please?
That list of things you don't have to correct on made me realise how many brand names I just assumed were the english word for things I know
More denim or just more videos I enjoy watching your videos. I don’t care if it’s something new or old just make videos.
I'd pay at least $125 for this table.  Nice job.
make a table out of books, you would have another title
Denim! looking at the partially planed slab I wasn't really feeling the style of the table but when you put the resin top coat and finish on I was sold. I absolutely love this design and the denim colors are perfect!
DENIM! So gorgeous!  The possibilities with fabric seem endless.
Denim!  This project was pretty badass and I was thoroughly enthralled the entire video
That table looks really f***ing cool
Wow!! This is art. Love it!!!
It's called micarta.
Slabs of denim rock major big time man!!!
The pattern on that came out so beautiful! It reminds me of an acrylic pour
2nd denim table so far?
How to lose a finger part.1 :D Maybe next time screw the small plywood pieces to a bigger excess piece. So you won’t be blacktail nine finger :P
Denim. I love the look of the table.
Denim. love the idea. about those round pieces i had an idea. what if you clear packing tape the top and use a suction cup or a knob with hot glue over painters tape. Look forward to more unique builds
$17,000 😂?! A tenth of that is a stretch to be asking for this. Where did you buy your bolts of demin, from Stella McCartney or something?
So, it's not Damascus, it's Denimascus? I think it looks great, and think its interesting that something that is made of a clothe material would feel solid and smooth.  and I cracked up at the two little "augmentation" dots at the end of the video.  I would be curious if this would fit into the "recycle / reuse" department of could you make this out of denim jeans found at the Salvation Army or other reuse sites.  Give an old pair of jeans a second life.   Great video, keep them coming. (just hit the subscribe button)
Deep into DiWhy territory.
It gets fuzzy because the epoxy is brittle while the fabric is flexible, and you have to think about this at the scale of a fiber, not at the macro scale.  When you try to cut the material (sanding, planing, whatever) you're applying a stress to the composite material. Since the epoxy is brittle, it'll tend to "fail" and be removed anywhere you apply force. The fabric doesn't necessarily "fail" at the same time as the epoxy, and it could fail in other places once it's freed of the epoxy (like somewhere in the middle of a saw kerf, instead of on both ends). Now you're simply applying stress to fabric which will tend to move out of the way and fray instead of simply being cut. This leaves you with tiny little tails of epoxy-free fibers poking out of the composite panel. The same thing happens with carbon fiber, although it feels quite different.  You can either shave the fuzzy surface to remove the protruding fabric, or you have to apply a wash coat of epoxy to re-coat those loose fiber ends.
YES! So glad you revisited the denim table.
Speaking from a perspective of composites manufacturing (your denim tables are sort of a version of what would be considered a "pre-preg 2D layup PMC"), the reason it gets fuzzy when you sand/cut it is because of dry spots. In other words, the epoxy isn't fully saturating every fiber in the fabric. It's more likely just coating the fibers. So, as soon as you cut it, these exposed fiber edges are still just fiber, without any resin holding them together. It doesn't really matter, though, because you're not trying to get "full strength" capability from your finished product, and you're skim coating it when you're done, anyway. A true pre-preg material would have each layer fully infused with resin, usually through a pressurized process.  If you go to the vacuum bag infusion process (where you vacuum down the dry layup and then suck in the epoxy), you will likely get better infusion of the resin into the fiber.
More denim projects for sure! 👌🏾
Denim - I think a laminated denim table would be could, say in long horizontal strips. Plus, you could probably get about 1000 hours of content out of laying then all together 😂
Questions about the list. Realtor is on the list; what about "realator?" Can I say that with impunity? Also, are you saying that "dry ice" is a brand name and that I should have capitalized it here?
Ah ! I'm not the only measuring tape hoarder ! Got 6 in a 60m² workshop   :D
wirklich Klasse!!! Von der Idee bis zur Umsetzung wirklich genial!!! Meine Hochachtung! Ich stell mir die Platte schon in den wildesten Farbkombinationen vor.        Simulations-Programm???
Denim.   I get denim everything I can. It's durable, washable, and I like the way it breathes and looks. I love how your table table turned out. It's beautiful and I wish I could have it! XD Sadly, no room in my apartment.
$17,000 tho?
DENIM!!!!
have you thought about making a table out of carbon fiber and Kevlar
Damascus is so pedestrian. You can't sell a Damascus table for 50k. Call it "mokume gane" and now sky is the limit! Of course, I'm just messing with ya all. From what I understand mokume gane is very similar with main difference in materials being used. Can denim be classified as semi precious ? =))) If you're bored, look up watches made with MG cases. But be careful, you might start a new hobby
I love the exploration into micarta from a woodworking perspective! Canvas and linen micartas are very popular, and G10 (fiberglass micarta) is considered the king of epoxy fabric infusions. There’s some wild projects out there, can’t wait to see more!
Great job! Looks amazing and yes you should definitely do more denim or other fabric tables.
Denim.... It looks stunning 🤌🤌❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
Denim!!! And the weird breast job actually reminds me of Cookie Monsters eyes from Sesame Street!! LOL
Denim, definitely Denim!!! amazing work.
Lol... Man criticizes glued IKEA shit... >meanwhile he himself makes a table literally from glue on glued legs =)))
You are a smart man running with Festool. Their stuff is top of the line (and you pay for what you get 😬) I got excited when I sae you bust out that guide saw
Next time use different coloured layers and you’ll get a peacock effect?
Denim-This table came out absolutely amazing, you should totally do more of this denim  Damascus. I almost wonder if you couldn’t make denim Damascus and sell it to knife makers as handle scales?
Denim, YES!  That was an amazing video.  Great job.
looks like a doppler effect
anyone who argues that pattern welded steel is not damascus can f**k off. damascus is a form of pattern welded steel, pattern welded steel is a blanket term. so yes, thank you for that comprehensive list. hahad. love the table idea
DENIM Cool project.
Denim is the way to go ;-) Next up corduroy (with leather patches) 😛
Denim. Looking pretty pretty neat. Reminds me of the '90s computer demo scene.
Denim... excellent table
Denim . really love the look of the table it looks sick AF . The whole denim Damascus looks is a whole different level and it looks like coloured laminated birch plywood  rifle stock and these plenty of other that love that type of stuff.
Denim. Definitely more denim builds. The more you do, the better the results. Great job.
Denim. But I'd also love to see you experiment with other materials too.
Who else wants this work shop?
Love this!
Love the different projects, but denim ain't for me, that's for sure
Please stop waering gloves near spinning machines! Its super dangerous and too many people still do it
the mark of a true artist is to experiment and push the boundaries of your skills - love the table.
Reminds me of Fordite or Detroit agate; after years of buildup, all the layers of paint from the Ford plants are cut, shaped, and polished to reveal all the different colors. Wonder if you can get a bunch of different colors of denim/fabric and create the same effect.
This is a masterpiece, a stroke of genius that time will acknowledge as such... I'm impressed and envious.  Only thing is I'm afraid the footing being too flimsy (barely 1"square of glue and a small tenon at each corner on a full length feet of leverage), the frailty of which does not match the gorgeous 70s healthy strong psychedelic of the top, plus in case of a side bump there a risk of a sheer crack is there not ?
Denim
Love the denim! What if you used the fire hose material? Like the dicky pants
I wonder if you made a checkerboard pattern of perfect circles for the wood "bumps" how that would look?  You could start with a closer-spaced pattern down the center, then each row after could increment farther apart.
2:00 I also don’t like people who are boring in the comments, but you’re behaving like a person who’s used to eating shit.
Gorgeous
Beautiful and Amazing, love the table
you should make a galaxy themed table
Denim hell yeah
Denim or no denim? Corduroy?
Denim. Thanks that's all. Loved the gold touches last time. I'm interested to see a dark wood, a dark denim and gold accents.
Denim for sure!
Wow Cam, just wow!
Denim,more denim, denim to the max
Denim, no denim, I'm happy either way with your projects. I am a big fan of the table top trimmed flush with the base and adding the roundover. I used a similar approach when I made my bookshelves. And that Damascus pattern? Beautiful. I also follow a few blacksmiths and absolutely love seeing Damascus steel projects. So seeing Damascus denim is a wonderful innovation.
Denin maybe try sand mixed with a low amount of cement to model a more organic base shape. That should hold up for the lamination process, but afterwards should be able to be be broken apart fairly easy unless it gets socked in epoxy. Not sure how well it would hold up to the vaccuming.
Love the denim tables!
After watching countless YT shorts from your channel, I decided to finally watch a full video and you sir got another subscriber here. It came out great and it wouldn't surprise me if it ended up in some modern art gallery. No I'm serious, denim and epoxy to make a table, that's innovation and unique art.   I live in a place where it's very difficult to get hard wood and this made me think if denim tables could be future alternative.
Denim. The method used to achieve the damascus pattern here is very similar to the japanese mokume gane techniques. Since very few people have done denim damascus, looking up mokume gane techniques mighy be a good way to find ways to achieve different effects
Well then, I don't like you either.
17k lol, good luck! :D
You absolutely turned me off this video by calling out the person who corrected you on the Damascus pattern and wishing bad things among such people in such bullying way.  That is by no means unacceptable despite what they have done and their attitude.
DENIM, personally I think for a desk/table the round over of that size  is a bit extreme. It just makes it look like bench imo
Very cool. Demin.
Someone posing as you are contacting me on facebook saying i won something. Just so you know
entertaining and inspirational at a time - many thanks for posting this!
I like the denim look but the Damascus not so much. I like the leather and denim table. Have you considered doing a renaissance type chair for camping?
Denim ... Really dig your work sir. Keep the sweet denim content rolling.
Denim! i love wacky stuff
Starting final year of school this year and looking for a new study desk, officially on the hunt for a damascus table the pattern is awesome
Wonderful result!
Denim yeah, I like the denim. Absolutely it’s really cool.
Denim please. I'm loving it. Can you do brighter colors though? If that's possible.
Denim
More denim bro
8:10 Not "less things to go wrong"; the correct word here is "fewer".  You cannot hate on me for this correction as it was not on  your list.
That is not true Damascus!!!! Any true craftsman knows it’s pronounced “Denimascus” and from the blacktail studio region of Denemai. Educate yourselves!
when you do fabric and epoxy like this its called micarta
Denim.  Neat.  Love the look, but I think you can make it more awesome.
Not my style, but wow… The craftsmanship and the creativity is on another level
21:00 probably because denim absorbs water but not quickly, so the innermost fibers were still flexible.
Denim, Denim, Denim….this table is a cool concept. And while you may not be 100% satisfied by the end result…(insert male circumcision joke)…looks like you learned valuable information along the way.
kevlar also fuzzes up when sanding, even after being fully cured in an epoxy matrix. Guess denim is the same way. Kevlar is designed that way on purpose (so it doesn't shatter when bullets hit it).
We are not here to be liked we only exist to annoy morons who can't get simple terms right, thanks for acknowledging one of our members on job well done...also a member of the humor police, none of this was funny.
Sit at your Jesk and do your Jomework!
Denim.  Absolutely beautiful!!!
just Denim
I wonder if you would entertain the idea of making a carbon fiber tabletop
Denim, denim denim. Denim! <3
Denim. That looked awesome.
Someone pointed out something about Damascus and you got snow flake about it and that’s why some people won’t like you either dude,take the good ones with the bad ones.I’ve been watching your videos for over a year and really enjoyed them and even subscribed,you started humble ,remember the beginning of your journey and stay humble ,it goes a long way.
Hello from Australia 🇦🇺, you need to make a denim front door 🚪 There’s a guy out there that makes denim epoxy sunglasses 🕶️
This man treats his viewers like absolute horse crap. I have never seen a YouTuber disrespect the people that support them like this guys does. Embarrasses hi viewers for views, belittles them, responds with sarcasm if you try talk to him about it. WOW, I hope your viewers see who and what you are. And get that chip off your shoulder, there are at least 100 woodworking channels that far outshine your crap workmanship.
Denim.  I really like what you did here and look forward to your future projects.  There is another channel I follow that makes laminated resin denim sunglasses.  You might check out some of his videos for ideas on how he bonds in metal and color in his product.
17K 😮
everything denim comes out so nice.
this table......I NEED IT I NEED IT I NEED IT
Denim 👍
Denim, you should make a denim chair and table set, could be cool? Just an idea
30:34 1,000,000 dollars
Deeeeniiiim. Love the work and I hope you stop putting yourself down all the time. I've seen a few videos now and there always seems to be a section dedicated to you being unnecessarily negative about yourself and it's wildly disheartening. Have enough negativity from random chumps in the comments.
Denim definitely! Looks awesome!
More
DENIM HELL YEAH!CANADIAN TUXEDO ALL THE WAY!!!
YOOOO WTF 17,000$!!!!! For that table dang! I could buy a car with that
Sooooo, I gotta say, I like *_spicy_* Cam! He's pretty funny, I hope we see more of him moving forward! Plus, I *love* seeing content creators taking back their channels from these armchair assholes! We need more of this, the world would be a better place. Seriously. Keep up the good work! Both, your awesome, inventive builds--calling them whatever the hell you like--and also the Karen-slapping! You excel at both!
Denim, paisley, two tone, velvet - so many to choose from including fabric that, like silk, appears to be blowing in the wind but is frozen in resin. I'm British and shocked NONE here has yet suggested a stars and stripes table - do I qualify for a US passport now?
More Denim, Wish I could afford $17K.
Use resin to top it for the perfect shine
Denim - love it, as well as Scott's on-camera (and often off-camera) persona!  (and I think you said his name was Scott, sorry if that's incorrect)
Also I'm guessing the fuzz is because the resin breaks away but the fibers remain intact.
NO DENIM...sorta. I love this table and the idea  You need to repeat this awesome idea , but use alternating sheets of  colored paper!  😂
I love watching people make micarta type things lol
Well, I've been a woodworker for 40-years now.  Damn... never thought about using painter's tape to mask off corners to avoid glue getting where you don't want it.  Yahoo for this tip!!!
I choked on my dinner at the sheriff commentary
Like it!.  Different colour denims are available -white, black, yellows, reds, oranges, etc.,At least,I,can see those denim coloured jeans for sale.
New subscriber(: beautiful work  ps. Baumgartner restorations might give you some insight on work with hot/press table and with woven fibers
Definitely decidedly denim
DENIM  That looks so awesome. Awwww man, now I gotta make one.
Damascus anything screams douche.
Wow amazing
>gloves with power tools Oof
How do you not have channel locks in that list??? Jeez haha
Congrats youre the 1,000,000th channel to claim to make damascus, but as youre probably painfully aware, its fake.
Didn't like the first one, but this one actually looks fucking amazing.
DENIM Damascus does seem a little 1970's psychedelic, don't you think? Would you be at all worried by spills and stains?
Denim, it looks beautiful.
Denim, very interesting
WOW!  Just found your channel.  I am so jealous.  I truly wish I could do what you do.  I love, love, love what you do, absolutely totally intrigued with your skills and ability.  The funny thing is I'm a 72 year old woman and I really mean it when I say I wish I could do this!  However, I will stick with my hobby of sewing!
That turned out Great. Your selling it for 17k though. How did you come to that price?
I think the Damascus Denim Table looks awesome.
I love this table.
Denim! I'm less than a novice woodworker but I find what you do so incredibly entertaining and this has got to be my favorite video so far. I have an irrational love of jeans but just seeing the creativity in creating the layers and coming up with a botched breast augmentation South of Africa was pretty amazing to watch.
Denim 100%!! Love the table, it looks deceptively soft, almost expecting to feel like a padded massage table. Very interesting
This is not damascus, its called micarta ffs.
Denim - I think Scott was right with the round over being to much but I love this table, would love that in my games room as a desk 😮 your second to no one with what you can do Cam
What makes someone unlikable for just correcting someone's misinformation? I'm glad people point that stuff out on the internet, since it's a messy breeding ground for misinformation.
Denim wow even with Africa it’s a beauty !!
the reason it get fuzzy imo is like wood they are both fibers and you know this but when wood gets wet it swells and when it then drys it's fuzzy and needs resanding. I think this is the same principal.
Beautiful piece
Preach!!!  PREACH!!!!!!! (Denem)
when.... oh when will you build a chest out of one block of wood. with a Dick Proenneke cabin door style Hinge
I think the reason why the denim is soft in some spots is because the fabric stretches and it breaks off the resin a little bit kind of like when super glue meets denim and then that section snaps it pulls a little of the fabric leaving you with these strings and the end of the snap.
That ikea comment killed me! 😂😂 but so true! I started glueing my ikea stuff together
Denim tables, keep them coming. I'd be very curious to see a quilted denim table. Could look pretty cool with dark quilted denim - even if you just did a stitched quilting like with a puffer jacket. And hell, why not a puffer jacket table? And how about a quilted leather table like the seats of an old Trans Am? Could be cool...  I agree the final look of this one was a bit too funky for my taste, but the process was fascinating and it is a beautiful final product. Maybe if you did one with subtler differences in color it would be a bit less dramatic and therefore more subtly textural. Like if you used all the same color denim - the palest wash - then the underside of the fabric color (which is always a lot lighter) might be enough of a color difference on its own to create an interesting grain/texture.  Anyway, great video as always.
Denim.  Dang that is a cool table.
That denim shit is cool!!
Hey there, I have a Question. I am a college student and over my winter break I build a desk out of a live edge hard maple wood. I can not sell and have a good bit into it. I need to get my money out of it, I work hard and put a lot of time into the piece. I made some mistakes but I think I did well. I was inspired by you and your awesome works. Could you help me sell this, get it to someone who will love it?
The table is amazing! Who would have thought you could make a table out of denim! I love it!
it’s beautiful
Mooore Denim of course 😁 In black maybe?
No demim 😮 , nice but not a wow for my taste.
I like it 👌
Denim that's a cool table. I would love to have one.
I liked it.
The sheer force of the planer against the infused fibers of the denim breaks the epoxy off of the fibers leaving the fuzzy feel for the top couple micrometers.
More denim projects; truly unique.
I would like to see more experiments with denim and epoxy!  Question: would you consider using rolls or smaller cuts of denim to form the regions that're exposed when you send it through the plainer? I think you could get some interesting shapes that way (granted i really like the psychedelic look of this table, but it might not be psycedelic enough for me, ha).  Also I have a hypothesis about the way it gets "fuzzy" when sanded...denim is a pretty dense twill weave fabric - i imagine it doesn't perfectly absorb epoxy all the way through. The vacuum bag process helps it absorb evenly, but i think the return to a fabric feel is due to tiny, imperceptible voids in the fibers. Will you experiment with other fabrics to test it? You could try a looser weave and/or a thin cotton fabric to see if you have a similar result.
Denim for the win! That looks like such an amazing table!
Don't listen to the nay sayers! I think it looks great and the fact you've even attempted to do something different warrants credit alone,  keep it up man! good job👍
To all the pedants out there correcting the ignorant; I like you. Thank you for your service ❤
I'm unsubbing because you've turned into a pompous, self-absorbed, rude jerk
Denim looks so cool
17.000 $ lol
denim. I think u should try to work with LIGNUM VITAE wood
Denim looks amazing!!
Denim
I've seen people use drinking straws to clean up the clean squeeze out in corners
Great finish. Definitely more.
Denim. You are a good wood/epoxy-worker and an artist. But yes I agree avoid the big continents, also  would be nice to know what caused the boob-effect.
Denim
the fuzziness is because the epoxy holds the fibers in place but the microscopic unevenness of the sanding means you release & pull some fibers up, the epoxy COATS the fibers and doesn't actually infuse through them completely.  due to this reason it's similar effect to watering wood after sanding the first time.   grab a cheap microscope to look at under & you should see what happens much better while also making a awesome shot.
*Excellent work* 👍👍👍👍👍
Sanding may make it opaque.
I think I need to make an exception for your list of words. The word trampoline is not acceptable. It's always been called a jumpoline. We only started calling it a trampoline when your mom got on it! 😂
17k dollar😂 wtf
Denim
Awesome table!! Love it. Completely off topic. You have a doppelganger in central Pennsylvania. I went to a local basketball game and thought I was watching you play. The guys were playing in an over 35 league. I had to look up where about your shop is located. Which is about 3500 miles away. Dude would easily pass for your twin.
What about wood and epoxy wall? With internal inbedded lights
for improving the vacuum bag: have a look at baumgartner restorations. he is a paintings- restaurator, but he uses that vakuums a lot, and he might be just the guy  to figure out a good system for you. just a thought.
Denim! Although I liked the finished product of the last denim table more. Perhaps its because of the base. Very cool POC though!!
Thumbs down just for the rude comments about your viewers. Nice way to treat the people interested in your videos.
Denim.... it looks awesome! Would love to see one with more gradient- like all 3 washes in one table. Or some dyed denim would be cool & it would look like that dyed laminated wood they make small pipes out of (for smoking trees....)
Denim yes!! Why not, I'm sure there are other materials out there to experiment with as well.
Denim
It's a no for me, dog.
"damascus denim"... Sooo... Denim micarta? Because that's what this is. Not saying this isn't impressive or anything like that. This is mostly used in knives for handle scales. Just obviously not made this big.
This guy is actually not a nice person. Sounds very rude and full of himself
Denim more Denim please ths looks absolutly bluesy  id love a denm office desk in this mosac / damascas look
Denim. Beautifull but agree with you, it's a bit too psycadelic for home. Great skill from a simple wood worker from Italy.
Denim, That was actually pretty cool, I was very skeptical at first and almost didn't watch, here's an idea for a small round table, since it will probably be blue do your "Damascus" like a water drop with ripples! Let me know what you think and start your comment with Dyess (Dice).....LOL
41.) Hoover. 😉
Looks great bud. Think you should do a black demin, white denim combo!❤
jable
i think the rounding was a bit too much and the sharper corners looked better
Denim. First of all, for some reason you don't show up in my feed, despite hitting the bell icon and all that... Which is weird cause I do enjoy watching this! C'mon algorhytm, do your thing. For a future project, or previous project that I've missed. Have you ever done any projects that do not involve a simple flat plane? There's tables and cabinets etc, they are all beautiful, but what about something like a frame for a painting or a window frame? Something that's hollow in the middle
Denim Looks great
This probably wouldn’t be my choice of table but it still looks amazing and the process is really interesting. It’s great that you’re pushing the boundaries all the time - thanks for taking risks!
MORE DENIIIM!!1
Wow
19:35 the guy in the background saying "what the fuck did you make now?!" 😂😂😂😂😂
WOW! That's astonishing! --- (Liked, subscribed and I've hit the bell!) Looking forward to more.
"Whaaa whaaa somebody rightfully corrected me and now lives in my head rent free" what a child
If you used denim colors that were closer in tone it would make a more subtle pattern, also, you could play with the forms underneath and do more geometric shapes, or symmetrical, or something very specific and intentional. But this was awesome, love the look!
denim, I want it.
Denim This was intriguing! I’d like to see more. It makes me want to learn woodworking so I can make my own denim furniture, perhaps when I retire in a few years. Beautiful table. Thanks for sharing.
*Um, actually* any jean-wearer worth their rivets knows that all the true Damascus Denim was already manufactured during the Strauss era in the 1850's. It's inauthentic for you to even use that word for this work that is clearly derivative.  😡😡  🤣🤣 I kid. Incredible work. Forget the pedants, they're no fun.
for the smaller pieces i would have made a longer strip of wood and and temporally brad nailed/screwed them together and get a spacer so my hands wouldn't need to be too ner the router bit. because one has to remember that ones hands are the best tools a worker has. keep up the good work and the interesting videos
❤❤❤
The fuzziness could be from 1. wicking effect with fibers, 2. mild epoxy shrinkage, or my best guess... 3. "micro" tear out like when sanding wood and the sublayers can't take the abrasion. It's just that maybe you're using fabric instead of wood. ?
Dude it turned out awesome pattern  :D
What the F did he make now ...
Denim! You could also experiment with different colors and weights of denim. Also, there is a specific resin that can be used to infuse in porous surfaces. You put it in a vacuum chamber to pull the air out and let the resin really get into the weave of the fabric. Then, stack it wet with the regular resin and do the vacuum bag. But I love how this looks!
Denim.  I would love to see you attempt a mosaic or herring bone pattern.  I think that would look awesome.
nice works! if you have another  similar projet, i suggest you to use red and white(or black with goldy) demin, with real damascus metal for table legs! ( cutting billets darmascus metal) i know it  will be a lot of  works, but i gess its will be a astrounding result
06:05 No offense - when was your first denim table video ... 30-40 years ago? vacuum infusion has been around for at least ~40 years or more.
I'm gonna be that annyoing know-it-all douche.  What you made is actually called denim Micarta.  Micarta is mostly used for knife handles and the fuzzyness is great for added grip.  Burlap-Micarta looks great, might be an idea for another table...  Great video and table!
Thats cool. Maybe phyc it up more with multiple colours of denim ???
This might be my favorite project yet! So pretty!
You're nicer than I am - I woulnd't have bothered listing terminology that people on the Internet can take 5 seconds of their time > stop ebing lazy and look TF up themselves. A bunch of uneducated armchair elitists.
In regards to your teaching channel…. I heard a humble preacher once say….I am your spiritual teacher, not your spiritual example.
The people that bug me the most are the ones that insist, hight is actually pronounced highth.  🤬
Didn't know what to expect clicking on "Denim Damascus" but I don't see how people DON'T make it to the end of all your videos. It's like I'm in a trance watching these, absolutely insane every time! Thanks for the hours of entertainment! You've inspired me to grab an old wooden office desk off Facebook marketplace I've been eyeing for weeks and see if I can restore it. Wish me luck!
Denim
DENIM tables rock
Denim, Beautiful!!! Just a really really cool looking table!
Denim is cool, but there are so many other types of material. Ever thought of just emptying a closet or recycling your own plastics/woods or whatever into a project :)?
How is your audio so clear even when you are pulling a vacuum? Are you wearing a mic that I just can't spot the whole time? Or a boom? I can't even get my voice to record on my phone from 10 feet away when my laptop fan is running 🤣🤣
Have you already tried to make a pair of jeans for yourself?
Truly one of the best tables I've seen. I would love to own one someday. Or rather build one some day. I watch your videos for the humour and this one did not disappoint.
Has nobody mentioned the word "micarta" yet??????????????    LOVE THIS PROJECT!
The Jamascus Jable
"Denim Damascus" Me, softly to myself: "Denimascus"
17,000.00 WOW ... looks beautiful the price is crazy obviously you cater to the rich .. good for you l
Denim!!!! great table, really nice simple base to it too. I need to work harder so I can afford a comission from you :)
this was an awesome concept but would look better with different colored denim
the fuzzyness is just the fibres breaking apart from being sanded, its the same when we use micarta and g10 stuff like that when we make knives.... fyi yes the damacus thing is never ending and its always the armchair experts who have never swung a hammer in there lifes who will sit there and go ThAt IsN't ReAl dAmAcUs
Demim table is a wonderfully unique concept.  I also feel this pattern is maybe a bit too 'psychedelic' for most people's taste.  But now that you know how to generate a pattern in the denim, you can really get creative.  A good and thorough job, as always.  Bravo, Cam!!
Denim. Looks fantastic.
something about BTS swearing at ikea is funny as all hell "those annoying fucking little screws" a mild mannered man using such language over something so small is just funny (also denim) would be interesting to see a sort of "stitched" denim table, i.e taking apart a load of old work pants that are tattered (but thoroughly cleaned) and layer them like cheap plywood (the stuff made of larger wood chips)  layer it and epoxy the hell outa it that could look good if you get a variety of colors like black, dark blue, light blue
I came for the construction. I stayed for the smackdown of dumb commenters.
SUPER AMZING
Denim!  #commentforthealgorithm
think about the movers having to move this item being well over 200lbs
Micarta!
It’s an interesting material to work with. I definitely think you’re closing in on something? I love the Damascus layer look. Never gets worn out for me.
Definitely Denim
DENIM!!!!!!!! It's beautiful
Denim ❤
Denim!  Denim denim denim.  Denim.
Denim… love the table!!!
2:09 :D
Denim for the Go!
Erm actually, this still isn’t Damascus. As you used regular denim instead of the traditional “Damascus Making Denim”.
Denim for me. Great table, as ever.
😮✌👍👏👏👏👏👏👏
I have just discover your channel and watching for like 2 days thinking you are a "classic" professional woodworker. When I learn your story of starting as a hobby and quitting your job for it, I appreciate the work even more. Thats sort of my dream too.
Denim, definitely denim. That is an amazing looking table. Wish I could afford it. Nice work Cam.
Yo-yo? I need to know how people correct the use of "yo-yo".
D E N I M
Yes, more denim please!
Denim…in a million years I will not be building anything but love your videos and this table is exceptional. Thank you.
The Fuzzy Phenomenon is a micarta thing. I love it, on my knife handles I always try to find which tool will make the fuzziest surface ! Gives good grip and excellent tactile feedback.
Thanks ... Now I want a Denim table.
I absolutely love this table, so fucking cool! I would love to see  a denim Damascus side table with a solid base.
Denim table I love the look with the dark patches and fuzziness ❤. But I can’t wait to see more DENIM TABLE MAN!!!!😊
Denim, looks good. I am a big fan of light coloured wood too
I'm curious, how would it look with other colors. This looks awesome.
CARD TABLE! that would be such a cool card table if you left it fuzzy.
Denim. It looks awesome and my favourite colour. I think you made the right choice with the edges
Denim, can you make a damascus denim  chair
Denim: Looks unbelievably great! Also, shoutout to Scott for being an SF fan!
wow, that tape trick is really simple and smart nice one!
DENIM
DENIM - very cool looking table. nice work!
I paused at your comment about the interesting guy, and had to laugh. SAVAGE.
Denim! Looks great. Sanding back glass fibre, it goes furry on the edges. I think it is because the epoxy can't soak into the fibres, just coat around them. PS. Knife makers use infused cloth for handles and call it Micarta.
please wear ur mask while sanding u dont see them but u will feel them in ur lungs
Denim is a fascinating material to use in any project, honestly the creativity of being able to put together something relatively standard with unusual components or materials is the whole point of the craft to me. I'd personally like to see you build tables with even more unusual materials or methods!
Keep doing these denim things
$17,000 for that table. Ha. Haha. Hahahahahaha. I mean it’s cool and all, but $17K cool, I think not.
Ah yes! A Jable
Denim, I just love watching your channel and now my reason for commenting, THE TABLE IS DOPE!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE it😎🤩😍😍😍
Fine, if you want to play the game that way: I don't like you either. You are still using Damascus wrong.
Could you “Damascus” a felt poker table?
Wouldn't it be basically mikarta?
.....jable
Denim for sure! I loved to see the contrast with the table base. Looks beautiful
denim! <3 this!
jamascus table
Holy shit that looks so cool, it looks like actual damascus you can like see the folds thats neat
that table looks epic
denim this was cool af
Not something I really watch but enjoyed this and it looks great
Denim. Amazed at the end product design.  Loved the corners, looked like folded fabric ❤🇬🇧
"Golf course community" is a phrase I feel too poor to understand 🙃
Denim….maybe khaki’s next? Or camo???
Saw the title and thumbnail and insta-clicked. Stunning piece! You sir have earned a new subscriber and the title of biggest denim epoxy channel of YouTube. Bravo.
Nice table🤩, wet layup is the way to go! Please Do Not try epoxy infusion! It will be close to impossible to do it to that long and thick table. You might be able to do it with 2 to 5 fabricks. Allso you will need atleast 0.85bar of vacuum to it to work. I think that the fabric is fusy after cutting is bechause the individual fibers are not complitely saturated with te resin. Bechause denim yarn is so tightly twirled, Only the outside of the yarn is saturated leaving the core dry. When cut, you expose the dry yarn. Allso the epoxy is weaker and more britle than the linen fibre, and when cut the epoxy breaks clean and is just scraped of the linen untill the linen breaks.
imagine knowing someone with this guy's levels of OCD, he would drive a death and blind saint to despair, chill out a bit man, life isn't that serious,
That was literally the most fucking dangerous way possible to get the small piece. 1. Press it down with the tool and do the tiny arc sticking out 2. Retract and rotate it 3. Do another tiny arc  I have no idea if it would turn out pretty, but its way better than risking your fingers.(or life in certain situations)
Leather
Loving the denim work I would use this as my pc table top
Denim... Love it !
Denim! Really cool topographical map look 👍 love it
ThIs Is NoT TrUe DaMaScUs !!!    Jk aside, looking great.
Thanks to you I have decided to quit my career as a fitness instructor and become a woodworker. I am starting today with my mentor. Thank you so much for the inspiration. Keep up the great work!
It gets fuzzy because the epoxy does not fully penetrate the denim.
Jable
No way I'd afford a beauty like this without a lottery win, but oh man what an amazing result! Would love to see what you could do using other colors - something with black-brown-grey tones to more closely emulate wood would be interesting to see. As well as going full hog with a psychedelic rainbow selection lol.
denimascus
You're  thinking about this worng, you approaching this like its wood.. You're now working with whats called composites,Just look up carbon fiber or fiber glass parts. You'll find all the finishes and tools you need and all the tips and tricks.
The denim table top is fabulous! I do agree with one of your followers. The legs and table frame are underwhelming! Your table top deserves to be put on a petastole
You did NOT.     Bro I discovered you through the other denim table,   that's too funny
DENIM !!  I'd love to see a highly detailed video on just the denim slab alone. you can also describe your improvements on what would make it more appealing to you
very well said. Calling a spade a spade... without calling them, ego maniacs that I would have.
very slick brother, you're far from a diy though lol, you're tooled like you've been a wood worker for 30 years. You should do some at home  DIY type shit without the fes and router, I wanna see what them hands do.
dude, it's a cool desk, i like your work, and how you explain things, but $17,000.......
Cool❤❤❤❤
DENIM! MOAR DENIM!!! 👏👏👏 This might be one of my favorite tops you’ve ever done? I know you mentioned the Ikea thing but the base… I hate it 😩 Makes it look so cheap! It looks unfinished or something? But the top is PERFECTION in my mind. More crazy materials! Love this kind of stuff. Sorry for my HONEST opinion but you asked for it!!! 💖💕💖👏👏🙌
As we all know, its only Damascus if its from the Damascus region of France, other wise its just Sparkling Steel.
Denim.  All glory to the hypnotable.  All glory to the hypnotable.  All glory to the hypnotable.  I'll admit, I agree that the 7/8ths roundover was more than I would do, but the fit and finish is amazing in the end.  I also like how the patterning looks around the smaller "islands" rather than the bigger ones that leave big blobs of light or dark color, but still a big success of a build if you ask me.
🍀🏈 🐕🇺🇸 denim coolest table I have ever seen
I can't believe you said the f* word 😂
Denim
Denim❤
Denim. Do a black and Grey one
Denim if you can sell it for what it is worth to you to do all that work. If not just make a print of what it looks like and veneer it on some particle board like IKEA would.
Denim chair! 🪑 🥰
Denim (or other fabrics), and thanks for the tip :)
NO! STOP IT Damascus is not a proper name for traditional Damascus ripple patterns. It's just the lazy modern one. Hell, the WHOLE modern "Damascus " movement & naming results from a a trademark manipulation to make money of the most respected historical blades lost to the industrial revolution; what is now called " Damascus Wootz". That prick has destroyed the history of that name, destroyed the history & high art of Complex, beautiful, detailed patterns in traditional Pattern Welding (the proper name of the western art). He too western pattern welding methods, used them badly on purpose, and made blanks that would fool most hobbyist collectors.  Called it Damascus (trademark) to scam collecting.  HE went under. Then American blacksmiths As a whole decided the scam was too good to pass up, rebranded pattern welding, and never bothered to even try to look like the original. The sheer Amount of utter bullshit here. Please either Acknowledge the actual history,  or stay away from it. Modern American "Damascus" is cultural appropriation of the worst form; like British follies in retro Roman style. Or Chinese sweat factories selling "ancient swordss" they made yesterday.
Super cool project. You would probably get a more natural and pleasing pattern if you used some large smooth river rocks for the form instead of the plywood. If you do want to go the plywood route I'd recommend looking into Perlin noise, or maybe Turing patterns that you could route into the wood to make your forms
DENIM!!! I have hyperactive ADHD brain and I absolutely love all of the implications for applications you have inspired for me. My mind is so busy channel surfing as the infinite possibilities are pretty overwhelming right now I actually find it difficult to compose this message giving you all the respect a craftsman and educator‼️sorry, respect a craftsman and “entertainer” deserves! Thank you sir. I’m off to engineer a non carbon fiber denim interior accents and speaker box for my car😂
"Pattern-Laminated" Denim?
set the jable, get ready for jinner, dont make a mess of your jood
It’s $17,000.00 😳
More denim, for sure!
Denim. Yeah dude, that turns out beautifully.
Gas is actually a liquid 😂😅
Most folks: Denim Table Me, an intellectual: Jable
900/10. I want a whole house made of this
When you're wrong, you're wrong. Suck it buttercup. And 17k with glue squeezeout stains on the base? 😂
Denim is neat, but now I want to see how a table would look made from layers of traditionally pressed paper. You'd get a lot of colors or you could do a gradient, and the old style paper is kinda beautify with swirling grains and very earthy fibers. That or a crap ton of Origami paper.
DENIM (occasionally)  You've essentially found your own path to inventing micarta. It's commonly used in the knife making community and is very strong and versatile! You can make micarta with any fabric...even carbon fibre! Hint hint 😊
Denim absolutely beautiful.
👍🏼
Denim. I imagine the reason the denim ends up being softer after being thrown through the thickness planer might be similar to why anything gets furry when being sanded. The fibers are probably shaken loose by the sanding. And resin also looks fuzzy to me until its more finely sanded and polished.
Very pretty....  But a lots pants could have been made from that material for orphanages and homeless shelters
DENIM!!! Its like a giant micarta table. I love it looks like a knife handle.
what if you do denim carbon fiber denim carbon fiber what could be the product will end up
Denim. I love this table. You are the biggest wood working channel PERIODT. 😁
Denim.....17k for a table no thank you but beautiful table came out amazing and im sure will sell no problem  good luck with your sale
Denim was cool.
No denim …. So how about a silk scarf that has been blown by the wind into a shape that’s perfect for sitting next to the denim table
So this is entertainment, but you're also selling a how-to educational workshop.  Got it.
Denim- now I didn't know I needed to see this happen, but it was pretty interesting and the results were beyond my initial assumptions.  Pretty cool for a randomly surfed video find. I've watched some of the epoxy wood projects before though.
Love the patterns!!! You could probably do some wild stuff if you threw some patterned/different colored clothes in some layers!!!
Whew, $17,000 for an IKEA style table .        Once again Cam, you built a wonderful piece.   Keep it up.
Congrats on another beautiful project. I could be wrong but It appears you used a drum sander  ( not a planer) to surface your material after the epoxy infusing. I would caution any viewers attempting this project by putting epoxy infused fabric thru a planer. The result could be catastrophic.    .
This is sick creative mastermind 💯
Super sick! I like the psychedelic look! ❤
I'd be interested to see all sorts of materials used... though i don't know how expensive a silk table would be!
You missed sawzall on your list lol
here is how you drill holes correctly How to Use a Drill Power up your drill. Adjust the torque to suit the material you're drilling.  Find the Xs or dots you made to mark where to drill. Get at the correct level to drill the hole.  Stabilize your drill vertically.  Gently pull the trigger.  Once you've drilled as far as you need, put the drill in reverse.
Yes more denim!
Denim or not Denim,  that is the question,  what a beautiful table. Whatever medium you decide to use next, I'm sure it will be great. Thanks for the amazing content. Looking forward to the next project.
denim.   Good job..I like this idea
"Denim Damascus" aka "micarta"
But most of your viewers can't afford a $17,000 tableas pretty as t is
More denim! Maybe colors too! I love the Damascus look!
Denim, always love to see what you do with your tables.
Denim! Another great project, Cam. I have been using your Nano N3 over Rubio on various woods, following the application video you put out, and the protection is awesome.  If a piece gets damaged, what's the best restoration process, given the various layers of finish/protection, to get it back to good? Can you work in areas and feather it, or does it need to be fully resurfaced? Thanks
Denim….this result was really cool!  Loved your commentary too!  Thank you! Enjoyed it.
Bro has to chill, anyone can comment what ever they want, it’s a YouTube video. You don’t have to read the comments if you don’t want to
Denim! I love how it came out and look forward to seeing more! 😊
Denim .. nice looking table…
This might be the best table ever
Denim. Here's a thought, source your denim from Damascus, that way it'll be genuine Damascus denim. 😀
denim
Denim! I think it would be cool if you were to use all three colors. 15 sheets of dark 15 sheets of medium 15 sheets of light with the same technique to get like a geographically layout of a mountain rage! 🤔
Well, now that there’s a table, it needs a set of chairs. Some of the melded veneer-plywood chair styles from the 70s could be vacuum melded in denim just like the wood versions.  Might be too much denim though. Yeah, it would be.
Sitting down at the table, maintaining hard eye contact with the camera the entire time, that was your Bond villain moment. :)
Denim is quite amazing. I would never imagine a table made of it though. This is the first time I’ve seen any of your videos. I’m hooked! I wonder how other fabrics would work out
Loos coo. Like gun G-10 grips or knife grips.
I like the quick F you to the stupid comments you get sometimes... even if it cost you views or subscribers your willing to tell it how it is, good on ya mang
yesss, more denim projects! It looks really cool!
Carbon fiber Damascus pearl multi colored please, sir. I think would be very catching! Thanks for asking. Hope it turns out! Love to see it if’n you do.
That is not Damascus, it is just good old fashion pattern welding. Damascus is a very specific type of crucible steel that came out of India and was exported to Damascus Syria where it was fashioned into weapons during the late medieval period. By the time of the Early Modern period the specific supply was lost, and no more has been made since. Pattern welding has been practiced since at least roman times. There are some very good examples of Germanic and Viking weapons with patterns. China, Japan, and Korea all have examples. My favorite are the old black powder shotgun barrels that came out of Belgium in the late 1800's. The so called rediscovery of Damascus Steel in the 70's is nothing but bullshit marketing.  The reason this should be corrected is because the original meaning of the word is totally different than the new usage. And causes confusion. You may feel that it is cool or ok to interchangeable use the term for two totally different things. But you are wrong. Unlike your sheet rock/Dry wall example where they are the same thing, in this case they are not. Both metallurgically, and in the construction of the base object.
Term Damascus is only used for Damascus Steel, that's it, did anyone ever heard Damascus Iron, Damascus Copper or Damascus Aluminum,i think this is the end of all the illetrat arguments peoples puting here😂
i love it!
I believe Damascus is the original pattern welded steel. Named after the city in ancient times so your right . Great Damascus table don't like the base id stub my toes on it
it's not too thick for vacuum infusion -- vacuum pressure is an incredibly strong force. If you're at 25 psi on a 3' by 5' surface, that's 50,000 pounds+ of force over the entire surface
Come man!  I didn't read the comment, but perhaps he was just trying to tell you something that you didn't know.  Maybe he was being a D-bag, but maybe he was just trying to be helpful.  No one likes a know it all, but I don't like anyone that let's me be ignorant to be "nice".
denim please and thank you
Don't care what it's called...lol.... but love the entire build.
You aren't wearing a respirator whilst mixing the epoxy!! I wish epoxy was never invented it's an evil stuff killing our environment and causing lung diseases! And you're sanding epoxy without the respirator!!!  This sets such a bad example.  Please look after your health.
Denim.  Absolutely amazing!  Love it.  I thought your first denim table was equally amazing.  You do incredible work.
More denim please
i think this top would look great on an adjustable height frame like an UpliftDesk V2
19:37 - "What the fuck did you make now!?" 🤣🤣🤣
“Wtf did he make now” 😂😂😂😂
When I was going for my mech engineering, we all had to try out doing vacuum bag forming of carbon fibre. Surprisingly most of us were successful the first attempt. There were minor dry spots due to a slight lack of epoxy, but it went well.Thought our samples were about 1.5 feet by 1.5 feet. The process is pretty well within that 5% range of what we'd probably call perfection, imho
I love de top ,would like en darker base but that is my taste , but more denim please love it😊
19:35 "What the FUCK did you make now?" basically sums up my reaction seeing this video on my home page
Corduroy.
More denim 🎉
Great build as always but please, please do not wear gloves around spinny tools like your router. Worse things will happen to your gloved hand gets caught vs. if your bare hand or fingers get caught.
My thumbs up was just because I loved that list.
Podes continuar!!!! A produto final é excelente, único!!!!
Denim all the way! I absolutely love how this ended up! It's so unique and fun. I'd love to see what you do with colored denim, not just blue!
Denim…I absolutely love this table. This is some of your best work. That table would look awesome as my desk in my office. Out of my price range but awesome work.
Damascus inspired denim table, that should shut up the naysayers  To get the true look you’re looking for. I would use all three denims I would cut the links to the link you want them and then slice each one into 1 inch strips then I would weave them in and out in a three color pattern, changing out both directions as you weave them together. Have them would be stripped down the height and half would be stripped down the length then you weave them in and out of each other just stapling the end pieces to each one, so you pull it Tire lays like you want to. It would also allow the denim to form into more detailed shapes. If you wanted, it would make a great Damascus inspired denim table.
Denim makes great visual for tables! I've been a fan for 3 years, love your designs! Would love to see you're take on one of these tables: https://youtube.com/shorts/wt8tBF4Cey0?si=WhV2AwfCPq8_Odw1  Another one... With allot of bowties https://youtube.com/shorts/u9X7xmjs6Qs?si=E4VtpsGkg_NCMk9S
Bro stop yapping
Denim and flannel!
denim
I love everything about this look... it's gorgeous, psychedelic blue... I love it.  I've been watching your videos for years now and always leave inspired.  I dind't mind the breasts they looked like googly eyes to me.
Next up, a table made from flannel shirts? :)
Mr. Sins can now add Demin woodworking to his long list of career acccumplishments.
No don't say that I love it it is fantastic it is absolutely beautiful I think you nailed it . Its perfect and I think you will get more for the table than you expect. It's a masterpiece.
I think it turned out fantastic, especially with the white oak, and there's plenty of room to play in future tables with layering/density/color/etc of the denim. great work!
bellissimo
Denim excited to see your next denim project you always improve like you're living life like a video game putting all your points into craftsmanship
At 20 minutes you put on the epoxy on top and my mind was blown. So guckin beautiful!! Like a whalesharks patterns of colors. Almost like acid 1965. It was insanely beautiful!!
Love it.. Love all your Wood, Denim builds...
Denim... to make a "true" Damascus-style, you could try throwing the denim on sort of randomly, as opposed to laying it in large, flat sheets. Toss a bunch of smaller, randomly-sized pieces and let them fall as they may. THEN do the vacuum sealing and see if it presses down flat-ish. Also, maybe cover the vacuum-sealed conglomeration with sheets of plywood or sheetrock and lay weights on top of those to really press it flat. Or, instead of denim, throw down a bunch of differently colored wood veneers.
Denim, could you do the same “Damascus” effect with two other materials? IE woven carbon fibre and fibre glass. Just a thought, great video. 👍
Denim
It's not the first denim epoxy table.
the reason why it gets fuzzy again is that the fibers are being pulled out of the monoblock. dont really know how to prevent it.
I totally get what you said about people wanting to watch you work. I love woodworking, but often don't have time to do it myself. Getting to watch lets me feel like Im keeping up with the hobby and learning new ideas at the same time.
Hi Cam! Composite tech/engineer here! I loved the look of the table and love seeing you expand your skillset working with new meterials! Cant wait to see what you do with carbon fiber one of these days! So a couple things that would help greatly help with the layup, there is a HUGE difference between peel ply, and release film. Peel ply is intended to be directly on the wet fabric and is intended to be peeled of leaving a somewhat textured/matte but leveled surface free of resin wrinkles. HOWEVER! Perforated release film (for pre-impregnated fabrics use non perforated film) is supposed to go on top of the peel ply so it doesnt bond to your breather which is why you had a difficult time peeling it off. Release film peels exactly how Saran wrap would like you were talking about In addition, you end up losing a lot of resin in the process and can resin starve your part which could have also contributed to the fibers doing weird things. When doing your next table/project, the ideal ratio is 60/40 weight fabric to resin, that should help guessing how much resin to use without wasting as much. I also use a bondo scrapper because i found it easier to saturate the fabric easier. Lastly, for a wet layup, you dont need to have a catch bin because ideally you have the necessary amount of resin within your bag and any excess resin will get soaked into the breather through the perforated release film. Thank for listening to my Ted Talk and cant wait to see the future projects!
Cam your imagination is the only thing that could hold you back at this point. Use it and show the world some fun new ways to make things outside the norm. Not to say, stop with the wood stuff, I think we all still love that. And as long as you are having fun, that's all that really matters. Love your stuff. Good luck.
by saying that list is comprehensive you're suggesting that it's ok to correct you about any items not on the list.
Please wear a proper mask when sanding denim. Workers in denim factories get silicosis from denim dust. You really don't want that. Also look up Byssinosis from inhaling cotton dust.
This looks really good
Denim. Wow.
You should make a fire and denim table it could be really cool. Ps love you're vids😊😊
Denim. Always enjoy your videos.  Great table ..  maybe a lava lamp on the corner to finish it.
That base isn't beautiful for that top
For those who wonder but don´t feel to look it up: 17.000,00 $
Is this the first ever recorded Jamascus?
This dude look like a shiny version of mathew McConaughey
Denim, Perhaps do a bunch of small scale tests of other cloth materials. Khaki done like this could make a very wood-like pattern.
think of it like this u have an apple u cast in resin and cut it in half now the apple is exposed and is softer then resin the same is going for the denim and why its fuzzy when cut, ur re exposing those soft fibers from the hard resin
annoying fuking little screws are the bane of my life, the spares usually end up on the floor then stuck in my feet at some point hahahahha, loving the experimenting man going out yyour comfort zones and using new materials, i cannot wait untill british summer is here as il be doing sand casting :) new hobbie
Came out great! I'd totally be stoked to see more denim projects or even other materials. It almost looks like a bunch of bisection cuts of some geodes.
Denim, for sure
Like you catch pot. I would try a vacuum pump. Compressed air is expensive.
I like it but I wonder if it would be a softer look with 3 colors😅 not as psychedelic
Denim. It looks great. You damascus pattern also looks sort of like a Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction, which is cool.
More denim please 😎
Denim is my new favorite wood!  I love the final result and the colors turned out amazing, great job, as always.
LMAO, i know what damascus is. could you get a traditional pattern in to it?
Denim, it looks gorgeous and I would love to see more
Denim/Not Denim.  I loved the first one, not so much this one.  It looks like the mistake version of the first one.  But, it was a neat exploration of an idea from thought to finish.  Great video.
I like it but I wouldnt have rounded the edges that much. Makes it look more like a really wide bench if you ask me. But that’s just me.
DENIM! Definitely more denim projects please. How about a one-piece denim Panton chair? I don't know if it would even be possible, let alone practical, but you've never let silly little things like that stop you in the past...
Denim. Looks really cool. I was thinking it'd look nice with side and back walls like a lot of higer end desks have
Denim. It would be interesting to try something not abstract, like some defined shapes (someone else mentioned honeycomb) or letters to make someone’s name. There are a lot of neat patterns used in Damascus. Maybe try to recreate some of those.
When you present this to the buyer you may want to avoid describing those round patches as "botched breast augmentation" there near the end but instead perhaps googly eyes but, hey, crude can be funny as hell.  Just be sure to feel out your buyer on that kind of humor first.
Denim. Kept flinching when you were on your knees with the planer behind you. Kept waiting for you to bonk your melon
pfft, 17k for something that only took you 30 minutes and 41 seconds to make.
wow!!! fantastic!
Denim
Denim - this table turned out much better than I expected it too. Looks like a ton of work in just prepping materials much less soaking and stacking layers. I do like the look overall, you call is psychedelic but to me is looks a lot like fordite which is something is often used in the turning and jewelry worlds. The layers of colors brings a lot of character and yeah, you can't really do anything about some of the weird forms that come from it. The white oak paired very well. Nice project overall.
That's beautiful, denim works for so many things. I would love to see a floor covering like tiles or a sheet done with different colors like this.
Denim
10/10 great job! 👏🏻
this is the coolest looking table ive seen in a long time, I love it
I was just watching the preview, but the heat over the annoying damascus guy made me click the video and leave a like, thanks 😂
denim Looks fun!!
DENIM
He really make some interesting stuff.
Denim! It matches your eyes...
Denim, huh? Who knew there could be a cooler denim table then the last one?
denimmm danimm danim danim danim danim daniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiim da-da-da-danim
We love you and your stuff, Cam... but about the corrections, sometimes the Aspergers *just won't let us* let it go.  Sorry.  (And yes, we know we're not getting picked for soccer.)
That is beautiful man
your builds are way to overpriced
Denim for sure!
Demin! Love your videos and definitely a cool concept you had in this one, where do you watch all of these documentaries you talk about in your videos?
Huge fan of the minimal table base. Looks very cool
19:35    😂
Denim, this table looks so much cooler than I thought it would. Absolutely mental, good job!
i just love the tables you make.. so much talent, maybe one day I will have enough money to buy one
Love the moment you put the epoxy on the top and it goes from a cool light blue to this vibrant dark blue and black. Such a cool look.
So cool! Would be interesting to try layering different colors of denim layered.  Also loved the guys at CW "Very cool!" "What the f*%# did he make now?" @ 19:32
Demin. So i have made denim micarta for knife handles. I jave also used burlap. The looser weave adds an interesting 3d depth. You might want to try making a sample piece and see what you think. Fyi i think using really dark brown and really light brown burlap gave the best affect.   As for the fuzziness, I run into the same issue when making knife scales with denim. Not sure why it happens either.
Denim.  I likes it! :)
Denim. That table is beautiful and I love how it turned out. I thoroughly enjoyed watching you make it. So much that I subscribed to your channel. Looking forward to more projects you make.
No-denim. I liked every of your project so far. Even this one but just the process. Unfortunately not the result. Maybe you could do a denim print of your in-camera face table. That would go nice in auction. Plus no need to cut ears off at all! Potential master piece for posterity....
Denim, Watching you make this table makes me want to make a denim table🎉😊
Denim..very impressive... lot of work but results are amazing!!
It would be fun to do a river table style table and do the river with denim instead :)
Denim, this is awesome
Denim. These ideas are incredible. I really like see the final product. Even though I may not be able to afford any of your pieces, I do love seeing them at the end. You do amazing work. It is inspiring me to work toward retirement so that I can build a shop and do some of these things some day.
"Pattern adhered denim" 😂
more denim
Denim,  I think it would be working (aesthetically) better if the pattern would be smaller and more geometric (like Damascus is). Besides that, huge work man!
More denim!!!
DENIM! I don’t work with epoxy much but I am a fashion designer, your concern with the denim may have to do with the fabric content. A lot of low to mid range denim fabrics tend to have some spandex or similar materials and those don’t soak as easily as cotton. That may account for the fuzz you experience. A higher quality 100% cotton denim may eliminate that problem. You could also try a lighter Oz fabric or a chambray fabric. Thinner will give you a more even soak. I hope this may help in the future! Loooooove the experiments you do!
Denim
My bet for the fuzziness and softer feel is that even though there is so much resin, the material itself is still present, and denim is cotton after all. It will present some fuzziness when ground up, since resin starts to lose its strenght and at that point you feel the denim's own feel. Kinda like shaving down wood
The fuzzy top idea would be cool for a poker table
Denim. I'd like to see deliberate, geometric patterns, the way that some pattern-welded (Damascus) blades are done. Even just simple designs would be amazing. Perhaps cutting the block into pieces and rearranging them, then sealing them back together as a complete block?
That table looks awesome
I actually use 3d printed corner clamps for projects. They work well and you can always make new ones if you need a certain size or whatever.
i would love to see a multi colored layering of denim. like black, blue and washed out jeans all layered on top to make a cool Damascus look
Denim, F#*K YEAH!🤘😎👍 This looks so good that I want to incorporate it to some of my upcoming projects... Just need to see more how it's supposed to be done, before I can commit to it fully 😅
Denim, this was a really cool experiment to me! I’d love to see more of what you can do with other materials as well!
Denim or no denim? well, i freaking love your channel man.
cotton fibers would be my guess 21:04
Denim and epoxy, a sight to behold / Crafted by Blacktail, a story now told / A table so fine, it gleams in the light / Its beauty by day, a star in the night / A masterpiece made, worth more than gold.
Suede! no definitely love the denim change of speed.
4:18 what if you attached a decently thick dowel rod to the smaller bottoms. Maybe for next time. Your channel is awesome I have Brachial plexus and have been working on creating while adapting. Your entertainment is a helpful experience, thank you.
I ahvnt worked with denim, but with carbon fiber, it would only be fuzzy if i didnt put enough epoxy into it. U were not putting anywhere near a good amount of epoxy in your wt layup. It could also be a dumb property in denim but idk.
lol
ive always felt that Damascus was the croissant of metal
Personally I don't like the design but I respect the work. But the price is obnoxious, $17k? Are you serious? The value doesn't come even come close to that. You have a lot of visibility so you count on finding some multimillionaire that don't care paying 4 times the value just because he can, but I find it insulting for your audience to promote it as something worth buying at the beginning of the video. And the wooden frame man, it looks like something from Ikea, it's ridiculous for the price tag.
This is so cool
More, more, more!!! Awesome table. By the way I enjoy your good sense of humor 😂…
"fan of the week"  Fkn gold 😂
you should see the Damascus turd I made in my toilet
Cam, I've been watching your videos for years with my children but today chose to unsubscribe from your channell. We won't be watching any more of your videos because you left an f-bomb in the video. I'm sure there will be lots of people that will not understand but this is my choice for my home and my family. We have appreciated and respected your work.  We have enjoyed your sense of humor and watching your channel grow.  We have also celebrated your successes and felt the pain and frustration of your failures.  I'm sure you have plenty of other subscribers but I just wanted to let you know why we aren't among them anymore. Even though you don't know us, we have seen you as a family friend for years. Unfortunately we won't be seeing you anymore.
Cool looking but I prefer wood and wood mixed with epoxy.
I love the look of the denim table top
The Denim looks crazy. How about your wife gets on you about your style. You can changing your style for this next decade and use other denim colors besides just 3 kinds of blue. Maybe  a dark green and brown for example.
The pixelated effect from the woven denim looks very nice in contrast with the more 'analog' or natural Damascus pattern. Very cool project. Was it recycled denim?
And now you need to sell it to someone named Taylor Carpenter
Ce n’est pas de l’ikéa c’est une oeuvre d’art 😊 🇨🇵
Denim, I think it's pretty.
That honestly would’ve been better as a bench seat if it was shorter
Denim - This style could make for a really cool card / poker table top.
That looks incredible! Very inspiring.
Surprised nobody else has suggested it, but would love to see a reclaimed/recycled denim table. Maybe something a bit more sustainable :)
Mf go’s crazy on the voice overs he jus starts projecting like we know ur life if boring outside ur man work space whatever u call ur man cave it’s funny this is ur man cave ur wife wouldn’t accept a man cave with no work being done lol his wife controls everything bro is his wife slave fr
I am sure this has been said but instead of rounded peices use angular ones to avoid the patches. Use more wood peices with much smaller shapes.
Denim, huh? I was super skeptical about this but I really like how it turned out. I agree that some refinement is called for in those dark areas, but overall the concept is really cool.
Denim for the win!! This is so cool!!!!!
The Resin Man, afraid of a little glue-up :) This table looks great, congrats!
I love the effect, great job. What do you think about the base without the connecting parts at the ground level. Just four legs.
*It gets fuzzy again, because it's still denim in epoxy. It's not just epoxy.*  The epoxy is filling in the gaps, not replacing the denim.
Its amazing, I wish if you stain the table base with black, it will be more buetiful.
Denim - this is gorgeous. Not too psychedelic at all to my eyes, and has really made me see the fabric differently and increased my appreciation for it.
Denim for sure. Also how you plopped down into that chair and stared into the camera was hilarious 😂. I don't get to do much woodworking but I'm definitely trying to get into as I can find the time and money. I really like the Epoxy concept but of course it's expensive to attempt.
Those annoying FUCKING little screws you lose track of.  I feel your pain ! I can be on a spotless concrete floor and drop a screw never to be found again.  I swear some sort of portal to another dimension follows me around.
HANG IT IN YOUR LIVING ROOM ?
👍👍👍
You never need to correct anyone ... American ... ever again ? We get it, y'alls EXPECT to be understood, even on a World Wide thing and even if you're 'explaining' things in your own neologisms.  Learning communicating is time consuming and it's much quicker to save time by telling folks they must understand, but almost always counter productive. In the past more than these days, Americans got around their aversion to the learning languages thing by simply ... raising their voice increasingly every time after not being instantly understood. Perhaps preemptively whining for views, like a kid wanting their toys back, is the modern internet equivalent of donning daft shorts, sandals over socks, putting on an optional stack of flabby belly weight [to presumably double as a human camera shelf] and wandering 'round in a straw hat or baseball cap yelling everything that isn't instantly understood. Now can you come up with what we should call the LANGUAGE used in this video, you know, for distinguishing it from English, which it rather obviously isn't.  If you'd called it something like Damascus 'Effect', that could work, but it ain't obviously 'Damascus' anything, unless the cotton or dye came from there.  I suppose you also want us to call that yellow plastic glue shit most frequently used to hold the indefinable food waste [when it's not feeding your WORLD BEATING Prison population with] you call burgers 'cheese' too ? Eff that. It's 'plastic cheese' or 'fake cheese' and 'American Cheese' is actually commonly illegal to sell as Cheese, for false description in all civilised countries. Sometimes, Dumbfuckistani speakers get their panties in a bunch for being corrected, however, proudly spitting out your dummy tit in front of a global audience  .  Americanese [or, Dumbfuckistani] are used terms for what you're speaking, now you never need to correct me for using them to describe it, ever again.
Denim wood river table combo.
denim is super cool, you should totally do more. its nice to see unique projects once in a while and you gotten so good at it since the first one.
Denim, but maybe some other soft materials instead of actual denim.  That said a solid pine cone and epoxy desk?
That's pretty damn cool. I like the idea of using this technique for a guitar body - it would look pretty mint on a slab-body like a tele. Alternatively, flat layers of denim could look cool on a carve-top like an LP.
Now is the table blue and black or white and golden?
Denim, would be great to see if you could dye the denim in different colours to see what you could get
Denim, for sure. Black and multicoloured denim next? This is a lovely piece of furniture. I'd need to save up a lot and move continents to buy it. ;)
If you don't like that sharp edge on your corner after doing your router run, then next time you make a table round the corners on your rectangle to the same radius as your routing edge. Then you'll end up with a nice smooth spherical octant instead of a corner.
he looks evil at the end there
Denim. You can make denim maps of countries/states or popular damascus patterns like raindrop and ladder... endless possibilities for custom orders.
Very cool table! Damascus, or Patterned steel, is a process of folding and hammering/stretching out the material, usually steel. The process of layering different materials, working a pattern that is revealed by removing material other than steel is commonly referred to as the Japanese method Mukami-Gani.  Either way, it's very cool.
loved it ! the colours are perfect!
CORRECTION: 52 items not 40! 😂-LMFAO-😂
Denim
it shure looks nice
Denim, this table is a bit psychedelic... It's groovy man!
Denim
Just came to enjoy the exclusively American, passive aggressive whinge plea: "Don't correct me, I'm a privileged middle age man with an underdeveloped 16 year old ego and i'll use my platform to bully people that are smarter than me on my platform so my viewerbase can give me digital high fives, now put my work back on the fridge." Rant.
Denim. I love the look of the table but the highlights of your videos for me is when you make fun of trolls 😂. Love hating on trolls.
Looks great. I'll take 5 in assorted pastels.
I went to youtube to find the largest and best denim epoxy channel, and found you instead. You show potential so I subscibed.
Denim. Very interesting and enjoyable to watch a craftsman work. I would also like to see another table less busy although this was spectacular too.
Denim. A black base would have looked cool.
Just an idea, since the table looks great at the middle around the insert and bad at the edges, why not add more wood along the edges, or get someone to cnc a "landscape" so you get that cool pattern everywhere. Good jobb btw 👏
Denim, At first I was thinking, "Not another one of these denim tables!"  By the end I liked the look (not in my home though).  However, at @17:34 I think you have something there. Imagine  if you hadn't covered that up and that was actually the top. Instead of plywood though it was something like walnut.  You might have something there.
Got an idea about why the denim is fuzzy: When you buy a brand new pair of jeans (or other fabrics), there´s still some kind of coating on the fibers (probably to have it run through the machines better) If you´ve ever spilled some water on unwashed fabric, it doesn´t soak in immediately, it often even runs off. This effect goes away after the first wash.  With epoxy it may be the same, the epoxy in general bonds well to the fabric, but not to individual fibers.
Denim - your "experiments" are so cool! I LOVE this table. Thank you for the entertainment!
Suggestion: hold the small pieces with a modified vacuum nozzle.
You ragging on metalsmiths telling you that's not damascus, is like them telling you about your woodworking.  Going against you on this one.
Babe, wake up, new Jable just dropped
Denim, for sure!!!! This is actually a very beautiful  table and certainly a very interesting technique! Kudos to you Cam!!!
Dude this is the coolest design ive seen on your videos
Denim! but what if... you make it more psychedelic with different dyed denim?
Столешница конечно топ. Но основание будет шататься. Нужно либо что-то основательнее либо укосины ставить.
The reason why it was fuzzy is that the denim was not completely infused at a macro level. The fibres still have some air inside them.
Denim!   Love the table.  As usual, your creativity and attn. To detail is admirable... a bit of personal feedback is that while I dont mind the color of the base, the simplicity of it coupled with the denim color gives it a "massage table" feel to me... But that's just me... would love to see an industrial style base, paying homage to the blue-collar history of denim🤔🤔✌🏾   anyway, Cam... beautiful work, and I appreciate your channel!!
He’s rediscovered micarta!
Could epoxy just be to viscous to fully penetrate the material before setting?
Denim - I'd have said more boogly eyes than augmented breasts - but this is great work!
Denim - and experimenting with other materials as well
Denham for sure. Looks awesome mate love your videos
Beautiful.  You have made a work of art
"hey heres a bit oh history/etymology/ origin of the thing you are doing you might not know since learning cool things is fun" "fuck off, no one likes you and i hope bad things happen to you" oh boy aren't you a positive person? tons of fun too i bet! hope you have a great day
For those that always correct people when they use the brand name as the generic name, use caution because you could both be correct in some cases. When a brand name becomes ubiquitous with the actual product name, often their trademark rights are removed and all products can be legally called that. This is why Google is actively promoting to not use their name to describe online searching. They could lose ownership of their own name.
YES! So glad you revisited the denim table. The previous video and the pool of denim dyed epoxy still lives rent free in my mind.
Wonder if @mosevic_eyewear has any tips for finishing?
denim. Moar denim
I looooove how psychedelic it looks ❤❤❤
Denim. Good use for epoxy.
Denim - great work 🙌🏼
Denim. Honestly, I never would’ve thought I could care so much for what you do if someone would’ve explained your channel to me before I ever watched. I’m a professional artist as well (I hope you consider yourself that), but very far from this medium. I think what truly makes you so special is that people get to see what beautiful art really looks like. It looks like so much failure that you EXPECT IT. But each video you see how the best way to deal with that fear and anxiety of failure is to just keep paddling your feet to barely stay above the project. Sometimes we’re lost in the project, but if you just keep going this is what you get. And that’s a special thing for people to see, thank God for you. I make clothing, if you ever need the equivalent to your tables in merch. I like the to believe I give the same into my craft.
Denim
denim is great
Few F bombs in this one 😂
Denim! And yes, it looks psychedelic as hell 👌
denim
Denim, I think it looks great and super excited to see what idea's you come up with next. great stuff as always, thanks for sharing
Denim …is think it looks great and we need more
multi-bar twisted damascus next time!!
_don't care, didn't ask_  personal watercraft air bubble packing body suit hot tub Toot Sweet Marshmallow Fluff slow cooker guide dog breath analyzer ice resurfacer lip balm facial tissues acetylsalicylic acid air-cushion vehicle table tennis ice pop cotton swabs inline skates adhesive cellophane tape wootz steel permanent marker self-service laundry moving staircase real estate broker food container zip fastener hook-and-loop fastener string trimmer correction fluid adhesive bandages bandalore conducted energy device utility knife movable waste container procaine photocopy sticky notes spirit board acrylic paraffin polystyrene laminate flying disc toy hoop slip water slide wind-resistant jacket solid carbon dioxide Western hat rebound tumbler presentation program General Educational Development Test search engine vacuum flask
Woo
Great video! But please be careful, epoxy dust is carcinogenic. Wear a respirator when sanding, so that we can enjoy your videos for a long time.
im dissappointed you didint read the 40 words out one by one😁
Denim, now you just need to make epoxy-wallnut jeans, and you are set!
My favourite project so far
It looks great, good job!
No Denim. Technically, Denim but don't overdo it. As for the weird patterns: They'll make for funny discovery activities and small talk during dinner or a conference. 😁
Denim 👍🏻
Denim! I've done that in smaller scale for micarta knife handle blanks, it's a mess, and i didnt have any vacuum equipment back then. Feels like I have to try for a revenge on that mess :)
That list sent me 😭
You are "the Next level.. " I never regretted watching your videos
Nice to witness your damascene conversion. I get the sense youll be preaching about the virtues of denim and epoxy for some time to come! ...You're a real denim demon! ...You're no longer the lowest common deniminator...
More denim for sure. That looked really clean and really well done. Do you or would you ship any items to the uk? (My bad if it’s answered somewhere else I’m an idiot sandwich)
I can see my Dad really admiring this table from Heaven. He loved his wood
Yes denim
You're so sassy today 🙌
There's a gay punk rock song called "denim demon" ...the band Therapy? covered it. It's practically a crime that you haven't used it for this video. Then again, I don't know if they'd copyright strike you for it. 😂
Man the table top looked so good but why’d you have to use the base from like a 20 gallon bearded dragon enclosure?
Denim! I’m no woodworker, but I’m one average seamstress and I love the look of it!  I think this table would fit right in in some designers studio or showroom!  Absolutely love the table ❤
Looks good.
Denim. I was thinking psychedelic seconds before you mentioned it. Nevertheless, it looks amazing. As for the parts of the table you didn’t like, I think that it helps to give the piece it’s personality. It’s also evidence that its one of kind and it wasn’t manufactured by in a shop by robots. I’ll definitely be checking out more videos including your tutorials.
Micarta
Hi! Amazing!! Would you make a similar one but with red denim? It would look like a redwood damascus table sith fabric pattern... Go on man! You're doing gret!
Denim - this looks like a lava lamp had sex with a massage table , I would really think this was going to be soft to the touch
2:40 The list went by too fast for me to screenshot. Did it include Grammar Nazi or Pedantic Popular Usage Korrecter of English(PUKE)? 😂
love it
the reason you still get the fuzz is because you will remove the harder before the softer of the resin and denim so it starts to fuzz up more but i could be wrong thats just the only answer i have seen
Denim- As I'm laughing over here at how insanely amazing it looks coming off the planar I hear "what the f did you make now". I expect to see these a lot more from other people very soon. I just wish the base was darker/more hidden.
denimascus
Denim. I think it’s unique and I’m always partial to the oddities in life. I like the look of this table and the others,  it I’m really a fan of the walnut tables too. I wonder if there is a way to do both in one table and what that would look like?
You didn't make Damascus anything you made Pattern welded steel. Damascus doesn't exsist. Period. It's a 4 day process making "real" Damascus and that's just to make the ingot.
For those who want the list of 40 items but don’t want to pause the video: Jet ski, bubble wrap, onesie, jacuzzi, fluffernutter, croc pot, seeing eye dog, breathalyzer, Zamboni, chapstick, Kleenex, aspirin, hovercraft, popsicle, Q-tips, roller blades, scotch tape, Damascus, sharpie, laundromat, escalator, realtor, Tupperware, zipper, Velcro, weedeater, white-out, band-aid yo-yo, taser, x-acto knife, dumpster, novacain, xerox, post-its, ouija board, plexiglas, kerosene, styrofoam, Formica, frisbee, hula hoop, slip’n slide, windbreaker, dry ice, Stetson, trampoline, PowerPoint, GED, google, and thermos  The only correction I will make is… it’s way more than 40 😅
Denim for sure(: And how about u buying denim from Damaskus then it would be damaskus denim
first off DENIM! That came out beautifully! amazing craftsmanship and ingenuity
OOoh no you didnt!!
What a fantastic table. I use a damascus knife daily, and you really nailed the motif!
Next damascus denim table: alternating sheets of 5 black and white denim, one sheet of blue or red, repeat.
I regret to do this but,I am gonna have to unsubscribe to your channel. The reason I am is because it seems you have lost you joy I have noticed the last couple of videos how angry you have become. It seems you have lost the joy of  creating .you still make creative and unusual tables .and they are awesome i think you have let the negative feedback get to you. Don't let them  steal your joy.  You are not gonna please every one. you.
Do more of these …
Now I'm just wondering what it would look like if you made a shredded denim table
Correction: as an expert in Denim for 25 yrs in the fabric making business, those are not different color washes, rather they are different color shades. Denim washes are only if the fabric actually gets a wash using water, or a combination of chemicals to take the color lighter, or darker. Your shades, are yarns dyed at different colors of lightness, then woven into fabric as the warp meets the weft. I am sorry if you'll hate me forever and bruised your soul a bit. Yes your disclaimer was you wear the same man pants for 10 years. Also, wast that woodworking, craft, or experiment?Surely was not a trend for home use. Cheers!
“Nobody likes you” you tell em, lol
Moooooore denim, looooved it. ❤
Your Damascus Denim Table was a remarkably interesting build. I loved the simplistic style of both the table and base which created quite a unique design. More Denim projects please.
The correct term is denim micarta and that would be a huge expensive sheet of micarta awsome work 👌🏿
denim denim denim
Don't you mean "weed-whacker" or whipper-snipper?
The only one i diagree with on the list is jacuzzi. Calling it a jacuzzi or even a spa is just pretentious, just call it a hot tub.
How much please hit me up
I think the denim has a fluffy feel because when sanded, the fibres in the fabric are broken, essentially fraying. Witch would be why is feels fluffy.
I think it would have looked really cool if there wasn’t that bottom layer of denim. Meaning if you looked underneath you’d see the wood pieces. Also, I couldn’t tell if you did this or not, but varying the height of the long pieces down the length of them would have created a cooler, more random pattern. Awesome build tho!!
Denim   I didn’t see “cow” on your list!
love the top but legs look so weak and not inspired compared to the top.  But what do I know....
fuzzy is tearout, same if you cut / sand fiberglass it will expose the fibers
Would love to see a black and light black/grey denim table next!
Denim! Love the table
I'm on YouTube watching you and I thought I subscribe already but I can't see if I subscribe or or a way to subscribe
I like it. As with even the most expensive cut of timber you're going to have flaws. Keeping in mind that as a maker you're intimately aware of them you're always going to be sensitive to how they are received. In reality they looks great. as for the "fuzzyness" you're talking about, watch some knife making videos dealing with Micarta, FR4 or G10, they litterally sand and buff those materials to a shine, no extra finishing compounds.
Denim I do not know if you're going to be able to get to my post or not but I love both your tables would and the denim and with the fabric showings or feeling The frayed cloth , my opinion is because it's a solid material still even though it's cloth is got solidness to it and it can't soak 100% through it so that's why you get that frame look and feel
Looks like an old CRT TV on static with a great big magnet close to it.
I am not a woodworker.  I follow you because you are clearly a nice person.!!! And it helps that you live in Oregon, went to OSU, my home town, your generosity, and sense of humor!!!  I wish you had more self confidence….
To me this screams “Carolina Panthers front office” you should reach out to them as prospective buyers
Beautiful table, ignore the haters, if they can do it better, good for them! awesome video again...
Denim! Honestly I'm not in love with the blond wood base (i just prefer darker ones) but i love the tabletop
Denim table is masterful...thanks so much for sharing your surperior craftmanship
Love the top, base not as much
I wonder what it would look like if you cut the wood the shape of the continents, different wood color for each continent, then when you sanded it down land would be wood and denim layers look like water depth
Imagine this as a pool table!!!!!
Denim  This is one of the coolest things on the Internet, I agree it's super psychedelic but you can't beat the creative risk you took here. Amazing work, and can't wait to see what's next!
Denim! Random question but what brand of threaded inserts do you use? Also this table looks dope!!
Denim denim denim...
Denim.. you could carve into the material to help take out the areas you don't like.
Not everyone giving their opinion is "correcting" you. People dont know everything that you do. Sometimes they just want to help, even if thats something that you already know. That just came off as intellectually insecure. Obviously the person in the example was correcting you, but you cast a very wide net with what you said.
I love your channel bud; but hate this table.
Denim  The look turns out well. I think it would be impressive to maybe make a pattern like a Damascus dragon in the center of the table using the same method. Table looks nice, definitely worth the effort.
unreal. what a stud 😂
Yes, Denim. There are so many possibilities. You are creative enough to build different types and styles of wood tables for a long time to come. Putting that same creativity into denim tables, well, you've only just scrached the surface. I, for one, would like to see where you go from here. Wow, this just now popped into my head. You could incorporate "Levi's" hardware. Like copper rivets, 501 buttons, or an old leather patch. Sorry, I've got to stop before I can't stop. Really do enjoy your videos.
God imagine being a grammer police but for the creative process. What a twat
Scott was right. To much rounding at the end
More denim!
Denim! This is was so dope. I can see what you mean about being a little "too psychedelic" but I love it. Really awesome project.
I am blown away! Much Love
Denim is so cool. I think it would be fun to get some thrift-store trashed vintage cotton shirts(as a whole table, or mixed with your _Damascus_ denim table idea), and see if you could do something like this project with that... but much like your first attempt with getting jeans and cutting them up, it might take too much... but maybe you could just layer and interlock them? Anyway, excellent video, very entertaining, my injury lawyer will be in contact shortly... but now I _REALLY_ want to find something to critique you on, but it's just fun watching you work... lol
Denim, are you a Trail Blazers fan / disappointed that Lillard left?
You know your list went too fast for people to read. People read at an average rate of 156 words per min. Lol. I just had too. Hear hear. Unless its something that will harm or destroy something, just let it go. Numbers were found in my head  so probably not correct
No Denim, 2:38: I mean, yeah, I was left off the softball team, but lawyers would point out to you that you are going to cause genericide.  I mean, think about it.  Using a trademarked name so much in common parlance causes the trademark loses its protection.  The same reason why the LEGO corporation will always ask you to call them "LEGO-brand building blocks" and not simply "legos."  (You got Kleenex and Xerox, Q-Tips and Sharpie, but how did you miss Lego?  Video is literally unwatchable now, time to unsub!)       J/K, of course.  I could never cut you off like that.
Denim. This was such a unique project. It turned out beautiful.
Denim
#Denim White oak looks amazing. I think even red oak would look awesome and not outshine or overshadow the denim. Very cool project. And being a hobbyist knifemaker.. We call it damascus too.. 😂😂and if youre interested theres a channel called Ahron  African Meats.. Actually a woodcturning channel that did a bowl with denim rolls and resin that was awesome.
Denim! I work as a busser wiping tables and your voice pops in my head as I wipe them saying "it really bumps up the sheen"
Wonder what the pattern would look like if you did 3 dark 3 light instead of the 1 dark 1 light thickness.
You know what Mario's pants are made from, right?  Denim-denim-denim!  I'm not ashamed to say I pooped myself more than once watching you route those baby pieces.... that said, I think you'd have been better off with more of the smaller size... maybe small to medium with mixed mostly-circular and mostly-oblong pieces.  I still think it turned out great and the vac bag looks like MUCH less hassle than a pour-and-press.
The botched breast job looks like cookie monster. I think you missed your calling as an actor Cam, the intensity in last shot.. just wow! lmao
that'll be $45,000
denim all the way i want to do some thing simailer in my work shop keep it coming
Superb 👌🏽 A don't throw up on your breakfast hangover table lol jokes jokes... it's looks soooo cool !! Definitely purely damascus demin, that's for sure 🎉
This table is Awesome, Your videos are Entertaining and Fun to watch. I am Subscribed to your channel and look forward to more artistic and original ideas.
Maybe instead of denim, you could do some other material, like canvas.
Denim, nice Job Cam. Looking forward to how you improve on the next denim project, very interesting idea this style.
Denim: that is so cool. Love your wood tables, etc, but this is really cool. I does remind me of damascus. Love the blue.
More denim. Need a collaboration with the guy that does the leatherwork on one of these.
Denim. I loved the table and the stand.  I think that gold hardware (cable portals, concealed outlets, network outlets, etc ...) would be beautiful against the dark or medium blue background.  I agree that it is a bet psychedelic.  I wonder what the results would be if you used this technique with a much finer (and potentially more colorful) fabric, such as silk?  Think one of your matt black bases with green and gold silk layers...?????  Once again, an outstanding creation!
This channel is mostly banter with woodworking going on in the background. haha
denim and no denim!  btw, I swear this is the first time I've ever heard you swear, so I'm keeping a comment just for a record, 13:40 :D
Absolutely awesome!!!!!!!!!! Can you do this with a floral instead of denim? Just wondering for us ladies out here
Seen your stuff before, but this made me subscribe. Definitely love the denim and love your attention to detail
this was wicked cool!!  glad you're back :)
Denim! Would be cool to do a card table with the more fuzzy denim finish instead of felt
Very cool
4:21 Gloves near a spinning blade? :O :O :O The table looks absolutely incredible. Very clever design!!
Denim! Wow! It looks fabulous and is an incredible project and stunning table. What a talking piece that would be. :)
This is super cool that is the craziest looking table ever I wish I could do this kind of stuff but can't afford the equipment
Julian over at Baumgartner Restoration might be able to shed some light on vacuum machines.  Love watching you work.  How come you sand before routing if the router just takes off more material? Convention?
Denim. I love watching your table creations.
really like that piece. the white oak was the right choice i think. cool cool
Denim. Kudos to making a creation video even my girlfriend watched until the finale. She said " He needs to make twin slabs so he can cut chair bases." Wood for thought...
The top is amazeballs!!   That base throws it off though, subscribed to see what’s next😎
Is it possible, for your next cloth project, to use something other than denim? Canvas would be the most bold texture
Denim.  Or just in general, more damascus Micarta. You could do different colours (o:
Мудрил, мудрил, а по итогу сделал какую то херню. Зачем было возиться с тряпками столько времени, если можно было тупо в печати заказать любой, понравившийся рисунок, и залить его эпоксидкой на деревянном щите. Сама основа под столешницу тоже не вызывает никакого доверия. При наличии такого количества дорогостоящего и профессионального оборудования, мозги не приобрёл - бестолковый...
I say more denim❤
Denim. Wow I really liked the look of this table. The breast augmentation could have been a little more balanced, but natural looking is good too.
More denim.
sheriff of damascus, lol
Denim. looks great! It does look almost like a wood grain.
Denim or wood.  It's fun to watch you build things I pretend I'll make one day.  Thanks for the video!
Denim
Denim is a good look. To each their own though, I do prefer a high gloss on my tables but other than that it turned out great! The one thing I was hoping for was that the denim would keep its light color but I don't know how that would work with the other layers of wax/epoxy/3m protectant applied to it. Amazing work and yes I see the Damascus within the denim.
TL:DR look into how to *stabilize* cloth etc. with stabilizing epoxy, which is thinner, long-curing, and involves cycling the pressure if you can. Getting the epoxy into all the tiniest bits is different than just coating or dunking it too, and; though not hard; can take a long while.  I would think it's getting fuzzy when cut b/c the fibers are separating the epoxy into microscopic granules in much the same way some ice trays make a bunch of ice cubes connected by a thin sheet of ice on top. when you cut into it, any isolated and now-free epoxy bits fall away. This would also mean you're not infusing the cloth as thoroughly as you think you are.  I really have to suggest that you try making a pour mold again. make a 3-4" deep melamine box, then layer in your cloth, covering it generously in epoxy as you go, this will ensure that there's nowhere for the epoxy to go that's not IN the cloth, defeating it's want to drain out via gravity. once you've built your layers and made your pattern, make sure the whole block of cloth is covered in epoxy, just as if you were doing a regular, poured-epoxy table.  in order to ensure that the cloth is fully infused, down into the finest of fibers, there are a few things you can try. 1st is to use thinner to make the epoxy pour as close to water-thin as you can. thin epoxy, with slow hardener, should give gravity and atmospheric pressure all they need to get the job done: the drawback will be that it'll have to sit in a corner to cure for a few MONTHS. (some epoxy's, when poured in this manner, are weaker and even brittle, when cured, so building the project on a 1/2" lexan sheet; well coated in clear adhesive; to act as the underside of the tabletop should make it plenty strong/durable.)
I can’t afford to purchase it, but it’s a beautiful piece. 😮😊
What an epic table!!! I love it!!! ❤❤❤
Denim seems popular.  I like the wood stuff too, so maybe no denim soon also.
Denim, I would love to see more items in this theme.  I would like to see you do a tri color denim, using all three shades and see what happens there.
I liked your Ikea analogy. Spot on. Keep up the good work. Continued success!
The table looks great!      Denim.
Denim
Denim $17000 and shipping is not included 😂😂 17 fuckin grand and you can't throw in some free shipping 😂😂😂
I just bought a house, and will be building a new kitchen in a couple of years. That denim top would be an absolute perfect counter top!
Parts look like raindrop Damascus,  which is pretty cool
I stumbled across your channel after watching Johnny's video of him making the table out of paper. You have reignited a passion for woodworking that I haven't had since high school (I've been graduated for 9 years). Do you have any recommendations on some affordable starter tools to get back into woodworking?
Denim - I think you just scratched the iceberg of the denim (and other fabrics) possibilities ❗️ Subbed ❗️ How about leather (cowhide). Use your imagination 😁
I'd love to se see you try some other patterns, like twist or mosaics!
Denim! So glad you discovered vacuum bags.   With these fabric projects, you could probably achieve some really incredibly designs with the fabric if you used 3D printed models under the fabric. You could do mountain ranges or all sorts of things that show up in the fabric after finish.
Denim  I am not a woodworker. Therefore, I never watched this to learn “how to”. It’s always about entertainment for me.  😀
More denim projects!
Denim. You look like a villain when you look at the camera. Great work.
Denim
Keep it up! Use hemp fabric and see if you can make structural panels.
I wish I could subscribe twice
That's a pricey pair of pants 👖
what a nice bed he is making.☺☺
First, the table looks great: that satin finish and color choice for the platform make for a really lapel-grabbing piece. Second, I love it when any YouTuber calls out asshole commenters. Much like watching the N3 get applied, it's pretty satisfying.
Micarta.
Definitely denim. I'm not a woodworker but watch for entertainment.  I love the look of the damascus denim, but I feel yours is off just a hair, I like the smaller shapes and maybe you could lay them the length of the table next time instead of the width. You're also right about that guy always being chosen for dodgeball last.
what the fuck did he make now LOL
Do you think you got a good heat treat on your Damascus here? I’m concerned that Jay Neilson is going to savage your Damascus in the strength test. Also don’t know if you sharpened your edge enough. Will it KEELLL?
You should try making a fiberglass surfboard, I bet you could do something cool
Denim or No Denim, I like these creative projects!
It's somehow weird to me that a "vacuum bag" is really flat two sheets of plastic
Denim is made of cotton. As a natural fiber my guess is that the viscosity of the epoxy doesn't penetrate into the fiber in the same way as it does with wood fibers and that may be why you get the cotton/denim feel when you sand it down. Or I might be completely wrong and it has nothing to do with the fibers.
"They" say that you can´t put a prize on true art but 17 K?? 😵‍💫
Make kids and I'll sub.
N0w you've dun that your have to do it with different colour fabrics 😅
Love it!
Great build! I love really love the denim top.
Denim makes such an interesting building material! I’d love to see you experiment and do more with it :)
No denim. You made it look cool, but still not for me.
Denim
https://www.youtube.com/@mosevic_eyewear/videos this chap makes denim sunglasses
Denim all day! Looks rad!
That serial killer interview segment at the end should be standard on all videos lmao!
I love your attitude to internet trolls, yet I want to now join their side for one comment, as I recently purchased a hovercraft while eating a popsicle cleaning my hands with kleenix, and instead got a floating car, a sloppy icecream and some sandpaper. I could not successfully sue them as the fine print noted that the product name was spelled hoovercraft, popcycle and cleanex, and I had just mispronouced them.
This is y2k in the weirdest but best way possible!
Denim WOW you are totally amazing!  It is a rare occasion to find someone as talented as you but yet, still maintains humility and respect for all the rest of us!  Thank you for sharing your knowledge, skills, designs, tips and tricks, and even the OOPSES!!
Denim, table looks awesome
Denim! Incredible work! What would the next denim project be? An epoxy river table with denim? Too chaotic? Or not chaotic enough?
denim I would love to see more with it like the Damascus concept but with more different shades of denim
Amazing work keep it up. In my opinion I wish it had Damascus metal tied in as well. Now if I was one to go crazy I would do crazy mix of exotic wood, dry carbon, and Damascus metal.
Great comment telling the people who like to power trip on others by correcting them to shove it. We need more people like you who do that in the world.
Turned out great.
How to buy this machine
Love it.   💙 💙 💙
Is that $17,000 in Pesos?
Beautiful! 🏆
Black or grey jeans? Try a non-denim fabric? Tightly woven material might have a smoother look. A wider near-mesh weave could look pretty insane.
I love the sly f bomb
Denim more denim please
Well honest opinion.... I like the denim top that came out really great. Don't like the base... Well you asked.... I would have prefered  rounded corners from the underside as well and that the top would be a bit larger then the base. Anyway that's just my preferences :) Great job
Denim   looks great 👍
Damm this is pretty wild, but the pattern is just perfect! I hope you dont change a thing.
No denim. I love the roundover but i liked the corner edges before sanding.
more denam
2:48 absolutly loved the silent and settle hum of the wood tool as all the no goods elevated on screen. Thanks for your humor sir.
I bet it gets fuzzy because tiny fibers peel free from the epoxy as the top layers are scraped off, kind of like digging a water line out of the ground.
Base is just terrible... If you are already experimenting how about making a base with welded chains for something like this... It goes beyond woodworking but it is artistic and entertaining. Love the channel ❤
That is an absolutely gorgeous table
Denim - But also immediately hoped over to the comments hoping to find someone with an "actually, the proper term is..." for denim
NO Denim, although I think they are super cool I am not getting as much from them as I do from your wood tables as it is highly unlikely that I do this type of work
Denim❤ Great video! Looking forward to seeing some your future denim projects
You were right the base looks perfect with the denim top. Love the work you do. More denim please.
DENIM! Now you gotta do a Japanese Selvedge Denim.
No denim, shaking my head the whole way though, I hate that I liked it at the end. Well done.
I really love this one. It is actually my favourite table that you've ever made. The psychedelic look and the "imperfections" you mention add to the beauty in my eyes. Just a shame I'm poor lol
More denim. Raindrop pattern.
Denim, and the touch of the light and subtle oak is lovely! I would like to see what a similar frame made of a reddish tint wood would look like though, in my head at least I envision something great!
Those little dots really make it look like raindrop damascus!
Yeah most people my age see pretty stuff and assume the prettiest stuff is better lol, I make and fix my own stuff, I know it's made right that way
Denim. Pretty cool project. I think it turned out really well. I would like to see the same sort of table, except under about a 1/4 inch of epoxy on top.
I would love to see a denim table and chairs set build; that would make for some great watching.
Hey there Johnny sins as far as I’m concerned, you do no wrong. I personally like all the stuff you come out with. Even the stuff you think is crap. It’s the adventure I’m in for. Finding this channel inspired me to fix a simple wooden stepstool my dog ate I repaired it with epoxy. It looks better than when it was brand new so thank you for everything.
Denim.  I love your stand for mixing buckets.  Bout spit out my food lol
I'd love to see something like this table with a dark base!
Denim, 100%!
Denim. As a sewist, I love this. Would love to see more denim projects. I wonder how epoxy would look with other fabrics.
Denim  That's a very rare wooden table there, the tree  is called denimithius its only found in the parks in Levi and Lee and wrangler counties on the east coast. All the rest that is found are hybrid trees called denimwannabe which are strung throughout the U.S. and mainly China and Asia so you have to watch out for those fakes because some can be very convincing.
I enjoyed the denim sheet table but this puts that project to shame...  I appreciate the craftsmanship and precise assembly methods, even though I will likely never have such a shop in which to do such wood and material work (my photography gear consumes my budget lol).  This is really thinking outside of the box (and vacuum bag!) and the end result and finish turned out beautifully.   Did anyone ever provide an answer to why the surface returns to feeling soft/fuzzy after sanding?  Perhaps sanding breaks down the epoxy on a small scale and causes it to be removed from the fibers as they're sanded...?  Just thinking out loud but certainly curious...  Thanks for sharing the project and the humor!  :)
Denim...
How much shit have people given you that you want to explain all this to us?!  Some folk need a hobby....  A BETTER HOBBY.
Denim is flexible, epoxy is mostly brittle, when the epoxy is cut away some of the denim fibers tear out and remain attached, never worked with denim specifically, but other natural fiber composites work similarly
Score 1 for the troll warrior! 😂😂😂 That 1 comment made my day! And by the way, I like the term damascus denim. It's got a certain poetry about it. Lol
Another fantastic build, Cam. Really enjoyed watching this come together.
As a kinda interesting side if you called drywall sheet rock to me I would have been genuinely confused because that isn't a common name substitution where I live, And I do generally agree with your point I just found it interesting. But Yer everyone knows what you mean by Damascus people who point it out either just learnt it and want to seem smart or are too far up there own ass
and im having flashbacks on making airplane parts now. 😆
Denim.......crazy look.
Roundover.........too far.
DENIM.
Use different colors of leather and make a damascus table of it
Denim all the way. I want more jables
I really like the deniem and epoxy look even just straight deniem not Damascus is beautiful
Denim, I would ike to see you do more. I'm learning a lot. Have a projekt of my own a flowing bathroom top, i have not figured out the way to go with the organic shapes yet. Wood/fiber glass/denim. The only thing I'm certain of is the color
Next try make a Damascus wood table
As someone who has dabbled in composite materials - the denim-epoxy material is a composite - like carbon fiber. Those fibers don't move smoothly with the material and tend to behave differently with regards to cutting and sanding. They can flex out of the way and you just cut/pull away the epoxy but the fiber tips don't cut. They're flexible localize strong-points in the material, so you get those fibers sticking out just a little - making it fuzzy.
Denim.  Would love to see more.
cool table idea. i like doing things differently just for the sake of doing them. who knows, maybe this will be the newest trend, like those idiots who buy pants with holes in them already.  14:25 be careful cutting things that are wider than they are long on a table saw with the fence trapping the wood. that can lead to things getting pinched or caught and go flying. luckily you have a cross sled there to contain things and allow your hands a good place to grab, but the stop-block was the right idea and safer. this thin piece of wood is the most extreme case of "wider than it is long" (along the direction of the cut) but still sturdy enough that if it went flying, it'd be like a bat to the face. this can happen if your fence is tighter to the blade as you progress along the cut, causing a pinch and ultimately creating a missile.  not a big deal on this cut, but it's a dangerous habit with bigger pieces.
Denim! So cool and beautiful
What I think is happening with the table becoming soft after sanding, is that the epoxy is penetrating between the fibers, but not completely inside of them. They get partially ripped out of the epoxy and stick up as fuzzy little hairs.
Denim, Damascus or otherwise is damned beautiful. It’s like blue wood grain and you should probably run with that. Your technique with cutting out wood designs made me wonder what forest animal shapes with tree and branch shapes figured in would look like coming out with wood grain finish. A Flying Eagle, running Bear, a pack of wolves. Just saying. . .  The fuzzy areas on your vacuum process looks like the vacuum couldn’t reach those spots well enough so maybe in the future when forming those mostly round wood shapes leave them a little high rather than flat or concave.
Denim is a wonderful product to wear. You have taken it to a whole new level. You described a the few things in the end of the video that you weren't crazy about. I love them all. It's like looking at the patterns in clouds.  Great work. I look forward to seeing what you do next. Remember, Haters are just gonna hate.
ngl i was not all that interested until you started going off roasting ur own viewers, and now i love woodworking. ez sub
Denim!!!😊
Sooo, when are you building a denim river table?
Denim - Awesome table Cam...
Denim please!  It would make a great sewing room table!
Denim :)
Denim for sure. And random other fabric too. You might get a few more hits if you tag this with Micarta. Thats the more frequently heard term for layers of stuff infused with epoxy and built into slabs. I love the wood underlayment pieces to give it a pattern, and not just allowing the pattern to happen from the folds and layers themselves.  Awesome work on this one. Looking forward to more.
Ridden the damascu bull myself. Well said
I can’t get enough of this channel! Wish I had the time/skill/tools so I could have a go! The ideas for tables are limitless..
Does anyone else remember the commercials with the blue jean baby? Buddy Lee. Great stuff. Im all in on bluejeans.
Denim!  "...falls apart like a sand castle at high tide."  I'm definitely gonna' have to steal that.
denim :) can you tell me what the material cost you? i guess denim isn't that cheap :)
ITS awesome. Great Work. Cool ideas. More of it
Denim, this artistic quirk is well worth the extra experimentation.
that desperately needed gunmetal steel legs
Denim: do more!
really lovely work, I'm impressed. Would love to see more..
What made this video for me was the guy in the background at the industrial shop saying "what the f*** did you make now?"
Yeah there’s bigger guys out there I like what you do but you need more content and videos 😢
more denim!!!
DENIM - Really impressed with this table. When you layered the denim did you coat each layer with epoxy or pour it on the top and let it soak through. I ask because I was curious about how the thread inserts were so strong and stable. Great Job.
I would like to see more denim. "Just think about it"
Here's a comment, you can't tell ppl not to put negative comments by commenting negatively, just trying to help you not be a d...., love you sweetheart x
Denim! Loving the work Cam keep it up
Hi, I'm not a woodworker, so sorry if you already thought of this and it wouldn't work for some reason, but I had an idea for routing those really small bits, you could hot glue a larger piece of wood to the top of it and that might make it easier. Obviously you've already done those bits, but maybe in the future this could work
wait but like... don't all those correction andy's leave lots of comments which is good for you
hey man,  people in comments correcting inane things gives you more engagement. sure they're total tossers, but they are tossers that make your video see more eyeballs
Love to see more denim I think it’s a brilliant material
Denim . I wish you wouldn’t swear, I have always loved watching this with my litter girl and to hear the F bomb drop when I was not expecting that with my little girl sitting hear kinda made me mad. Hope you don’t do that anymore.
i can't believe he made scott edit all those products into the video....SCOTT DESERVES A RAISE!
Just so damn cool! I'm guessing the next progression will be corduroy?
It’s 17k
DENIM DENIM DENIM! Hey Cam can we get a denim project with red denim in the future?
Such a beautiful piece! I’ve been watching your videos for a little over a year now and every time it amazes me at how far you have come. Your tables always looks amazing Cam great work.
Denim. Love these projects, keep it up 💪
The cuts are getting fuzzy everything because in the end you are cutting fabric…just because you dip it with epoxy it is not becoming Glas-like.
Denim, surfboard
Denim and epoxy react to cutting the same as fiberglass surfboards exposing the fibers. Just thinking.
Denim. An awesome table. Yes please more denim.
Denim tables are actually referred to as Jables please be more careful in the future.
Denim, really cool. Do it again, finding the wierd designs is the fun...
this guy know what hes doing
I love the denim grain but I absolutely hate that box frame tablebase
DENIM!! i think it could be a cool look to wrap the legs in denim or if structurally sound enough - to make the legs out of denim too!
Denim or no denim, I don't care, but I like this denim table. 🙂
love it
Denim....for sure.  Would like to see if the wood revealed as well.....
It’s only Damascus if it is from the city of Damascus, this is a sparking blue jean
Denim. The tabletop looks awesome but the base is not my taste. Great work as always.
Sweet video! Quick question, did you consider possibly wood gluing a little handle onto the small round pieces so that you could use the router? If you did consider it and chose not to, why not? Im curious
Denim, I really enjoyed the project and would love to see more. Maybe color stained denim?
Denim!  Looks awesome!  Thanks for experimenting, and I look forward to your next project!
Denim. Denim for sure.
17k 😂
I think that the round over is way too big, en i would prefer at cut Korner 🤷🏼‍♂️
Denim is john cina 😅
Baumgartner restoration is a youtube channel and he does tons of vacuum sealing for fine art restoration. He has the process down really well plus his channel is really relaxing to watch since theres something about watching professionals work and he has good videographer skills. But you may want to check him out to see how he does it since his process may work really well for denim or cloth soaked epoxy projects.
"It'll be fine.. think about it".
19:34 and that's why they keep letting you do shit like put a slab of denim through a 100k planer!
love the psychedelic look
Definitely more denim but seeing as you are doing great with fabric lamination, why not try your hand at the worlds first carbon fiber table??
Its worth noting that you arent using denim. Denim is a trademarked name by the E.W. Jameson Company who invented the warped-faced cotton textile back in 1856. This is also complete bullshit.
It looks to me like you are going to be the Professional denim table guy so keep going i think there Awesome
Denim. Maybe try doing dyed denim like a cherry red next to a pale blonde
Its so weird you were so nervous. This is literally the most uncomplicated, lowest-tech thing you've ever done. Guaranteed effect. KISS principle on display. Looks awesome.
Love your work. Safety tip. Don’t wear gloves while routing. God forbid your finger touch the bit the glove would make for more of a mess.
Never thought a jamascus jable would look good but here we are
didn’t know how much i’d enjoy a sassy wood working video considering i don’t care or do woodworking yet i am throughly entertained
Denim, the idea sounded bizarre, but it actually started to make sense to me during the build. The result is amazing.
Beautiful. And yes, seeing more denim projects would be a welcome addition to the channel. You stepped up your woodworking game with this one 👍
DenimAscus is interesting.
A gross use of resources to get those sweet YT clicks
Very nice, I want one.  Maybe I will make my own
Denim. Keep at it. Solid showing for your efforts.
Super nice project! but 17k..... daaaaamn
Denim I felt so nervous during the planing. Kept thinking about going slightly too thin and a piece of wood showing through and how devastating that would be. glad that didn't happen
Yes Denim, I think it looks great. I also think that if you could pre plan your pattern layout to maybe look more like a wood grain that would be awesome. I also like how humble you are and informational.
I love how you spend the first 10 minutes roasting some random peoole
Hmmmm...now you need to make a denim workbench to go along with the denim theme of handymen and skilled tradesmen everywhere.  TOOLBOX KINGS UNITE!!!
do this same idea with Newspaper
Denim 😮 I'd love to see other fibers too. For the legs as well...  all shapes are possible now.  You've unlocked a new mode in the game!!   Looks awesome sir 👏 👍 👌
That turned out amazing. I like all your techniques. Great job
Denim or no denim, I don't care, I enjoy all of your content, jokes, and humility. Thanks.
Denim - and if anyone is struggling to read the list provided at the start of the video, youtube has some handy keyboard shortcuts that can help. Using comma or fullstops lets you skip forward frame by frame. No excuses ;)  :)
I wouldn't mind seeing more denim projects there neat.
To embrace the soft fuzziness, make a game table! As long as you incorporate an easy clean area for cups and snack it would be perfect for card games and tabletop games like d&d❤
Denim. I work with fabric and that the denim becomes fuzzy even after it is "saturated" doesn't surprise me. All fabric is made of strands  or threads and is woven together. Denim is classified by weight the heavier the weight the thicker the fibers. I think denim strands are also coated to make them Denim plus the dye, it sits on top of the denim. So when you are "saturating" the denim it is only the outer threads that are getting saturated, the inner threads are still untouched. Then with the sanding you get the fuzzies or the inner threads being exposed. This is not a professional observation, I wasn't surprised when you mentioned the fuzzy feeling it made total sense to me and I am just trying to work it out in my own head.
Denim. Moar denim.
Jeans.  More pockets and rivets!
denim - it's beautiful
Very enjoyable video.  Crazy!
Now I have a dream to build guitar body from this material. 💙
Fantastic craftsmanship and some great creative ideas. I agree that it turned out extremely psychedelic, which many people will absolutely love (and I think that applies to exactly the group of people who would want something crazy like a denim table in the first place). All in all, I have to say, it's not my style and I still think you should have used a dark wood for the legs and not have the top plate be flush with the base, but I can see, it is what makes this desk even more special and I'm sure many would love it exactly that way.
Denim that's gray scale going from black on bottom to white on top with more spaced out and different rounding wood blocks would make this look like an excellent heightmap!
Denim or any other type of material that you can think of.  Always fun to watch and enjoy the great works of art you create.
Denim  - Specifically  Recycled Denim - if you are wanting a patterned effect just using scraps/warn-out  clothes etc will be an interesting look - you could also do a core of plywood to reduce the "hidden" material but I have no idea if that would complicate things
Denim. I think it would look really cool with a CNC carved wooden form that way you avoid the flat tops of the router cut parts. then you could do patterns, words, topographical maps etc.
came for denim got lectured and told by him that he hopes these ppl in his comments have bad things happen to him and that he's passionate about it... damn dude u just out here threatening people for making comments. You must either live in California or Canada, denim snowflake.
Denim, How sturdy are those legs? If I were to make a similar base out of maple, when considering erasing on a paper or anything that's shaky, let your imagination go wild, would the desk be sturdy enough, only for erasing really... ?
Denim. Just that. Denim.
Without finishing the video, my first thought was that the wood parts, that did look like golf holes, might give a different contrast if they had a sharper incline. More A instead of bumpy. Idk, it would be interesting I think
denim, love the conscept of it and it looks great. The base of that desk was to minimal for my preferrence. I would have loved it more we larger legs. But that is the thing everyone has their own style.
Denim. What ratcheting open wrench are you using around 25:35?  You didn't list in the equipment list!
Great ....now that you pointed out the boobs. I can't stop looking for them
Looks kewl...!!
This is by no means too thick for VARTM process.  The setup process takes a little bit, and time to allow it to fully pull down to vacuum, but it is worth it with the quality of the product you get at the end.  You should allow it to fully pull down with no resin, then perform a leak check monitoring over at least 30 min to verify no leaks.  Then you can perform them resin transfer.
Denim feels fuzzy because you cannot 100% impregnate epoxy in between the microstrands that make up the twisted strands, which are woven together to form the denim.  You have epoxy between these twisted strands, but not necessarily inside of them.
Denim Try Vegan Please
Denim makes a great feature, but I can't help wondering how it would be with reversed roles: Denim base with your typical wood tabletop...or a denim frame around the tabletop (even if it's cut out, rather than assembled)... Or even just letting freeform or live edge wood islands show through the surface.
Denim or no denim, how 'bout corduroy or velvet
Denim.  You have inspired me and my partner so many times, but this takes the cake.  I have to make one of these.  beautiful. The color of the base contrasts and enhances the denim.  Just, wow.
excellent ‼️ astounding ingenuity looks REALLY GREAT  And for a first : you can be immensely thrilled  From a creativity point of view : it MUST be a WORLD  FIRST and looks breathtakingly stunning The damascus effect is totally captivating  Well done ‼️‼️  (and thank you kindly🥂💫)
I think it would be really entertaining to see Scott make a table in your shop without help.
Denim. And dont curse me, but i think a endgrain-denim/wood table made off mixed wood/denim blocks (like chopping board) would look totally amazing. 3 colours of Denim, 3 of wood, and a black steel base...
Denim
Ackshually your "damascus steel" marking knife is just pattern welded steel 🤓
This is actually pattern welded denim not damascus denim.......XD
What about a bunch of leaves or pine needles in resin? Like the ground in a forest in the fall.
Your comments @ 2:05 prove something about you, wana know what that is?
Denim With regards to my expectation vs. How much I liked this one, it is my favorite build, by far! Didn't expect much but actually loved the result!  I immediately thought of what it would look like with a pop of red/orange/ a Contrast at sheet 10, or maybe even a copper tone.. dunno I'm no designer but it was cool in my head!
Denim! The commentary from the person in the background at creative woodworking made me laugh so much. I think this looks ace though! Psychedelic for sure
Denimstratably the most unusual table ever.   This would be perfect in some Canadian villain's lair as (s)he sits behind it in a Canadian Tuxedo drinking maple syrup on the rocks.
You've turned jeans into a table, but when will you turn a table into jeans?
Denim. More.
Denim! Looks great, and I enjoy seeing the problem solving process on something new. Keep up the good work!
Bro is triggered af 😂
Moreee denimmm
I think if you would cut 6-8in off the edge it’d allow the pattern to fall off much like a Damascus pattern on a knife… or make the pattern larger and cut off edge excess. All day love the result and the innovation 🎉🎉
You're a Sculptor ! IMO An artist
Enjoyed this process and would recommend making more.
Could I please get that list in writing somewhere?  It's - erhh - for a friend, yes 😶‍🌫for a friend.
How long did you take making the list? haha.
Surely if doing more with denim you'd look at doing one in black and white denim damascus styled - alternating colours to create 'grain'. Paired with the right colour wood / metal for a baseframe it would look stunning :)
Have you ever heard of micarta? lol
Denim - I think it is an amazing effect👌👌
When you cut the edges it gets fuzzy again because of the blades teeth cutting through it which stretches the fabric when it cuts and breaks away the poxy and leaves the fibers or hairs still exposed.. aka the hairt
you can hear the guy yell... WTF did you make now??  Awsome!!!
Denim - fun project idea you’ve probably heard before, denim electric guitar or bass body with a solid maple neck. I’ve watched your slab table building a long time and love your authentic approach to exploring new ideas. I work at Corzic Music in Florida running a PLEK machine and doing custom setups to improve playability for students and pros. Boss is a trained Luthier. I’ve seen a lot of beautifully designed bodies and this “Damascus” denim look is on another level.
...Think about it...
Dude, you missed Clorox from your list.  LOL
He said nobody likes him and hos momma dressed him funny
Denim Lex Luther, Hahaha love the idea, would prefer a more natural looking pattern. Love your channel
i wont even ask the several questions i have im just gonna watch your video until i fall to sleep like allways
Absolutely gorgeous table Cam!
Denim! This would look incredible as top rails and blinds of a pool table. Might also consider using geometric shapes vs organic.
Denim I’m curious if you would do a subscriber work along. Allow a subscriber to come and do a short project with you.
Like I suspected I will never be able to afford one of your projects as much as I love them unless I get very lucky in the lottery
Man.. you are incredibly humble.. you most definitely are a master in my eyes .. you do absolutely incredible pieces.. ill be as good as you one day💪
Denim pants or denim jacket, what would you rather wear if you had to pick one?
im broke , best i can do is $3.50
This isn't Damascus, its Micarta.
Denim, you’re the man. When I gain more financial freedom I would love to join a similar journey to yours. Keep pursuing your visions brother!
19:35 - "WTF did he make now" 🤣
More Denim please, it's so interesting
Denim ... how about if you use a brass metal base for the table ... mimicking the whole denim jeans theme
I like the denim.  The problem with this table "strength wise" is the base, there's no triangulation.  It's going to shimmy.
isn't it a bit like calling an lemon a lime because its the same shape? all are free to think anything they want
at the end you mentioned the African continent shape, you should do a world map version
I subscribed the moment you said "There can be bliss in ignorance".
I like the denim, and both styles you've done. The planar can cut hard things like the epoxy well and precisely, the tiny fuzzy fibers of the denim have much lower impedance and don't cut cleanly.  That's my guess.  20:30
DENIM for sure! I’m an old wood worker. I appreciate your humor and humility. I’d like to see a smaller denim project. I don’t have access to a commercial planer but I do have an 18” planer. Also, could you make denim legs? I might give it a try. Keep em coming.
I don't care what you call apart from beautiful 👍
denim
Freaking amazing!
Denim. TOO PSYCHADELIC? No man, this is the best custom table i've seen, more.
Very cool table project!
Amazing
The mega spill of your first denim project was kind of entertaining the sound of the gluey shoe soles was quite impressive and sound library worthy, but I have to admit I tend to feel sorry if someone hurts him-/herself and it’s not necessarily my sort of entertainment and I prefer bloodless channels but appreciate when DIY-Folks admit their mistakes so that I can avoid them myself :-) over all I‘m pretty satisfied with your content mostly cause it shows that even without tons of expertise and talent it seems to be possible to survive with quite some nice standard of living. If one imagine the painstakingly afford it takes to level up to a standard of expertise like @ishitany furniture your kind of way seems achievable as kind of a plan-b. Denim is cool…
19:31
17k.... holy moly...
Incredible mind blowing great job
This is the best thing I've ever seen.
No Denim - the mix is fine. Appreciate watching a craftsman at work.
Denim - the mix is fine. Appreciate watching a craftsman at work.
that ending lol.  "Too much?"  Yes... too much
no denim. in my op this is not wood working.
Denim, even with the wonky boobie bit, still was killer.
It's a Cookie Monster over there!
Jay Leno would be so proud!
"What tha PHUK did he make now?!" ROFLMAO
I found your channel about 3 months ago, and I really wanted to do the Epoxy table thing, so I started watching you and trying to learn on what and how you do things and so far I think it's going great I've made 1 table so far and only lost 2 fingers an eye one left nut and got divorced twice  It's going great 😅  Seriously, tho I love your videos. I wish I had the 1/4 woodworking skill you have. Please keep up the great videos
I LOVED the anti gatekeeping message at the start of this video, bravo. Thank you as always for sharing your whole process, the finished product looks absolutely amazing, I'd really like to have that kind of finish on my office work surface to make my day a little brighter
The denim goes fuzzy because the the denim is flexable and the expoxy is now. For example, when you were a young lad and you put a bucket load of gel in your hair to impress the ladies at the disco. You would then load up the hair spray to make sure it wasn't going to budge throughout the evening. As a evening went on the gel would start to crack and break away from your hair and the exposed hair was soft and flexable again. Similar to the expoxy, you are just knocking off the expoxy from the denim strands and leaving those strands exposed.  How this helps, great video by the way! i think it would be great to see a mixture of different denim colours or maybe even different materials in the mix?  Cheers, Will.
Denim, great idea, your work are unique
You can add a layer of foil of copper or tinfoil
Beautiful design, the patterns on the table look similar to the blankets worn by the Basotho people in Lesotho, truely unique and brilliant
Always great videos! Denim
Denim. Loved it!
just fantastic...
2:00 LMAO THAT WAS OUT OF NO WHERE
Sorry but not worth the work looks like shit 😂😂
your obsession with those circumcision comments and wearing gloves an inch away from a spinning router bit is poetic
Next Denim Project Black and grey denim will be cool ... or 50 shades of grey denim
What if you had, say 2in. strips of denham and put them together. Maybe had some rolled up into odd shapes and then place longer strips between in a random fashion. Cause I like the table but I felt the same as you on some of the spots on the top of table, but the edges with the 7/8th round over is my favorite part of the whole tabe and if you could make it more like that everywhere would be bad ass! I'd probably end up not liking the edge then cause the grains would be vertical instead of horizontal. But, anyways hopefully you understand what I'm getting at.
Denim. I don’t think you give yourself enough credit. You’re a fuckin genius man! lol
The table looks great. But the corners are to much rounded over. Your buddy was right about that.
“No one likes you and you’ll never be invited to join the softball team.” 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I love it!!!
Denim, I enjoy seeing this denim table project because of it being unique and very cool. So if you wouldn’t mind doing a few more denim table projects mixed in with your wooden projects, that would be awesome.  Cam, I don’t know if you have seen these for router dust collection before, but you should take a look at the Betterley Stacc-Vac router base for a dust collection system. I would stack it against the Festool fatboy router for dust collection anyday. Since it is just the base you can mount any router that you want, which is a huge advantage over that monster top heavy Festool 2200. I would suggest ordering the router base with 2 dust deflectors which will allow you to use even your tallest edge profile bit and still be able to catch probably 98.5% of the router dust (my guess). I think that you would be impressed with this solution. And the best part is that Betterley Tools are made in the USA, actually in Minnesota.
The next time someone "um, actually..." you about Damascus, just tell them it's Damasc-esque
More denim, maybe some carbon fiber?
Bro surly make a carborundum fibre table
Denim -> I think the issue is that you probably didn't soak the fabric with enough epoxy so it kept getting fuzzy after drying. Might seem saturated but isn't truly
why did you change the thumbnail, dont wanna get hit with a missleading thumbnail report?
gloves lol
It's a micarta table
more denim
you killed it. nice job
Denim- LOVE it do more!!  What a lovely table.
Hi. Nice table and nice work of cource! I was so curious, that I had to chek whats the price of this nice table. And it is hmm.. I would say not for the poor people. In here Finland, if some one would do same kind of table and asks same price, everybody says crazy or something like that. Because we have hear a lot of poor and jealous people. Of cource rich people too, but not so much. I think here in Finland ok price for that kind of table would be something like 1000€, maybe 2000 or max 3000€, but no more. Seems like you have there much more respect for wood workers and not so much jealous people. And thats pretty good thing, I think! And at the end, respect for your nice work and have to say, this table is really nice and good looking one! Very good!
Denim! I honestly thought I wouldn't like it, but you did a pretty great job!  As you said, a few things to improve but serviously well done!!
Denim. Wow just wow thats spectacular is it true that Jay Leno bought this for his walk in dressing room?
Denim. It looks like a topographic map of a water world and is awesome
Next time screw a piece of wood to the top of the small bits so you can hold them safer.
an epoxy table that has pages from a book or newspaper sounds like a fun idea
Didn't someone already do a table from denim?
Double denim works here! Love it!!!
That's not plywood, it's pattern glued cellulose.
please correct me if m wrong but is it not dangerous to power sand in gloves?  I thought it was dangerous because if a thread gets caught it can pull your hand in to the sander.
Beautiful build. Love the ideas
turned out amazing lookin.. love the channel..
i hope to one day earn enough money to buy myself a table like that for my work desk
I watch this channel for the expensive toys first, nice tables second
The denim with a black finished table will look amazing.. But it's still beautiful.. Absolutely love the router!
Denim! A friend who used to sell tape for a living once explained to me that painters tape is designed to stick more permanently after 3 or so days.
Well done !!!   Now change Colors <3 RED+BLACK or GREEN+YELLOW or RGB <3   This will be INSANE <3
What an awesome concept, looks like you’re going to need to come up with a whole range of ‘Denim class’ drill bits and saw blades ect. 😉
Denim! Yes, it did give you that 70's feel. With the next one you could try for the more traditional steel Damascus like they do on Forged in Fire.
Denim..... 👏👏👏👏
agent 47 back with another banger
Комментарий в поддержку канала и ролика, а также труда мастера.
Denim... and that is all. :)
Denim
Love the top, but would like a bit more grayish base.... or more white wood. Less is more! 😀
First of all I really enjoy watching your videos. That for all of your positivity. I enjoy every aspect of your videos. At the same time I learn many tool techniques. Secondly I got so much respect for you by staying happy and positive after all the know it all and hateful comments you get.... Keep doing what you are doing and I will be a fan who enjoys your videos, craft and positivity.
Also I think at this rate, you should be considered an artist tbh
Been watching your videos for a while now, I’m from Nigeria. I feel like the base of the table is just too simple. The choice of wood is very ok but the form could have had some edge to it. Overall I really like the Damascus effect on the denim. That was a really good idea. Great work as always
It’s topographic thanks
Denim
No Denim, experiment with other things. Holy Crap, Cam!! That table is insane... and trippy. Fantastic visual storytelling. You're getting better and better. Did you take a course or something? .... Make.... I meant MAKE a course
More denim, please. I’d like to see. One with a darker base.
Denim, but I like just plain old jeans to the damascus look.
The Damascus table is beautiful. The layering of the light and dark denim was such a great idea and the way it looks on the table is amazing. The ideas you come up with are incredible. I see how much work the layered denim is, and as much as I love the look, it’s up to you as to whether you keep working with it. I also love the natural wood. I went to your website this evening, and was looking at your tables. The table that really stands out to me was the one with the sky blue epoxy. I love the idea of the natural wood and colours other than black. When the colour stands out against the natural wood, it look like it has a meaning in the piece, it’s very thought-provoking. In that particular piece, the blue sky or water feeding the trees and the earth. I love that blue! Your pieces tell a story. The one on the wall in your shop, the big one, it’s breath taking. I remember watching the video of you making that one. Amazing.   I love your vision, your skill and dedication to trying something new and making it beautiful. ♥️ 🤗 🇨🇦
Came out amazing. I think it would be even cooler for the next one if you used shades of denim that were much closer in color, just a few shades from one another. Either all very light or all very dark (or I guess middle of the road too). Love the interesting ideas you come with, and sharing your methods for executing.
Homemade Micarta
Denim, just happened across your channel and really enjoyed watching your process and the narrative was easy to follow and informative. Will watch your channel again.
damn to be 17k for a table rich would be niceee
Denim! Would also love to see a repurposed denim table build, sine afaik recycling old cotton is really hard if not impossible. Though I get that cutting up hundreds of old jeans to use for that would not be very time or money efficient, but the unique structure provided by that with all the wear and tear would make for an awesome top.
Denim. More please. I like it..
They can't wait to point out their so called intellect..everyone knows that smart asses never prosper..
At most it's a garage tool bench or to wax your surfboard. Not much else
Denimascus 😂
Denim!👍 I really really like the style of that table. It’s amazing how it both resembles Damascus and Wood at the same time. Thank you for being so entertaining.😅
❤    I feel like the legs of the table would look better if they were a black-ish metal, and a little more oranic/round Like perhaps this:  ___________ (_)      (_)  Or this:  ___________ (______)  Idk just thoughts
Denim
I think you made the right decision on the edge - something that cool needs a bold look.
no denim something other than walnut love the vids and the work you do, even if it doesnt pique my interests i still give them a watch just for the craftsmanship
People like to spend tons of effort to do something there is an alternative to do it faster and easier while it is not much of the difference. Since you Sealing With Epoxy, it does not make any difference if you just print that pattern. that table does not even cost 1700.
Denim, holy shit, the finish of it looks amazing
👍💙😎
Denim.   To answer the question, of why the sanded epoxy denim fells furry, maybe look at sample under a microscope.   I suspect it is small epoxy infused fibres that are standing up, like a the soft bristle of a quality hair brush or soft broom.
It's art
Denim.  So..... You didn't fold it at all. Wiggling it with wood doesn't count. Did I miss the welding altogether?
Denim. Love your vids Cam. You inspire me.
You should holler at Jay Leno I bet he would want a table made by you! Looks amazing!
🎉denom.  Benn watching your vids for a few months,ive learnt a lot, thanks for the inspiration to do it over here in aus.  Cheers.
After the first 2:45, I can now die happy. THANK YOU!
Denim. I loved that table. You look like lumber jack lex luther, my fiancee said.
Denim !!!!!!!!! OMG, forget any of those trols🧌or anyone who has negative comments or who correct you. This table was amazing!!!!!!! I love seeing the way you made the Damascus look.....keep the denim projects coming!!!!!!! I know it may not work, but......🪑💡DENIM CHAIR!!!!!!!!! Is that even possible, with leg shaped like the ones similar to your first denim table. But what ever you come up with it will be great.....and as for using tools or items in a different way as purposed, don't we all do that, I know I do, so you not alone. It means you think outside the box, and that's a good thing, it means your not boring or generic, you're unique, celebrate it🎉 can't wait to see what you do next.👌👍
Denim
Why stop at denim. We’re here for the journey!
Amazing project. MORE denim please!
Denim for the win !!! Super cool and looks amazing
Denim. Just call it Micarta so no one gets their feelings hurt. Pretty sure that offence will still be taken somewhere by someone, but it looks awesome, so who cares!
Denom .....this was really cool I seen your other one to be honest there both equally awesome.
Denim. You should get in contact with someone that does desk set up videos and have your table top pared with some awesome tech
I want to see a denim table with thin brass inlays that echo the stitching around pockets and seams
Denim / NoDenim - this turned out to be a really really cool table. As for the base, I really like the light wood and the simple structure  -  you may find it a bit boring, but it really caters to the Scandinavian minimalistic taste 😎
Amazing denim piece, just my opinion i think i would prefer that table base design as a work table compare to a dining table. Cus i think high chance i might accidentally kick the horizontal wood part thats in contact with the ground.😅
🎉❤😮😅
Cam! Slightly disappointed you didn't make a jig for the small rounded piece.  But I guess it worked freehanding it... so...  Irrelevant.  I just like to leave useless comments so you have to read more comments unnecessarily.
Denim gone killed him.
Got unsubbed for some reason.... Coolest desk I've ever seen. Really want one but i'm broke. So i guess I have to work more now...
this isnt a how-to channel, but it is fuel for the masculine urge to convert a garage into a workshop
Denim. I like the Damascus.
Denim tables looking badass I’m thinking you need to build a round denim table with a dark walnut base
Lmao 19:34 agreed sir, agreed. 😆
Very rad keep up the great videos they are super entertaining and helpful!
Love you work any thoughts on making phone cases with proxy and wood or any other materials
Denim!!! Soooo cool you made it look like the grooviest blue/black wood!! Yes I am a very old hippie! Or is it supposed to be hippy?! Is my Alzheimer’s showing🤣🤣?
Wow 🤩 Amazing 👏🏻
I'm in full support of the pettiness at the beginning 😂
Denim... awesome technique and so interesting. However, if you are asking me, I would either work on the randomness/organic quality of the shapes to make it feel more of the natural world (amoeba, wood grains, microscopic cells, ore veins), OR lean into more graphic or manufactured design look (think Frank Stella, James Turrell, Tara Donovan).
2:39 You spelled Yo-Yo wrong 🤣🤣😂🤣
Yes - More denim.  Really enjoy all the builds!!
Denim. This table is beautiful and fascinating on every front. Truly a piece that would be the focal point and inspiration for the room it’s in!
Denim, how heavy is it ?
Denim
more denim proj , pls
denim, and i think a repeating pattern could look very cool with these materials
Denim! More please!
17 grand for this master piece
denim!!!!! would love to see a table with much bigger wood pieces (waves)
Yooo- I don’t usually comment before watching your video, all the way through. But- Yooo O.O
Make a set of coffee tables out of old denim jeans
These denim tables have come out incredible.
Cam tâmpițel,  mi se pare...
I don't care if you hate my comment, but please don't wear gloves when near spinning tools.
that top is so cool. would be great as a coffee table. maybe a round one??
Denim only if it reveals one of the many ideas you had when you first started the progect!
beautiful
@20:30 as far as the table being fuzzy, i would wager its one (or both) of two things. either youre not getting a full saturation in the fabric. otherwise the individual fibers wouldnt be loose enough to be fuzzy. taka an off cut and look at it under a microscope to be sure. OR... its similar to fiber glass. when you break it you see indivifual fibers even with a proper layup. deffinately go with the vacumme infusion rout. its not any more difficult than what youre doing now and it will save you an entire day of wetting out the denim. Edit: this isnt new really, if you look at knife scales that are made in a similar fasion, the courser material (like demin or canvas) all have a bit of texture to them if they arent treated and coated. its popular for better grip.
No denim for me.  A few less commercials from YouTube would be great. I think I sat through a dozen of them to watch this video.
So no one is going to point out that matthew mcconaughey left Hollywood to become a YouTuber? Dude interstellar was great! But I guess wood stuff is cool too 🤷🏾‍♂️
No denim. But I'm not your boss.
$17,000.00? I hope you find that sucker. It’s beautiful and u thought “maybe 7/9k.” Your black walnut desk are less than this thing.
Nice work, friend👍
The 7/8 rounded edge looks great!
Bro drops some homer Simpson wisdom at 02:30
Denim
Denim yes, but I don't like the look of this table in particular.  I love the idea of it, and the look of the previous denim build, this one just had too much going on for me. Maybe if the contrast wasn't so dramatic with the light dark light dark.
Nice hat! Go Beavs!
wtf did he make now ! lmao
Denim - nice 👍
I like it better with the sharp edges. Other than that, beautiful work and enjoyed watching this video!
Denim, when I go shooting I always call the mag a clip very loudly. Because they love it. 😂😂😂😂😂 I've recently found that calling a wheel, the rim gets a similar reaction. So I use that whenever possible.
When you take time out of your video to get angry about the comments on your previous videos, it just comes off as unprofessional.
Denim - no denim - either way! This is so cool!  What a neat concept - never would have thought of it.  I think I would prefer the lighter contrast of the mid and light colors rather than the dark and light, but that's just personal preference.  The finish on this is stunning!
yeah, too big roundness
so this is what agent 47 does in between missions
No Denim. Not sure if making these tables is worth the effort OTHER THAN the sole purpose of making a YouTube video out of it. Basically, the content IS THE PRODUCT.  You could easily print this pattern on vinyl, apply it to MDF, epoxy it and be done in a fraction of the time, and have the exact same results. Mean Girls meme: "Stop trying to make denim tables happen, it's not going to happen"
Denim.  It looks absolutely amazing!
the table is fuzzy because it is made of fuzz. Just like the wood can still splinter (though not as easily) the jeans can still be fuzzy (just not easily).  I would make a little test surface with one of those offcuts to see how cool the fuzzy finish holds up. My instincts tell me that fuzzy table wouldn't be cool- but the coolest stuff is often counter-intuitive.  This table is cool though. Since a failed fuzzy table could just be turned into one of these- maybe you make a fuzzy table- then use it at the shop for a couple of years to "wear it in"- then you can polish it up and sell it for more- just like worn jeans can cost more.
Brilliant! Might need to buy one in the near future 🎉
Denim. I think you made the right choice with the roundover. It is showing off the concept of the table by exposing the layers. I was kind of surprised that you would go for such a psychedelic look. I'm not a particular fan of the blue denim specifically, but I'd love to see more experiments with other layered materials like this.
Too much round over for me, i think the 5/8 looked the best
Denim! Gorgeous result, luv it!
“Nobody like you…” lmmmaooooo… that’s hilarious. I love it. 💪😂😂
Don’t you do this once before? Or something with denim at least?
Denim. I dig it.
😂😂😂 1:34 - 2:11
Denim!
You look like my high school calculus teacher.
Really like the pattern, It would be interesting to see you do a similar table with grey denim.
Denim but agree with a smidge too strong on the psychedelic vibe
@BlacktailStudio  I love your content but please stop shaming those who want to ban genital mutilation of infant boys and girls.  Excising healthy living tissue from a weeks-old newborn without medical necessity or indication is cruel.  Clitoris, foreskin, nipple, finger, ear, or toe, it's impossible to defend.  Those who cut pieces from a healthy infants genitalia are blind to their own immorality and seemingly incapable of thinking logically and without bias... or they're intentionally cruel. The orthodox jews take this to the next level when rabbi's (often without medical training) perform the foreskin excision followed by 'oral suction' which often leads to fatal infections be it an STI or general infection.  If a doctor removes your ear without a valid medical reason, it is MUTILATION.
🎉🎉🎉❤❤wow❤❤🎉🎉🎉
If you wish bad things happen to people for being annoying, you are an awful person.
Denim. Amazing work. Love your videos.
Denim. Might already be commented or what you’re thinking for your next one, but I’d say yes to less trippy and to make the next one more like wood grain. The way to do this would seem to be to have much more gradual slopes on your forms and way less forms. I think it would be much more visually pleasing if all of the forms were going vertically and there were less lines around each form exposed. I think this would mean a form that might be as tall, but would be much wider and have a really gradual slope.
boy you are really negative today are you doing okay
Denim, I agree with Scott on the round over but it came out wonderful regardless! I also wouldn't change a thing about the inlays because though they were placed intentionally there is something natural about the pattern and I think that's the whole idea behind damascus
Why not try laminated wood, some pure resin layers ,  damascus ?
Denim no one else is doing it so it'd be nice to see her progression getting changes after each time
Denim, Wood... at this point, you've got the Midas touch. Love to sit back and watch you work .(My grandfather who passed used to be a carpenter) It's great to see a master at his craft.
Denim:  Well this table looks great.  Now imagine this same concept but for a computer table that can raise and lower.  That would be amazing !
Denim - hmmmmm perhaps using layers of different coloured denim might add a new twist ..........................
I'm the kind of guy that wears one cut and color of denim for a decade, too... but it's also just the one pair. Every day.
impressive list had to stop numerous times to read it
Denim - great work!
2:09 lol
$17,000 table…. I’d say that’s properly priced considering how much this guys time is worth and how long it took. I can’t afford it but that’s the point it’s an 1 of 1
Denim ALL THE WAYYY!!!
That looks awesome! 🤘🏽
I saw a jet ski part made out of a dickies flannel shirt and epoxy so I'm cool with the denim Johnny S.
Denim. I love it man. Keep it up. Big fan of your channel.
BeautifuI table.  I think that it would have looked better with a black base.
This design is epic.  Beautiful too.
No denim. Would love more frequent videos though!
Denim, definitely!
This is definitely up there with my favorite builds you've done! I just have to say that I would wear a respirator around the epoxy, especially while sanding. The dust collection might not get everything. That resin dust *will* kill your lungs, if not give you lung cancer.
Denim for me but please better legs.  As I don't think that tables legs, go with the amazing work you put in to the great table.
I wish the base would be Damascus Denim as well and not wood. Still looks good. ♥
“My wife’s checked bag to Europe” 😂
Denim Feather or ladder patern Damascus slab bookmark cut on black or dark grey base
Denim. I used to make pens out of that by wrapping the denim around the tubes and epoxying them. Used to use the legs of my worn out jeans.   What you did is very similar to micarta.
Denim
I love it. Gorgeous!
I've vacuumed sealed alot of illegal things in my younger days I loved it
Not a woodworker but love wooden furniture.  I come to be impressed by your attention to details but mostly your hilariously dry sense of humor.  I agree about those not invited to be on the softball team.  They are NF and annoy everyone.
I like the table. You might want to consider bleaching the denim white then consider dyeing other colors. Gold, amber, and dark red would look great.
No denim. Your craftsmanship is amazing, but wood is more so than fabric.
You pay attention to the comments way to much lol
More denim and Wow it looks great I didn’t see it until you planed it… I had a basic idea but didn’t expect it to look the way it did. I think you could really make some incredible patterns in it too.
Denim Dan! Nice desk dude I’m now envisioning doing this with my old cammies when I’m done with the Marines, the digital cammo might make it look even more psychedelic. I’ve also thought about embedding lil momento items like sand from Iwo Jima and spend casings in clear epoxy. Thanks for the inspiration! Keep up the good work dude!
Is he Johnny sins? I didn't know he also did wood work
Im Guessing that you are breaking the denim out of the Epoxy by using the plainer, basically lifting the soft part on top of the epoxy.
I love your "fan of the week" segments at the end of your videos. I often will watch your entire video without looking away or doing anything else just to see who the fan of the week is in this video. However, I might also just really enjoy your content.
Denim. Love these projects.
Denim. Use green denim so it looks like malachite.
Denim.  Looks really cool. I get so many ideas from your videos.  Keep it up!
Idk if im just weird but i actually like it when people tell me that im wrong and actually correct me because i actually enjoy learning these things.
Denim. I love it! Can't wait to see more!
Denim  I'm sure someone has already said this, but I'd love to see you try this again with different heights for the oblong forms underneath, and placed rather closer together. Looks cool as hell though, well done
Dehnimascus jable
What us the invisible oil  called?
wonderful Jable ™️  Cam! Can't wait to edge to your next video till I Just in my Jants!
Denim, really interesting. I wonder how it would work to buy a bunch of random fabric and roll it up with epoxy and turn it on a lathe.
Denim
Denim comes in many colors. Maybe tan or black could look pretty cool too and might look less "psychedelic". Also, kumiko + damascus denim could be a pretty sick combo.
@2:40 very dissapointed you missed tannoy off the list.
Denim!!! And how about multicolor denim other than blue?
Denim  Very cool, not too psychedelic!   Would love to see more!
I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you’re referring to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux. Linux is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another free component of a fully functioning GNU system made useful by the GNU corelibs, shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX. Many computer users run a modified version of the GNU system every day, without realizing it. Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of GNU which is widely used today is often called “Linux”, and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the GNU system, developed by the GNU Project. There really is a Linux, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use. Linux is the kernel: the program in the system that allocates the machine’s resources to the other programs that you run. The kernel is an essential part of an operating system, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete operating system. Linux is normally used in combination with the GNU operating system: the whole system is basically GNU with Linux added, or GNU/Linux. All the so-called “Linux” distributions are really distributions of GNU/Linux.
Denim Hell Yeah!!
That table looks AMAZING, holy COW!!
Denim “Damascus” looks a lot like fordite.
He’s so sassy I love it
Just a tip from a guy that does pattern welded steel, very your hight  of your blocks for more contrast.
Damn I’ve never watched you before but I like denim and epoxy so I’m in. Nice finish.
Idea. Do this again, but make it a scaled topographical map of a particular area!
Denim. Loving the learning process you're going through
Denim. More denim. This table looks sick. I would like to see what else you could do with light and medium wash.
One of the great human accomplishments is the ability to make anything and everything in a denim or damascus style.
So as a guitar builder and a wood worker your denim tables have got the gears turning in my head! Sooo if you ever have any scraps around the size of a guitar let me know!
Hoover
Denim
i believe the actual term for the material you have made would be micarta, although "damascus denim" would be a suitable term, ive seen the same sort of thing made in much smaller quantities being referred to as Micarta
Denim Best guess on fuzzy feeling surface, is that many of the denim fibers were not completely saturated with epoxy.  Surface encapsulation would release the fibers upon sanding as the shell of epoxy flakes off.   Another possibility would be that very thin epoxy filaments around individual denim threads are just very flexible.  The way to test this theory would be to take one of your edge off cuts and put it under a microscope.
Denim perhaps make one using patterned carbon fiber. Sort of a space age relic sort of look, like you made a table from some kind of spaceship parts. Twill weave carbon conforms to complicated shapes.  You can put other material in for visual intrest. Imagine making one with shredded safety vests as an accent layer. Maybe use leather too? Also spread fiber optic cables inside it, make sure the fiber optics come out the bottom (like into a box inside one of the larger bumps. Then you can put LEDs inside and have random bits light up. Or embed a big fiber otpic cable sort of like the river tables. No reason to not use wood in the composite part either...
Denim, I consider you more of an artist than a woodworker. At the same time, you’re becoming a pretty good woodworker! 😂
small bits + Router table + Gloves = stress levels through the roof.... Ive always been told, no gloves with fast rotating power tools, they get sucked in and pull your hand into the tool
Some denim. - It's only Damascus if it comes from the scuzzy part of some dame's house. Otherwise it's just sprinkled-in trousers.
The plainer doesn't cut all the denim fibres so you're left with the fluffy table.
Demin
When the employee showed up and said "What the fuck did you make now?", lol...that comment alone would have made me feel so proud of my little projects. Good job dude. Love it.
Denim please
Denim Could you do a bunch of narrow strips and set them up on edge?  When the vacuum bag compresses it would probably create a really cool pattern......  I wonder if that would make the Sheriff of Damascus happy?
DENIM DENIM DENIM DENIM DENIM DENIM DENIM
Denim. Yes more, please
2:00 Things like this are why I watch you.
That callout section to the hecklers in comment section was amazing. Bravo as usual king
I would have like the dark and a medium color of denim rather than that light one.
Denimascus
17k for this table crazy
That is the ugliest creation I’ve ever seen.  What were you thinking dude?
this is sooo cute 😭i would love a table like this some day
Not sure why I was unsubscribed😢
what a random person might ask you: "do you have denim pants?" possible answer from this dude: "yes, but I also have a nice denim table."
I enjoyed the video. And as much as I like color, this was a bit too psychodelic for me. Plus having only 2 colors made it a bit stark. This is something I'd love to see in a museum before moving on to the next piece after a few minutes. Despite my criticisms, I think you did a great job. As for a personal table, I'd go with more earthy tones with maybe 3 colors, but same damascus look. Just my take.
Man I love it when you start with the cutting comments 😂😂😂😂😂 yeah Peel ply. Watching Swedish couple use it in the construction of their 50’ sailboat. Interesting process.
Denim! It's absolutely gorgeous! I spin wool and make yarn. Sometimes I weave with it or even knit with it. Now I want a table with a handspun, hand-knit top! hahaha
YOUR FIBRE FRAYING QUESTION EXPLAINED AND IDEAS! The epoxy has a high viscosity.  When you are  making a vacuum chamber for a project like this, you are essentially compressing the project.  Having the project in a vacuum is the same as putting the project into a sealed room at high pressure.  Because the inside is a vacuum, the ambient pressure outside is pushing the epoxy into the denim.  You don't have enough external pressure / enough internal vacuum to drive the epoxy completely into the denim fibres.  With this, you will have unglued fibres, and when you sand them down, they fray.   If you want to have deeper penertation of your epoxy, you can consider the following options, each one a bit more elaborate than the previous:   -Have a stronger vacuum -Make your denim VERY dry before assembling which will allow the epoxy to wick into it more effectively -Have a less viscous epoxy so it seeps into the fibres more effectively. - Compression by water column - Have a higher pressure environment for your project while you are vacuuming it.  To do this, you would need a tall water chamber and you would need to prevent the project from floating up.  Vacuum the project, and when you have reached about the max vacuum you can reach, add water. 33" of water is equal to 1 pound per square inch.  It's not a lot, you would probably want at least 6' of water to make any difference, but it would help, and it would be a crazy project to watch!  - Compression by submersion - Tie it to a big rock and chuck it in a deep lake.  Drag it up a week or 2 later - This would be so entertaining, especially if it worked!  What a fun story for a product origin!  The deeper the water, the higher the compression.  You just have to bear in mind the curing temperature of the epoxy and the water temperature. - Hydraulic Press - Press your project with external mechanical force.  Maybe a local hydraulic pressing channel collab.  Vacuum your project, have it in a tray, put a material on top of it which would not leak past the seal and would conform to the project shape.  This could be sand, sawdust, or another material that would corm to the shape of the project.  You could test this on a  2' x 2' or 3' x 3'  project to see if it works, and if it does, you could probably find someone with a press that could do the job of a bigger project.  This would also be very cool to watch. - Pressure Chamber - You could get a chamber built that was the size you wanted (4'6 x 8'6 if you want to do full plywood sheet sizes), and make it air tight.  Vacuum your project, and then hook a compressor up to the air space and compress it.  This would likely be the easiest way to do extreme vacuuming/pressing without needing to have expensive hydraulic equipment.  Have something that can support even just 80-100psi and it will put on a huge squeeze on your project.  That would be cool wicked cool too.
I made blue Jean knife handles when I was starting to make knives. It was kinda cool but surprisingly expensive when you use a good epoxy. I switched to stabilized wood
The Jable
What if you made a container that held the epoxy and had holes on one side so that when you tilt the container, dozens of small streams pour out evenly over the material. Then you could brush it on with the roller/paintbrush. 9:00 mark for reference  Let me know if you find this useful!
More denim...
Minim
Ahhhhhhhh your a f@#&1n mad man and i love it keep it up
Denim and omg i love it amazing table.
Youre epoxy is hard and sands nice. Denim is soft and will flex. Making it fluff up  Try this with kevlar fiber..     its way worse and ruins youre planer and day..
looks awesome man
Kind of like when people say "Uhhh... Excuse me, that's not a Kleenex, that's a tissue" or same thing with Q-Tip! Lol.
not a big fan of the denim myself but it is an interesting and different idea also interesting to watch
Love it‼️👍🏻💯💯💯
me encanto la meza de se ve increíble y si comparte mas de esteos proyectos por favor y gracias
Have you considered Butcher's Bowling Alley Wax?
So happy you tried this! pretty sure on the last denim table I mentioned how it looked like Damascus!  I've made thousands of billets of rando pattern and this is really close to spot on! Looks like a good cross between Damascus and Micarta :D
The pattern is so beautiful!❤ it would be cool to see if you even replicate a wood grain using denim!❤
YAA YEP,,, QUEUE
omg your vise is amazing
Insane
Awww poor baby got his little feelings hurt because he got corrected awwww boohoo
Denim, Do a table that Chuck Norris would be proud of, DOUBLE Denim!!! top and bottom.
I love the unapologetic shutdown on the haters and grammar dorks, beautiful way to stand up for yourself. That said; it's pronounced "Tur-bine" not "Tur-bin" a Turban is cloth headwear whereas a Turbine is machinery. Table turned out great btw. :)
Wow! Amazing! It could also looks amazing, if wood can be shown with amazing pattern. Instead of the "blue lakes" 😍 Love all your work, learnt so much from your videos, thanks so much. 😊
Denim - I absolutely love the way the denim top looks. So amazing. However, truly the legs leave a lot to be desired. I think a chrome metal or brass metal for the base would have been better, like a pair of blue jean grommets. This is the first time I  have ever criticized your work. But the top is amazing, the legs not so much. So sorry I had to say that. But they look animic and spindly. Please don't hate me for my opinion. I truly love all of your work and this top is one of the reason's why. You are such a perfectionist and you are always willing to try new things. That is why your work comes out amazing. After all the work you put into the top, I think you whimped out on the legs. Love you though!
Denim please…
Denim. Woodworking is in your genes....or jeans is in your woodworking...wood in your jeans?
Denim!  Fantastic table, but you’re right, a bit crazy on the visuals.  You have an amazing channel and can’t wait to see the next one.  You are truly talented!
Denim, great job! Table looks fab.
iT'S LIKE A DENIM CROISSANT!
Denim! I am most definitely entertained! Also I think I learned some things as well!  In the world of composites, soaking/injecting the layers of fiber (carbon fiber, fiberglass, or whatever composite material you are using, denim in this case) in a thermoset matrix (generally polymer, epoxy in this case) and then laying it up on the mould, is called prepeg (or dry layup sometimes). It is much cleaner than putting the layers together first and then soaking it in the resin; this is often referred to as wet layup. Terms are often used interchangeably, and I'm not sure of them exactly either. This just what I remember from class and the short job I had at one point.  You have effectively made a composite table, as opposed to plastic, wood, or metal. We live in the future man. Possibilities are endless! 😂👍
Denim! This thing turned out beautifully.🎉
You earned your like for calling out gatekeepers
Its micarta....
DENIM!!!!   Please make more denim tables!  What a great table
the denim table is really different, love the outcome.
Thanks for calling out the dorks that think they are the smartest person in the room. It had to be done.
This would be very very cool to do with topographic maps as the underlay, you would get realy strange patterns
Great looking table. To my taste, the frame looks a little lightweight. But all your products are good to look at.
Denim
Denime! It Looks Amazing
Def Getting Agent 47 Vibes at the end there but Denim!
Denim. Interesting, but would not buy it. Your wood projects are far more desirable & beautiful 8:08
I'm not an native english speeker and I'm watiching your videos for a while now about a year or so. And everytime you'd say that you sprayed the form for the table with mould release I wondered why it would be moulding I knew mould happens in damp environments but this video was the first one where I got that it's for the other kind of mould. I found that mildly ammusing.
No Denim - Hey, this left a bad taste in my mouth. I like your content but I don't like shitting on your viewers who engage with your content.  Words matter, and sometimes people are genuinely trying to help make their favorite creator aware. Yes, you're right too, the terms are interchangeable but sometimes they do actually matter and usually in very specific cases. Dare I suggest the comment may not even be for you but for other viewers who might not know the difference and would be interested? Yeah, people can be shitty but when someone is trying to be helpful - Its not an attack on your character, its someone whos really passionate about something who wants to share that with the world. Please try to take this as criticism as intending to be kind and constructive and just one viewers perspective.
This isn't the first
Um ACTUALLY, humanity lost the recipe for REAL Damascus denim THOUSANDS of years ago. This is just PATTERN-WELDED cotton. Come back when you know how to make REAL WOOTZ PANTS. 🤓
denim - super cool., and not too psychedelic for my taste.  The highlight for me is the list of 'things not to have to criticise' at the start. That WAS psychedelic. I haven't quite mastered the pause button so you got quite a few extra views out of me for that cool trick. But seriously, love your work. Nice one.
Not enough heats in the forge, look at all those inclusions *tut tut tut*
denim!! it is beautiful!!
Keeping the base simple was a very good choice, but I wonder how it would pair with some brass elements. You know, like the studs on your jeans
My only suggestion is to make a denim chair for that table!
Weird how this guy randomly turns into biggest egoistical piece of shit mid video, then keeps going on Not the first time i see him go on a psychotic ego rant in mid of one of those, it not a joke if he keeps doing it
It's not Damascus Denim, it's just Sparkling Multicolored Cotton Blend.
$17,000?! You're drunk.
I dunno if you've ever seen Copper+steel Damascus but watching this video made me wonder what it would look like if you did denim with a few thin wood layers and if it would have a similar look.
Denim. Cam you’re big dog mate, looks banging. I never saw anything like this. Next level. I love how psychedelic it looks
Denim. throw in some soft metals like copper wire
Love the Denim
Denim for sure, love your humor got me and my wide laughing pretty good.
denim this is so good, it's almost like therapy. Also you got to do something with that denim dust. How about a sitting furniture like a piano stool.
Denim. The table looks incredible, keep up the good work!
Theres a company called Bravestar Denim and they offer a denim that came from the old White Oak Cone Mill in North Carolina so using white oak feels like an appropriate choice
Theres another random odd looking figure on it that I saw.... Resembles a set of balls and a rod of some sort 😅
You forgot the stupid spell check police. I have vision problems and often misspell because I hit the wrong key.
I would say 'denim' but I also want to to branch out and experiment with other stuff more as well.
Denim for sure! I would love seeing a custom denim head and footboard bed
Denim. Droopy denim damascus table might look really cool too
When you saw the epoxy-denim mixture you are breaking the brittle epoxy away more easily wile denim is flexible so some gets hit to the side rather than broken off.  The denim and epoxy are still different materials, even if they are combined this well. Just an assumption, though, I took some material science courses in college.
Denim looked good and it's a material that is frequently discarded. Maybe try something made from rescued scrap. Maybe dyed with contrasting phosphorescent pigments.
17K  wow..ok why not ?... good Luck
Denim chairs. no other material, only denim.
denim. so good!
Denim, these tables are so interesting to see be built!
Denim, 17000 $ I don’t have but wish I did
You should change the channel’s name to “BlackTailor Studio”, 😅
more denim demascus specifically,  like an armchair or a rocking chair out of denim would be cool
I honestly love the part where the small circle wood bits were the most! I'd love to see another iteration where you only use that size to form the Damascus, or maybe try a hexagon pattern, get a Damascus beehive going!
love the fans comment😂😂😂
Denim. Gotta say, this is one of my top 10 denim and epoxy YouTube channels. Maybe even top 5.
Denim. I think the table looks fabulous!
Also i love the Mold release spray but to get a better guard from spills use Calking in the joints first then use the Mold spray after. just another tip Thanks from Barron wood works
more
Come on.. you know how to do this trick Blue Tape with Ca Glue will hold it down as a temp bond! Then use the hand Router! <3 ya from Barron Wood Works  Keep up the good work Amigo!
As a painter, I've tried getting my canvases smooth by priming & sanding, priming & sanding, but it never really gets any smoother, even though the primer fully soaks into the fabric. Without a microscope there's no way to tell what's really going on, but my belief is that there's a kind of 'bloating' which occurs when fabric soaks up liquid, then the fibers will naturally 'remember' their original shape which creates microscopic air gaps during the drying process. As the fabric is sanded, it exposes the tiny holes where the once-expanded fibers tried to stick out from the surface. These new holes will allow the fabric to absorb more liquid in the next pass, the bloating occurs again & the process repeats itself.
The table top looks incredible. But that white oak base is terrible.
Denim: That Damascus Denim table is awesome...  Yep..  Damascus Damascus Damascus...  Black stonewash Denim next???
17k for the table… sooo a table for rich people lol
You and I almost never agree on table basses😂 but it’s good to have different tastes that’s what makes art like this fun
Denim
another usa citizen obsessed with plastic
Denim
Denon. I don't think I heard you say "fuck" until this video! I'm from Eugene and have been watching your videos for a couple years now. Solid work my guy!
Respect for the result and the efforts ! Well done 👍🏻
Denim! I too have dabbled in the micarta world a bit, but mine was strictly knife handles. I really liked getting into colors, using different colors of fabric. I made a green and yellow micarta handle for duck fan friend.
i love your jokes they always make me laugh. also your jokes are one of the few things that may me laugh.  also i like the denim tables, but i think it would be cool someday to make a table out of old jeans somehow, knowing you the first will be pretty bad, and the second will be less so and then 3rd on will be magnificent
17 k to slap some denim together is crazy
I don't think you know how damascus works... This is not it...
It looks absolutely amazing. I dont care if its Damascus or not, its awesome!
Denim
Absolutely amazing. How about classify your channel as Educational Entertainment. A table like this with a base of whiskey barrel staves would look fantastic too.
For a future idea, maybe use that "denim dust" for a table.. it looked petty nice when you had it coming off router and onto the floor, maybe recreate that or other wood shavings or remnants in a clear coating for an experiment ?
Crazy idea Cam! Came out looking really interesting! Keep the whacky ideas coming!
Denim, was really cool do watch, different and yet very similar. Great job as always in both craftsmanship as well as video editing! Very entertaining indeed.
No denim, but I really appreciate that you try new things.  Making my first epoxy table was my first big project after making a cedar strip canoe finished with fiberglass and epoxy.  Your willingness to try new things continues to stretch my willingness to do the same and try new things.  And yes, you have become a quite skilled woodworker.  To me the measurement of a skilled woodworker is the willingness to figure out whatever challenge you encounter.  You never disappoint with you efforts!
Ok hear me out here... Epoxy wood damascus  1 layer of wood  1 layer of epoxy  Maybe even in some leds in each epoxy layer
Denim table looks great hats off
Denim
Denim I wish I could afford that table. Looks really good.
Cam - denim / no denim...  Doesn't make any difference. Whatever you make is done fantastically and a real work of art.  Moreover, your commentary is spot on.  Just, please, keep'm coming.
Denim. Big fan , absolute quality pal
Hi Cam from France, I very aprecciate your videos, just one thing about the table structure, for me it look likes it is a bit too thin, too weak particulary on the feet in front of the table.
I love it. The Damascus look is amazing. I’m more into your epoxy-wood tables, but this is something I’ve never seen before as a table, just glasses.
Denim: love it... Ive always enjoyed your videos for your skill and entertainment.  This may be my favorite.  Well done.
you are the single largest denim damascus table innovator on youtube
Denim tables, what else!
Denimascus table with mostly low-contrast similar looking layers and just one really bright and contrasting one would look really cool. Also, having an overarching pattern instead of purely random splotches would be neat, even though it won't be perfectly even.
The purists and the people that have the right to contradict you know that you are wrong, just the way you think. You only have creativity bust you must educate yourself. A creative people without education is equally stupid as the most ignorant jerks that they live in their own world and think if they have a YouTube channel and other idiots give them right, they are majority.You can’t tell to smart people that they are minority and they don’t have right,if they correct you. If you were a smart person, you should also learn from advices. Damascus is not everything you lay in layers. I won’t tell to go f*** yourself, but very close
What is instead of doing those rounded shapes for the Damascus look, you did the squares. Kind of more of a geometric Damascus type. Look of different heights but still I think it looks amazing. If only if it was red and black.😂
No denim.  Just not my thing, but I appreciate how much work you put in to it and how good it did end up looking.
No doubt the table could stop a bullet
Denim! 😍
Denim! With the blue is was initially thinking cookie monster rather than breast augmentation. 😁
Denim this looks great definitely would want to look at it if you was tripping balls lol but outstanding
Denim, it came out gorgeous! Looks like a watered silk!  At some points I thought I could see spooky faces in the pattern, and realised you could probably try to replicate that deliberately all over! also tie-dye is very popular at the moment for some reason, maybe fans of that would be into this table too. I wonder what slightly tinting the epoxy would do, especially if you can put pools of different colours of epoxy between the wooden shape things.  I just love it, its a fascinating experiment that came out gorgeous, and just makes me want to see more experimenting!
Very cool, good facsimile of Damascus/pattern welded steel
Would this be considered micarta? not trying to be a dick just wondering
Denim- there are more colors and fabrics  to try out too, I think you should keep going. Look at all the knife handles and pistol grips out there. This table turned out great though. Way beyond my skill
I dont think the nature can never ever decompose what you put in it , please find another job or hobby
definately denim but sack the cheap base
Denim- what an ingenious solution to make a Damascus type pattern with denim. Some of my knife scales are made of layered material, but since the surfaces don’t have to be flat like a table, it’s easy to get patterns. Great job!
17 grand lol
Denim I do alot of this denim for knife handles etc. It really makes a nice durable product. Think it has some great potential. Even more than sunglass frames.  I really enjoy seeing what you do. Look forward to more.  PS. That Damascus comment is on every single knife video on YT. It's a running joke now with some channels. Some people just can't help themselves. Keep up the fantastic content.
i invite all of you to ISLAM, THE WORSHIPPING OF ONE TRUE GOD ALLAH ALONE.
Denim for sure. I wouldn't have it in my house but, I do think it looks incredible and you do fantastic work
I think a better name for it is Bird's eye denim, it looks like Bird's eye maple
Denim for sure
Denim top looks amazing, but I think you went WAY too bland with the base. Light color distracts from the top and the rigid structure doesn't 'flow' very well with the rounded top.
Always love your videos. And the comments are crazy I know. believe me. Calling them out is okay. Wishing bad things would happen to them is a little childish for someone of your intellectual calibre. :) Good day!
Denim for sure
Looks like pine with a blue stain. Beautiful
I'm going to make a denim table now and claim the title.
How about a denim pool table next you can use the fuzzy side that you were talking about for the top
Denim, you could dye it different colours ahead of the next table , think about it.
That final take really adds to the whole Villain era feel of this video… 😂
In my personal preference, I think a dark base may have worked better.  Other than that, this is utterly amazing!
What fun!  In jewelry we have a process of melting many layers of different metals together in much the same way, right down to the "bumps that create the textures. In the jewelry context, this process has a japanese name: mokume gane  (mock-ooo-may gone- ay)
Denim!!
I'd like an all breast augmentation table!! 😂
Denim, I mean micarta!  So I guess you are actually making micarta in reality.  Micarta is a composite formed from layers of a substrate (cloth, paper, and carbon fiber, to name a few) compressed and set in resin.   If you left it raw and fuzzy, it will patina over time, just look at micarta knife handles that will age and patina as the oils and dirt add to the look.  Great job sir... 👍🤠
That table turned out way cooler than I thought denim could, thanks for not including spoilers!  Working with denim like this is interesting, I'll bet throwing in some carbon fiber plies with the denim in part of a project might turn out some nice contrast and patterns
this one looks 10000 times better than the first one. Keep the progress up! I love watching your videos!
i love theese videos its really satifying to see some just make something
Demin
Denim :-) I can't believe how stunning this table is, you did amazing!!
This reminds me more of topography patterns/ topographic maps than damascus because of how you used elevation differences to create the pattern, so the pattern has those concentric enclosed shapes from the 'peaks' and 'valleys'. *(idc if you call it damascus lol, that's just what it reminded me of) Not sure how to go about it, but if you were to cut the wood shapes in reference to actual topography you could make a denim topographic map of a specific city or area which would be pretty cool.
I clicked on the website thinking 100$ then i seen 17,000$ like wtf lmao you really tryna scam folk 🤣
how does the price come to 17,000 tho?
Denim, I honestly would have loved this as a work desk for my office.
He called the lever a lever
Denim is cotton, why not try something more colorful by using cotton balls or I’m sure you could buy huge clumps of it, add dyes to it, use multiple colors and make something out of that? You should be able to sand it like denim. Maybe try a small batch for proof of concept and content.
Denim
Denim! Btw my dads nickname os Denim Dave. 😊
Denim, you know what that rhymes with? Venom. When routering those small rounds, could have glued a stick to the flat XD
That first epoxy pour after sanding made it look like jacquard! Gorgeous.
Isn't this just micarta?
denim
micarta is a well known material for knife handles, i made it my self before like a lot of knife makers do. and i would never ever cut up a awesome table like that, but the first thing i thought was ...... i wonder how manny knife scales could i get out of that table :) i would love to see more micarta projects (y)
Just call it Micarta, or Resin Infused Fiber to avoid trademark issues.
At one angle it looks like a squished tiki totem pole..yes psychedelic..but tiki pole.. I really like the design and idea..i just see theability to make purposeful shapes.. geometric maybe..and not just denim..but colored fleece..in planned patterns...and layered colors....❤❤❤❤❤❤
I think to achive more plausible damascus effect you have to not stretch the cloth, but make it look crumpled and then compressed, it will kinda replicate the processes that take place in damascus forging
I guess on some layers, it's like a cheaper carbon fibre since its base makeup is latticed fabric and since carbon fibre resin reinforced material is one of the strongest material out there and is used in Motorsport, it's a no wonder why it feels like a hardwood...
Denim - definitely more please! Fascinating as always... The world's your oyster as regards fabrics - perhaps not velvet tho, or pure silk. I know from my own experience that once you glue silk down it seems to become lifeless... Great stuff tho...
Haha loved the "What the fuck did you make now?!"
No denim. This piece reminds me of a swirly top dog turd. It’s fancy, but it’s still a dog turd. You make such amazing WOOD and epoxy tables then you zip up your foreskin with this….Sad.
Denim. i think you've outdone yourself with this one, love it. Without a doubt one of your top 2 denim table tops
I’m sure you’ve had this question before and probably have said it in one of your videos but I must have just missed it.  How much do you plane off in a single pass with the planer?
Denim! But how dare you insult the Psychedelic look, those are the best parts! Perhaps you could try a geometric pattern underneath? like Triangles, Hexagons, squares, circles etc?
That’s not Damascus
denim-ascus.
Denim more denim please. Sorry I can't help more I'm already subscribed.
getting the earplugs with the cord attaching them is clutch
Unsure about denim. I'm a little on the fence I do love a damascus look but way you have to create it with the little wood blocks definately give an interesting look even if not for me. It does look a little more like the kids first attempt at tie die then damascus. it might look cooler to create a table or desk that has a flow painting built into. I'm not sure exactly how you would do it correctly so that it would look great but just an interesting idea of something I've never seen before.
Trusting video but there is no proof that this is the world's first Damascus denim table
Denim !!  I love that, I’d absolutely make it if I had the time, dedication, and tools for the job.
Denim denim denim
Maybe all three denim cloths would be awesome.. try that next. Subscribed to your channel, greetings from South Africa 😊
Denim! it looks so trippy, I love it. At first I thought about a similar pattern on smaller objects, like a coffee table or even a wooden box. But after thinking about it I'm guessing it would be difficult, even impossible to make all those layers fit over smaller grooves. maybe using another, thinner material?
Denim!! Try making your logo on a denim table next using the wood as a template! ❤🎉
Im PTFE you are adhesive 😅😂
LOL @ Sheriff of Damascus. You just won the internet for the day.
Just checked the price of the table! And honestly me myself i make this about a year working a normal job so its not for people like me but the more wealthy people i stil think you should charge a lot more for it its so beautiful and well made 😊
This looks cool, but I liked the other denim table better, personally.
I was watching it with my seven year old son, he loves to build things in my shop. We were watching it up until the “F” bomb dropped. As a Christian it’s getting harder and harder to find entertainment. I fast forward to the end and it is an awesome looking table.
Looks good
nobody likes imperial.. but there is still a bunch of patriots using it because MURRICAAA
Denim! When you said Damascus denim I was like "how on earth is he going to fold epoxy like that" but the little form you made was genius and worked so well!!! You could probably make it look like a heat map if you used colored fabric, that would be interesting for sure even if it's not really your style. But trying different kinds of fabric would be cool too. I've been setting up my craft room and having a work table made out of quilting cotton or something would be so fun!
DENIM
Denim - This piece looks absolutely amazing !!!
Recycled fabric? I can see using many layers of old crap trowsers and shorts to obtain a mixed color pattern ( like a fordite)
Damascus steel doesn’t have to be different types of steel, it just has to be multi layer forged…
Denim!! That looks really cool but I think it would look better if you gradient the denim from light to dark while building the layers, might be a good concept!!
It's not Damascus, dummie.
I never thought I would see a micarta table!
Denim. I wanna see you build a Denim bookcase.
Bruuuuh finally!!! I never comment but im happy you dropped
To do small pieces use a hand router. Take a piece of wood drive a few small nails through so they just poke out the other side. Then hammer your small pieces of wood onto the points and router. No issues with fingers. Or pieces flying off.
Technically, what you have here isn’t actually denim. Denim originally came from Nîmes, France, and was called “Serge de Nîmes”, from which the term “denim” originates. You’re welcome.
I have seen one other Damascus denim table on YouTube.
A couple years ago I bought a high quality knife with a canvas micarta handle and I really love it. What about a table with different types and grades of canvas?
Looks grear😊
Pretty Ugly not gonna lie, lol. but still great talent!
Interestingly enough the knifemaking community uses similar materials, the name brand is "Micarta", and the homebrew versions are basically exactly what you've done here, a natural fiber-based fabric (or paper) and stabilizing resin compressed and saturated. It's a preferred material for knife handles for some people specifically because the outer layer stays "fuzzy" if un-finished, it helps maintain grip when being used in damp/sweaty conditions. There are some absolutely crazy patterns that people have come up with, one of my favorites was always a high contrast twist, which almost looks like wood grain at the end. The paper versions can get absolutely insane with people using cri-cuts to add custom inclusions (like what you did with the wood deformation mold pieces), embedding finely shredded "confetti" style paper and other nutty methods. It's all really neat and opens a crazy level of customization, but as you mentioned in the video you're probably one of the first to have taken it to such an extreme as doing whole tables. Can't wait to see what you come up with next!
20:38 could make for an excellent card table if left fuzzy like that.   most likely much more durable than the felt they usually use anyway.
As you mentioned that after the sanding, the top still fells fuzzy and soft. Maybe you could do a pool table, or a poker table for a future project.
denim for sure
Really cool effect, hope to see what different combinations of shades, or even black, white, etc colored denim layers produce
17 grand, holy hell.  Who pays this much and why?  Like, dont get me wrong, awesome piece but god damn
Denim, I like it, looks very cool!
For 17.000$ it will be yours
"Nobody likes you." Oh, you speak the words we all want to say!!!!! <3
Denim…
denim can look cool it appears, two big laughs was Ikea Screws and the questioning fan at the shop :;D
I mean, this is really a masterpiece.
Denim!
It looks like cheap plastic table from supermarket, with psychedelic sticker on the top. The best part is wooden base. You got that right.
Denim, I absolutely love that table.
hey man this is really good i was looking for a table with a world map and also a bit uqnic from it as my Workstation table/desk   simple requirement : - Epoxy  - a bit of logic broad look with some Plug outlet's   - and must    - Sit & Stand   clean and simple looking <  >
IKEA furniture is just a complete waste of time and money.  Had a chest of drawers in my sons room, lasted about 4 days . Weak, cheap, and in my opinion dangerous for children as they collapse if you fart too close.
Denim. Great piece. Can't wait to see more. Maybe try different fabrics. Paisley perhaps! About your plywood forms: Don't just quarter-round the edges but instead sand the thickness to a taper from the edge to the center of each form. This will make your planed off "topo" lines variable like a "topo map". I think this would increase the look of it being more organic rather than engineered.
I always thought it was called "micarta". I see knife scales made from a similar technique using coloured fabric or carbon fiber cloth on bladesmithing videos. Way to go!
Denim, absolutely!  Denim is a substantial material, and the base really isn't. Not sure if i like that contrast, or if its annoying. The top is awesome, and I'm contemplating doing some work like that on smaller tables.
Denim definitely expands and contracts. Why else would my jeans fit worse after the holiday seasons?
Love the table. But what does Damascus mean?    Is it the inlay.m?  You probably mentioned it & I missed it. Thanks Cam  for always showing your process. Susie
Denim. Like the concept, and like you don't care for the pattern. I hope you make a more uniformed patterned one.
Denim for sure. It's hard to even give creative feedback because your projects are so unique and badass. ❤
how about a symmetric river denim damascus table that resembles the shape of a natural wooden one? or make the symmetrical shape a bit more geometric according to the pi rule???
I love the table top but I think black ash base would look better with the denim
Recommend more denim, but do like raindrop Damascus.
Denim  I love how you Out-Trolled the trolls!   Your narration style is reminiscent of This Old Tony, high praise indeed!
Lovely pattern welded jable! :D
Denim, but maybe other materials as well.  Knife scales are sometimes made from a material called micarta (sp?) which much like you are doing here.  Might be more inspiration for ya.
Denim. Cam this is really great looking. BTW - are you still building a larger shop?
Denim for me - looks cool  Unfortunately you’re totally wrong about denim not changing size over time. If that were true I wouldn’t have to buy a bigger size every time I get a new pair of jeans 😂
denim
1/29/2024 (6,281 comments at this time) Wait? Whadd? this isn't the wordy, poetry, Softball entrainment channel? I love the art. I'll be in right field.
$17000 😂
19:35 😂
For the small pieces you rounded the corners on,  couldn't you use two-sided tape and stick them to a larger piece just for the corner round over?
Next time, bespoke denim topographic map table?
Denim. It is a very cool idea, even though the finished product is not my cup of tee. I loved your first denim table, I personally found it gorgeous with the bras and leader details. And of course, I liked the dark, heavy look. I am looking forward to seeing your next denim creation.
Those type of people always got picked last on the team 🤣🤙🏽
You asked yourself if you could make a Denim Damascus Table. You never asked yourself if you SHOULD make a Denim Damascus Table.
Dimem
Denim: I like it...
Denim, nice work. One question how long with video taping, editing, and building did this take to produce? Actual table time vs production time to youtube?
Denim wood combination?
Denim! I enjoy these denim videos so far. You have created a really neat look.
Yes Denim ...I really like the look of the top. I think the base is a little too basic. Although what is my opinion really worth lol.
It’s to high end. Try used Levi’s all pressed in a jumble with pockets showing and zippers and rivets
17K Are you mad?
Denim - I really enjoy watching your videos and hearing your comments. Both of the denim projects you've done so far have turned out beautifully. I like how you like to try new methods and materials. Keep those videos coming. Very entertaining, informative, and inspirational.
More more more denim!
17.000 dollars is wild
thanks for the list of things to correct people on
Love the denim
This is essentially G10
You left Hoover out the list. And possibly denim - true denim is French, serge de Nimes, as is corduroy. Yes I have very few friends.
More denim…. Great work.  Really enjoy how you do what you do.
Denim in dark walnut… Let’s go!
That was a nail biter on the router table. Maybe just screw the smaller pieces on a scrap stick so your hands don’t get too close.
Dang all that talk about correcting you over the proper use of the word "damascus" only to actually be making denim micarta. It's cool though I hate softball anyway.
Even doe is not a how too Chanel, I use every inch in my body to learn the much I can.  Every time I see your videos,  i
Beautiful and more denim or less your channel is still great.
Denim or no denim. I dont care. Its gonna be cool either way.
#Denim - Love watching and learning!
Blacktail, do you know what kind of pants Mario wears?
That "nobody likes you and we all hope bad things happen to you" got me off guard... That was funny
Denim, wow, totally awesome 😎 can’t wait to see the next one 😊
Folding the metal is about redistributing inconsistencies more evenly in an attempt to remove concentrated weak points is what I was told. Makes sense to me, but I'm just some dude.
Denim! I love this. I do wonder how it would work with other fabrics. Like corduroy for example. Especially alternating colours of corduroy.
Denim is extremely cool way better than epoxy
nice cut fabric table
Denim!
Denim micarta more so than Damascus but it's still very awesome! I use all kinds of micarta as well as Damascus in my Bladesmithing profession and I've never thought about a micarta table top before. Very cool idea and you pulled it off perfectly!
Denim! As a alternative to use less wood for a beautiful product and a solution for reusing denim 👍🏽
brother, this is insane, what a look
Denim! I would like to see what else you can come up with.
DENIM.. I agree with you, it looks too…psychedelic… I think your plywood pieces should have ALL been much smaller. It would have required you to use many more but the pattern would have been smaller to the size of the table… JMO…
too big rounding
You’re not really “saturating” the denim. Epoxy it’s only filling the empty spaces in the woven fabric. The actual cotton fibers probably are not penetrated.
Yes..more of denim projects
Damascus Jable
The table top looks fantastic. In my honest opinion, the legs need an upgrade
Denim yes all the denims. Actually just keep doing what you enjoy. I love the look i have a laminated gunstock and i have always loved the look
Damascus... denim... because micarta... because pattern welded... someone with power really needs to convince the knife community to stop calling pattern welded (or, now, anything layered i guess 🤷‍♂️) "Damascus" 🤦‍♂️  like "what's for dinner?" "Damascus pasta." "you mean lasagne?" "it's Damascus pasta now."
Denim. I love the look of the denim tables you've done so far but this one is the best. In future builds you could possibly try beige and black layers of denim for contrast like bladesmiths use wrought iron and titanium to liven up the pattern. Think about it.
Denim, definitely denim./ blue wood❤
Demin please it looks like one of those funky trippy swirl paintings but looks so damm good
Nice, it doesn't matter denim or wood if you are doing what you love, because that is what you irradiate to the rest of the world.
The people that correct you on damascus probably have never been into a workshop in their life.
Denim
Denim. Great job, looks very cool. This could be a new trend.
*_Demim quick question,  what is the best finish to put on a softer wood table ? I am building several tables from local wood that is a bit softer. I would like to find a good hard finish to give the table a longer life. I was cautioned that acrylic would cause the wood to dry and split. Im fairly new to wood working and I would really appreciate some suggestions._*
Denim! Cookie monster! Needs rivets
Denim!
Denim for days! The table looks awesome 👌
Denim. Why do I feel the “botched boob job” was intentional?? 🤣
Denim tables would be fantastic in a clothing store or a meeting room.
Denim - not something that I would put in my house, but maybe my taste is just too boring 😅 anyway that table looks insane and I love the “grain” on the edges
7/8’s looks great
You can make a denim table, sure. But can you make wooden jeans?
I have 2 more things that I’ll slap you across the face for if you correct anyone on it: Mig and bobcat, most people write mig instead of MiG and most people say bobcat instead of skitsteer. Please stop nitpicking on sh1t like that
Denim!  This would look amazing with a brass base. Same shape, but shiny’n’gold.
cool
Denim.  This is probably the most innovative thing I have seen in a while. I'd love to get a chance to work with you on a project. I have zero experience in woodworking, or furniture building, but you make me want to start.
Denim, i'll watch anything you make. thx for the content.
Absolutely magnificent work.
That's why many people buy Ikea, it's disposable and doesn't NEED to be moved from one apartment to the next.
I like how Zamboni made your list.  Is there really any other name?
Denem: love your work, keep it coming. Great individual projects, one of a kind
Could you put a screw in the round ones and use something to hold and turn the screw.
The fuzziness is probably either because the denim absorbs the epoxy slowly an initial saturation isn’t the “24hr” saturation or whatever.   Or when sanding, no matter the amount of saturation, fibres are prised out of the composite matrix and hence becomes fuzzy after sanding
Umm, Dennumm. No, not the yoghurt, the jeans material silly.😂  Having watched every video you uploaded, I think this table is my favourite combo using wood and jeans.  I know you're not a fan of the wonkey breasts or African looking continent of those patches, but hey, you made a tabletop out of jeans and some resin. Brilliant 👏   You're my best of the best 😁🇬🇧⚒️🇺🇦
Time for a Levis sponsorship
Need more of such denim works
Denim ... on the next one maybe some different coloured denim ?
I'm with Scott here; I think I would have preferred slightly less curve on the edge.  Also think that it would have looked less psycadelic if you'd gone with maybe only 5-6 of the shapes where a couple of them were huge, maybe 1 medium and 2-3 smaller ones.  But this is all nitpicking; it turned out great.
Denim! This looked amazing!
Also could be called denim micarta, but that isn’t as cool sounding 😂
Denim.  This looks amazing.  I used to build furniture professionally (bars, restaurants, high end interiors) out here in Philly. I never felt like i had time to experiment with materials and processes.  I am very jealous of your ability to experiment and possibly even innovate.  Thanks for doing such a great job.
DENIM! Hi Cam, when wetting the denim, what about creating a sort of dunk tank (e.g. like a galvanized tub people used to do laundry in) vs rolling it on.  Might do a better job getting the resin all the way into the denim (but might also introduce more bubbles).  This one came out great!
The process, techniques and supplies are way more interesting (to me) than the finished product.  I see potential with different materials and reliefs that could end way more pleasing.
I wonder if actually jeans would look interesting. Being able to see the seams and pockets?
Denim but what about other textiles?
17k is crazy
That price for the table is a stab in the chest but I want it so bad
That table looks something like 80s-90s Psychedelic Album Cover   at the end you looked like a combination of the Proto-humanoids from Alien and Mark Strong
Whoa whoa whoa… Did Cam just say the F*** in a video? I can’t stand for this, my poor virgin ears can’t take this abuse 😂😂 Also, Denim. This table came out looking awesome 👍🏼
The first time I saw that I found it very interesting and thay lead me to do some research and learning. I would have never learned thay if someone dident make a correction comment on the internet.
DENIM - This table looks awesome, definitely a great follow-up to the first denim project you released. Looking forward to more, good luck! :)
Denim but I like all of your work.  So throw in some randomness!
Denim!  Great job
19:34 , 19:37 Work getting the right appreciation ❤❤
I admit, I was underwhelmed with the last denim table, but this one is as beautiful as it is impressive! 😳🤩
"Actually Mr. Backtail Studio, it's pattern welded denim" 🤓😅🤣
Cool video and the list was just fantastic
Is it just me or it would've looked much better with dark wood or dark stained wood frame/legs?
Love the top.  Very unique.  Not digging the base.  I understand wanting to make it understated, but personally I think a dramatic top deserves a dramatic base.
Denim! Definitely denim! Your more typical woodworking content is amazing, but I also really wnjoy watching you branch out!
For me. Round over to big and it should have had an over hang and round over on the underside.
Denim. I agree that it's a little too psychedelic. I was going to say that it's really cool looking, but I wouldn't want it in my house, if that makes any sense. lol
Denim damascus with tan denim instead of the blue?! (If that even exists to buy in big sheets?) I think would look more like "wood damascus" idk just a thought if you decide to do it in the future but it looks amazing! <3
Denim. I think its look fantastic, not my style, but still looking fantastic
Damascus is forged. Not layed with glue. It’s a form of metal work, not the work of tailors 😂
You've become quite an artist, you see flaws on what we consider is a masterpiece! Excited to see more denim furniture on your channel :)
Hey Cam its not really demascus since that con only be achived by forging. This is more of a woodgrain effect
Denim and fantastic…Keep pushing boundaries, my friend.
Denim.  Or, corduroy, 😅.
Looks amazing, I wonder what it would look like with other fabrics, like corduroy, or tan or black denim.
Denim. Black denim.
Denim! But I have to say I liked more the other denim table than this, I mean the pattern is really cook but the big spots where's a transition betwen layers don't look really great.
2:45 😂😂😂😂 youa re so funny... Even your explanation that Damascus steel is two or more types of metal is not correct... 😎 What types of metal used the blacksmiths from Damasc? 😎 And something more - even a 1000 years the people to name something wrong this will not make the wrong terminology to become the CORRECT terminology. 😎😎😉😁 And if you hate me - it is your own problem. 😎
Denim - need to see one in black and white
Denim. Have a dislike for being an a hole about using correct terms. I'm fairly certain it was a joke but in the same way as using the wrong terms is confusing and unclear so was your little rant / joke?! So f you Cam. Lets hope the table comes out nice or else your my next unsub from youtube. 😂
Dont call it damascus that made it gay as fuck.
Are you mad! Your work is amazing high end stuff! I love watching your imaginative builds! Although, the legs for that beautiful table are so understated, It borders on very bland...... Although, perfectly made! 🙂
Denim.. when I saw the thumbnail i though "what a stupid idea!" but this turned out very nice..
I can not wait for furniture to go back to being made out of wood.     The people who like this seem to also like mid-20th century furniture.   Fair enough .    Then they will hop on the next trend and still not build anything with grace and beauty.
Denim. Really like the look of this, it wants to draw the eye and the hand to experience it. Nice work.
Butcher knife is my trigger word, most people mean Chef's knife!
This guys pretty entertaining. Thanks Youtube Alg.
denim - Love the denim table top...but the base is a little boring
Denim Just a cool project.
Denim, and leather. Do something coyboyish.
Denim, it looks awesome and is unique. Now you need to move into other mediums for the tops. Great job!
17k???? Wow. That prove is crazy. The table is stunning though. But I couldn’t justify that price even if I was a. Millionaire
Denim, definitely. This one is a little busy but still cool.
....denimaskus...... just a suggestion for a name...
The term Damascus is just a blanket term. It doesn't really matter tbh. But what does matter is how cool this looks! Great idea using those bits under the denim. Worked so well! Great build!
My thoughts on the fuzzy top is like shaving with a blunt razor or gardening using busted old lawn mower. The denim is cotton which is thin long fibers with good tensile strength, flexible and resistance to shear forces, whilst the epoxy cures as a homogeneous crystalline type structure which is brittle to shear forces. So when the planer blade is sheering off layers the denim fibers but bend and deflect under the blade while epoxy shears off cleanly, so denim is slightly crushed and the infused epoxy crumbles out while fibers sitting proud of the planed epoxy surface.
Denim Love the desk im Just too poor to buy one😂
When you dog on someone for trying to correctly explain what a mis used term is you just come across as a d!ck yourself.  You might understand the technical use of the term that doesn't mean everyone else does.
That was very nice table, But you could make a better stand for it
3:15 NOT a 1/4" round over bit.  Yes, I'm one of those guys.
Do your wooden epoxy tables move with varying moisture content in the air?
Denim forever
where have you bought the denim? (my english is terrible sorry)
Denim. I think it turned out great! Your explanations of what certain areas looked like were spot on! 😂  Love the guys reaction from CW. 😂  ‘WTF you making now!?’ 😂
$17,000?
You might want to remove gloves when dealing with pieces that small, cause the tool can grab to that glove and give you a lifelong unwanted gift
Whelp, i think yer a little too hard on your self in reguards to how it finished pattern wise. It came out as it should in my opinion. How you fine tuned that larger spots was artistic. Nice job.
Denim! I do have to say, it is a very peculiar look. Maybe it would look great on an avant garde or futuristic looking setting (I have no idea what I'm saying btw).   That said, I always wanted to get started on some manual work like woodworking. Without going full ham on something I may suck at or without investing the GDP of Argentina, what would you say is a nice starting project to get my feet wet with?
Couldnt you just screw the small pieces of wood onto a block and have a better grip to round them over ?  Im not big into injuries = entertainment, im someone who can appretiate problemsolving skills that might teach other people. Not to mention the time you couldnt upload and entertain people because your injury takes a few months to heal.
Denim. It's just amazing man!.
I mean, is it really Denim if it was not manufactured in Serge de Nîmes France? It should really be called a twill weave fabric. Therefore the title of this YouTube content should be "I made an epoxy infused twill weave fabric table that mimics the appearance of pattern welded steel" 🤓
at 21:28 done. I have to say I also didn't expect to go thru a whole 30 min but It is great to see sth I never expected. 💯%
you got me at the list 😂
It's Denimiscus
Denim all the way.  It can be like looking at some fluffy clouds and seeing different images in it.  I like it.
nice work. just a question, what does the uv light help with in the finishing!
no denim
its not actually a Ouija board its actually called a spooky dooky ghost radio from beyond
Denim, corduroy, leather, tartan, stripes?  This table looks great, and I can't wait for another instalment in your line of fabric tables.  Not sure you can top this one, but that's the challenge, I guess.
What kind of jeans does Mario wear? Denim denim denim.   This is one of my favorite tables you've ever built!
Hello My friend I think That Your table top was perfect you could Make like more blackish color but I think your table legs are not good they shoudl be taller or like make them like leather type like your old style and bright color will bring focus to table top.
22:18 Johnny Sins really feeling that table huh?
Here it is frown upon to call fake damascus, damascus.
DENIM!!! Loved the video as usual keep em comin cam 🐸👍
welp looks like we have FInally found a use for denim
is that the MUJI wooden mechanical pencil? 🤩
Denim. 3 mins in and I am loving how self aware this dude is. No wonder I keep coming back.
desk is priced at $17,000 btw for anyone curious
denim
Flippin amazing. Very well done!
More Denim, please😅
Jonhy sins is getting creative with his vids
The clap back at comment Karen’s was amazing…. We definitely wouldn’t invite them to be on any softball team.
You should definitly use the correct terms for thing you use
Denim.
17k for this table !? Are you f@king serious, and i saw 8k for a small coffe table WTF !? Do you know the price of the money, or for you woodworkers the real world is like in GTA? Here in my country you buy whole kitchens + all the electric appliance's for that kind of money!! Its just INSANE to sell something that you made for 1-2 days with basic tools and knowledge, and then ask that kind of money. You are not shaping diamonds for faberge, or finding the cure for cancer, you just cut wood-make it round-put top coat. Get back to earth, and look around you to see what are the real prices for ppl's jobs, and if your friend's get 20k+ a mounth for working in some supermarket, then you can ask 17K for this basic little table you made for 10h !
Denim. I love the look of the Damascus denim, what I would have changed is the legs if you will. I think with a top so funky, they look quite out of place to me, so I would have definitely gone with a more funky base, with more of an orange tone wood as I think it would pair much better with the blue. Definitely check out the color wheel and the theory of color, you make really cool stuff I think you could really benefit from studying aesthetics a bit. <3
Tablesaw safety: You should never use the fence and a sled/miter gauge at the same time.  Reason: If the piece tweaks even slightly it can get jammed between the blade and the fence and kickback hurting you or the saw or both.  Solution: Set a stop block at the beginning of the fence so that you'll come off it before you engage the cut.  ** I certain Cam knows this and that little 1.5x1.5 piece lacks the diagonal length to create much kickback, like a foot wide cabinet panel would. He's already said he's just for entertainment, but people ARE watching to learn. This comment will likely get lost in the stack, but I hope this helps someone.
denim! table got me thinking - is it possible to make a sentimental table using some home made quilts or maybe old clothes? also table u made is stunning!
“Damascus effect” denim 👍🏼
Denim  I know i am NOT an expert in any way but i would sugguest that you try putting on more resin maybe that will help with the 'fizziness" BTW I loved the table
denim! nothing more... no other comments 🙂
Denim! More denim and go wild! Thoughts on the fuzzies: my wife makes fiber art sculptures, and stiffens porous fabric with PVA. She thins it 50/50 with water so it will penetrate the fibers better. In the case of many layers of denim, I think that the weaving process and high-pressure rolling of the finished denim creates super-dense areas where the threads cross. The epoxy might not be able to get into those areas at full viscosity. I wonder if thinning it would give more penetration and reduce the fuzzies when you're first sanding the planed block. I loved this completely surprising and gorgeous Damascus, definitely Damascus look.
Denim That is great. In some future denim projects, consider using rivets. Every good denim product has rivets. I do not know if it is possible, but it would be cool looking.
Another wonderul episode and build. Your sense of humour is so un-Amerian. Superb.
Beautiful work
i was thinking the other day while looking at my shredded US currency, that it would be cool to see it in a bar top frozen in epoxy. or a table top. you can get kilogram bricks of the stuff from the bureau of engraving and printing. even a 1kg brick is alot once you break it up.
nodemin. Just because I love wood so much more :)
Denim, idk
Denim, why always tables? A chair would be nice…….
Denim, thanks to you I got distracted watching this whole thing and now im late for work. Looks amazing!!
Thats nuts
The Damascus denim is awesome, but after that last denim table I can’t help but think leather wrapped base/legs would look even better. Just my taste.
I am not an expert but I think I have a theory as to why it become fuzzy again despite being infused with epoxy. Friction.  Friction creates heat, and epoxy when mixed with fabrics creatures small spike/shards to harden but at still extremely soft and breakable to the touch. As a result, you get as fuzzy texture. Let me know if I was correct in my assessment or not next time you do it in a subsequent video, I'd love to know if my theory is correct or not.
love it
DENIM!!!! ALL THE DENIM!!
Aka *MICARTA* 😉
джинсовый рай этот подход идеален
шедевриально  братик
I dont think you will avoid the fuzz as the fibres will release with planing. Very simple. I think doing the thicker epoxy layer on top, fine sand and finishing oil should give it the smoothness you desire.
Denim, looks good. What if you did a denim table with wood incorporated into it? Not the base, but the actual table. Like, a mix of both words. I think that would be unique yet challenging for you, but I’m sure anything challenging to you is like a kid walking into a candy shop, cliche. But awesome work bud. These videos keep getting better each time!
'What the fuck did he make now!?' Lmao!! Cam, you're awesome, love your ideas!!
denim. was a surprising finnish, not my stile but you could set up a pattern in it if you set it up right.
Denim!  What about black and grey, with some white mixed in, instead of the blues??? Just a thought...
cool idea, it would also look amazing with black and white
Looks cool, but more trippy psychedelic than Damascus Steel. Definitely do another one but try to make it have a uniform pattern. I think if you used square shapes and put them in a checker board pattern it would look more like diamond folded Damascus.
Denim! As someone who enjoys working with fabrics to create blankets and such, this table definitely got my attention! Very unique and eye catching. I love the color variations the eye sees, even though you only used 2 different shades. It is very beautiful.❤
When did johny sins start building table???
Can you grow a moustache or goatee? Maybe a soul patch, I can’t stand being stared at by agent 47
Looks amazing.. nice idea very well executed .. and when you are saying it is like hard as hard wood is pretty astonishing.. something to try when I have a bigger working area... You can definitely bring up your confidence level now 😉 Love the list 😂
Man woke up and chose violence for this narration 😂
Denim & can you knock on the next denim table you make? I'm curious to hear if it sounds just like knocking on wood or if it's more of a muffled sound. Thanks!
Gorgeous!
A denin chair would pair up amazingly, in my opinion. Love you stuff!
Definitely Denim
Denim and yeah, too much at the end :)  A "waterfall" table where the denim hangs and pools as fabric does would be a pretty difficult challenge :)
This is weird, thanks!
Nice work.. and it would look more beautiful with a brass frame.
DENIM !!! I Love this one!
Wonderful
You’ll answer your own fuzzy question if you watch the video, pretty obvious mate.
Doesn't Damascus have practical implications context to it
Denim is good. An this dude actually looking like he's been a big fan of psychodelics in his youth, and this is why it's too much for him now
Сколько тебе лет? Физическая форма на уровне,тебе нужно вести параллельно фитнесблог😂😂
Shout out to the guy who makes glasses from denim and made it a thing
I have a question. Ive heard something similar described as mycarta, is it called something different because its denim or what?
Как всегда ,отличная работа!
Why do you do the whole table in denim? Are there material savings by just doing strips for the edges? Not saying this is wasteful, just wondering how the math works out. Couldnt you do recycled material core and get the grain look on the edges with much less virign material?
Denim is cool.   So, you are telling me i could revive some of my old jeans with N3 Nano finish ?
What a cool idea
I believe the surface gets fuzzy again because when you remove material from the surface you are stripping away the relatively brittle epoxy and leaving a "5 oclock shadow" of the fibrous denim poking out from the epoxy one of the two materials has a bit more "flex" and cannot be removed as cleanly as the other
Im a carpenter. Why did you choose to make the tabletop as big as the base? Sure the top is not made of wood but the base still is and can shrink/ grow and change shape ever so slightly with changing atmospheres. The chance you get now is that after some months one of the corners of the base can stick out ever so slightly and become a very sharp point where you could hurt yourself.
Why are americans so anti-IKEA? I have several of their basic products I had for more than 40y. Damage on them was done by me, not bcz low quality.
You could probably use a sheet of mylar or PET film as a release layer when vacuum molding things like this.  My theory about the epoxied cotton getting fuzzy is that the cutting surface of the planer rips the cotton instead of cutting it, which will stretch the fibers but not the cured epoxy. The epoxy surface probably micro-shatters, too, as the fibers get pulled taut and snap.
You could do one with a world map, could even add in the odd mountain range etc and see if it would come out
No denim. (Because I want to manufacture it and be the only one in the world so I can ask for high prices!) Joke aside, a sick looking table!
Denim. Infused with Epoxy does not equal being epoxy.  It means that all the air has been replaced with epoxy.  But when you sand that back, you expose the raw denim to the air, it will naturally feel exactly like denim(aka cotton). This is different for more fragile materials that may be burned by the exothermic reaction of epoxy hardening.  In that case those materials are hard because they burned. This is also why you need to have a complete encasing of your material with epoxy, not just an infusion.
that snarky bit at the beginning with the list was pretty funny. I can't tell you how many times I've been told "oh that's not a bandaid its an adhesive bandage"
Denim
$17k WOW. I was guessing $5k
DENIM - more please great work Cam !
Denim
Beautiful table, but even if I was rich, I couldn't' justify that much.
Denim! As always you nailed it! (Well, epoxied, screwed and glued it) This table looks so awesome! Thanks for sharing it with us!
guessing the fuzzyness/softness is when you start manipulating the surface the epoxy crystals break and flake off and you're left with fluffy denim.
17 000 USD for this? xD xD
it is beautiful
I think a table that has circular patterns, almost like rain hitting water with varying diameters would look really cool. Also think Damascus denim legs would be a funny challenge. Something like the Olympics rings for legs might spark an idea in your head. really cool table though
When you donned that suit at 8:13, I thought you were about to vacuum-seal yourself lol
I dread to think what your electricity bill is every month (based in the UK, and if the cost is something similar in the USA 🤢) great project as always by the way!
Eh. On the corrections thing, some videos do have straight up misinformation in them and thus deserve to be corrected, for something as simple and non-important as the proper usage of the word 'Damascus'?  Yeah, you don't have to correct that, especially since it's used interchangeably as you said.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear….?
to back up that other person, and provide clarification for everyone in the comments...  damascus steel is part of what is called "watered steel" metal.  what happened is in ancient times in india, they learned they had hybrid iron mines and when they heated it up, all the "impurities" boiled off leaving just the raw pig iron.  when the smiths in the city of Damascus got it, they knew how to heat it and work the alloyed steel without heating it up and removing all those impurities, creating whats called a wootz ingot, and then turning that into blades, which eventually became known as Damascus steel.  there are many ways to achieve the same look of a watered steel blade without using wootz, most notably the japanese fold-forging or modern pattern welded billets.  it is just that calling it damascus is sexier than saying watered steel.  there are people out there that still use crucibles to make wootz ingots, it is just a lot harder and longer process.  hence most people do pattern welded billets.  cheaper and easier version.  yes, i am that person.  no, bad things will not happen to me!
Love the denim work it’s unbelievable beautiful and in unusual to the norm
Denim! 시바 존나 멋있다 (f**k it looks cool)
That looks like something my great grandmother would have liked. Damn, that's... Not pretty.
is it actually rigid enough without diagonal bracing?
Amazing, wacky concept brilliantly executed! You could have perhaps inserted a few random brass or whatever they are Jean buttons ! Great work and film Cam👏👍😀 regards also to your very able assistant! 👏
Denim! It's great! Do another Denimascus Table with a different pattern and more colors, play around with some different ideas. It was so cool when the pattern showed up through the planer!
denim! this is probably one of my favourite table tops you’ve made. such a sick concept.
Might be cool if you can find other colors of denim
DENIM! hey man this is really fucking cool
Gloves at rotating machines? Not good.
Love the guy in the background at the planer location. He said, " what the fuck did you make now?" Hahaha
Denim
the damacsucus vs pattern welded steel is the one time thats important because its diffrent and anymore damascus means i took these 2 shitty types of steel so you wont ask what type it is. i have even seen steel knifes with a damscus styled laser etching tried to be passed off as damascus. when companies can be responsible enough to provide the same product it can be labled whatever but when they cant be its helpful to know what it actually is.
That is badass
Hi I don’t really get why don’t you seal edges in all your epoxy projects?
Denim….  Looks great.  I would love to see you dye the denim or have colored denim.  Thinking dark purple or blood red.
So he uses black tail studios products and blacktail studios ask him for advice that’s hilarious
Denim - I was thinking about the plywood pieces, and was wondering if you considered giving a little contour or undulation to the top edges - that would eliminate or minimize the "continent" effect a little.
Denim.. try taking a pile of epoxy soaked Denim , 'crumple' it random and press it flat to make it random denimascus
Im only 2 minutes in and know its not going to be Damascus and more likely a micarta.
denim Very creative love damascus metal /patterened metal great idea to pulled this off brilliantly!
All the way through the video I've been unsure of the result but MAN! This looks so good!
Denim, this looks awesome! if you did this with slight variations of colour, not just sticking to blue you could end up with a pattern weld very similar to mokume gane
🫡🍉❤️🖤A Masterpiece🤍💚🍉🫡
More denim
The reason it’s fuzzy is because you are breaking apart the fibers of the denim. When you are pouring the epoxy onto the denim it’s not wetting it deep and penetrating it like a lower viscosity liquid would. Instead you’re probably surrounding the individual strings so when you sand/cut them the inner most core or “dry” fibers of the thread that haven’t been wetted by the epoxy flare out like a brush or the end of a piece of Paracord.
Denim, i have tried a blend on inlay on a wood top of copper and burlap, watching your efforts show where a vacuum may have helped me. I may revisit this idea thanks to you! You are an inspiration to all us welders who like to play with other toys occasionally,  keep up the good work.
Denim. If this doesn't end up in a primary office or conference room at Levi or another jeans brand, I will be SHOCKED
Looks less like Damascus and more like a topographic map to me. Still cool though. That said, I wonder how involved it would be to recreate an actual area topographically with the same process.
Like me here, the Damascus fella was not correcting you. No, they were attempting to inform you and or other commentators by sharing a piece of information/knowledge on the subject at hand.  But it’s up to the individual as to how they choose to take it. So if your embarrassed, offended, or feel like a kid being told what to do, then I would suggest you might study the events of your past and attempt to determine the true source of your pain. Because we have no malicious intent and I speak from experience myself on this  matter. Some call it shadow work others might call it therapy either way it’s very freeing to identify the source of your trauma and realize it doesn’t have to affect you anymore if you simply address it. Think of it like an old wound which was cause by circumstances outside of your control. For some reason the wound never healed properly. Perhaps because the trauma is ongoing or to do so may have caused you more trouble at the time either way it still festers. And now as you go about your day a person might unknowingly bump into you and apply some minimal amount of pressure in the region of the festering wound causing you to cry out in considerable agony. Did that person intentionally cause you this pain? Of course not but it may appear to you that they have because the pain is very much real. But if you would only take some time to identify for yourself what might be causing you this trouble, you could find the wound, dress it correctly, tend to it until it heals and now you won’t scream in agony should another person bump into you.  And we won’t have to be told that we are bad people and no one likes us. Even though we just trying to help I’ll be part of the game. But if you insist on making a scene and letting us know how unwelcome we are in your game, I understand you may not be ready to address, potentially traumatic event of your past. be well mate and I’ll go address why I feel the need to come tell you all this. You likely don’t care, and I still just want to be heard and valued by those in my family who I am and what I offer to the tribe. so be well mate and let the flaming begin below…
Great description of IKEA furniture
Thank you for troll-smacking.😁 Funny, how those buggers pop up in every comments section. Let's see if they can correct this. ->🖕 First one gets free K-Y!
Denim! If you don't really like the psychedelic look of it and want something more minimalistic, I think it would be pretty cool if you used wood colored denim and add some of those damascus patterns to it to make it look like wood but still know that its denim, just an idea, love the table.
Denim. Does look pretty psychedelic. Final result is beautiful. It looks like a topography scan of the ocean floor.
Very cool!! Do a denim jeans one, with actual jeans. Might be cool with the labels .. buttons .. zippers showing. Also a little less self depreciation.. more confidence.. im sure at this point you could make a mistake look good 👍
Ive always said this was my favorite denim content channel. Go ahead ask anyone.
No denim, but hear me out. I’ve loved the denim videos, but I’m just not a big fan of the look. Looking forward to other materials though! Maybe a bunch of different materials creating a country side then covered in epoxy, giving depth.
I like how you used the *_Comprehensive List of Pedantry (TM)_* to distract from your flyaways xDD I do have to disagree about "google" though, although only because I think it's concerning that we've allowed an already immensely powerful company to monopolize our minds to the point where searching for anything, anywhere on the internet, is called "googling".
to psychodelic and kinda flimsy with those legs- not a table for force only for light touch.
If I had the money I would buy it
no preferance on denim or not.  love the table top, hate the base, its too simple and boring. at the very least i would have made it 1" smaller then the top to create a lip arounf it. but overall i love your work and videos they are amassing and especially this table top. the denim patern is amassing and i almost want to do a custom denim table now. thanks.
The trademark lawyers of America will see you in court for giving legal advice when you aren't a lawyer.
Definitely denim!! Turned out really cool!!
OOhh you missed one " Dremel" it's the company name not the tool name but we all call that tool a Dremel!! I love it calling out the ones that are gatekeepers!
Denim all day long!
Bloody awesome
I forgot house awesome you're personality is, glad I started watching you again lol
No Denim! This does not mean, "No Fabric". Just mix it up with the colors and fabric! Yikes, on the errors in the previous post. It's late.......
Denim, I think it's a cool desk, a bit crazy for my taste, but if i saw it in someone's office I would think that it's pretty interesting.  I would like to see a half wood half denim table top, I think that would look really cool. Since you asked for our opinions, I think you went too much with the round over, and I liked the 3/4" round over more. Overall cool project, and I've enjoyed the adventure into denim. I'm curious if you are considering using a different fiber/fabric in the future? Like flax, carbon, plain cotton or some other obscure fabric.
No we DO NOT _all_ hope that bad things happen to that guy. That's called hate and it's the bad one. Love is the good one. There was a whole movie about it. Darth vader and darth sidius were the baddies. And they were bad _because_ they let the hate flow through them and believed in revenge. A good and healthy person does not believe in revenge. I am going way back to the basics for humorous effect, but I'm also dreadfully serious, because I have met some people on the internet who really don't know any of this. Not, like, people who haven't seen starwars, but people who take pleasure at the pain of others and don't know that they're the baddies. I worry about those people and want to reach them with this message: please be nice, it is really important. This is not a critique of the humor in the video, I'm just making a disclaimer that might seem unnecessary to some people who have not seen what I've seen. It simply took me a few years to learn that some things go without saying, followed by a few decades to un-learn it because it was a lie - nothing ever goes without saying. And here's what can't go unsaid today: Be nice.
Denim!
Denim Yes Please, Wow that looks Awesome!
"No Denim" The denim table is fine but you "phoned in" the in the base. It should have more modern. However, this will not stop me from watching your excellent videos...
Denim!! Denim!!
Denim… though I think you should experiment to see if you can make all the lumber needed out of denim. I’d suggest adding layers of carbon fiber paper between the layers of denim at alternating 90 degree angles so it doesn’t sheer. Or… layers of wood veneer at 90 degree offsets to each other with alternating denim layers. Make the whole table, legs, frame and all. You’re welcome.
That denim table is definitely psychedelic. I like the look and concept, but couldn't imagine having one in my house without having "flashbacks" every time I used it.
Thanks for doing weird stuff. The world is better place the more weird stuff you record. Looking forward to learning more weird stuff. Thanks.
Jable is back
Cool project! I agree with the comment about really enjoying seeing creative people enjoying their craft. I wonder what it would look like with a darker base?
Denim, I'd like to see how far you can carry this. You're right, the table was a little too busy for my taste, but I see potential.
No denim 🐈💨
this is a really cool method for potentially making specific damascus patterns
This is so Jenna Marbles coded.
The denim is great. I wonder how ballistic nylon fabric would look. The heavy nylon fabric luggage is made of.
Love this look
It’s priced at 17,000 dollars…..
Tkzz for sharing.,,.peace
Denim!  Absolutely beautiful work Cam!
Denim. Try it with a steel base, or brass.
Denim.  Now that you're working with textiles, you can make a table that incorporates... ... bow ties.
Denim!!!
Denim
You have extremely rich clients. I wouldn't pay more than 1k for a nice table. 17,000 is a lot of dough.
Absolutely gorgeous
Sharpie usually means a sharpie though
Lol God was on that list of 40 things 😂😂😂❤ i love this man ❤
More denim projects please!
19:35 "What the *F-ck* did you make now?????" fantastic
Denim. I would love to be able to afford a denim solid body guitar, Telecaster style.
Denim, but different colors! Another interesting material would be corduroy. It might give some nice depth without having to layer and cut away at it.  I think you could be the biggest textile resin table channel on YouTube!
this came out really great.  by the way, i think scott(?) was right, you went a little too far with the round over.  could have even stopped at 1/2'.  regarding denim, i think 1 in 10 videos with denim builds would be plenty.  almost pushing it.  that doesn't mean i don't like them, i just really like wood and epoxy builds.  something about those.  it is why most of us are here after all.  but i understand branching out, so i'm giving you 1 out of 10 videos.  it's a good deal.  take the deal.
Philips screwdriver 🪛  😂😂😂
Denim, i think a black stand matches more with the table
You could use perforated release film instead of peel ply to help you get it off more easily. It will leave a less even finish, but if you are planing it anyways it should be fine
You seen the guy that makes glasses frames from denim? He’s uses epoxy and denim too.
Denim!  The only reason I can think of that the top surface of the table would feel "fuzzy" after it's been run through the planer is because even though it's been completely saturated in epoxy, the blades of the planer combined with vibrations running through it kind of disturbs the post-planed surface of the denim, causing the fibers to kind of break loose a little bit?  I don't know... kinda grasping at straws there on that one, but gotta say, that's one awesome looking table!
Denim!!! More denim videos for sure please and thanks!
Denim, loved it
Denim Awesome look, Damascus or not, much prefer the 7/8ths edge, keep up the awesome work. Love the N3 nano, will have to get some for my next timber project
Denim. Cosplay as Hulk Hogan. Denim
Denim Dan yes!
Denim, My wife said it would make a cool counter top, I think it really would be cool as an Kitchen Island top which has a serving counter on one side.
God I get so excited every time you post
denim--liked the topographic look, judging from your description feel of edges sounds similar to brushed micarta (lots of grip).  thought you could have expressed your disgust for annoying little screws with a less harsh adjective at 13:4?
Umm, ackchually, the term for this is "Pattern Welded"
Ngl the commentary literally keeps me coming back to his videos 😂
I love the denim videos
20:25 lucky for you and your comment section a recent study has shown that most Damascus experts are also denim epoxy experts!!
Looks good
Denim and Damascus perfection! Great job. Nick Zametti power carved a desk out of resin laminated bandanas, and it had a similar look. I love it when people get creative with their stuff.
Holy sh**! $17,000????
You did a remarkable job on this table, but I prefer more natural wood designs myself. Keep going buddy! Love it!
Damascus from micarta. Damascarta?  Micascus?
Dude that turned out beautiful! You mentioned making one and leaving it soft after you plane it. You should do red and green felt and make a pool table. That would be awesome!
That’s turned out awesome!!!
Denim. Incredible project, never seen anything like it.
Denim!
😎🤠🥳
The topic mesmerising but for me the base is a no no, would have been better black
Ya the whole “Damascus” argument is uuhhmm “bull$hit” Damascus Steel was mined in Southern India to make it even “bull$hittier” The forging was in Damascus with ore from India for the assh0les out there
Love it. Carry on experimenting.
I love this channel and I love your craft of art.
Denim! That would be sort of a ladder/raindrop hybrid? It turned out great! 💙 #Damascus
Denim. But I’m still taking the first one. This one is awesome but that denim and leather look makes me feel some kind of way
Denim. You should sell it to the san jose sharks the teal is a perfect match
Denim tables...for if you've already got denim jeans, a denim jacket, a denim hat, and denim shoes, and you want some more denim in your life, because you're just that extreme! []
Denim. This was my favorite table you've made yet, by far. Only wish I could afford it. Absolutely beautiful!
Denim. I appreciate what you are doing looking forward to catching your next pod cast course
$17,000??? Why not an even $20,000
Denim. You could try using foam inserts instead of plywood. It would be easier to work - hand tools and sanders instead of a router for sketchy little pieces - and lighten the table as well.
Looks beautiful.. I have a new goal now, to make enough money.. and some day ill be able to place an order to build me something like this..
Amazing DENIM
ugliest table ive seen
Denim for sure! Can you dodenim with woodpile on the back? That would look great with a business logo, or family crest, ranch insignia….just asking.
You are going to really hate me when I say then, then, Cam. From a lawyer's perspective (which btw, IANAL) much of what you say people _shouldn't_ issue corrections for is what their respective companies lawyer up to stand firmly against. So, *_yes_* annoyed as you may be about it, distinctions _do_ matter.  But rather than ripping into you about much of that list containing forty articles you consider not worth fussing about, allow yourself to ponder this; if everybody called a crazy-custom table like this a Blacktail table, _even if_ you never made it, how would you feel?
DENIM
Denim,  so cool!  As always appreciate your wit and humor!
Denim. Glad you are putting out the content with an honest feel from your inner self.
Denim, love how the table turned out.
DENOM. This. LOOKS. INCREDIBLE.
Denim Damascus table with zebra wood base!!!  🐸
I think I am not mad at YouTube for once for putting ads in the middle of your videos, but the first one hit right after your List of 40. I was laughing so hard, I needed the ad to compose myself. 😂. Absolutely love this desk.  How would a Damascus (get over it Purists) coffee table with a burl base look?  🤔
Denim! I love how triply it looks!
Denim Damaskus. Have you thought about trademarking that?
I have 20+ years of tag. Levi  denim. Let me know
Denim. Maybe an odd size flowing cloud table? I like the psychedelic pattern a lot!
Denim. Definitely more denim. That's just purdy
This is such a cool concept, but friendly opinion, not a big fan of the base. I just felt like the top was super cool and unique and the bottom kind of looked almost basic. Not sure if that was the intention, but it just looked a bit off. Really cool idea though! Would be interested in seeing more like this!
Back on the trending page with this one! Love to see it. Looks like a lot of newcomers in the comments too.
blue stained wood is hard to pull off and looks great when done properly, but this is a whole other level. well done sir 👏
$17,000…..
$17,000!!?? 😂 I mean it’s a cool table and all but not that cool lmao
Please i ask everyone to stop calling gluing together stuff Damascus. It's extremely insulting to the real process and youtubers clickbaits make it just worse. Also you spread miss information about how Damascus is made...you shown the process of making forge welds and cheap copies. Real Damascus is made from wootz steel...
Denim! What a incredible project, always so entertained by your videos. I would love to see you experiment with folds in the denim, hopefully future vid? Thanks for your entertainment!
Denim, that turned out great
price of that table
Denim!! (Trying not to sound too creepy😂) it would be awesome to just spend a couple days just shadowing you in your shop. (Again, trying my best not to sound creepy)😂😂
Denim. I can't believe Cresent wrench didn't make your list.
Denim, I love to see you explore your creativity!
Denim - Fluffenwhat - OK, I had to look that one up.
More denim colors, please.  Possible problems.   One:  denim is made of yarn fibers, so yes to fuzzy edges, even with embedded epoxy.  Next time, fray some denim to see the many fibers.   Two:  yes, denim expands and contracts, especially with moisture or a dry climate.  The holes drilled into the tabletop are the weak fray zone, which could cause warping.  Oops, routing the edge will add to problem number one.   love it
I really enjoy your content. Dig the stuff you build and always enjoy your commentary 😂.
For the soft surface I'd say: 1) if you're not doing it, try doing the proper amount of epoxy and apply it to each layer (usually you want to go for 60% fibre aka jeans to 40% resin) 2) if only the top is soft I'd say it has to do with the sanding, if the lateral faces feel soft after you cut them, you didn't use enough resin/it didn't penetrate properly  Learning pains from making a 10 layer panel of resin infused carbon fibre: - MUST make sure the bag is properly sealed - Get the proper equipment (catchpot, spiral and line clamps are crucial) - Every 20-25% of the way, close the resin feed line and let the vacuum line suck the resin for a bit - Trust the scale, don't trust when the resin seems to have reached the other end (keep it running until the epoxy in the feeding bucket is roughly the "leftover" amount you estimated at the beginning) - 10 layers of 55x30cm of 0.6mm plys took roughly 4 hours to get properly wet, so be patient -if you already know part of the layup is not going to be affected, but is just there to add thickness you can use some nomex honeycomb instead or some other core material -Probably wise to have more than one feeding point if making a whole table -besides easy composites, che out the rock west composite video
Denim…can you or would you do a denim kitchen counter top?
great table holy
Denim table was very intresting ! Please keep doing what your doing!
Denim looks incredible.  Great job.
Denim. To denim, or not to denim. That is the question. I wouldn't have thought I'd like the look of a denim table, but I have to admit, this looks really sharp.
Denim… def more. I love that he addresses the idiots and lists all the nonsense corrections that nerds commonly and unsolicitedly identify for us. Fkn hero.
Denim. Definitely denim. I dove into woodworking after seeing guys build slingshots out of baltic birch or Micarta/mycarta with all these neat contours that really add to the artistic element of the slingshot. Seeing this table reminds me of that, but better. I think if you did less contrast in the denim colors, but still have 3-4 shades of the same color, you could get away with more fun with the base of a table or desk since the top would be less "loud" but equally as interesting.  All in all, more denim. Oh, and Cam, your technique with rounding over the smaller pieces was precisely why you didn't have kickback or an accident. Two points of consistent pressure on the workpiece and taking your time without relaxing is what makes sketchy stuff work. Well done Sir.
Denim! I think this turned out super cool and would definitely love to see more cool experimental projects like this, they are so satisfying to watch.
Yes more denim! Congrats. Looks great
I really love your content, and this table SO cool!! BUT I really miss your woodwork tables, I would love to see you bring out a video on that next time. (NOT THAT YOU HAVE TO; I WILL STILL WATCH WHATEVER YOU PUT OUT) but bring back the wood :(((
Denin is the best to hide wood.
Cam handles his haters better than anyone on youtube. He stands firm, adds humor, a little self deprecation some times, and then savagely insults them back... a little taste of their own medicine. 😂 fuck yea Cam, love it.
Denim. Whys this guy keep calling the jable "table?"
Denim. Gorgeous table. Wouldn't be surprised if Levi Strauss & Co. has taken it off your floor already 😂
the reason why it gets fuzzy is because denim  is a fabric .. simply
wasd
Denim! Keep it up!
I really appreciate your courage to try something new.  That's a lot of money and time and I thank you for bringing us along.  I like how it came it out and look forward to seeing other techniques.  The oak was a good pairing.
What if you rolled the denim into a cylinder, epoxy the cylinder. And the cut that into boards…
Denim. Super cool and lots of possibilities.
Denim man totally it's like the new old need to do bullet hole denim I'll shoot the denim first and then the epoxy throw back to old school '80s man
Denim! This is called micarda... but Damascus sounds good
Denim. This is such a unique concept. I’d love to see more of these videos!
I actually slowed down to read your list of words and loled quite a bit. Very cool project. I'm with Scott on the round over. It still looks amazing. Even if you're not a how to channel, it's always educational to watch other people work. Thanks for keeping us entertained.
Denim, I liked the Damascus look on it as well, also thought the straight denim table would look sick with some Old West badges, bullets, leather inlays, but then again that is my style
It is very beautiful and unique. If anybody sees it without seeing how it was done, it does seem like a damascus. Very good job.
Denim.  Cam, love your creative mind.  It must be so satisfying to see what you have only imagined start to appear as you progress through the job.  What I love as much as your skill is your self-deprecating and take no prisoners attitude.  Happy to take the p!$$ out of yourself but not prepared to let critics criticise because the lack a life.  BRAVO mate.
The idea is interesting and it's well-executed, but I can't say that I would want or really like a denim table.
Cam, could you just call this your Denimascus Table?
Cameron, have you considered doing something like this with different colors of carbon fiber cloth or carbon chopped tow (sp) ?
I hated this table until you showed off the botched breast augmentation part. Now i love it.
denim! and its patern EPOXIED denim.. ffs :P hahahahaha. amazing work! love it. you are right thou, its a bit too psychedelic, which sparks the idea of patern epoxied mushrooms for some reason ahahah.
Denim bro, this thing looks gorgeous. If i had the money i would defo invest 😂
Awesome, as always. I am really interested in the sliding cabinets at 15:41 in the video.
This is where all the cone mills white oak denim went.
Denim is great, would love to see a green variety )
This is fascinating! I can sort of answer the fuzzy question. Not trying to be one of those jerks, it's legit part of the explanation. This is a type of micarta and while the epoxy does fuse with the fabric, when you start removing layers, it will minutely break the bond on the edges leaving just the fabric. It does the same when you use paper you just don't feel it as much because the paper is so much thinner.
Demin, I fuck with it. Now do it with leather.
Jesus! $17,000!
DENIM PLEASE.  AWESOME TABLE. GORGEOUS REALLY!  Thank you for creating and sharing.
Awesome job.  The denim reminds me of the G10 material used for knife and gun handles.  I do composite repairs on aircraft and we use the same type of materials you did on the denim layup.  You may have already realized this, but if place the vacuum valve a little further away on top of a few layers of bleeder cloth it may help in not sucking up the epoxy.  Thanks for all the videos.  Your work is amazing and inspirational.
Denim, maybe try a geometric pattern
Dang I thought that about half of that list were the actual generic names of those items
Denim
Denim.  Love the look
20:50 Wow !!!!  And also, thank you so much ! You are brilliant and so funny 21:20 !
Just wow! This is cool.
Denim for sure. Maybe different colors like a Mexican blanket
2:05 🤓um...actually....Damascus is a town in Oregon...🤓 (said with heavy sarcasm)
Try this next time. get a board and some tape. put tape on the top of the piece you're routing and the end of the stick, then use CA glue to stick them together. as long as you don't press too hard it should work, and if it doesn't, your fingers are nowhere near the blades.
Denim. This was absolutely epic! I think this style is unlocks so many new creative possibilities that could be explored.
More Denim! Beautiful table.
Micarta table. You did a great job
Its due to the molecular conductivity polar factor of cotton fibers. Thats why the fuzzifscicity between the epoxy and fibers. More psi is needed between the polar fluxinations. You’d know this if you were any good at social studies.
Denim!!! Love u cam
Great build, Cam!
Different shades of khaki/brown denims would look good in this demascus not-demascus style. Might also be a little more marketable considering your blue table versus normal table video. (Avid viewer)  Thanks Cam!
Omg that’s 1/4 of my annual pay. So impressive. Love this work
20:55 think of the denim like your fingers splayed together into an x: the epoxy fills the voids between the corners, and when you plane/cut the slab, you rip up micro fibers from the denim weave. I would be concerned about the cleanliness of leaving the table without a finish, almost the same issue as not sealing a countertop
Not even at 3 minutes in the video. I lost it 😅. Love you brother. I needed a good laugh. Happy you are able to do what you do. Your a master of many thing's including video editing. You have the eye!
Denim! The one thing I kind of wish you'd tried on this piece would be a little shadow line between the tabletop and the base--like a 1/8" chamfer on both or a tiny rabbet on the oak. Looks great, I just think a shadow line might elevate it a bit.
cool
Denim. Loved the result but I wonder if an approach like canister damascus would work. So have more of a randomised structure of different strips, lengths and colours of denim. In the end your table is already kind of a canister, it is just on how you put in the denim. Loved the video!!!
I would like to see 👀 more denim OK thanks Rick from Burlington Vermont
I think if you planed it at a slight angle (put it on a large wedge shape with a super slight angle), you might have fewer of the large same-coloured areas, which might look better. Really neat though. I like the line texture you get where the layers are the thinnest.
Denim, beautiful work as usual.
Denim, I Love watching your videos, you could take it a step further. If you look up Diamond wood.laminated stained wood in different colour combinations, it would look good with the demascus treatment,just a thought ,or maybe a world map demascus? Keep up the great work and channel.  Roger
Try to make a wooden Damascus table if you want
Thank god you now understand vacuum bagging welcome to marine epoxy
The funny thing is, if they were truly passionate about true Damascus, theyd already know that not only can we replicate it, the search term wootz steal.
LOL, I wish I felt so passionate about something you did so I could leave a  jerk-i-fied comment and be the fan of the week 😂.
Denim.  Thanks for an "entertaining" video. ;)
Denim so beautiful Sir! Much love.
I love it.  Demin tables.  I loved the first table you made and this one.   More demin please. 😊❤️🙏🇦🇺
I’ve always liked your videos. I really want to get into woodworking. But I’m curious, what steps did you take get your wife’s junk out of the shop? I can’t seem to get that to work for me.
Ive paused this to make my comment, so excuse me if you already have done this but you could have just superglued the small circles to a larger piece of plywood that you can get your hand/push stick on and then ran it through the round over router bit upside down
Thank you for trying new techniques!  It is always inspiring that you aren’t afraid to fail.  Cheers!    For your next denim project try different colors of denim… brown, tan, red… mix and match or try to make a denim table look like wood.
edit: Denim  Love the giant denim micarta builds and looking forward to watching the process of you get as good with them as you are with the wood/resin builds. And I couldn't agree more with you about those types of comments, especially when it comes to name brands. Then you're being both a pedant and a corporate stooge. Lego might now want you calling them "legos" or whatever, but why do you give a fuck what Lego wants and police on their behalf?
Denim. 11:30 Not a bad test, the perfect test cause you found issues before you sunk a TON of money into it. 26:40 I love that you added a more extreme roundover. I'm adding one to my desk because it's soooo much nicer to sit at for multiple hours. I'm interested to see more adventures into stiffening fabric.... Wonder how laces would work
I am not wild about this "Damascus" denim, I thought the pattern was very un Damascus like.  But I liked you first denim table much more.  But even if I was not wild about the table, you were very entertaining so I watched anyway!
Denim.  Honestly, that table looks fucking fantastic.  Beautiful and totally unique.
It's not Damascus 😂 just for shits and giggles
Denim. Very cool. Could have bought it at IKEA for forty bucks though. 😮
"shipping not included" is just kinda silly for a 17k asking price.
Hi Cam, watching from South Australia and love your content and your approach.  Wonder if an industrial chemist could answer your fuzzines question?
25:45 nice dig
"What the fuck did he make now" is so warranted 19:34
thicker wood for the base please
Denim... I think Scott was right, you went too big on the roundover. Other than that, I think it looks great 😊
Denim! Love the way it turned out, you are the best woodworker, keep up the good work
Technically this isnt a Damascus table. Its both not made in the city of Damascus and it's not made of forge welded steel. 🙄
😂😂 Im no referee. You do what you want Cam, its your channel. PS Ill always pick you for my dodge ball team. You look like you cheat and I like that. 😁
I love all your work , but the prices of each piece is waaaay above my pay grade 😓 . O well i do enjoy to see you design a new artwork 😊 stay creative.
Denim. I agree with Scott. I think the round over was a bit too much.
Demin. I would be interested in adding other materials into the table. Could you fuse metal or wood for accent pieces? How complex can you make it?
Denim! Loved the table design; I think my least favorite part was the resulting solid color blocks. I almost wish you could've accomplished rolling or waving the denim layers themselves to create the height variations you needed, or used smaller wood spacers and placed them at different layer heights in the build? Regardless, loved it. Also - do you have a check valve on your vacuum rig, to prevent backflow of air in case your unit shuts off while you're leaving it overnight? Only real suggestion I'd have for the vacuum part.
Lmao!!! GED. I got one of those!! 😂😂
Calling out the know it all jerks and saying no one likes them made me happy on a deep level 😂😂😂😂 They comment on all our channels, trolls gonna troll. Love this Cam!
DENIM: I want to see faux woodgrain made with denim!
Top looks sick, not a fan of the base though
28:00 not even you, because that's a pattern welded denim table.
Denim! Loved the look! (That has nothing to do with the flashback it gave me...) 🤪🤩😶‍🌫😵‍💫🤯😎
Denim
Why did he have to drop the f bomb, I watch this with my family and I don’t want my kids to hear that stuff but they love to watch him build things :(
dude u have 2.5M subscribers. yes i dislike those guys too but WTF, just try to be better.
This is actually so sick.
Denim, This is pretty flippin sweet. I wish I had a million tools
I don't do tables, but i do use denim and fabric scraps for pen and bowl blanks.  the denim ends up looking great on pens, and the fabric scraps sell really well when used for seam rippers.
You're in rare form with the snarky commentary on this one, I'm laughing out loud. Thank you!
Denim! Question though only Blue Denim? How about a Black (tail) Denim Table??
Maybe use packing tape to tape off the glued corners? It wouldn’t soak up the glue so it won’t fuse. Only if it’s not prefinished material tho
Denim! Truly a badass project! I hope to one day share an idea I have for you to create. Cheers!
Denim, definitely one of the most unique desks I've seen! Lovely videos as always 👍
Nice table, looks great... for somebody else's home 😅
Denim. I love it
Denim
Denim, great looking design.
Denim. 4:23 - narration like that is one off the main reasons I love this channel. I actually laughed out loud! Bravo sir!👏🏾
Denim!! omg CAM!! You are on point with your jokes and snark this video!! I could not stop laughing!
It’s cotton.
It's cool, unique, crazy patterns. But I love wood.
Cam, it's time for the fusion no one is asking for... Do this again and expose the wood. You know you want to.
2:39 grammar
Wow amazing denim table is a beautiful table
Clock graphic stack?? heheheheheheh... this could go places...
Dude that is one sexy ass looking top
Denim. I  really liked the look of the underside when you took it out of the vacuum bag. I thought the islands of wood looked really cool, like islands 🏝 in the ocean. What do you think?  Peter NZ
Had he folded the denim wr know it couldn't have been done more than 7 times anyways.
Denim... being the material you are working, makes this more of a Micarta than Damascus. If we're being technical about things.
More Denim!
7/8ths.  Yeah!!!
Id be interested to see how resistant that table is to bullet penetration. Substitute denim for Kevlar and you have a ballistic panel.
Denim. Defs denim.
Denim. Good job.
Denim
The first denim table didn't do much for me, but this one, WOW!
Denim but do a smaller square table maybe a matching one to this table.  Blue denim is classic but there are other colours.  Also use a rotary cutter for cutting fabric, but be careful they are very sharp.
I like the light base. But I think it needed a touch of stain color to really bring out the denim. Some of the shapes that you talk about maybe change up some of the shapes that you in laid into the Pattern
Denim, you've got to love it. looks amazing.
Denim! love the combination of this "damascus denim" and this wood, although i am not as much of a fan of this type of base in comparison to other you've made... Still an amazing table and a really good job!
What an amazing idea, if I had the money and space that table would be mine lol You remind me of my brother in some ways.... when we were younger he would do something in no time and it would be acceptable even though not perfect... Now - even perfect is sometimes not good enough.  I'm a quilt maker and always look for ways to use, upcycle and recycle fabrics.  My only criticism (of course I have to): you could get used denim, it would be a lot more work to cut it all up, make sure the layers are even ... etc... etc... etc.... get those fabrics out of landfills and turn them into something useful.  Having said all of that - I love the table! I love your art work. Well done and keep posting.
Denim! Certainly one of the coolest tables tables I've ever seen. I used to be a metal worker, and I think this would be an amazing piece for any metal worker to have in their home. A+++
min 1:42 - you didn't follow the line you'd drawn correctly
denim! (although I don't have a preference really). I think the result is pretty cool, but If it was just medium and light wash I think it would've looked better. Having the dark denim makes it really striking, but I think I would've preferred if the Damascus affect was a little more understated.
hahahahahahah love the commenting on the comments!!!
Denim! I’m loving the look
Denimin
denim.  this looks great.  I think the double circle area looks more like googly eyes than breast augmentation though.
The cotton fibers hold the epoxy, but it doesn’t become one with the epoxy. When you sand it, you’re freeing the cotton fiber from the epoxy and bringing about fuzz.
Denim. Really like the denim table. Depending on the customer you may make one of these for... you could experiment with a number of colors. I used to have a jewelry making project I did with grade school kids laminating color paper, then filing it down to their drawn designs. Good job!
Denim,  but make them shorter. I like the desk but do you need to go in so much detail?  Did we need to know how much denim dust that created.  If you're not teaching I think you do a better editing job.  I still like the desk. I have to admit I fast forward sometime.
Denim, I definitely think it’s interesting and worth exploring from a creative point of view. Style wise I’d prefer the previous denim table you’ve made. That dark blue top with the brown legs looks very good in my opinion.   Could be interesting to do a black / light grey denim project. You can mix that with a lot of colours for the table legs, so it could be a big hit! Think about it
Denim AND no denim. Keep a balance. Great looking table!
Denim.   On your list of 40 things you could have added Skil-Saw, Sawz-all and Dremel.
Denim deffo. Just not fond on the base. Much love from the UK
I was one of those people who recommended this process!
Denim! Coolest table top design I've ever seen. I think you underestimate the popularity of a design like this. As you likely know, MCM and designs from that era are very popular. Even if you produced this table non stop, you'd always run out of stock. Great work! Bring us more!
When some jerk from the EPA comes along and shuts down your ecto epoxy containment system, that's what you get.
No denim cam...please!I prefer wood/epoxy content.
It's really more of a desk than a table because of how the base is done.     I like it though.
DENIM!! I really love this tablet it was fun watching it come together.  I'd love to see more of these projects.  Great job
Denim! Yeah that guy is right, genital mutilation isn't exactly a joke. Don't you have a daughter?
Denim... Clearly not a $40 desk lol
Denem but pleas make It es trippy es is gets
Denim. I really like the top. I was hoping for something different for the base, but it's nice craftsmanship. Personally, I like darker browns against the blue. Love your videos and creativeness.
DENIM!!
What are the super Mario brothers overalls made out of?       Denim denim denim
Imo it looks amazing, but I'd rec to do a more controlled geometric pattern if you are trying to avoid the Acid look. Like diamonds/ paralleled ridges/ spaced out circles, etc
Great job!for next project you can use all 3 colors of denim.Also i think that the wood forms should be more sharp at the peaks ,not rounded everywhere.
Denim
Denim! This table is amazing!!!!
I would do round dots in a hexagon pattern -- or, you know, if I won the lottery I could commission that from you. +1 really like the denim.
I saw a video from CarAudioFabrication where he uses double sided tape to router small pieces. Might help, might not.
DENIM: If you learned from a failed test, it's a successful test. Look, I'm trying to be uplifting here.
Denim......My guess is that the oak came from the wood candy store. CROSSCUTS?
Denim.. Hells Yeah.. More Denim...Amazing table sir.. you swing for the fences all the time.. Keep up the good work sir.. Well done!!
The PSA on being pedantic is the best....I really wanted to start this with "Actually" but Seattle sarcasm doesn't always translate well in Portlandia....
2:45 well said...should be a disclaimer in front of every video and every social media platform
Denim! Great table. Probably i would never choose this over wood. But it's a great idea!!!
Denim. You did go too much on the round over. Scott was right.
denim yes yes looks great.
Ampun bagus sekali
I need to buy this and keep up my reign of owning the only denim tables in the world. Lol
Denim! That ended up looking awesome, but I couldn't help immediate think about the laminated buttstocks you can find available for the 10/22. If you've never seen those, you should look them up. A 'damascus denim' stock would be pretty cool too, if you ever move away from just furniture!
Denim,DENIM,DENIM. Great job!
Like it. More.
Denim!! Here's an idea... And hear me out, I  don't know how it would work, but I think it would be kinda sick. Make one of the river tables, but replace the resin with damascus denim. 😏
Wow, denim looks surprisingly cool. I can see the endless potential especially through trial and error with different designs and processes. More denim tables sounds awesome.
17k idk not a fan of the base think it would go better with a more modern metal frame with the look of brass buttons
Denim! Firstly I want to say how much I thoroughly enjoy your videos. They are always entertaining and beautifully made. I have never commented on any video on YouTube before as I am quite a private person. Having said that I wanted to point out that I have a mixture of furniture, some expensive and some from IKEA. Our furniture has travelled the world the last 20 years from Sydney to Dallas, to Paris where we moved houses 3 times and back to Sydney and the IKEA furniture has stood up to everything that has been thrown at it from trucks to trains and container ships and it is still looks as good as when we first put it together way back in the 90's. It has also survived 3 children and now several grandchildren.
I was thinking more in the ballpark if 13k…then went to look at the price and I think 17k is a bit of a stretch for such a simple base and finish. Maybe 17k if the base was a bit more complicated and more expensive material, but it’s white oak with simple butt joints.
Dude, you are not dumb and don’t waste money, you are and artist and you are learning new things, and a great artist if I may say so myself ! Keep creating!
I love the unique look of this. I'd use a denimascus kitchen table in my house.
Denim please, LOVE the blues!! greetings from a fan from the Netherlands
Denim table. Very Cool!
Denim. The gold and leather looked so good in the last desk. Maybe make a chair for this desk using the same concept. Great work!
More Denim! Every project gets better and better.
To the guy who commented about about pattern welding vs Damascus: *I* like you
Briljant, looking forward to your next Denim project.
Denim table is WOW. You completed a fantastic project that was also very entertaining. Great added humour at the end.
Denim... It just looks awesome and it's hard to provide a more 'Merica material
Denim!! i dont have much to say but i love your denim videos and just your videos in general.
Denim, definitely. Whoa! This is.. an awesome idea. Initially when I saw the title I was like.. "wtf is this.. c'mon!" But then... I hit play and I got more and more curios. (no, I never seek!) so I stopped anything else and finished the video. I must admit, I do envy you about this.. for two reasons: it looks absolutely awesome.. and.. why didn't I think of this? :D I think it looks great with all the 'imperfections' that you mentioned!  Wonderful work as always! Thanks again for all the tips and tricks.
I've watched a few of your video's, very cool. Yet the best part is when folks like you have the balls to call out the Gremlins who have nothing positive to say. Life is about experimenting and  learning from what did and didn't work. Thanks for doing what you do and sharing it with us. We are learning from you.
The "What the fuck did he make now?" had me crying.
Hey is there any way that I can buy from you very small off cuts of highly figured wood? I make small wooden Jewelry, mainly rings and crosses, for friends and family, and people at church.  God Bless.
I personally thought the table was badass!!! First time watching your channel, enjoyed it.
how old is he?
Denim. Have you thought about making a denim and wood top table,  where the wood could come through tears in the denim top? Just a thought
🌧🌥❄❄❄❄❄❄This is very beautiful and very useful
Would have been cool (let's say it's a commissioned table) if the wooden highlights would have made the hollow (IE the letters themselves) parts make up a word or the name of the one buying it.
Denim, yes please! 💙💙💙
Denim- For the round overs, I always turn the router to the side and go over the corners both ways up and down as well. Seems to work great with the smaller round over bits, but I’m curious if it would work with something as big as that one you’re using on this table. May be worth a test though so you can make sure all the corners are perfectly the same.
Trying to get into wood working and having a hard time getting the language down. If I’m looking for a name like “flush trim bit” I’ll end up asking for a “edge table drill/sander thing”. Any advice?
Denim for sure, love your work and commentary!
"nobody likes and we all hope that bad things happen to you"😭😭😭
Denim. This is a very nice looking table. Thanks for the entertainment.
beautiful table!!!
Favorite table by far
Denim! Thoughts on the fuzzy feel… Even when you’re infusing the epoxy you’re really only filling the void between the fibers that make up the denim. Once you plane or cut or sand the denim you’re severing the denim fibers and exposing the fiber ends that the epoxy was not able to coat. Nothing but a pretengineers guesstimate here 🤷‍♂️
Should have nailed to the bottom of a bigger board
#BlackTAIL What was your first car?
Denim!  The sketchy little pieces on the router table.. I might have screwed down to a flat plate of wood, then used a hand router to go around them?  Maybe a bit safer?
I like that you say how you feel about people who feel the need to tear others down to their level. There are so many channels out there that feel scripted, fake and way too politically correct. Glad your channel is genuine.
Where did you come up with this idea?
Denim I like it  Do they make denim in deferent colors besides blue
jable
Denim’s beautiful 🤩 great job and thanks for sharing your experience and expertise! ✌🏾🔆👍🏾
denimmm
NOICE
Who else thinks Cam needs to be in a major motion production?
this is the coolest table ive seen yet .. awesome work
I mean I get the autistic feeling of wanting to correct someone on the use of a word in a field u love, it’s not to be rude, it’s just a way to share .  Personally since I learned that people think it’s rude, I just say it to myself but I hope some people will get that it’s just a way of sharing with people, and it’s a way to connect on a subject
Denim. With the layering process and mould I think you can do and explore really cool curves and shapes, such as those waterfall side tables and more. And what about a hybrid between denim and wood?
Your description of IKEA furniture made me smile. So accurate.
Denim hahah "the red brand"
Zamboni? There’s no other world to mix with that so no. You’re wrong
Denim. While I’m not sure I’d want one, I enjoy the process
No denim. I'm a hard textures kind of guy but love it when they have a warm, soft look. I'm very interested in contrast wood types shaped into one cohesive piece. I would really love to see something like an aurora borealis coloration with fiber optic lighting to make stars. Expensive: Probably. Doable? Probably. Beautiful? Definitely.
Awesome!!!!! Anything you choose to do is fine. Thanks
Denim! It's always great to see you figuring out how to handle new materials/applying woodworking techniques.
Denim, it really can do anything
Denim! You could even ask Johnny to CNC the "welded steel" profile to your convenience... it could have more gradual transitions in some areas and more aggressive transitions in others... a programmable customizable damascus (yes!) pattern! You could also try variable number of layers of the same color: 1-2-1-2-2-1-3-...
Denim, dude!
Great work! You are truly one with the denim!!
Denim - it turned out very well. Great job!
2:05 THANK YOU! Finally, someone says it.
No I hate it it's wrong just wrong. It's not wood I appreciate your channel love most of the things you make, you have a passion which is incredibly, but no this was just not for me please bing back the timber 😢
This table is really - really - REALLY cool... The mere fact that I even took time out of my day to write down this comment should tell you how impressed I am with the result. Keep being creative and making cool videos!
Did Cam just drop an F bomb!?
Base looks too chintzy. Other than that, awesome build.
Denim is the way to go. Beautiful.
For the small pieces why not drill a hole through it in the middle, countersink on the bottom and put a 8mm (that is 5/16th bananas for the US folks) bolt and nut to get a better grip  on it with say a pair of pliers or a vice grip (mole wrenches for that side of the world).  Now how sharp can you sand that Damascus denim edge?
I feel like there is something in the denim that isn't letting the epoxy soak through, and you are just getting lamination.   Maybe other fabric?  I don't know.   Also look into this https://youtube.com/@easycompositestv?si=WsM_GllVEtGbpPe-
Denim, I think the 5/8 to 3/4 inch was better for the table edge. Great looking table. Yes I want to see more denim.
GO FURTHER BRO
Denim, looks great
This is truely creative! You reached next level.
Denim, such a cool project
Denim more.
Denim🎉❤
What chamfer bit did you use and recommend?
😂😂 I love the list of things to keep your mouth shut about.
Denim! Thanks for the great content and keep roasting all the haters!
Denim 👖I Loved the first denim table. This one is interesting 🧐
Shredded paper epoxy lamp shade?
I like the denim. curious how other fabrics would do. Flannel or maybe canvas?
Denim. I feel like the pattern could have been improved by using a voronoi tesselation to design the wood pieces so that they fit together more geometrically rather than being random lumps and bumps, but still look relatively natural  eta: obviously i'd still round out the corners of the shapes and shrink them so there are gaps between them
Still wanna see you build a guitar sometime. I think you’d build something absolutely beautiful.
I love a good book match!!
well made and hideous, as always
Denim... Yaaayyy
#BLACKTAIL
Denim. Cam, As far as the feel about the fuzziness of the table, think of it this way. It’s not 100% infused. You still have the denim fibers that weren’t infused with the epoxy. The actual fibers take up space in the epoxy thus leaving the feel of the fuzziness. I hope this explains it right. You will always tell the difference between apples and oranges.
you should make a fossil style table - wood bones in a brown canvas fabric
IMO you went too big on the roundover. Overall looks great though!
Denim. Why stick to blue? I think a few hues of green🟩would be cool. Please consider a striped pattern like you'd see if you were doing light/dark alternating wood. This is a nice table, though it isn't for me. Nice video for sure.
Denim this was very interesting. I really liked the white oak base.
No denim. Great video, but I really enjoy your slab table builds
Black and Red Denim, or other material might be outstanding.
Denim is amazingly beautiful, wow, just WOW!!!!  Also, this was my all time favorite comprehensive list EVER!!!!!
Sit and stand denim is the obvious next step.
i LOVE the white and gold color scheme!
Denim
😂 always enjoy the wit and honesty that comes in your videos Cam and as always i get to actually learn something while i laugh at you poking fun at morons.  Thank you!
Cup check! On the router with those pucks
Looks good all polished up
"What the FUCK did he make now?!" - planer guy 🤣
Denim, fuck yeah. Next time it would be interesting to turn the wood blocks off 90* Look at examples of canister Damascus for inspiration
Denim, I love it!
Denim. - While in metalworking Damascus and pattern welded steel might be commonly used terms, I don't think there's a lot of guidelines for denimworking yet. So you can pioneer the Denimcus style and berate people in YouTube comments ten years from now :)
More Denim,  I look forward to a time when I can build a table with Denim or epoxy.  As it is,  I'm still trying to find a local store where I can get epoxy. 😅
WRT the smaller pieces of wood:  screwing them to a larger piece of wood could have made it a bit safer.
Denim - that would look just as good on a wall as a table base. Very cool!
Denim denim denim!!! looks awesome
Denim, probably one of the nicest finishes I have seen you do. Oh yea, and I love wood, so thats saying something lol
After all the crazy job is done & the table looks cool, good video and professional explanation thank you
That's frickin Awesome!!
Amazing. I love it.
Denim table love it.
The worst part of vacuum bagging is checking for all the leaks. Did pre-preg carbon fiber years ago and you start vacuuming and just keep your ears good to the bag to listen for leaks
Denim isnt something i ever expected to see on your channel but its SOOO cool!! What about doin a black denim or layering black and blue? So many avenues to explore w this. Also maybe make your shapes out of resin? Look forward to seeing more!!
FIRST BLACKTAIL F BOMB?
Denim ❤
imagine using pink jeans and neon vibrant coloured mixed in the blue or just 1 vibrant color make really trippy psychedelic table
Denim d-denim denim! denim denim denim, denim denim denim denim!!  DENIM denim denim denim denim?! Denim.
I would love to see one with white and black denim, or grey and black. I think it would look amazing :D
you could have made an incredible table from it. but you decided to do a such uninspired stand and ask for 17 grand for it? honestly... do a nice stand. that looks like a piece of sh... with that stand, while the plate is an amzing art work.
Try one with more colours of denim. Maybe three different ones that you have. Really like denim
Interesting….
Denim!  2:42Had to google fluffernutter. THought it was something from the porn industry, but oddly enough I wasn't disapppointed to find uout what it really was.
Completely obsessed with this denim exploration era! Looks wicked, I like the psychedelic look - maybe less linear golf course pieces and more Indonesian islands?
Even if this is an abject failure, that piece of OSB is now universe-proof!
Definitely denim. Very awesome build
Denim.  Looks awesome.  Black and blue and light almost white.
this guy can talk for hours nonstop😂😂.   Beautiful work 💯🔥
Denim. You're overthinking it, the table/desk turned out great. Always remember the 80 percent rule, sometimes trying to get things perfect can make things worse.
Way cool
No denim please, they're nice but I want to see something else
Amzing office table 🙂
could  you potentially do the fuzzy surface on some kind of wardrobe?
So acording to your logic, plywood is damascus. Who would've thought 🤔
As talented as you are, some people are truly just trying to educate for accuracy. I often correct my friends and family's grammar, but not obnoxiously, and if it's someone I dont care about I dont bother. It's all in how you communicate, and there is never any excuse to be unkind.
Love your videos 👍 👌 🇬🇧
Denim- started out dubious and ended up thinking it looked spectacular
Woah Cam!  "...nobody likes you..." ROFLMAO!!! Damn, that was hilarious
Demin Love it!!
Why does it get fuzzy again when using epoxy  Because the fiber of Denim it's self will not let the epoxy penetrate it Denim is a type of woven twill fabric, usually made from cotton.  It consists of two yarns that are woven together. this Processes all so Make it Hard for the epoxy penetrate Into the fibers. the fibers will always be fuzzy. Keep Up with the experimentation.
Not denim. It's cool, but it's not $17,000 cool. For that price point, I would personally want a table with more "exotic" materials.
Denim! More of it! Looks awesome, as always!
I think that the tabletop looks
Beautiful!
Sorry, but I MUST! Please replace popsicle with Loli-Pop on your list. Kidding, Thought the "List" was funny!
💜💛💜 DENIM! I have to replace the table in the lounge of my sailboat! Have you done a drop leaf table? I wanna put my souvenir magnets and stickers under resin/epoxy on an oval drop leaf table that will attach to my mast pole! Ideas?💜💛💜
I think it's incredibly unsafe for Cam to do this woodworking while he's drunk.  If you slow the video down to .25x to see his list for losers, his BAC is obviously over the limit, based on his slurred speech.
Denim… at the end of the video, when you were sitting at the table… I got Professor X vibes, maybe your mutant power is controlling denim 😄
I have a denim thought, but first,this is amazing. As a sewist, I love hearing all the expected woodworker criticisms (its like that in the sewing world as well), but here's the thing, I don't watch woodworking channels, I watch your because you're always pushing the boundaries and experimenting. Anyway,  Denim is one of the most densely woven twill fabrics around, it's not just warp and weft threads that have been woven, but the interior structure is almost as like a friendship bracelet, tons of threads compressed. Denim is also mercerized, meaning the fibers have been treated to withstand moisture, which is probably why the epoxy isn't soaking it. Im not sure if it could be stripped or not, but most fabrics are treated/starched... unless you buy fabrics meant for dying, those are stripped and ready to receive dyes.
Curious as to why he is bothering with insert bushings when surely the epoxy/denim matrix would be strong enough to support direct tapping and is thick enough to plug tap?
The fan of the week needs to learn anatomy.  The comment you made was related to breasts.    Breasts are genitals…  😊
denim! i loved it!
one thing you forgot about the stuff from IKEA is that its made by haters who complain about everything.
Absolutely stunning. I watched table 1 as well and you are definitely the denim top ruler!! Well done and make it so! Luv it...
Carbon fiber table?!??
Denim
Ive never worked with denim or epoxy but if I were to guess, (my guess means little to nothing) to the fuzzy bits that show up.  You know those plastic covers on the end of shoe laces? They break apart a bit, from being handled or rubbing on rocks and such, ( I work outside, construction) and expose the laces.. Maybe from being ran through the, planer is it, it’s pulled just a bit of epoxy off of the denim tips? Just a guess I’ve got clue.
I have a small question that I have the feeling that is really dumb, but still got me curious. In the past you made a video in which you made a table out of epoxy only ... in that video you bend that epoxy by leaving it outside in your back yard - that been said my question is : is it possible that this table/desk that is made from fabric and epoxy can get heated up enough to bend if you put it a room that have a sough view aka it getting a lot of sun and gets really warm ?  P.S - usually all of your videos are interesting, but this one I really enjoyed - great work !
Denim is a great material. I wonder what could be done using recycled denim from old jeans.
Denim. Trolls need no addressing. Rogan does it best.
k Damascus   The fuzzy is cotton fibers that loosened.
Too creepy stalker intense on the camera looks at the end 😂
Holy shit, $17k
Maybe look up stuff about micarta. Usually made to use as knife handle blanks.  This is essentially just a big denim micarta table. Real cool
DENIM. DENIM. DENIM
You coud also try to make similar damascus pattern with wood by using those thin wood veneer sheets.
Denim  I don't know if you would be interested but building a James Bond villian table would be cool. Like a table with a bunch of hidden compartments and gadgets that you can see unless they are open.
Denim. Yes please. 😊
The Ikea table my Dad gave me when I got my own place 25 years ago is still as good as new.
That turned out looking far cooler than I thought it was gonna
No Denim (but loved this vid). Hilarious, you calling out the nit-picking commenters!  Also, when you light-cure, I beleive it's visible light, not UV. ;)
The amount of people still arguing about damascus is so funny. Cam has not mastered wood working, hes mastered youtube! He annoys the one group of people that he knows will chime off in the comments, thus boosting his video in the algorithm. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 GENIUS.
2:01 pffftt hahahahaha 😂. Thank you Cam!  Always sayin what I’m thinkin 😅. 25:44 hahaha
Denim  - love it! I especially enjoy your sarcasm and how you gently tear the woke/keyboard warrior culture apart! 🤣🤣 You lay it out for us to play it out Cam. Great job yet again!
Denim please! What the fuck did he do now?! Haahahaah this is insane! Looks like im on Psilocybin
Super obscure! but I kept thinking about the King Gizzard And The Lizard Wizard song "Laminated Denim" all throughout the video. Cool piece Also
Denim- now I want to make a countertop with denim.
I do love Micarta!
Denim.  Is the fuzz caused by pulling the hot epoxy through the cold denim layers?
Loved this project Cam, the epoxy pour at 21 minutes was beautiful. I think a hand-carved natural-looking base for this table might have looked more cohesive with the pattern on the table. Still amazing end product 👌
so  if i spill something do i have to use a washing machine ??
Another totally fascinating video, well done.
Denim. Carbon fiber <--- Damascus Carbon fiber?!
Denim. Don’t typically leave comments. Just want to say that looks really cool!
Actually it's only "Denim" if it's made in the Denim region of France.
jable
Too light in color to my taste, maybe if the white islands would be black
Denim
Stunning
No denim- it’s racist.
When the dude starts the video whining about the comments section I know this channel won't be a staple of my life...
You would sell a bazillion of those during the hippy era! Looks awesome! 👍🏻 just took a peek at your site about the table, I have to get back on those sales in the hippy era…. There ain’t no hippy that can buy that!
17k feels a little insane.
if it's anything like kevlar (which does something similar) when you cut it, the denim is resistant to shear and the epoxy is not so at a microscopic level you're essentially braking the epoxy around the denim fibers which themselves don't perfectly cut through leaving you with the fuzz you're describing.
Denim. I was dissapointed when I Saw you made another denim table and Did not think I would enjoy it. But wow!
Always love your videos sir! Long, long time viewer. This one blew me out of the water thought you know it’ll be expensive but maybe I’ll buy this one.. 17k? Adjusted title - I made a Damascus denim art table. Probably still a deal passed on the hours of work, just some sticker shock.
If you wash the denim and remove the sizing you’ll have a better absorption of the epoxy within the fibers.  I know that’s daunting with the amount of denim you’re using.  Just use plain soap no softener and I would line hang them, don’t use a tumble dryer.   I don’t know how humidity affects epoxy, but I do wonder about the layers delaminating kinda like melamine when exposed and with the sizing contributing to that.  Edit:  It is gorgeous and something you should explore further.   Make a topography map of Mordor or some other D&D map!  There’s a lot you can do with the technique.  Well done
Denim love it..
Denim
❤I love it
the breather cloth is to keep an airway open for the vacuum to get through the whole bag, instead of pulling a vacuum in one section and sealing in an air pocket.
Denim ! I'm really liking that table top. It's almost got a tie dyed effect to it that's calling out to my inner hippy. I'm not quite as enamoured with the base though. It looks just a little too spindly to my eye.  I do wonder about the long term life expectancy of a table like this though. Like, will the resin eventually yellow from UV exposure? Or what's the chances of the denim (Or some chemical within it's dye) having a slow reaction with the resin?  In todays world, most people don't think about this sort of thing, because furniture has almost become "Disposable" in many folks minds, but I tend to buy furniture that I'll only need to buy ONCE, so the idea of the furniture becoming unusable before I choose to no longer use it doesn't fit well in my head.
When you are placing your vacuum line fitting, place the fitting base under the uncut vacuum bag and push the bag down tight against the fitting and cut a small cross slit in the center using the hole in the fitting base as a stopping point for your blade. This is how we do it when we lay up aircraft carbons structures at my job, works great and we never have to put tacking tape around our fittings
Denim, you must remeber, this is unique, and the paterns will never be repeated, that is just that, as with damascus, you never get the same patern twice  Keep up the awsome videos, love watching you work here from South Africa
Great job !
Please use usb-c
"What the f*ck did you make now" 😆
WOW!
make one out of a giant granny square crochet afghan.  jk.  what about a badass quilt, though? maybe one with machined feather quiting?  Ask your wife what she thinks.
Kinda hilarious that you have spent almost a minute uncorrecting someone who was correcting you. maybe it goes both ways.
i rarely comment anything on any video but this looks just phenomenal! wow
Cam, i think the reason the denim feels soft is because the epoxy do not enfuse the fisical strands, but in between the strands, so after planning, you can still feel the denim because the epoxy filled the cavitys between the woven material.
Denim, I guess. The roundover is a little too much for my taste and I’m kinda on the fence about whether I would want a denim table. However, it looks cool, your craftsmanship is great, and the videos are entertaining! So keep following your inspiration!
Talking about it getting fuzzy, I paint still life on MDF and that stays fuzzy too, even after a few layers of gesso (gesso is a layer of chalky paint, basically). Any tips on what I could to keep the fuzziness down so I use less gesso would be great! Thanks :)
Ein Kommentar
Denim videos for sure.. Cam that is an absolutely beautiful desk. It has inspired me and my wife to make some denim coasters and serving trays and possibly some smaller tables ourselves. Thank you Cam for the awesome videos and sharing your work and teachings.
I was not prepared for the f bomb but I want crazy
More denim
Denim. Leather. Absolutely great video and table.
Denim - I like that you are experimenting and trying new stuff.  I have always enjoyed your content and your attitude towards creating.  For a project idea what about doing a woven wood pattern in the denim,  Like a honeycomb pattern or a diamond pattern.
More denim. Or silk moire.
Denim Great work men
Looks great. I like the more artistic projects that you do.
Looks amazing. As always. And you've created a new sustainable wood alternative with "cotton fiber wood"!
Denim .. for sure. Maybe some different. Colored denim mixed in ? Or even acid washed denim and dying it brighter colors for later highlights? Lots of ideas for this “Damascus” layers style that could look cool perhaps. 👍
"denim grain"  dead
Denim! Lots of potential. Keep experimenting.
Bro you have mad skills, a true work of art...💯👍👊
Bad ass table keep it up. I would like to try this on some drink coasters some day.
you can get the air out far better if you use a thin layer of plastic on top of your material and then lay breather cloth over the whole sheet, and fit your fitting off to the side so you dont make a dent in the material, itll go dead flat  i know a family business thats fantastic on all forms of composites and resin layup type production, hmu if you wanna talk :)
That looks great! Its a bit too wild for me, I'm more of a minimalist, but i can appreciate how totally awesome it is. Where the table top meets the base? Perfection!
Wow! I have seen this denim method done by knife makers for the handles, never seen anyone make a table. Great job,  looks fantastic. hope to see more of this.
I like it so much that I'm tempted to try the technique myself! I'm a Buddhist monk and have access to lots of used burgundy coloured cotton material.Thanks for sharing.
“ the largest epoxy & denim YouTube page”… 👍 good one
Your mean look at the camera at the end of the video leaves me with some serious Lex Luther vibes. 😂 Maybe there are some auditions coming up!
Looks amazing!
Denim really does make for an insanely cool material. I feel pretty confident in saying that choosing the highest contrast in fabric color really made the damascuslike pattern what it is.
Denim, looks cool man
denim
Denim - I like round overs but you did go one too far. I also think you need to make a denim chair to go with the next table.
I think you are interested to sale the Damascus Denim Table and you are from the U.S. So I need to know is it possible to ship it to Europe or Asia ? Doesn’t matter, may  be through ship consignment !  Would you mind to tell the price of  the table, please.
You forgot to mention who Scott is 😂
Just an idea. With the fuzzy denim top. Use a stay on waterproofer like for leather, sail cloth, or in this case denim. I attempted something similar with a large canvas. Applied it to a smaller side table top. Seemed to have worked
When you add the layer of tabletop epoxy at 20:56... 😮❤💯🔥👍🏽💪🏽
Denim! Does that mean I can I use N3 nano on my denim trousers as well for extra protection against spilling drinks?
You should build an entire botched breast augmentation boobie table.
Denim is way too busy 0:02
Denim micarta.
May what you wish on others be returned to you 100 fold.
Denim. Damascus or not i realy liked this it turned out great
Denim! But yeah, maybe leave off the continent of Africa next time (from the comments you highlight at the end of your videos I'm guessing there's a whole segment of viewers who would say "Huh? Africa? What's that?) but the botched breast augmentation? Nah, that was the best part. Of course.
Denim is awesome. I bet it feels amazing. Have a great week friends!
I sit and wait in anticipation for your next vid, smashed it as always
Denin.    BTW, did you make all the tables and side tables in your house?
Denim, in black would be cool.
Denim - that was really cool.  Maybe a black and gray denim with fewer islands next time.  And you are right - no one likes the “That’s not Kleenex.  It’s just generic tissue” person.  We consistently mock that person.  Don’t be that person.
Can u make the world map in a denim table?
Denim....! You have a very creative mindset.  I Love watching your channel. Thanks for taking a risk! It's beautiful!
Wow, very ugly table. What a waste of time.
i like a lot this table, i love the feel of that damascus vibe (sorry idk how to say damascus), im only saying that for my personal taste, the peaces of wood that you placed at the start below the denim could be a little bit less tall. This is just my personal thought dont take it too much seriously, you are the best
No denim I'd watch you build anything, but I miss your good old wood projects. Nothing beats that moment you add a finish and the color pops
Amazing!!!
Beautiful
'Denim' originated as a contraction of the French phrase serge de Nîmes ('serge from Nîmes'). Just so you know what you should really be calling it. 😂
the DEMIN top looks amazing! Not too psychedelic if you imagine it on some big terrace. But the base is not really giving the top credit, in my personal opinion. I believe a centered base would have been beneficial to the overall look. Tastes are different though...
I like the top denim part...the base leaves something to be desired and looks really cheap..maybe some kjnd of antique-ish metal rustic type look....certainly/definitely not worth the $17k i saw your asking....i like your narration....that part about the tiny screws was hilarious...job well done sir.
This table does NOT look like something you could find at Ikea for $40. Mainly that's because Ikea doesn't sell anything like this.  Just messing around - great creation here, Cam - always enjoy your work, brother!
2:45 hey man……………*deep Ace Ventura breath*…………. . . . . . . . . .  ……….you forgot Igloo.      *yes I spaced it out with dots to be a proper internet dick 😂😂😂😂
This table looks absolutely awesome!!!
I’m sure somebody is going to find denim dust toxic.  Awesome table love your out of the box thinking.
Виглядає дуже прикольно 👍 Мені подобається це 👍
denim looks great, what about trying other materials now or doing a live while doing them so I can watch you more? like layering other materials and epoxy them. cheers man youve been an amazing help in my woodworking journey, all the way from Perth Australia.
Вот ведь как. А раньше это назвали бы текстолитом))))
Denim. Love the innovative approach to trying new materials. Would love to see a design crossover with Ben Inuyeda @homemademodern
I bet you could get a tighter pattern without wood blocks and by scrunching up the layers.
Love your videos and your sense of humor. The fact that you show your fails even if client sees it and still wants your work, tells a lot about you and your work ( just how good it is). Love this piece a lot, but since i love colour black i think the black frame would look better.
OK, I love the table. And I have loved your channel for quite some time. After I watched this video (all the way through, I might add). the very next recommendation Was the original Sherlock Holmes Robert Downey Jr. the pieces fit together so perfectly.... you look like the bad guy from Sherlock holmes. So even the algorithm knows this!
love that you vacuum bagged this one
Velvet + silk Damascus next❤
Love love love your channel, craftsman’s and humor 😊 this turned out gorgeous!
Love the denim!
This is just micarta. Nothing new boys.
Love the combination of skill and creativity. Probably my favourite video yet!
DENIM, DENIM, DENIM, ALL THE WAY. Hey, it looks GREAT!!!! I'm thinking of a great deal of other applications for that as well; not just table tops. Cabinet Door Handles, Gear Shift Knobs. If it could be made of wood ... it COULD BE made with the Denim. Think of the possibilities....
Denim. Time to try all the Damascus patterns; raindrop, ladder, shark's tooth, and mosaic.
Denim!❤❤❤ What an exceptional, funkey looking pattern. This is a fantastic looking piece of furniture. Well done. Your viewer base is not just professionals, there is also total dummies like me that know nothing of woodworking but we find channels about woodworking of all kinds very facinating. Thanks for sharing!
I agree with Scott. To big
Denim!  Keep them coming! Switch it up. Denim table base and a wood top.
Denim is as timeless as woods, Looks great, champion on.
Sorry, this seems like a big waste of time. Its nice though what you can do when you have every tool and piece of equipment that money can buy. Makes things go a lot easier.
what does that comment at the end mean though?my english is not perfect
2:42 that's quite a list. good thing "geothermal" isn't on the list, because the vast majority of "geothermal" systems are not actually geothermal. IOW, the heat does not come from deep inside the earth, it is solar heat that has been stored in the ground. and yes, there is a difference.
Loved this project!  Crazy that it only took you 30min from start to finish!  Also, this wasn't on your list, but a clip is not a magazine and a magazine is not a clip 🙂
Lovely table. For the next one, I might have tried some more variance in the wooden "blobs" that made the damascus. Meybe try varying it by having some pieces be a little shorter or have some pieces with a shallower angle. That way you could get more differing line patterns where some denim lines are thicker, in the end product.
Denim, this is interesting but the base seems too basic…almost like you bought some cheap wood from Home Depot and made a quick base out of it with no finish.
Denim.  When I was vacuum infusing, the mold/lay-up table would be gel coated, and we made a seal to the mold (like the example video shown) rather than making a bag around the whole thing.  Also, better placement of pucks and using a flow sheet would make it more consistent. Placing feed pucks in the center and pulling to the edges works well on a big thick laminate.  I've never laminated denim, but kevlar remains fuzzy like that.  You might also do multiple laminations with a fraction of the material at a time.  It will require prep in between, but you'll probably get better saturation.
Denim! I have to say that I love the color shift when the sanded top is wetted with the finish and the color went from that light blue to the deep blue and black. Wow. Eye popping! I love watching your channel. Your modesty shifts quite a bit keeping us all entertained, especially when you call out the whiners. Thanks.  As a small suggestion... what about other textiles? I have an extreme hatred of corduroy. I'm not saying it would be an interesting texture, just that I wouldn't mind seeing sheets of it demoralized in epoxy and ground down to something more beautiful than itself.
I love micarta videos!
a tip that i use with small pieces like that is screwing them to a larger piece that you can handle better, that works since you wond need the underside to be intact., sorry for the bad english im not native.. seeing that is just really scary to me since a friend lost his finger that way...
You have all this materials , allah ybarek in chaa allah, you must found how to not lose epoxy easly ! 😅
Great idea, amazing result. Well done!!
I missed the list.. so I am rather NOT going to correct you. I will just watch.
Denim all the way!
Its like customizing the grain on the wood, love the result
"... and I hope bad things happen to you."   What an absolutely horrible thing to say!  You could have got your point across by just saying no one cares what they say. I might just be one person(and I'm sure you couldn't care less) but I stopped the video right there and unsubscribed.
Great job base doesn't  do anything for it, Needs a standout base like you usually do, great work though .
Prolly wanna elevate that router table above the family jewels,  just an  observation! 😮
I wouldn't dream of correcting your wording, host.  Never.  That would be gauche.  Rude.  And classless.  Simply inconceivable.  Beyond the pale.  OMG.  I would however note your proclivity for stitching sentences together with *and* all the time.  Endlessly.  Forever.
This is one of those things you’re not sure about the need for it but 100% satisfied with the result
Denim!! This turned out wayyyy better than I was imagining. And I vote for more non-wood material builds. In all of your spare time, check out designer Jorge Penadés work with leather scraps. I’d love to see your take on something like that.
Love the channel and you look like Agent 47 at the end😂
Denim fun to watch.  And it was weird you looking at the camera
Denim. More denim. Colors would be amazing. I know it’s outside your norm, but man. That would be epic.
Denim. This was fascinating and the end result is amazing.
The pattern looks too deliberate to me, id love to see one where you let the fabric wrinkle without putting forms under it
Denim, for sure. Makes you look like a hip mob boss sitting  at that  table.  I love it.
My 7 year old daughter said she loves your table and doesn't think you rounded the corners too much. I think it was a brilliant idea and a good first piece.
Def denim. I'm going to be in soooo much trouble for watching this rather than chores, ah well.  You like building stuff for ease. Re resin application, I've seen glue applicators for timber where you have a reservoir below where the roller sits inside the reservoir. I've not thought it out completely but if you incorporate a clothes mangle system to pull the material through and the glue bucket roller plus a helpful camera man a decent battery drill with a hex drive to power it and you may have a semi automated resin applicator. I think that if your mangle has adjustable tension you might get enough pressure to force your resin into the fibres which is where I think your fuzzy fibres comes from.  Thanks for posting. Always talk all the way through it.
I used to do vacuum injection overmolding of PCBs for oil well drilling equipment.  We did bagging, solid molds, and a combination of the two.  One thing that came in super handy was over sizing the vacuum pump.  I got one of the highest flow pumps off Amazon that I could find.  It was used for A/C work, so it needed to be modded slightly to work with molding.  But, it made large vacuum projects so much easier than these compressed air pumps.
I wasn't really onboard with this idea until it went through the planer and started exposing those layers. After that, I see exactly why you did this. That pattern is incredible.
Denim! I wasn't sure I liked the effect until you poored the first bit of table top epoxy on it at around 20:52 and the colours lit up. Holy shit Cam, this looks so good!
Simplifiying things that dont need to be complicated is not underengineering, its good engineering.
I have a solution for you; use quotations for "Damascus" or call it "denimascus"
"No one likes you" hahaha couldn't be more correct.  Great video, that small piece on the router was a little scary, glad it worked out.
Denim, more Denim. With wood worked into the top. Again, very nice work.
What the hell is a "Fluffernutter"? I'm scared to Google it as it sounds like it could be something that could land me on some sort of government watch list. :D
Denim! This is one of the best things you’ve made!
The finish is making me feel things😅
Watching you paint the denim layers reminds me of my experiences making baklava. Each thin layer of dough being painted with hot butter and caaaarefully stacked 😂 the things we do for love
looks good, just drill a hole in it and it's a milking table 👌
denim- although I think a khaki color would look amazing as well
denim yes looks interesting
I'll add "solar generator" to that list. We know it's not a generator but it's so much easier to say then "several large capacity batteries connected to an inverter"
DENIM....but not all blue... Picture, if you will. "Light to dark" denim is the sea, then "sandy" coloured denim for sand/beach then, like, "land" coloured for the land. I mean do I have to go on? Painting by denim. Tada
Denim. The table is Amazing work. I was shocked  looking at the result  came out of wood planner. The contour pattern , the colour, you are really gifted man.
Demon love it
Can you show or explain the air filter box under the jointer?
If you're asking why it gets fuzzy after being sanded the reason is because it's a softer fabric in comparison to carbon fiber and fiber glass.... It sounds much like Kevlar
One of my most favorite things about your channel is that you say what we are all thinking. The denim "DAMASCUS " came out amazing. Thanks for taking us along 👍.
Denim............its beautiful thanks
wasnt keen on the Last denim table this one is sexy!! more denim please!
Denim.  Definitely denim.  Using black and white denim in your layers would look cool as well.  Easily said from someone not spending the money on it.  Amazing job as usual!
My husband was watching this one yesterday and I watched with him.. .but had to come leave a comment (read compliment) bc this table came out BEAUTIFULLY, Cam..it is so freaking cool!❤😊🤌
It is very beautiful. I am a great fan of your work. I can’t afford it but may be someday. Enjoy life and build more awesome stuff.
Denim! That diatribe on corrections was just chefs kiss beautiful. Thanks as always Cam.
Denim! All your stuff is so cool!
Denim - id love to see you do more of these and one day ill be able to spot only afford to be a patron member but purchase one of your works . Also my lowly opinion doesn't matter but totally agree with your channel not being a how to... I in no way shape or form make or will ever start making epoxy things or table desk things but its nice to pop on one of your videos and zone out... the day can be super hectic so this is like my white noise ... no thinking just enjoying your work... kinda like how you did the no talk over video before ... its a good vibe and always love the outcome so keep it up man.
Denim! I love watching you experiment with new techniques. This turned out great!
Well that came up much better than I expected. Nice one.
Demon I wouldn’t call this a table I would call this a desk as no one can sit across from you because of the desk frame on the bottom (chair can’t slid in) I enjoy this video and the finish on this desk is way nicer than previous ones
DENIM  Visually, I expect to touch the top and feel a cloth texture like a tucked corner, military style bed make. The bounce a quarter off of it style. Fascinating finish that I do really like. Next denim table should have an overhang like a table cloth on a dining room table.
I BELIEVE YOU MEAN PATTERN-WELDED DENIM
Does anybody know what the movable storage shelves are called?
Denim - maybe you'll figure out some way to code a message into the resulting pattern?  Can't help seeing "boobs on glass" all over that table now.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Denim looks great !!!
Denim, such a unique concept and they look so good, of course what people actually want is for you to do things you enjoy too. So mix it in and keep yourself happy
Denim, starting the vid with a sweet ass roast was the best, love your videos.
Denim. Looks nice. And doing something different is nice.
The top is amazing! Would love to see more! But the base doesn’t do it for me. I think it should have been darker like the last table you made, the blue with dark wood looked so nice.
$17,000 for a table? hahahahaha might as well let me pay u $37,000 for it. lol
But again the description and detail is captivating, I’m not any level of woodworker… but your description makes me feel capable!
ur such a douche. fake Damascus is not real Damascus and you should respect the history of it
Awesome work. Try brown coloured denim too.
I’m imagining a table like this at a race track, and you could have the track layout as a “black layer”, the run off’s a different colour, and the green spaces, all from this technique.
denim (green)
So refreshing hearing someone just call out the internet wankers man hell yeah just watch the damn video
this looks sleek! i see it in some fancy office
So you go around hoping bad things happen to other people? Who corrects you when you, rightly so I might add, which you also point out yourself, use incorrect terms about the things you make. I'm not saying you don't make cool things, or that the people who told you your terms was incorrect, didn't do so in a bad manner. But you should, as a public person with millions of subscribers, choose the high-road, not sink to their level. and report them instead. I wish you the best of luck with your endeavors in the future.
I admit, that I cannot always tell, if you are sarcastic or not, so I might have misunderstood the message;     I do not get, how a craftsman can discard the proper use of technical terms - correcting someone using terms wrong is education, not condescending. How would you feel/react if someone called every handheld tool with an edge a chisel?     Terminology is there to make for better, more accurate communication and better understanding, and disregarding it does not show respect for the crafts.    Stay safe 👍
Corduroy. This table is really unique, and I enjoyed the process!
That is so cool.  WOW!  Love it.
More denim!!! I love watching your vids and while I never thought I would be your target audience, over a while of watching I have grown so fond of your humor and seeing all your creations come to life!! Especially because I don’t always agree with your decisions but you like them or learn from them and I like that just as much :) you never bore me that’s for sure! Some of the easiest videos to watch from start to beginning and be entertained the entire time. Thanks for making such wonderful videos and work!!! ❤
Ever thought of making a pool table
Denim ,  Cam what was your most satifying reveal ? eg 20:55 when you revealed the pattern when sealing with epoxy .👌
Denim, could you make a  decent repeated pattern in denimascus?
Amazing work Congrats !
Denim. Just a great video. I have built a few tables some epoxit some not and your videos are super inspiring and helpful for a jung beginner wood worker. Thank you.
Denim - the next piece could be Denim with some Copper or Brass worked in somewhere to pay homage to Denim Jeans , would look amazeballs 😀
Denim. That table is beautiful. You are a thoughtful, creative artist. One thing. If I was your mother, (and I well could be), I would tell you to be careful about being harsh with the commenters that are critical or act like experts. No matter the reason for their foolishness, when you are hurtful in response, you are giving in to a part of yourself for which you will ultimately feel shame. It’s not worth the moment of satisfaction when making us laugh at them.  That said, you are pretty funny. Thank you for your excellent content.
Denim, great video! Thee reason it becomes fuzzy is because of the peelply you are using. The ply is leaving its texture on the denim and is absorbing some of the extra epoxy
Denim!  But I’d actually like to see more fabrics integrated in. Go buy all the clearance rack fabric bolts at a sewing store. Also use different angles on the edges of the islands so some ‘topo lines’ are closer together, some are further apart.
Denim! But the legs are... for lack of a better word, lazy.
denim, i loved the denim top and it was a great video, but i didn't understand the choice of the stand. Was it to balance with the complexity of the damascus top, or u just put all the effort on the top and no time and energy left for the base ? anyways great project and i hope to see more !!
Denim I love to see a black dark black denim with some really dark blues and every 10th layer maybe a very light denim get the ratios so that you have these pops of light but these deep, dark rivers running around them I think that would be interesting. Be well be you
Denim! Just really Amazing
Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim    Denim  Denim  Denim  🤩
Denim. It is always interesting.  I think I can explain the soft feel after cutting.  With the cloth not having its own rigid structure the resin fills the voids and makes the structure. When you cut it the resin is removed in a violent way while the cloth can move so there are longer pieces of fiber sticking out giving the soft feel.
Denim. No further questions.
Denim, the combination of epoxy and denim looks absolutely stunning! I'm always amazed by your creativity and craftsmanship. Keep up the amazing work!
Denim, tbh i hated the legs during the video but the finished product looks nice. Good job as always 🔥
Denim.  Give a small piece away for the followers 😉 Very nice job
In case you're wondering why the denim acts like an extremely dense hardwood you made a material known as textolite, textolite is made by layering tightly woven cotton fiber sheets upon one another and then infusing them with a resin while tightly compressing them in this case with the vacuum bag, so you could say you are the largest textolite youtube channel,  P.S. I have a suggestion for another project for you, try making a bench with this stuff
Denim/No Denim Base is understated for the top doesn't seem that it would be very durable laterally.
I love the look of that table.  You are a true artist!  ❤
I love the experimental videos you do, especially the denim. It looks amazing! I'd love to see you match the White Oak with a Blue stain to make the whole unit flow from top to bottom. Keep up the great content Cam and Scott.
I really like it but the wooden part at the bottom could be nicer and cooler made, it looks like there was not put as much effort at the bottom, when you look to the top, btu it looks very very very nice! Good Work!
That last look at the camera gave some definite Buffalo Bill wibes!
Denim. I prefer the previous denim table - in fact, I ADORRRRE that table. This is too loud for my personal tastes. Looks like some sort of animal hide! That said, absolutely cannot deny the workmanship. Definitely yes to more denim projects in the future.
No denim. Dear Cam, I believe your comment section has been taken over by some bot factory. There cannot be that many real people who like tables made of blue fabric.
Definitely more denim or something like that. Did wonder if you had layers of white denim would it look good or would the blue bleed into the white and make a blurry mess.
Can you make any table and make audio of it soo i can listen to it on spotify while driving? Thanks in advance
this is definitely an improvement since the last denim table
No denim. She does not like the dark blue spots and I prefer seeing woodwork.
Denim / this is amazing
Denim😊 Aussie subscriber. Fascinating use of fabric.
Excellent work, great innovation and a beautiful piece of furniture.
That's not damascus, it's micarta
Denim,   good inovation, altough i think the base is a bit IKEA ... :P
19:35 "wtf did you make now" The perfect summary of your channel, but for some reason its one of the best things that have ever happened to the internet. Keep it up Cam!
DENIM. DEFINITELY DENIM! This denim phase is my favorite so far! I FREAKIN LOVE IT! Cheers from Italy! 🤌🤌
Denim  I think it looks realy cool and I would like to see a nice big dining table like this.
unacceptable, the subtitles said 'scott' and not 'scott the camera guy'
Denim Looks Awesome dude More pls
Definitely denim….
dennem
Denim. Don't look at the camera like that Cam! Creepy much! 🤣🤣🤣 More denim tables would be great on your (now) entertainment channel. I don't love the white oak base, but the contrast really highlights the welded - I mean, Damascus demin table top! I'd love to see more of these.
No Denim, because THAT is the most hideous table top ever.
Denim!! So glad you are experimenting and playing around with different finished and different materials. It's so fun and inspiring to watch your creativity.
I couldn't agree more, this is a how NOT to channel jokes aside, this is not a damascus denim table, but rather a pattern laminated denim table
Coming in from Europe and i must say that piece you made is absolute phenomenal. I just looked up the price you set up for the table and with the knowlege on how to make such pieces of art and how much time and effort it costs to build it I must say its absolutely fair. I thought it'd be even higher. Great job so far and I hope you keep on testing the limits of woodworking.
More denim. That being said when we make steel damascus we don't always alternate every layer. Sometimes we want a bold line of bright steel or a bold line of dark steel and so we alternate light, dark, light, etc and then put 2 to 4 pieces of dark in a row and then continue with the alternating pattern. Might be worthwhile taking a 12 inch square of the denim to try an make some small practice patterns. The other idea is doing something like a mosaic damascus and creating a pattern then "tile-ing" out the squares in a specific fashion for a replicating pattern which you could then epoxy all together. J Hopefully that all makes sense in the written form. Loved both of the denim tables you have done so far. Thanks for sharing Cam.
Denim, 100%. Great looking table, great entertainment every time I watch your videos. Wish you all the best.
nice table denim
here's an idea: instead of a random pattern as the base, why not use a large enough cnc router to convert an image into a denim-or-whatever-fabric table?
Denim   loved it.  Was a fantastic exploration of something new.  Thanks for the great video.
The jable
Denim. Its beautiful.  You have out done yourself
Denim - Does anyone else see a cartoony winking Batman in that table top?
Denim - Must have more denim ❤
so fucking cool. Amazed when it went through the planer how good it came out. Love to see you try other materials. You're an innovator!
Denim looks class as always Cam
Denim - Always impressed with the amount of work that goes into each of your videos!! #1 Denim Table maker on youtube for sure
Denim. What would tartan look like?
Pretty neat idea, I'm sure some people will love it. One thing's for sure, you sure have a knack for making me watch your videos - they are entertaining!
If this were a how to-channel, you would get even more correcting comments.   Btw, some of us have our brains wired in a way that makes it chafe a lot more when someone uses alternative words for things. Please bear with us, we're a great resource in the right circumstances (not very often though).   Love the video, I identify with the high of realising the potential projects available ❤  Greetings from IKEA-country 😜
Absolument superbe et unique.
Denim
Denim
Linoleum is a brand name and not vynal Lol. Gotta love sales guys giving us installers a good griefing.
Beautiful!  Can't wait to see what's next.
Shames me to have to be one of those people... But it really aggravated me to hear you call it Damascus...   It is called Micarta.
Denim for sure, it's definitely always interesting to see what you come up with man. Maybe something to check into for some inspiration is the fact that this is the exact same way micarta scales for knife handles are made. Sometimes they use Denim but it's also a lot of other materials like burlap or just layering multiple pieces of dyed wood or veneer with epoxy...also as a towboater, I applaud your uncensored liberal use of the word "fuck" 😂😂😂 keep the snowflakes crying lol ✌️🤙
The reason the top is fuzzy is cause its at too coarse of a sanding grit. Micarta will be fuzzy till about 400-600 grit, so a higher sanding grit will help solve the problem and give a nicer finish.
As for what’s happening with the fuzzy part after planning: being in mechanical engineering has taught me a few things specifically about saturations and different materials. For example in chemistry you can change the maximum amount of sugar that can be dissolved in water by changing the temperature. For some fluids, as temperatures increase, you can add more, and for others it's the opposite, whereas temperature increases you can't add more. But I feel like something like this might be happening, with the epoxy, but with the pressure the denim would be under.   The best bet to really figure out what affects this the most, is to do an experiment where you infuse a 1ft x 1ft, by probably 1.5 to 1 inch thick set of denim. And after you can spread epoxy on the denim as you normally do. Now I'd have one where you just leave the block without any pressure , one with clamping pressure, and another with the vacuum pressure. After this and letting the epoxy set, you can cut the blocks in half (end up with 2 blocks, 6in x 12in to see each layer of denim, however instead of doing this vertically cut it on a 45 to make the layers more visible, and see if there is a difference! If there isn't it could be another factor at play like temperature or humidity  Side note I am no expert on this as you but this is my best advice as to why this might be happening. But in short what I think is the pressure that is affecting the amount of epoxy soaked into the denim. Hope this gives you some ideas!  But there’s a possibility that resin when hardening doesn’t actually harden in the fabric but all around each fibre.
Denim. Def more denim!
wood end tables with denim legs! ❤❤
Denim,  best part was “ nobody likes you”
To avoid the big darker or lighter areas next time you could round off the ply even further so there are no flat bits. Could just use the arbour tech and go free hand instead of the router bit.
Denim
❤the tabletop Not a real fan of the base (❤ the one on the first table tho)  Keep us taking on your journey of how to try/do things.  Its possible to be creatieve, not to be perfect❤
absolutely lovely work there... I would have left a little overhang though, to not have that camper van look btw that camera stare at the end has some serious Lex Luthor vibe xD
Denim. Damascus denim. You continue to amaze.
You missed ski-doo...
This isn’t actually Damascus because in order to unlock that you need to have built a platinum desk, platinum chair, and platinum coffee table. But at least that denim will be silky smooth on your soft hands brother!
I'm a quiet viewer, but you've got yourself a deserved downvote and unsub for the second section of the video. I'm really disappointed in you.
Denim is the best material
I am on team no-denim. I think that what you are doing is really cool and unique, but I would really like to see you do more with wood tables. One thing that you might try is a new patchwork table, but have an almost checkerboard wood layout, or lay out different types of wood in a spiral.
Denim. I love the table it's giving 60s vibes.
Absolute masterpiece ❣
Denim
Denim! I think you might have a niche marketing idea there! I really liked how it turned out!
"A denim table?! That's stup... Wait, It's Blacktail 🤓 This is gonna be good!"
I wondered how Damascus steel might have some links to the fabric -  the latter is called Damask as a particular type of fabric for clothing.  So I checked out the possibility on the Internet. Here is what I found. Damask fabric was once very valued in the west as suitable for table clothes and cloth serviettes. The damask fabric is revered in Indi and Arab countries for special formal occasions.   The origin of the name "Damascus Steel" is contentious: the Islamic scholars al-Kindi (full name Abu Ya'qub ibn Ishaq al-Kindi, circa 800 CE – 873 CE) and al-Biruni (full name Abu al-Rayhan Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Biruni, circa 973 CE – 1048 CE) both wrote about swords and steel made for swords, based on their surface appearance, geographical location of production or forging, or the name of the smith, and each mentions "damascene" or "damascus" swords to some extent.  Drawing from al-Kindi and al-Biruni, there are three potential sources for the term "Damascus" in the context of steel:  Al-Kindi called swords produced and forged in Damascus as Damascene but it is worth noting that these swords were not described as having a pattern in the steel. Al-Biruni mentions a sword-smith called Damasqui who made swords of crucible steel.  The most common explanation is that steel is named after Damascus, the capital city of Syria and one of the largest cities in the ancient Levant. It may either refer to swords made or sold in Damascus directly, or it may just refer to the aspect of the typical patterns, by comparison with Damask fabrics (also named for Damascus), or it may indeed stem from the root word of "damas".
Denim for sure. I’m going to have to watch your other video about it as I liked the way it looked in the clips. Laminated looks with such contrast are always amazing
Denim. For sure I want to see more of this stuff. It’s fun and crazy. You could make a denim trunk for a denim quilt and run a big drive for donations of used denim in the community.
Cam you slayed it as per normal.   Amazing creativity.   Kudos to you and your 2IC, who helps lift heavy things and always gets your best side.
The base would appeal a little better if made of copper or brass, fits a little more harmonic to the jeans look.
No Denim - try using different Playdoh colours mixed with epoxy
Denim 👍
I think you should try another fabric like leather. Do a faux leather or recycled. Maybe an ostrich leather that could mimic a birdseye maple.
A black & white version would look amazing.
Denim-really cool table.
Denim projects are cool Cam! Let's see what you can create!
Denim!! This is so beautiful, wow!!
Denim
Denim please!
Builder choice. wood or denim you do great work. just a suggestion if you do more and want small round parts. Use a hand router and just us to screws through a second piece of wood that you can clamp down. may take you a minute longer but safer.  Sorry just the old EMT in me.  But I think that it looks great with the dark and white layers.
Denim, multicolored, blues, blacks, stone wash,  acid wash, frayed, ripped, fabric sheets, actual jeans, maybe even overalls.  Jean me up, Scotty!
how about denim and wood in the same slab
One nice idea! So delightful seeing you working pure art. Thanks alot.
I didn't cruise all the comments, but I think the fuzzy denim feel you got may be because the fiber is finer than wood fibers. I'm guessing that wood effectively burnishes when you get to the fine grits. I also think that since you got very little excess epoxy out in the vacuum process, the denim wasn't 100% saturated, so the fibers were a wee bit freer or unbound. So, maybe it is effectively water resistant, but not totally free of microscopic air pockets. Looks great, though! I've done the same effect with layered clay and made small stoneware bowls. I prefer the wood top builds better than the denim. Just my style preference.
boring to earing him complain about others at 2:26
yapping
I live outside Damascus in Gresham..keep content coming please
Absolutely denim!  You are a talented artist and the result is amazing even though it feels a little too psychedelic for you.
Denim. This could be hanging up on the wall of Levi' head offices/showroom. Art on a table, so incredible!
Denim. I watched it and still have no idea how that worked. Well done
Ooooh. I think its possible to make a map of some sorts using this technique.
More denim
Denim ,ot course ❤
phew, charging 17,000 us dollars for this table is crazy, figured a few thousand. but hey if it sells it sells i guess. not hating on the amount of work you put in, just could never picture spending almost 20 grand on a single table even if i was rich as hell, unless it was like solid marble, stand and all.
Denim table came out great!
buddy doin the jable
Amazing. You rock, never change!!
Одна из лучших столешниц что есть на этом канале👍
Denim, it looks amazing as always!
Denim, like the table top but not so keen about the base. The fit of the top to the base is very nice. Question, can the N3 Nano be used over Arm r Seal?
The top is amazing, and I hope we more of this in the future. The legs were a bit too simple, and I think a dark walnut would been a better combo. But, you're the king. The best 👌
There is nothing better to watch then creative people being creative😊
Denim - Wow that is awesome.  I love your content.  I've seen your other build and it inspired me to make my own but because I wasn't sure how to finish it I didn't.  So thank you for the finishing idea.
Its amazing, however it also looks like a cheap formica finish, i dont say that to put it down in ANYWAY, it is beautiful, but if you didn't know the work that went into it, you would wonder why somone has a plastic top on that fine timber frame. Your work is a cut above, i think you need a better material, denim is too basic for your quality.
Denim, denim, denim, Oh yah denim!!!
No idea if anyone has suggested this yet, but there is an easier way to do a wet layup to get a more even distribution of epoxy through the cloth. wet it out on a flat surface and use a spreader to press the epoxy into the fabric, and push the excess epoxy of the side into a recovery container to use on the next layer. You can then transfer the wet out cloth to the mold, and it will be ready for the next layer on top. Potentially you could do up multiple layers, maybe up to 5 (note I've not ever made a denim damascus table, so my estimate on layer count may be off from working with fiberglass) and still be able to shape the cloth fairly well. Especially with the vacuum forming compressing down uniformly.  Hope I didn't come off like a jackass trying to share a potentially useful tip.
Denim: Pretty awesome!
Ive watched you for years Cam. Hearing you drop that F-Bomb made me gasp and clutch my pearls.
I’m ngl, the legs look cheap and they don’t match at all.
nice f-bomb @13:42 haha
on a good path, keey experminting
Denim. And that psychadelic look us dope.
It looks shit hot! 👍
Frigging cool. Wondering about the acoustic properties and if it could be used for a custom DYI speaker baffle. (Front face of a speaker's cabinet.)
Denim! - When the epoxy top coat was applied to the demim and the color went all dark is the moment i knew i was absolutely gonna love the look of this! Amazing work!
Denim - loved this build
😂 I love how you went off on the ignorant people!!! Your amazing bro!!!!! Thank you!!!!!
Denim sounds so boring, but this is so cool. The tabletop looks amazing. I think the base is a little too plain, but that's my personal taste. I would love to see this on a floating desk with black legs. I think the tabletop would be a huge showpiece and pair to a custom computer. Maybe not a denim computer case, but the shifting black and blue patterns are amazing.   Have you thought about a denim table with different/complimentary denim colors? I think that would leave for a really cool and unique pattern, especiallt if it were Damascus/layered.
Denim. Looks far out man!😉
fantastic!! i love it!
Chinese denim upfashioned for 17k!            Wow!
Denim! As a textile artist with a bonafide degree in textiles I thought I’d pop on here and explain why the denim feels fuzzy after planing it. Even though it’s saturated in epoxy the long staple cotton fibers that make up the denim have been twisted into a very strong yarn. On a molecular level the cell walls of cotton are arranged in a helix around the central axis of a very long cylindrical cell. Then each fiber is made up of 20 to 30 layers of cellulose twisted by nature into a perfectly coiled pattern. Then these fibers are combed and twisted together in a factory to make single ply yarn. Then several single ply yarns are twisted together to make the cotton yarn that is then woven into the twill weave we call denim. So imagine a large rope that is made up of many ply that is coiled to nest perfectly and intricately together and those coiled ply nest perfectly together to make many multi ply ropes whose coils nest perfectly together, and so on. When you cut through this rope it’s going to fray and unravel leaving you with a bunch of kinky springy frizzy coils, much like a shag carpet. This is what denim does on a microscopic level. The blades of a planer are not sharp enough to cut the cotton yarns cleanly plus they are only cutting from one direction. The yarns are not being cut at all instead are being compressed, pushed along, flattened and eventually torn apart with each pass. So you are left with a surface that feels like very short velvet. You may have noticed that the denim felt softer when you run your hand in the same direction as the planer blade was spinning. And this my dear friends is why all your sewing friends yell at you if you use their fabric scissors. Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk 😊
Please do a Damascus leather table
When are you doing the kleenex, bubble wrap, onsie, scotch tape, velcro, band-aid, post-it, styrofoam, formica, frisbee, windbreaker, stetson damascus (with a zamboni) of which we all dream. Pretty lazy not to give the people what they want.  Also, you should do another run of that little damascus spike. Need one to go with my brass hammer.
Denim
Love it!!!
Denim that was bad ass. Be interesting to try some old denim.
Damascus is very cool Cam!!!
Damascus but use a checkered or plaid fabric? And 1/2” round, 7/8” was aggressive
Denim, cool project I thought it was a lot of fun
Denim. I am not a woodworker. I'm not a craftsman in the slightest. Some would say I have soft hands. I can't figure out why I check YouTube regularly to see if you've posted a new video, but I just love the passive content (humor, sarcasm, etc.), and find it all very interesting. The creations you come up with are amazing. Keep it coming.
Denim is the new black
denim.  so glad you didn't give up after the first denim table and kept improving your lay up process.  during your first one i was thinking you should do them exactly as you did this one with a roller.  glad you read my mind.  and those two little round globules look like melted Cookie Monster.
No denim, can you do something OVER-engineered?   Or... I guess you can do a denim chair to go with that table... so.... Denim.
Denim - Love what you do and that you are prepared to do new things which makes everything worth while. Great job and love your production as well.
You could make a serious killing off these denim tables
The small pieces on the router table sketched me out.   I would have just screwed it to some plywood and used the palm router.
Jesus, 17k for a table. I need to rethink my career path.
Always a guy in the comment section lol
denim, also love how you can hear the denim creaking while you're screwing in the threaded inserts
Denim, nice video
Denim. This is seriously amazing. I’ve been watching your videos for a while now. Everything you do is super creative and a great watch. For all those picking stuff apart, let’s see you do better. If you don’t like it, don’t watch. Keep creating these gems!
Denim - I love the table .. I think if you used more smaller pieces like you had at the one end so you didn't have all the large spots you sanded the top would look better.  I also think it might be interesting to build the base out of square copper tubing to add that "jeans" look and then add black steel supports underneath.  I think that would look really amazing.  Or maybe black walnut drop supports (blue top, copper base, black bottom).  Great job.. really enjoy your videos.
More Denim! That's amazing looking! No ironing 😁
If the table does not sell, can I have it?
Denim, love to see new and different designs.
I dont know why everyones saying denim, I just came to comment on the absolute brilliance of that 40 point list of things not to correct 😂
I like the Denimascus.
Denim, a full denim table would be cool
Denim - Wow what an amazing table. Your work is inspirational. Keep up the good work.
Can you need to ditch that saw stop and get the Oliver 16” table saw.  It would eat that saw stop for breakfast.  Look into it.   It’ll change your life.
Its nice to know Im not the only idiot who stands around surprised that a spindle sander has kickback.  Welcome to the club!😂😂😂
THATS AMAZING
Denim,  love it and would like to see more!
I want to see more projects with breast augmentation, not less.
Denim
Um actually, I really like the people who correct technicalities.
To the guys who get angry and insulted after being corrected no one likes you and your insecurity is annoying. The way you passive aggressively attack people who tried to share their knowledge with you and tried to help you look like the ignorant person you are makes no one want to be around you. It may feel like you're portraying confidence but the reality is you seem like a petulant child so nervous you have to plead with everyone in your audience to please trust you! You're definitely a smart boy! Right?   Oops, did I say audience?
Great work. Food for thought maybe using shorter boards would reduce the psychedelic look. Also question for you. Have you compared the 3m sanding disc to the Diablo mesh disc? If so, I’m assuming you prefer the 3m.
Denim.... Love the look...  Great project.  Thanks.... BTW.  I am a person who is watching not learning and do not want to see an accident.  I just love that you talk about mistakes and that you are human.  Thanks
So i have a theory on your denim fuzziness. Btw i am no expert whatsoever, but i think the actual denim fibers dont absorb the resin, yes all the strands get coated in resin but on a microscopic level it doesn't absorb into the fiber, so when you cut it, you are exposing all the non absorbed, essentially preserved fibersd. Possibly even flaking away the resin, again microscoplically.Your sealing the denim, its not being saturated. For example, when you stain wood, it pnly penetrates so far, but its still untouched wood in the center. Or a possibly a better example, lacquer or poly, you coat the wood but its still wood underneath. Maybe? Again, i dont know, thats my guess
denim.
New shirt idea "What the fuck did you make now?"
Denim. I love the table, I think it can be really classy while also being super durable! Love it so much! Please do more!
hats off !
Denim! They're looking so cool!
DENIM!!! That table is awesome!
Like the denim.
it’s really looking good 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🙌🏻
One of the coolest looking tables I’ve ever seen. I’ve actually been collecting all my old tee shirts so I can do a “patchwork” style desk at some point instead of throwing them all away
😲  @ 13:40 & 19:35        -------->       🤣🤣🤣
Mosevic is the biggest denim + epoxy guy on youtube to me
denim looks fantastic
Denim
"Nobody likes you, and we all hope bad things happen to you." Truer words have never been spoken. Language evolves
(Damascus) Denim  I actually love that! This may be some of your best work yet! Well done Cam!
Denim is cool. I really liked the way the sand traps turned out.
My wife doesn't bother making impassioned pleas for me to change my style.  She knows I have no style and I don't change.
Where is the wood table with the denim river running through it? 😄
Denim is great...
You should really try making a game table with the top that can come off and go back on. I think it couldn’t turn out really cool and could also be a challenge
Denim! I’d love to see you make a chair version with a very futuristic wood/epoxy base (sort of how you make your classic tables).
More Denim! Or any sort of fabric. What if you do a rainbow or warm colors or cold colors? That would be cool
Denim/awesome!
Denim…I like how you admit you are not perfect and make mistakes.  You admit your fear.  However, watching what your end turns out like, I am completely amazed at your talent.  Well done.
Denim more denim
2:07 😂😂😂
Cam,  denim it is this so cool my wife even gave her thumbs up.  Good job!!!!
This opens the door to so many more ideas. Multi-colored layers of fabric from Blue on the bottom rising to the top with browns and black sort of Riverish (I just made up that word so feel free to use it).
Beautiful!!
Denim  thanks for the video
I usually don't care a lot for blue. But love this table!
Denim  What a cool desk.  I think the wood pieces should be more uniform and more of a medium size compared to your small and large ones in the video to get a better Damascus look.  If you look at Damascus steel masters, they are very precise in their patterning almost to the point of actual symmetry.
Denim. This looks amazing.
Denim, denim, denim. Very kool and beautiful project! 😊
Denim dreams of Damascus... I love your enthusiasm Cam!
you could make a carbon fiber table.
That came out AWESOME! Great work
that ikea "joke" was personal
Denim. Gorgeous. Weird boobs & all
Denim cool!!!
Denim
Denim. That table is crazy looking
Denim! Not only is the look great ,but I love how you push your creativity and woodworking skills  keep them coming Cam
Denim!
Denim. I always enjoy your woodworking videos but, this was fun to watch and I really like how it came out!! Watching your videos is like having the coolest teacher in school thank you.
Denim. Well done Cam
Black Denim, hah this was really cool man, looks awesome.  When will we be getting your line of 3-Michelin Star Restaurant quality Swedish Meatballs  😁
More denim, I like the look of the denim after shined and polish, if you could maybe (could look totally dumb) a denim river table
Denim for sure! And then try to integrate denim into a slab? Canvas micarta / phenolics, so many cool options! Definitely more IKEA hardware well timed F bombs! Oh and the dude at wood shop! I laughed my ass off! Anyway, keep up the good work Cam!
Looks absolutely amazing ! 👍
Denim
NO DENIM! Pls, it's enough.
Your creativity is amazing! Also glad to see the beavs on your hat instead of a big O
Denim. You can always improve on the next one.
That was an interesting medium to work with! I like it, but I'm not really sure where it would reside in a home. It reminds me of carbon fibre that the high end automobile industry is using more and more. Very creative use of different materials and I think it came out remarkably.well. Keep challenging your craft and imagination and I'll keep watching and learning! Kudos!
19:35: "what the fuck did he make now"
Denim. ;-)
Certainly has a lot of movement. Interesting. Good for modern look. Just not as beautiful as your wood works.
Hey, Mr. Blacktail! I hope this doesn’t trigger you but love the pattern welded denim. Also love the entertainment value of your videos.
Denim.  So cool.
Absolutely love it  thank you for sharing
The only time the difference between pattern-welded steel and Damascus matters is when you're talking about the properties/utility of the steel. Otherwise, we all know what "Damascus" means as an adjective.
Denim! I need more Denim.  How about some denim chairs to go with the table?
Incredible. I wish this video was an hour long, guess I’ll just watch it a second time! Thanks for the amazing content once again
Denim.  I would sincerely LOVE to have a table like this in my home.  It is beautiful! I can’t afford it but I can dream.
Denim! I was sceptical at First but this is awesome! What does your wife think about it?
No denim but I’ll take anything I can get. Love the channel.
Denim! More denim!
Dayem nize…You have become a freekin legend…🎉😊
Denim!!! This is amazing!!
More denim!
Denim rules This isnt real Damascus because he didnt hit it with a hammer. Duh.
Denim table number 2.....more creative than number 1 .. I think I would have gone with a slightly darker  table base but that's  just me. As always phenomenal project.
Denim  look cool .  I do steel Damascus  but you can  go one Beter do different colours that would look cool . just got to get right colours
Cam, you should check out Shurap’s YouTube channel, he has the most interesting Damascus designs in his knives. Maybe you could model your next build off of one of his videos to get a more “realistic” Damascus pattern
4 minutes in and the small ones come to play. Good entertainment for sure, but man that was sketchy. Glad you're okay.
This looks so good keep it going awesome. Great job
You made an off the cuff comment about looking a little like a golf course! There is a market for you Designed tables wall hanging..for specific golf course layouts?
I enjoy your out of the box creative thinking/process.
Denim: nice experiment and great outcome but little energy on the legs. I suggest to go with the same technique again but use finer pitch fabric so the pixels get smaller at the end. And please mix it with a metal leg. Great videos BTW.
Denim. I really love the look of this table!
I think the this is a great concept. I'm wondering how flannel would work. Different plaid patterns would add to the randomness.
I like your videos because they are interesting, well moderated and entertaining. I look forward to your videos as they're also relaxing.  I'm not to accustomed to you making negative comments and two minutes in, that's what I hear. It took the enjoyment out of this video and changed how I felt about your video. . So 3 minutes in, I stopped watching.
Denim. I love the way this table ended up...absolutely beautiful!
Oh so you wear gloves so you can keep your soft hands for your wife😂
Denim! Honestly one of the coolest tables I’ve ever seen!! You should do an epoxy river Damascus denim, black walnut table!!! (Have the river in the middle be the Damascus denim!)
Denim. Yes. Even smaller projects
With some planning, you could produce visually identifiable patterns... flower, butterfly, skull, whatever.   The idea of a denim laminate surface is unique, and both vids are a win.
Your videos are great. I wish you wouldn’t drop F bombs unnecessarily so I could share them with my kids. Just a thought from a fan
Denim Indeed, please, lovin' it.
more.
Great commentary in the beginning...  It's your party....
Denim! As always I like your videos/builds and really do like the experimenting with the denim tables. I am with Scott on too big of a round over but that is just my opinion. Again keep up the great content.
Denim for sure-such an interesting hybrid of woodworking and textiles!
Denim.  I would like to see more denim tables and you have inspired me to build my own denim.......cutting board.  Thank you
I now need to go back and get that list of topics to discuss in the comments😂😂
This is a whole other level of creativity. Love the piece this is just insane.
Denim. DENIM. I loved the first denim table you showed us, but I think I prefer this one. I think the 7/8 corners are just right. I would be interested in seeing a table made out of a red denim. I think that way you can go ahead and do a stand with a little more flair to it, like maybe cherry. I do see your reasoning for a plain base for it, but I think I would've preferred something more interesting to go along with an interesting table top. But that's just me.
Denim or No denim...I'm watching either way! Looks amazing! I was wondering what the bottom looked like...I kept waiting to see! 😅
$17K for the table???? oh mah gahd
Dude, you really should stop already with being a proponent of genital mutilation!  You've made a mistake to ever bring it up. Just own it. Don't try to ridicule people who call you out on it. It's infantile. You were wrong then. You still are wrong now. Just stop.
Denim.Loved it
those "well ackshually that's not REAL damascus" people can fuck right off
Denim! "What the FUCK did you make now??!!" had me dying.
The flat spots on the plywood need dips or you have to vary the thickness all the way to the middle (round over bit isn’t enough).  Super cool though for attempt #1!!
Yes denim! And I would love to see some colour variations as well. Browns for enhanced wooden look, a fiery red-orange-yellow combo, a purple-green would look intersting as well, or some bolder contrasts like blue-orange and yellow-purple. 🥰🤗🥰
You crack me up. Always entertaining.
I can't help when I correct my family on what they say, but I try not to do it to strangers lol
My wife wants you to make round denim table
Denim, I Would love to see this in grey and black fadded Denim.
Denim is fabulous! Beautiful work-innovative and imaginative. It’s always fun to see what you’re creating!
Blacktail you denim again. Nice job
It is pretty funky... but I rather like it. Especially with the base you did. Denim.
patterned epoxed denim
Denim. Loved this
Denim. Probably can consider using steel base for the denim tables. Age the steel to create the similar look as those buttons in jeans. Personally, I would try to have characteristics of a jeans where leather and metal are being incorporated. I can probably can draw u a ugly sketch up.... Lol  Love what u are doing. Keep it up.
I hope i am not the first to say it: blacktail is just a dick. Fine, you don't like someone that is holier-than-you with the Damascus.... But why bother to say ) that no one likes you"? He is just as big of a troll, just the troll in charge of the channel.
Denim- this design is insane! A new generation of table making is being made here and I’m all for it
Denim. And while I definitely get where you're coming from with the finished product, man do I love the way it looks. Maybe I'm more of a hippy than I thought.
We waited three months for this?
Thank you! Your commentary absolutely made my Friday night! Hilarious 🤣
How about making a resin and walnut chess board table.
Denim I love this  Very original
Denim!
I waited a month for a new video.... For this???
Denim Denim Denim! also an idea arose while looking at this: a River Denim table and - now hear me out - an actual geocraphically correct river with the mountins around it visualized as the layered damascus sheets (like a topographical map). maybe of a special location of yours i loved your coment on the last denim video, that his could be your "Denim phase" and i cant wait to see more! obe day id love to own or make one of these :)
It probably gets fuzzy again because the fibers are very tight up against each other, so much so that there is no room for the epoxy. There are just not enough empty spaces for the epoxy to fill. Maybe.
Denin - I really really like you roasting annoying people on the videos... good laughs.
Denim, really nice looking table. Keep it up and don't change your sense of humor.
Yes denim. You missed Skidoo in your list..ha the fuzz is like putting fibermesh in concrete...you exposed the fiber layer..so that's why maybe torching the layer first might work????
Denim ~ Far Out man!, it brought back the 60's!! I have to omit you did a great job with this one.  Now you can fess up Cam. Your parents were Hippies, Right?
Denim looks cool.   You should try and incorporate denim into a slab/ river table.   Have the void filled with denim.   Dark and light blue with walnut would look really cool.
Denim stunning idea
Denim - True Damascus comes from the Damascus region of Syria. This is actually a Sparkling Denim.
Denim - very cool table and interesting process. Keep innovating!
you're the first person on youtube to ever wish something bad happen to me unsubscribe is my best response and even though I think less of you now I don't want bad things to happen to you
wow that is a great design make like 20 more so u get good at it thanks
Oh my gosh, GET THOSE GLOVES OFF when working with power tools... like the router!  What happens if your glove catches?  The router pulls your hand IN!  Without gloves, you can pull away.  WITH gloves, you're SCREWED... & missing digits... & lots of blood.  UPDATE:  "Denim!"  It's very cool how you experiment & the projects definitely turn out "different," which is awesome.  This base is definitely understated, but you said that's what you were going for.  Again, KEEP THOSE GLOVES OFF with power tools!!!!
Denim! Love the table bro. I think 30:35 will have to be my new screensaver
i would love to build but i dont have the two things you need, time and money, so for now ill just watch the masters work
Denim I would like to see one made with the wood inserts running the full length of the table
Denim
denim "micarta" table. That's a LOT bigger than my denim micarta knife handle....
Denim! Very cool! I would never have thought of that in 1 million years
Denim - If you want some experts on denim epoxy, find some micarta guys. Custom knife and gun makers use micarta but I don't know who else does. Not all micarta is denim. Actually, most of it isn't, but some of it is. If anybody can answer your question about the denim getting fuzzy again after it's fully saturated, they could.
I say a denim table that’s mid-century inspired should be next.
Denham that was awesome. It looked like a giant agate.
Denim more denim
denim for sure, great job, looks fabulous.  I can't wait to see what you come up with next :)
I’ve often noticed how trolls, with their PhDs in negativity, are the first to criticize but the last to create. Anything. Ever.
More denim … not that I know enough to  contribute, but wondering if the wood pieces were different depths if it would add more variation to the surface coloration.  Either way, it is a gorgeous look.
Denim- it would be cool if you did longer wood forms under,  the whole length of the table to mimic a wood grain, I like the longer ones done on the ends
THAT LOOKS AMAZING CAM! I CANT BELIEVE HOW GOOD THAT LOOKS! ITS LIKE DAMASCUS AND PLYWOOD GRAIN IN ONE. AMAZING!
Denim!  This is incredible, and I absolutely love how it turned out... there is no doubt that you have the biggest and best "Denim and Epoxy" channel on YouTube, haha!  Your videos are informative, very entertaining, and all-consuming!  Love your work!
I love the denim
I’d love to see an electric guitar build. It would be interesting to see the skills translate.
Denim! I'd love to see a denim "Damascus" table with more little pieces and less of the bigger ones. They have this water drop ripple look... I think if done right it could look like a pool when it's raining!
Demin. I think a demin table with my logo would look awesome, but to stay with the theme of my company, REUZEit, it woiuld have to be made from actual used jeans.  and the logo would be our Icon in plywood,and all the differnt colors of jeans will bring out the damascus look.
Denim, super unique and adds a new medium with different textures. You’re flexing your versatility and it turned out awesome!
Haha, when he was at CW doing planing, “what the fuck did you make now??” 😂
I’m fine with more denim.
Denim bar tabletop next
"What the F*** did he do NOW?" :D :D
I hope this channel keeps us entertained for years to come, and never loses it's snark.
More Denim looks awesome
Denim. So the infusion went well but you said it didn't go through all the layers the way you wanted. Two tips: 1. Try a different catalyst that would not harden until later on. Give it me time to infuse. 2. Viscosity matters. Find a thinner epoxy or try heating and keeping it warm while infusion. But keep in mind that making it warmer could cause it to cure faster.  Just trail and error until you matter the denim.
personal opinion: I think an aluminum base would look better with this table top based on color and texture. Ity would also draw even more attention to the top instead of the base because of color contrast
Denim for sure! This is an incredible project Cam! Fabulous result. I'm loving all your videos and Scott is a fun addition.
LOVED this project! Turned out amazing
Why do I feel like less of a man watching your videos, love your work keep it up!
Hilarious totally      We hate you     HA❤
Denim! If money were no object, I’d be commissioning you right now for a denim table. Quite impressive new medium you might have stumbled on! It’s cool to know the guy who has the biggest denim channel on YT;)
Since you asked, i think the clear wood on the base didnt fit, darker or even black or burned would look great!
Woods Need black paint with some type of white trimming so it can be used under a black light. Fully embrace the trippy effect. And how much can I buy it for 🤔
Cam, nice work. More denim. Thanks for sharing.
Denim baby Denim
12:04 denim. this sounds like a conversation between lions fans for the past like 3 years and we’re just now all getting to the point of confidence
Coming across a bit salty there at the start.
LMFAOOO “NOBODY LIKES YOU AND BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN TO YOU.” Man that’s gunna stick with him forever. Good one cam 💀🤣
Cam, this is awesome! It makes me want to try something similar! Nice job!
denim-this was awesome
Denim. Pretty cool man, I very much appreciate your experimentation in this new idea! My only thought while watching the end, was if having your plywood forms meet at a point/points, not flats, where they hit the first layer of denim. Same shapes but pyramids. It would maybe get rid of the continents. Very cool, keep going on this one, looking forward to your next. Black and grey denim??
All’s fair……I get it; but- hideous. Hope you made more on the video than I would have paid for this. Love the channel. But this and the burnt stump are a bridge too far for this woodworker.
Denim.  It would be cool to do a specific shape in the Damaskus denim. Like a table shaped like a monstera leaf with all the cool holes  fenestrations as the raised bumps. Or as the low parts.   The whole table could be leaf shaped. It would be neat.  As a crazy plant lady I’d love it
DENIM all the way. I think that table is amazing, any slight imperfections you might perceive are what make it so clearly handmade. Although I doubt whoever gets it will think there are any imperfections since it is so original.
Cam I love how you shit talk, it reminds me of how it was while I was in the military 😂 please don’t stop. You say what we all thing lmao. I also respect the fact that you said fuck it and went bald instead of trying to hang on to a bad hairline. Keep up the good work brother I love all your builds and creativity.
Black denim!!!
Where walnut
Denim. You're so on to something with these.
Love it.  More please!
2 mins in already got me laughing! Would love to see a coloured (yes I’m British) blown glass feature incorporated into a wood/epoxy project, what do you think?
Denim. I really liked your portable drill press jig. Where can I get one of those? Was it expensive? Looks pretty fancy
Denim - think the smaller “psychedelic” part works better than the continent shapes. Love to see more. Good work Ken
Nice work! The blue looks cool. It might be fun to see a khaki and brown denim to emulate wood grain. another thing that might help with different "grain" is making the shaped pieces have variable height to them, like a doorstop.
So I think the reason why the denim gets fuzzy again is that the epoxy doesn't completely just apsorb into the denim, rather a relatively small but consequential amount of it fills in the voids between the fibers that the air that was sucked up by the vacuum was in. So then you get a sort of epoxy saturated denim mesh that's blocked with epoxy, so every time you sand it or plane it, you remove a lot of the epoxy and pull at the denim fibers.
Denim...a matching chair would be cool
Denim.  I think it looks bad ass! It reminds me rain drop Damascus, I mean rain drop pattern welded steel.  You might be able to emulate a more symmetrical type of pattern, like mosaic Damascus. The spacing of the pieces might have to be just right for the pattern, though.  Or the table top could be cut and  restocked the way Blacksmiths make mosaic Damascus.  Good job!
I honestly don't know if I would still watch cam if he didn't do his voice over, it's hilarious 🤣🤣🤣
Dam sir that is 100%🔥🔥🫡🔥
denim. your an awsome wood worker, keep it up.
Denim!  As with most project highlight reel channels like this one, with my own scope and budget being far less, it's the little tips, concepts, but most of all the inspiration that keeps me engaged with each video/the channel. And yes, it's entertaining.
I was kind of taken aback at the idea of fabric as a table top (retired theatrical costumer here) but wow it looks amazing. Your sense of humor is a big part of why I follow you, thanks for that.
Denim? Scott the Everything guy is my favorite workshop architype.
Denim, the next one should be shaped as you frozen in denim. Just like hand solo was frozen in carbonite
i think you went with the right round over bit. it looks good. i think the denim starts to get fluffy again because when you hit it with the sandpaper or planer it heats up making it kind of sticky and pulls on the threads making it soft again. dont quote me on this though.
Silk … I want to see the same in silk.
Always interesting Cameron…informative and funny.  Denim tables though is a stretch for me, but I’ll be back.
Denim! Glad you used an invisible finish on the oak base. Lots of woodworkers go crazy for oil based finishes but I think it makes the wood look like that cheap Ikea fake wood. The natural look looks more expensive and high quality
Denim!
Denim. Love your videos and your sense of humor. Thank you!  Have you considered mounting one of your tables on to a base with an adjustable height? I know that your work is closer to art/design objects, but this is the second denim table I've seen so far, and for some reason they feel very suitable for office space. Oh, and a twig base in the background on 30:30 looks amazing!  Looking forward to your future projects!
Doing different but complementing carbon fibers like that would be interesting, maybe even adding some more trippy substrates to expose in the high hills.  I was also almost expecting you to leave some of the valleys natural and just back fill epoxy up to polish over like your prior table like a lake with a denim bottom (color the epoxy there blue like water even).
When it came out of the planner  it looked like a topographical map
Denim❤
Denim:  This was a wonderful project. I love to see whatever you're working on. Keep on!
Denim - this came out SO COOL
Denim is cool idea
Denim! Looks nice
Made the goddamn cookie monster table
Denim, what woodworker has more subscribers than you?  Very innovative!
Denim! I love the more psychedelic look. As relatively "simple" as it seems, it's a masterpiece.
When routering the little pieces you can screw them to a bigger piece so that you have something to hold
More demin
Denim. Firstly Happy New Year😂 Secondly I've waited a whole 2 months Thank You, this was great. The table looks awesome
Denim? I hardly knew him!
Denim Rules!
god that's beautiful.
Um, Actually 🤓☝️👓
More denim- your work is great... but your voiceover content really seals it for me!
whats up cam, ive been doing little wood working projects recently and I've been thinking about making a table, your videos inspired me. maybe some day I will be near your level!!
I like that look a lot. I do the same thing for knife handles. If you want to change from demacas you can call it  micarta. That's what they call laminated knife scales. Just so you know it can be done with a number of  Is materials. Also appreciate your comment about  demacas.  Hear it all the time on knife making channels.
Denim, normally i quite like a lot of the stuff you make. It's pretty cool but i could never see myself spending thousands on it. But idk what it is about this table that i just absolutely love. I think some weird wacky base like some of the generative design AI powered frame stuff I've seen about would look great under the table to go along with the weird alien looking top. I may never be able to afford a table like this but this is the first time i've actually felt like i wanted one lol
Can't handle being corrected HUH? Why don't you cry into a kleenex so I can tell you it's actually a TISSUE, and KLEENEX is a BRAND!!!!11!!!!??
Denim. Killer job as always man!
Denim, You could aways try different color Denim blue green white black tan....
Denim
Denim! And needs a matching chair!
Hi Cam. I enjoy watching your creations.  It's quite satisfying watching you do your process. Love the commentary too. Keep it up. Much love from Nairobi, Kenya.
Cam its all about the psychedelic look. Lean into! (Well obviously not if you make this piece for yourself).
denim it's so nice what you come up with what a fantasy I'm sorry you have to continue making what you come up with whether it's in wood, plastic, fabric, clay or metal you are the artist and it's your work and your humor is cool just keep being yourself. I can't wait to see what you come up with next
Denim
No denim. Although I enjoyed this one, more would be too much. For me at least.
Love this idea, think it would be sweet with different colors in a rainbow effect
Denim. Reminds me of Mokuma metal jewellery I’ve made. Love your work Cam.
DENIM.... POST THE COMPLETE LIST... ONLY SAW A FEW.. AND YOUR ARE RIGHT !!!!
I actually prefer Valerian steel
Denim 👍 I love it ! 🤗 More please .
Denim, now hang on a minute. I left a comment on your last denim table about putting forms under it and sanding back , so it would look like a contour map. Calling it Damascus ain’t gonna hide it. Right I’m off to whinge at the wife about the bald carpenter guy off YouTube stealing my idea. I’m a size medium if that helps ;)
I think you need to do a walnut river table... where you pack the river with Damascus denim
denim. Awesome table! Great video! Can wait to see what you create next!
Culd you make one using flannelette shirts next time?
Basically a micarta table! Looks awesome
Your stare is a great James McAvoy Beast look
Denim... looks awesome.. maybe you can vary the heights of the blocks to give it a different look.. have the 'round pieces' higher than the rest... plus 'spread out' the pieces a little bit more... another inch or 2... IN ALL.. THIS FREAKING LOOKS AWESOME  OH... do the 3 color layer next... and work on smaller pieces.. end tables.. small table... but I do believe this might be the next 'HOT' SELLER!!!!
Denim, just like cowbell, we need more. I really think that adding a distressed look onto a demin table would look cool. This one looks amazing and I wish I had a disposable income or a sugar mamma to buy this piece. You always have one nugget of humor that makes me lol. Keep it rolling.
It's not too psychedelic you just haven't done enough acid to appreciate it's beauty
Denim, maybe try with black denim. There’s so much potential, with different patterns. I am impressed by your creativity, keep going.
If you made the legs and corners rounds. Then your round overs would blend and not come to a point
Go Beavs!
Denim - but still would like to see real wooden stuff again and again and again. Maybe, like every artist, you now are in some kind of blue phase (denim blue to be precise), and will return to your naturalistic aka brown phase again somewhen… 😂 Anyhow, cool table and lots of interesting stuff to see and learn again!
Why is Scott always wearing a coat?
Denim.  I'm all about experimentation with different materials and surfaces.  Stepping out of the box to still make something incredibly practical... brilliant.
Denim- fun project! Here is what I’d try.  Make your wood islands peaked at the top instead of flat. I like the look of the smaller pieces.  Try changing the router bits on each pieces… so the “topography” will change more. I think different angles with a chamfer but I’ll look really good.  I’m curious if you could use different fabrics for this as well? I think felt could be interesting.
Denim! You know, if you mix in green and purple denim, it would look like peacock feathers
That's micarta not damascus
so cool no lie, best table ever. keep experimenting and i tell you, you got something unique here
Denim (The table is blue and black not gold and white)
(definitely denim)Finally, ive been waiting for you to make another video with your newly found denim table skills lol.
Denim.  Its seems like there is so much more creative to be done with it. I wonder if the fuzzy feeling is just a combating of the fabric and epoxy tearing into small strands.  Much the way fleece feels soft even though it is essentially plastic.  Table looks great either way.
Old video, but good
Cam, MORE DENIM!  - Have you reached out to the Levi Strauss museum in San Francisco.  No idea it this would be of interest to them (or one made with old Levi's) but it might be worth a shot.
I like the look. I will like to se wood and denim mix. So instead of plywood use walnut and sand the slab down till you can see the wood and have some sort off walnut islands and denim as the water. Just a idea, love everything you do and sharing everything. Even the stuff that goes wrong, the honesty and humor.
"Live-edge denim" is not a phrase I ever expected to hear.
Denim. I can’t subscribe, because I already have. But, here is what I feel about your channel. Not a big fan of epoxy, but I really love your channel. I learn a great deal and I’m entertained a great deal. 🎉What more could one ask for?
Denim for sure
If you have kids, they will probably be woodworkers too. After all, it in their jeans.
Denim. I love the look of it and with the fuzziness I would assume that not all of the epoxy is saturating the fiber of the denim and when it's cut or sanded it's exposing the fiber...  Side note I still haven't used my N3 from the Black Friday giveaway due to being without a shop, but that should be fixed soon.
Denim for sure. I absolutely Love this table top !
No denim. . Congrats on being the # 1 two shade demim, white oak base, natural finish table maker, with videographer named Scott YouTube channel. So happy to see the little guy finally succeed.  For reference, I said no demim to save you from yourself. We like a semi-sane Cam in our Entertainment How To videos.  DFTbyBTL.
denim - very cool!  cool blue
2:00 aw nah
Denim is definitely coming back into style.  For a future project, you might consider doing a "Mola" lay up.  You could layer various fabrics to give you specific shapes and colors.
Denim.  I think you should go even more psychedelic.  Just a TON of the small circle pieces!!!  that looks pretty cool.  Also, a copper base like the rivet in jeans would look AWESOME.
Denim, Cam you never disappoint, love to watch your progression, Nice Job!!!
You should check out the guy that makes denim glasses!
Denim for sure! I honestly feel like you've just scratched the [woodlike] surface here. Thanks for another fantastic video!
Denim! great stuff, glad you addressed the idiot in the comments. I hate when people are so smart that they are no fun or even nice.
Yeah. Fail is part of learning process.. We all learn from mistakes like this table for exemple. Things that we should'nt do again. Sorry i could not hold my self not to write this comment.
Not me pausing and lowering the spored to 0.25 to read that extensive list. I'm here for the petty.
that desk cost more then my car
Denim, another masterpiece! Well done, absolutely love this piece.
thinner fabric might be interesting or some grey tones. also g10 as a knife handle material is kinda similar and you might find some info to apply
Denim great table
Denim, all the way. Stop the woodworking and become an exclusive denim-working channel. I think a Damascus denim table using black, greys and white denims would look fantastic.   Also, about the actual piece in the video, loved the table top, not too keen on the base tho, for some reason it felt like the legs and base as a whole were too, idk, “thin” I think I’m going to go with. I can’t quite put my finger on it, it just seemed as though something was missing
Curious how you price your pieces. Are we throwing darts at a wall or is there a formula you follow?
Denim! I love the top, hate the bottom. I think a slate metal bottom would have been beautiful.
ego, much?
Keep up the good work big dawg! The Table Gods are smiling upon you for this one!
At 4:20 the directions were unclear, I lost both of my heads
Denim!!!!!!!,  I absolutely love this table. i have always loved damascus, and you have nailed it big time. i really hope to see more and in different colors like.... black white and just a little orange 😊
Denin, great vid!
I love watching your videos and what you create.  What I don't understand is the time you put into trying to irritate people who have said things you don't like.  Wish you could leave that part out. Just a thought.
Denim! Stunningly good table, I'd love something like that as an office desk. Looks incredible but completely out there!
If you like Tron you’ll love this table. This was an interesting project and I think it looks great.
HEY! THIS IS NOT DAMASCUS! DO NOT dare to call it that!  Call it CAMascus! Cheers brother, big fan! Always appreciate what you have to show! ❤❤❤
It looks like micarta material
More denim please
Love the vid, but what happened to the wooden moulds, how did you cover them?
Denim. I LOVE this concept! Not a fan of the round over choice, but all and all a great job!
Denim. This table is one of your best.
Denim. More Denim please.👍
definitely Denim
I would absolutely kill to have this, but there is no way I could afford that price. Anyone wanna be my sugga daddy/mommy?
Denim in a range of colors, or even in a rainbow, with the Damascus style would look fun, IMHO. It would definitely lean into the trippiness aspect, though.
Denim
Fabulous. The vacuum method is similar to how they flatten damaged paintings in art restoration. Really cool!
I love "What the fuck did he make now!?!"
Insanely fucking cool. Not much else to say. I think it's the nicest table of all time.
Hey, really like the videos you post….i seen a table once made entirely from one piece of wood, sure it’s a trunk of a tree and I suppose it would be more sculpture of a table but I think that would be really cool to see in one of your videos
Denim.... Incredible work
A very good job!... I usualy watch at blacksmiths,  forging knives and other works, and yuor table at the end is a real damascus, very fine!!
Denim! I'm so glad you did another Denim table. Your designs are delightfully 'out there' and always come together in the end and I love seeing the process. While I personally would have preferred a darker frame for the base I do have to agree the light wood looks really nice with that top. Beautiful work!
I love all of your builds. This is the first one I can remember that the base seems like it lacks sufficient rigidity. I like the simple clean design but the rocking is visible as you rub on it and scoot up to it.
I've got no space for anything, but that looks incredible, I want it so much!
I actually think this turned out super cool. The contrast of the dark and light denim makes the pattern stand out really nicely, especially after adding the finish. If I had money I would totally wanna buy something like this.
17k for that?
Very cool, the look of this table is amazing.  Very nice project!
Who knew one punch man is also a craftsman
@BlacktailStudio - I might actually be able to help with some info for your layup.  I have some background doing composites work at in an aerospace research environment.  First of all: Good call not trying the "infusion" process yet.  It's NOT easy.  Definitely get a couple smaller projects working first.  The term you'll want to look up for this is "Vacuum Assisted Resin Transfer Molding" (aka VARTM).  The design of the mold is critical - you HAVE to consider how the resin flows into and out of your vacuum bag.  Secondly: Your table is fuzzy because you're not using enough resin.  A critical metric is the ratio (by weight) of resin to cloth.  You'll be  lucky to get down to 1.10:1 resin:cloth with Vacuum Assisted Wet Layups (VAWL, the process used in the video).  That wants to be weighed/confirmed per sheet, and you'll want to pour 1.25x the resin onto your cloth (each layer independently, like you did) before trying to scrape off the excess.  Honestly, even 1.25:1 is a pretty aggressive ratio for a cloth as thick/rugged as denim.  1.10:1 is about as good as you get with thin S-Glass.  I'm obviously not certain that denim will EVER be non-fuzzy because fully penetrating that cloth isn't easy....but weighing the layers and the resin will/should certainly help.  Lastly: It looks like you got the good peel ply.  Honestly, don't expect much better out of the peel ply.  It has a tough job to do, and it's incredible that it's as good as it is.  I only got consistently better results when my resin:cloth ratios were .  There are a few different styles of peel ply, and playing with each for your use case would probably be worthwhile.
Me trying to craft the perfect comment to correct you on everything on the list (loved the video as always lol)
Loved the Denim table, it looked really cool!
Demin
Denim might be your niche! Keep em coming!
Someone say the guy he really shouldnt breathe that epoxy dust. Polishing epoxy using mask is crucial safety for lungs health care
Denim, I really love the table top. Not quite sure on the table base. I actually thought it was a joke I thought at the end you were going to say just kidding I actually had a buddy of mine make a less boring table base 😂
LOL! Your comment at 2:08!
fabric suggestion: SILK!
Denim. Would you ever try other composites? Carbon fiber could be fun. On an unrelated note, would you ever mess around with Japanese-style Kikku/Asanoha inlays? I saw some very impressive furniture there.
I think Scott should do a little project on the channel
That Damascus comment sent me 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
This table looks sick, you should make something similar but with coloured wood  veneer to enhance that psychedelic look😂 (it could make and insane wall piece)
;great!!! excellent video and a good job
Demin, very creative, great job.
How bout you just don't say dumb shit that is factually incorrect on your youtube channel and then whine about it?
5:08 this is not melamine! Please note melamine was not in your comprehensive list so you can not wish me bad things.
Denim but I'd love to see you try out other textile designs like tartan
Denim. Less roundover (Scott is right). I would have tried a roundover on the wood as well. Just my opinion. I don't want to be featured, as the Damascus guy. 😂
Denim is such a good material for you! You mentioned making 3 denim tables but I only see two on your channel - am I just glossing over something, or was that a hint about another video coming out?
It would be cool to see with black and blue denim layers
Denim. Damascus denim is even better. My great grandfather's Damascus steel shotgun is over our mantel.
Denim! Denim! Denim! Love all your videos and both denim tables came out amazing to say the least. More in the future please.
Denim looks awesome man!!!! Very cool project
Denim, Cam, as usual another exquisite build from you. Its great to see you do more projects with the denim. How about doing a pair of end tables with matching lamps in denim and collaborate with a wood turner?
"nobody likes you and we all hope that bad things happen to you" This is why I love your content, you just dgaf, and I respect that.
Just a thought, would it be more effective to use a spray gun in a light spray setting to apply your epoxy to each sheet instead of rolling every individual sheet.
I Think it would look a bit better if the wood pieces were a bit more rounded in profile. It would make the islands much smaller with more layers showing, if that makes sense?
Denim is usually cotton, so it makes sense that it would respond well to tools designed for cellulose. It's really interesting to see that it responds to being planed much the way that it does when cut without finishing the edges in sewing (the second any edge isnt encapsulated with something, it fuzzes up). If you wanna keep experimenting with fabric, try a viscose for an even more processed form of cellulose, or ramie/hemp/linen for bast fiber instead of a fluffy seed case.   Wool would probably create a really, really strong composite... But it'd also dull every tool you have and make your workshop smell like burning hair.
Never been a fan of the dark blue denim but that table is stunning. Always like my jeans well worn
alternate denim and burlap. would be the same color combo as this table.
Adding a few first layers in the same color should solve the problem you had with patches.
Denim :)
In the end.. he is making worlds biggest piece of Micarta. :D
Denim! This looks like the old Blue Laminate skin in csgo, nice!
That was fascinating. And you make me laugh.
Denim!!! Keep 'em comin'! Always enjoy the stuff you do and the way you share the wins and the losses. Thank you!
Well we dont like you either.. but you make fun videos fucking shit up so at least you serve as a bad example of how not todo things?  (Sarcasm is 100%) :P
EVERY time I watch one of your videos, I get 2 minutes in and go to hit subscribe and realize I'm already subscribed. I don't even do any woodworking but I absolutely love your channel, your projects, and the fact that you choose to do what you like and not listen to the "interesting people" in the comments! lol
Denim
Denim 😀
denim 👍
I love the callback to the staircase video with the it should be fine “think about it” thing. Also I do wanna say that this table is absolutely beautiful although I do think the base is a bit too bland.
Denim
not gonna lie, i preferred the table with the sharp edges
Denim.  This is a very cool medium, keep it up.
Denim- if you are familiar with Keith Haring this table reminds me of his artwork
Keen for more denim builds!
Denim very entertaining watch, a bit ugly tho :) keep it up
Denim!
denin goood wooork pls more denin
More DENIM
Denim! You could use loads of different colours layers in a specific order, to make a topography map.   Maybe even make your plywood bumps make a map of somewhere real
I’ve seen Micarta handles done in Damascus fashion and I have to say that this is, by far, a better pattern and more eye catching. Great work
I love that top it’s INCREDIBLE but the base almost looks like an after thought
It actually looks sooo cool, your my inspiration 😊
DENIM
Denim, love it!
Denim - this is a very spectacular table and incredible beautiful. Keep the experience going. 😎
Denim! Very cool project. Even though I'm not building furniture these days, I always pick up some great information from your videos, about tools, techniques or both. Thanks!
Denim... I wonder if bringing the wood pieces to more of a peak instead of a dome would give you the desired look. I really like the areas with more detail.
Also, it gets fuzzy since the denim is made from this fiber called cotton. Expose the fiber = fuzz.
Denim but also forged carbon fiber.
DenimYasss!! Love this for sure!! I really have pretty much loved all of your creations and you and Scott are the cutest couple!! Love how you guys work so well together cuz married couples often find it hard to work together ❤.. but seriously no taking away from you guys manly man isms that’s for sure ha ha your wife puts up with a ton and you know it lol… Seriously you guys do great work and you take pride in making sure that you keep your greatest woodworker in Damascus denim moniker! You do deserve it🏆🏆🥇🥇🎖️🎖️ truly thanks for such great content and information you are not just how to guy that’s for sure you deserve more credit than that and I’m sure you’ll give it to yourself at some point in time! Lol keep up the great work dude I really do love it🎉🎉❤❤🪵🪑🪑
denim :)
Looks like a vinyl wrapped massage table. Neat idea, looks stupid. If someone pays $17k for that, they’re just pathetic.
More denim and what good is a table or desk without a matching chair?
Denim - very creative and outside the box and your comfort zone. Love it 👍🏽
creativity, search of perfection and sarcasm, love it
Absolutely love your rant about trolls feeling the need to correct everyone on the smallest details. There nothing more annoying than when your having a spirited discussion with someone in the comments and a troll pops in to correct your grammar or spelling
Hey cam love your videos your always doing cool things but the guy you talked about at the start of the video is right there is a very real difference between pattern welded steel and Damascus in my opinion it’s very scamy to claim pattern welded steel is Damascus from a sellers point. Of view not that you did anything because the amount of effort that goes into making real Damascus is immense and it defames creators to sell pattern weLded steel at say 5 dollars where’s the real thing is hundreds.
Denim! Where do you get your threaded inserts from? The ones locally I found are pretty crummy. Thanks!
Denim. Do your thing.  Like what you said about people seeming to need to “correct” you in the comments. I wonder if they think they’re being helpful? Seems like wasted time and energy to me.
Why didn’t you make a denim chair for this table🤔
Denim is dope
Denim/No Denium; doesn’t matter to me, I’m here for the snarky comments!
More Denim! maybe in pink?)
Denim. But I think you should have used all three shades!
the base is made of wood and it will experience seasonal expansion and contraction wpnt it?
DENIM! I was skeptical at first, remembering your last denim table... but this one looks amazing!!!
I love the look of that tabletop, just love it! The base, not so much as I think something with more curve would suit the top better..but that’s a matter of individual taste.
"What the f#$k did you make now"
Denim. I absolutely love your wood projects but this is remarkably different and unique.
Denim! You really are on to something here- amazing!
Looks stunning
Denim! What a great table, cant wait to see more denim tables
Denim. Love your videos! I'm not sure I like the denim, but I like watching you struggle through making it. Lol! I'm not a big fan of the oak base. I like the oak denim contrast, but not that style. I think it could have been a little more outlandish. 😁 sorry for being so passive aggressive 😅
Denim
Fuzzy Damascus poker table?
These denim tables are better you hardly see videos of them, more please
16:45 I saing thins not a mean way but you are a furniture maker, and not a bad one.
Denim Dan!
magnifique
I'd like to see some more denim projects. Maybe try black and white denim next or something like that? The reason the table gets fuzzy after sanding is because that's just the nature of working with fabric. It's still a fibrous material and as you start sanding down layers, you're going to get edges of the top layer that will be fuzzy. Maybe try running a razor or some sort of scraper over the surface that will cut the fuzzy bits away after doing your final sanding and then start coating it?
Denim Vest !  Smart concept & execution, looking fwd to seeing more novelty develop. Once you reached 3/4" roundover it had a great look, but the extra 1/8" was fine - kind of like being used to a bit of extra amount cut off, hey.   L'Chaim !  The damascus pattern type is like 'raindrop', but more interesting due to the wooden raised layout - basically you made concentric countours like for hills on a map.  Saucy F bomb drops as smooth as the dome.
Denim that table looks awesome even with dodgy boobies lol
Denim... You'll probably always be the biggest woodworking youtuber named Cam!
As someone who does vacuum infusion on a daily basis, I just wanna say that: A. As intimidating as it might seem, it’s a surprisingly easier, simpler, and less time consuming process than wet layup, so give it a shot on your next project. B. Peel ply sucks. C. Pro tip: peel off the peel ply before breaking your product free. It’s easier that way.
Beautiful
Denim. Use Kevlar or carbon fiber that would be crazy
I have no problem if peppole correct me ... Nor have a problem with it...
First I've told you to tell all those na sayers to F off!  That being said denim is (in my mind) a working mans fabric, so pairing it with clear pine  or knotty pine would have been better in my mind.  3rd As an Aircraft mechanic that has worked alot with composites you did very good. The fuzzy's from exotic materials were always taken care of by an overlay of lightweight fiberglass then a finish coat of a maintenance manual product.  4th im stealing this idea and like your sho shugi table ill modify it to my needs. That idea made for a absolutely different and beautiful bass guitar.  Thanks much you awesome!I just wish I could send you a picture of them. 4 total. I'm going to have a very hard time selling 1 of them. It's going to be sweet!
Just in case you are not a self-absorbed a-hole and is interested in what actual Damascus steel is. Nowadays it’s called Wootz Damascus. And there is a pretty neat documentary about it here on YouTube.  While looking pretty close to the Pattern Welded Damascus it gets that distinct look in a different way (special metal crystallization process). Basically, you melt a single type of special steel and it cools down with that swirly pattern. The result is fairly homogenous on the inside, just with a distinct swirly pattern.  Pattern Welded Damascus is… a fake. Or at least a method that was originally used to crate fakes. Something looking close to a Wootz Damascus to sell to some gullible noble for an exorbitant price. Since the original thing (Wootz) was not sold on the open market. Looking roughly the same, but with none of the physical qualities. Basically, you take different types of steels (with visibly different colors) and weld them together in layers. Then distort to make look swirly. The thing you get is not homogenous, prone to delamination of different layers and aside from looking nice if fairly unremarkable. But since the shittiest modern steel is leagues better than the best old one (19th century and earlier) nowadays Pattern Welded Damascus is pretty much ok.  Yeah, it is worse mechanically than having a blade made form a single type of steel, but not by much. And it looks kind of cool.
one day i hope to be able to comfortably afford one of your pieces!
Very nice, maybe try it with leather next.
I love how this turned out, however I still think wood is superior.
Denim. That desk is sweet! I think you should do more denim projects....an entire denim office setup!
Denim….no denim….I’m not sure. The table is beautiful and interesting …..not sure about the denim
DENIM!!!! LOOOOVE YOUR CHANNEL!!!!! I'm not a woodworker, I am a super fan and enjoy your videos because they're super cool, you build incredible things and the videos are so well made!!!!. I think the reason why your denim is still fuzzy after doing your best to soak it with epoxy is the finish: the fabric finish. Mostly all textiles available commercially ready to manufacture clothing have gone through several processes: bleaching, dying, washing, shrinking, etc. The very last one is usually a heavy softener that gives the textiles their "hand feel". These coatings are doing exactly that; coating each thread and I would imagine on a very small scale, they do act as a micro membrane against epoxy, that gets broken only when you mechanically sand it and expose the inner structure of the cotton thread that makes up the twill denim fabric. Just a thought. Oh, and about the botched boob job design :) you placed the dark and light denim textiles in opposite directions: which (in my humble opinion) adds to the cool damascus effect.
denim which do you prefer?
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Denim - maybe the fuzzy feeling has to do with the denim fibers not actually being cut quite as low as the epoxy, due to them being really resilient? Could be when it goes through the planer, the epoxy cuts cleanly around the denim but the denim itself is more 'ripped' than cut, at a microscopic level. As in the fibers mostly getting taken off at the desired height, but a short bit of stubble at the end just getting bent/squished down rather than fully taken off.
Denim! I really like your new denim projects. (I like all your projects) I feel like it is not just limited to denim. Technically you could recycle any old cotton. Tie-dye shirts would probably give you a very psychedelic effect even though that’s not your style.
29:35: This table is for sale, link in the contents, it's $17,000 USD. I accept cash, cash, and cash. Poors need not apply. 29:54: Let me shit all over this table by pointing a dozen minor details that people with $17k to spend on a table would actually find interesting and quirky, but as an anal retentive not-a-woodworker furniture maker with ADHD, I have to be critical of.   This has to be some kind of four dimensional chess sales technique amateur woodworkers like me will never master.
Love this video and the creativity.i do think a smaller round over would have been better. IMHO.
Denim. Micarta often ends up with that fuzzy feeling. I have several knives with micarta handles, including one in denim. It, too, is fuzzy. You could check with micarta manufacturers or knifemakers to see how they finish their micarta.
Denim! I love it!
An idea, if you will make another one of these: making the pattern from smaller  superposed cuts of denim instead of plywood, inbetween the main sheets, a la "pea between the matresses". It'd be more randomized and subtler, and it might take some extra work, but it would be a 100% denim surface, and will be easier to compress.
Denim - this has the same color scheme as the Morbid Angel album 'Altars of Madness' and even has some of the same geometry. siiiiick
Denim.......Prior to watching the video, I was pretty cynical on the concept and on what to expect.  After seeing the finished product, I gotta admit, I like it!  Kudos to you for creativity and for reaching for the next challenge.......I think you're potentially on to some new market here......
çok güzel oldu
Denim! That base paired so nicely with the lighter color to darker denim. I want to see where this journey goes. psychedelic denim stools with a white oak base would be dope.
I really want this for a fabric cutting table!
Denim. Very nice Cam, a kind of wood\carbon fibre look in parts of it. It would be nice to see a light grey\dark grey\black version.
I wonder if thermoformable plastic sheets would make for lower-effort molds for epoxy pours with less of risk of leaking.  A single solid sheet that you bend the edges up on with a heat gun.  No gluing or seams.
Love the denim.  Next you should do a corduroy table with Damascus leather patches.  Your work is always stunning and I love the dry snark paired with mediocre woodworking! LOL
17,000 dollars for this table? You must be high off of resin fumes. This is not worth 17k. Your prices are fucking ridiculous.
Denim.  I love the colors an how it turned out
Love when people hate and how you respond 😂. Also table is at 17k right now, you are such a G for selling art at that pricing. Always a fan!!
DENIM. Yes. Also different colors of canvas, like the type used on wooden canoes.?
What about a leather and appoxy table
I bet you can do that with veneers as well
Denim..... I love the finish, well done ❤❤
Denim.  Absolutely beautiful.  Would love to see more of these
I've never seen a damascus table,, this is very cool 🫶 LOVE it
Denim!  That is the most freaking awesome table pattern I have ever seen.
Denim. I dig it. I wish I had enough money to commission you to make a denim recording studio desk with patches of all my favorite bands.
"What the F**k did he make now" Actually made me lol. Love the channel and the content and hope to be able to buy something you make eventually. Hope you have a good day!
Where is the video of you "restoring" the toy? Can't seem to find it anywhere
Denim! Let’s go Beavs! Great video definitely an interesting table!
This table is also, freaking beautiful, would love know what something like this would cost me in 10 years, when I hopefully can afford it.
po po po . . . . che meraviglia di lavoro
"nobody likes you and we all want bad things to happen to you" lol
Excellent job !
Denim-So long epoxy/wood tables! Hello Denim!!! This will start a new fad for sure. Table looks awesome.
Denim.  I really like it.  More demin projects please
Denim
Denim. That turned out real cool.
I literally just corrected someone on imperial measurements - better add that to your list - I feel bad now
Denim. It's incredible what's possible with this material, but I won't lie... it looks pretty ugly to me. I would never put that in my house. Maybe if I was a supervillain or eccentric millionaire.
Denim
Props to you for using safety goggles with that powerful UV light, if styropyro ever taught me anything, it's that you shouldn't mess with powerful lights. Well done
Denim! Or other fabric based laminations. Maybe try legs next, maybe try cabon fiber/aramid fabric, maybe glassed like a boat. Great work, great video.
Denim 🙌🥳 and of course it was gonna work - why wouldn't it? 🤭
Denim
That was the weirdest game of checkers I'd ever seen. (4:31)
denim!! love this idea
Denim. I loved the color saturation when you put the first resin layer on the sanded denim. It really made the different shades of blue pop.
Denim, do you think this would be durable enough for kitchen worktops? Loving the look of this😊
denim table top looks great but with all the nice bases you have built over the years this one looks cheap. Did not like the base at all.
Every time I feel like watching a video of yours I search your name an I see a recently uploaded video. How!?!? Just what I needed
Denim!!
Denim. Experimental. 2:54 Eck-spear-a-mental Correction: Eck-spare-a-mental
Denim !! It looks cool
I’m with Scott, I like the 3/4” roundover bit best! 7/8ths isn’t bad though
Denim, start experimenting with other patterns for sure!
Thank you for that list, can you put in the description for me to reference in the future? My mouth / typing skills usually respond faster than my brain's processing abilities, and I find myself untactfully stating things like you mentioned above, only for the recipient of my comment to reflexively eye roll.
Denim! Uselessknowledge: in Poland Adidas is synonymous for just a generic pair of sneakers shoes, the same is with Rover (rower) for bicycle, and Gilette (zyletka) for razor blade.
I agree with you that all those corrections are annoying, yet I still correct people on them. What is wrong with me?
Denim. I think the table looks great. The colors really go well together. My best guess about why it remains fuzzy after being saturated with epoxy is because the epoxy fills in the gaps between the fibers, but denim fibers are still very big and when you sand the epoxy down, it exposes the fibers. I think that you’d need higher pressure to force the epoxy deeper into the fibers if you wanted to have a smooth feel after sanding. Overall it doesn’t seem like a huge issue since a top coat of finishing epoxy yields great results.
Denim, And I love the table!
You know what is trash. Yap this table
Denim. It would be nice to see one with a real wood pattern. Could you pull that of?
Denim. This is micarta, it's used in making knife scales and handles. Unfinished it holds good grip even when wet, which is why it's used in knives. Usually the desired effect is that oils from your hands transfer to the knife over time giving it a "patina" look, also highly desired in knives. This is one of the coolest things you've made.
“Those annoying fucking screws” - ha! Right there with you, Cam
No denim, although it's enjoyable to watch you experiment with media other than wood, I'm hoping that you return to lumber projects. Part of the appeal in watching your channel is that I can identify with the beauty, denim is interesting but not fascinating. If you're looking for a way to experiment then look for new and interesting ways to craft your table bases: a table top will always be a rectangle or circle but the base is where your imagination can play. Keep making these videos, I've enjoyed them all.
Love it!
Denim!
I ❤it
I've always loved your work sir, but today I became a mega super fan . . . letting those keyboard warriors know what we actually think of them was AMAZING!!!  LOL!!  Outstanding!!!
Denim. Also, "Nobody likes you." 🤣
Denim. But the dark spots kinda looks out of place. If only there were a way to use dark layers for the layering effect but don't have any of the end up flat on the top layer.
Hey does the UV-light instantly cure the wax/varnish? Because you haven't mentioned that it does every single time you use it.
I hate how much I want this
No denim
D3nim
Denim, Please be careful with the UV light, if they are like the ones at nail salons a science report just confirmed they contribute to skincancer. Really enjoy your videos, big thanks from Sweden 🇸🇪 and yes, you and IKEA make great stuff 😅
I've planed and sanded wet wood before and it also gets fuzzy when you work with it.
19:36
This turned out really good! One of my favorites so far, Great work!
Denim. Cam, I really like the edge look of the denim over the top. Maybe a denim edge banding would be awesome to see. not completely sure on the top, but maybe if you only had the one raised space down the the middle, so that the denim look s like a set of elongated rings in a tree trunk. Again great work!
Beautiful!
As far as I know the denim becomes fuzzy after surfacing because of how the blades act on the epoxy-denim composite. The blades don't have anything to shear against (like scissors have a second blade that creates a shear point that smoothly severs material), jointers and planers have a set of blades which scoop out material. This works well for hard relatively homogeneous materials like wood and epoxy, not so well with woven denim and cotton fibres which flex and tear even when impregnated with epoxy.(it's kind of like a roided out weed whacker for woodworkers in that the fibres have the chance to to break at point away from the surface leaving fuzzy hairs). If you want to try something silly take a shaving razor to the fuzz and it should go away. Alternatively the more sensible route is what you have done, coat in more epoxy and then apply the finishing process to that new homogeneous surface.
Why the fuck do you wear Gloves when using your router table, ive seen too many bad accidents were whole Hands were ripped off like this.
Denim or No Denim. I can't decide! Very creative and beautiful completion of the project. You just do what gives you joy! I like your channel and will never be able to purchase your work but enjoy your process. I especially loved your bash on those who have the need to correct. I laughed when the list of terms rolled up the screen at lightening speed. Kudos!
Did you actually source the fabric from Nimes, France? If not, then I think this really just a blue jeans style fabric table done in the style of folded steel.
Denim! I really like this piece, beautiful
love the think about it joke in there
i hope you’re using fabric scissors to cut all that denim, that’s a lot of fabric to use regular ones for! you could even invest in a roller cutter (i’m sure they have an actual name) if you do another project like this
Denim...love the table top and the choice of white oak base... but as denim is dense, I kinda thought the table legs should have been a whole lot thicker... just to match the top... but I would love to see more
Really really nice table loved the light oak base too
Wicked! More denim. Thank you.
Denim. I didn't know Agent 47 made furniture! Who knew?!
Denim. That damascus/pattern forged looks gorgeous!
Very beautiful
even if they come from a brand name, they can still be words. These are called proprietary eponyms.
LEGOs
Your talking skills never fail to empress me, you talk in a video more than i talked in my entire life And table was masterpiece i loved it
I tune in to this channel to watch epoxy builds, not to watch a pissy host carry on a playground war with posters who criticize his bad moves. And no, your fingers were WAY too close to the spinning router blades. If you were innovative enough to watch you would be innovating ways to keep that from happening instead of cursing and conjuring up some nonexistent posse. I'm out of here.
Denim thanks!
Good work
Denim as a substitue for the wood in tables and the steel in smithing holds so much happiness in my heart. Seeng you create this Denimascus (TM) table brings me so much joy because it impressivly throws your enthusiasm for your craft, creativity for your projects and sense of art in my face all together. The f*ck around and find out part of it is just a comedy-bonus on top.  The table is incredibly beautyful and i cant wait to see your improved ideas on how to further strenghen your psoition as the biggest Denim-Resin-Youtuber!
No Coke.  Pepsi.
I love the table top, but for $17,000 I think you should've put more time into building a better base... those legs look cheap
So, this is very close to Micarta.  I make 1911 grips out of denim and construction paper as well.  You can actually create what looks like real grain with many layers and colors of paper.  The denim grips are my favorite material.  I do my grips under pressure in a wooden form.  BTW awesome look!  I love it! The fuzzy feel is something in a pistol grip that I love, sweat and slick grips kinda suck.  My oldest set, about 8 years old is holding up very well in frequent use.  Cleaners and oils do not seem to be an issue either.  I have made a few of the laminates with automotive pearl, metal flake and tri-color pearl in the epoxy.  In room light, low effect... in sun light amazing. BTW, you cannot break that micarta... even thin strips are so tough! I wet sand mine and go to 3000 grit on the laminated papers.  You can also custom shape a grip with a Dremel and finish out with fine wet papers.
Denim - That was fun to watch. I've always enjoyed your style of story-telling. I think you should just keep exploring materials that you find interesting for your projects and I'll keep watching. That table came out beautifully!
Denim
Denim Damascus, what an awesome idea. It turned out great!
Denim. This was an inspiring piece. Do you feel this could be done with smaller pieces and a planer that one might have in a smaller shop?
Denim!!! A table like this needs to end up in Matt's Duracell Project Sailboat.  He is a master of fiberglass and this would be amazing.
Denim - damascus denim - beautiful!
Cam - first video of yours I've seen.  Love your narration.  Informative and humorous.  And love this project!!
Denim... This is not craftsmanship This is plain ART!! No words! 😲
Denim? Honestly, I like the concept, but the Boring AF Blue just isn't my favorite color. Time for you to learn about warp and weft then call the guys at Gustin jeans to see where they get denim in colors that aren't boring: IndigoxBlack, Rainbow Selvedge, various brindles, Japan Dark Emerald, GreyxBlack, IndigoxPurple and other exotic-colored denims. Maybe do a Blacktail-Gustin collab with them on a table to be auctioned for charity?   Also, gloves and spinning tools are a great way to turn your hands into hamburger.
Denim!  This was really cool how it turned out… do more!  Maybe a matching set?
精美！
"What the F*** did you make now??" was gold lol
Damascus has been subverted to a buzzword denoting a look, visual style, or appearance.  Kind of like the word 'Zen' (Zazen) has. All good.
Like something from @positivecouple 👍🏼
Denim!!!!  I love the look.  I actually made some knife scales out of layered denim and left it "fuzzy" and I love the look and feel.  I made 3 knives so far with the denim handles and the changes in layers looks like wood, it confuses everyone who looks at it.
More denim. I love that denom damascus table... Why not a coffe table with a damascus pattern of your logo / workshop name
I like the denim projects.  I also like the wood ones.
Was the part where you laminated the bottom of the desk not shown in the video? The bottom no longer has those plywood "islands" visible at 23:08.
The first denim table you did is one of my favorites of all your projects because it looks so great and is so unique. This table came our really cool and I like the sort of "imperfections" you mentioned not liking (like the "breast augmentation" area, etc.) because it gives the textures a more interesting look. That being said, I sort of agree with you that this table is a little too psychedelic for my own taste but I'm excited to see what other kind of stuff you create with denim or other fabrics.
Denim, top looks amazing, I'm just not a fan of just such an minimalistic base, looks to cheap for the top. Can you get other colors of denim than just the blue ones?
Denim looks great, man! Nice job.
Denim or no denim. Love the table and projects with nontraditional materials as maximalism is way fun. As a designer myself, the base doesn't fit the psychedelic top. Maximal on the top needs something of equal energy. IMHO
Have you thought about trying the process similar to how they do carbon fiber??? By using the vacuum to pull the epoxy through the bag? Ensures complete saturation. Might help with it getting fuzzy after cutting and sanding.
No one likes YOU either.
Denim! Loving these videos. Finally, someone that agrees with me on how crap IKEA furniture is! It is gorgeous Cam, but your original denim table is still just the business!
Unfinished micarta feels the same. It's just epoxy bound fabric Probably something to do with exposed fibers
Can you imagine some random dude 10 years ago built a denim damascus table and uploaded a crappy youtube video about it? Lol
Denim. I like the drama of this one!
"to him and all the other interesting people in the comment section" man, that one got me literally laughing out loud at my desk!
Denim has never looked so satisfying
What kind of pants does Mario wear?
Just to annoy you it is called layered micarta not damascus denim.
Hey Cam how about a soft feel denim chair? I feel like those could go with any of your dark epoxy tables and probably feel pretty nice too. Might even be able to build a mold for it and replicate it. Idk sounded cool. Love your stuff brother 🤙
Denim!  These effects feed the imagination when looking at it.  Like staring at clouds.  It’s fascinating what will emerge from the shapes.
Denim. This is the best and largest woodworking how-to channel!
Siiiiick
You tell those "um actually..." people!!!
Denim...that table came out amazing !
Denim
Very Nice Denim Table.
Denim.  I think a darker base would have looked better. It looks good with the light colored based but I personally prefer darker wood so this might just be that preference talking. I also kind of wonder how it would have looked with all three washes of denim instead of just the two. It probably would have made the psychedelic affect worse but also might look pretty cool.
Denim - WOW, as a former historic reenactor, who tried to make "Pattern welded steel", I love this design of table.  Now, where would it work best in my house?
denim love it, nice work
Just because it's been used interchangeably for over 50 years doesn't make pattern welded steel true damascus steel, it just isn't and will never be. You can call it Damascus steel, but to say it's true Damascus steel is just wrong and straight up lying.  My guess to why pattern welded steel started to be called Damascus steel, 1. it sounds better and rolls off the tounge easier. 2. it kinda resembles it at times, but they are nothing alike.  Saying no one likes you and hope bad things happen to you because they explained and stated facts is a really low move dude.
How is a woodworker the funniest YouTuber I’m subscribed to???
The colour combination is absolutely beautiful
18:39 child labor
Denim! That is incredible! Really cool!! Worth the effort! :)
The most rancid title on youtube, but the table looks good
So you don't like the Festool 1400.  What router in that size range do you like?
Denim-ascus👖
Denim, I love these projects!
Lot's of Love from kolkata Bengal India brother... Love your wood play man..
No denim. Thanks.
DEMIN AND BOOBS!!!!!!!!
You should try teaming up with carhartt and get a couple different colors of canvas work pants to make a table out of.
Denim, but still love the woodworking!
I learned the hard way routering small pieces of small wood.  My index finger went into the bit and it took the top of my knuckle off along with severing my tendons, veins and ateries.  It will freak one out seeing blood squirting 2+ feet out of your finger!  That accident required seeing a hand surgeon to repair all the damage.
Looks amazing, great work!
Like it 👍🏻
Liked Denim - But More Fire Wood please, can't look away from the Maple Fire Table.
What’s your workout routine?
Denim, That  pattern Damascus style denim table, I was a bit unsure of the concept though the thumbnail and video more than prooved it was a good idea, I'd love to see more creative ideas
Denim! love it!
Denim, I have a background in art and if you slap a confusing dissertation onto this using words like “ontological” “coalesce” and “duality”, you could hang that in any contemporary art museum 😂
I think this would look amazingly cool with multi-colored denim like red maroon orange brown black and different shades of blue. This concept opens up a whole new realm of possibilities.
Denim, but maybe not so contrasty if you don't like the psychedelic look? OR, you just fully lean into it and get different colors and go full tie dye table. That's my vote. I think it came out great, what a sweet idea.
Denim- I think this table top looks great!  I’m a map nerd and it really reminds me of a topographic map. If you do another one of these you could plan/shape/position your wood molds so you make a topographical map of your favorite area!
Denim!
Denim table? Pah! Make some Mahogany trousers - then I will impressed! 😁
Denim! Love this, great work as always! Definitely gave me some psychedelic vibes but i think you could tweak that with some trial and error playing round with size of the wooden blocks.  How about using some foil sheets in between the layers? I bet brass or copper foil in between layers of dark demim would look amazing. If your friends wouldn't mind it going through their planer that is...
Great video, really like the looks of it
Denim . Nice table
Denim.  Great video
Now i have something to do with my old pants that keep getting smaller.
Love the top but not the base. Looks weak. But overall quite cool. Denim. 😊
Someone forgot to censor something 😅
Denim! The finished pattern reminded me of those topological maps used in land surveying, especially with those large pieces in the middle.
Look at Foundation gun stocks. They use micarta. They look sick, all CNC and temps don’t make it expand or contract.
Denim. Love it.
Denim Ilike it!
Everything you said in this video was exactly correct. I'm sure no one will have anything negative to say.
The painstaking effort paid off. You got the effect you wanted and it's impressive. I was not expecting it to look this good...I thought it will be too symmetrical; but I'm surprised with the result. Thank you.
Denim yes! Love the table! Definitely would like to see one with black and gray/ silverish color … oh and to make things more interesting, although I m sure extremely hard , LED back lighting… maybe?  Thanks
Seeing that finger so close holding the small pieces got me goosebumps.. 😱
Denim, but let's talk about your fuzz...   given the thousands of comments already you've probably already had the definitive cause but I'll offer my view after working in composites for a more than a few years (never with denim). The fuzz your feeling are the tips of fibres that have a higher abrasion&cut resistance than the epoxy, which may also explain the resistance through the planer, with the fibres being 'torn' rather than sliced by the blade. Man-made fibres, as in each individual fibre that make up fabrics, don't absorb resin, the resin cures around the fibres forming what's called the matrix (had to get that word in), locking them in place. Check with your supplier and find out how much polyester or anything other than cotton is in the denim.      Great table, seen most of your vids, keep them coming. Neil, England, Prosthetic Leg maker, bald.
Denim -The table looked amazing. How about making something like adirondack chairs made from demascus denim planks?
The completed top, kinda looks like the trippy art from the late 60's early 70's. I really like how it turned out, great video and fabulous job😊😊
This isn't actually denim damascus, it's pattern epoxied denim.
I nearly spat out my coffee when hearing the “IKEA looking for generations” bit. Brilliant.
denim! i liked the top a lot! but can't say the same about the base >_< it looks too simple for a top like that which i know what you said you wanted but it just dose not give it justice or so do i think  .. very great work and effort overall! and i would really like to see new ideas like these!
This channel is pretty irresponsible. You never see any chairs being made to use with these tables. Now he's withrawing perfectly good trousers from circulation. We'll all be squatting naked from the waist down for team meetings if he carries on 😡
Denim! This design is very cool. I also appreciate how you snap back at the trolls, it's given me a bit of confidence to do it to some of the ones I've had on my videos.
Denim: Would be interesting to use a CNC cut pattern with this technique, something enlarged and intricate like rhombus-cubes, kimiko patterns, honeycomb hexagons, water ripples, etc
Hmm, you could make a map table this way...
Denim!
I hope you soon realize that all of the negative comments you get come 100% from jealous deadbeats and you probably shouldn't even give those comments a shed of fame on your future videos. Your work is awesome,  and people hate you because you make more off one project than what the can make off government assistance in a year.
Denim looks incredible! I was blown away when you started to add the finish to it. Wow, it really popped.
Denim, Beautiful, not in love with the base, but I would love to own it.
Denim!!!
Ikea comment hits home. I get "Eww, I can buy a Gerber at walmart for 30 bucks"  ALLLLLL THE TIIIIIIIME. Also: Denimascus. Totally should make that stick.
Yes the 7/8 looks great
Holy shit, that looks so sick ❤
Denim, or is that Mr. Denim.....time will tell. Cool project! Love the creativity using different materials. I look forward to the next one!
Love the sarcasm and gaslighting the Karens and Joes :)
the complete lack of taste is suprising.
Cam, this turned out fucking beautifully. I think you have found your next medium to move forward with.
Denim. Looks absolutely amazing. Super impressive when it rolled out of the sander
Denim. I Don't think I've ever heard him curse haha.
For routing those small pieces, I wonder if it would have been easier (safer?) to screw a longer piece to them (with more than one screw obviously) to provide a hold point and stability. This is coming from someone with 0 experience with routing though :D
Denim table top but no denim to the table base
looks amazing
4:16 if you have to do this again could you screw a scrap of wood to the top of the small piece so you would have something to hold onto while using the table router?
what on gods green earth in a fluffernutter, I'm afraid to gogle it!!
Denim. I love the "What the F*** did he make now?" at 19:35. I'd take that as a compliment to your experimentation haha.
Denim idont like it .. most of the time, but ur finished product is amazing .. excited to see more 🤍🤍  Also im from damascus 😁and i understand both of the opinions about the argument about the steel ,but sure its a term to use without bothering about it.
Denim  Add one or two layers of red or orange to really get it to pop
2:30 - But... But... Frisbee is a name brand and they're actually disks!
In-frcking-credible Cam!! Got me inspired as per usual!!
No denim …. Cool build but not my cup of tea. On a side note I love your sense of humour Cam.
Demin. One must appreciate that it is actually a fabric and not wood, therefore funny bits of Africa and other things will be part of its unique nature. Really amazing Cam! You knock this one out of the woods (no pun intended)😄
Very nice but a darker frame would look better, maybe dyed blue.
2:08 comments like this are one of the main reasons I like your videos!  😂
I think this actually looks more like agate than damascus, especially with the light parts
The awful commenters correcting you are Gamma males.  Vox Day codified the Socio-Sexual Hierarchy of males, identifying the primary personality / behavior types into several categories.  It's an incredibly useful tool for understanding other men.  I recommend searching the term if you are interested in knowing more.
As a textile design tecnician i barely know anything about epoxy lol. But this is because even when imbued with substances (stabilizing resin/dye/water) flat-woven textiles mostly retain their structure. This means that when you plane it, you are scrambling the threads at the edge and “fraying” the fabric. If the textile wasn’t able to retain its structure it would be like planing straight up epoxy.   This specially also happens because of your heavy weight denim, because it has thick threads that make it hard for the epoxy penetrate the threads and fuse everything together. The resin actually goes into the spaces between. It feels soft because you can still feel the fibre itself.    Good non-stretch denim is 100%cotton. Cotton is essentially cellulose, which is also the reason you can work with it with tools for wood. In this case, the cotton is “working like wood grain” in the sense that the warp and weave threads are like long pieces of cellulose. If you make horizontal or vertical cuts, you can rip fabric. Same as when you split wood.   This is also one of the reasons why denim specifically retains its weave, the resin doesn’t completely fuse the fabric into one big hard layer because cotton is really strong on a micro scale, and the force keeping a thread together is very high, probably  stronger than the one keeping the epoxy together. It “wants to stay a thread”, just like wood grain.
You look just like the lead singer of the death metal band Aborted! Are you moonlighting? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCCU0p7CbOw
Have you ever considered doing a kintsugi style table? It's very similar to how you do the epoxy tables already but it could lead to some more interesting shapes.
Its really cool, Cam. Only thing I dont love is the base, I think it would look and feel better with a thicker stock used. Otherwise a very cool idea, love to see people take risks and explore their creativity!
Denim for sure! It looks so cool. I get a 60ies vibe. Are you up for trying it with other types of fabric Cam?
Definitely not a how to channel especially if you can’t make real damascus. Am I syrian or am I Joe king.
Denim. I want to see more but also want to see you dressed as Agent 47 in your next video please.
Denim: at the start I wasn’t too interested, almost looked goofy. I’m pleasantly surprised, that is a fine looking product. It’s cool to see the vacuum process. Well done Cam. You held my interest to the end and gave me a new perspective.
Love the list of "40 items" - I went back and forth on pause until I was able to see the full list.  Brilliant!
To denim, or not to denim? That is the question.  I made a counter for a desk the other day and used multiplex, that is normally used for concrete formwork. This was obviously not used yet. Advantages, cheap, thick, sturdy and long lengths.   Why I mention this? Because you said 10 years ago I would be happy with...etc I know my desk isnt close to your level. But the joy of making something yourself. They cannot take it away.   Thanks for sharing tips and fun!
I'm mostly sticking around cause the pieces do end up looking pretty bloody interesting+it's hard to beat a voice like cams when it comes to telling a 'story' or explaining things. Really. :)
more denim content pleaseeee
Denim.  Love it. It's definitely one of my favorites.
Denim! I would love to try and make a table out of denim and become the second largest YouTube denim table channel out there!
What about trying to incorporate some forged carbon fibre in your upcoming projects?
Denim..... it's entertaining.
The reason it gets fuzzy is because the fibers are ripped out of the epoxy but still stay attached on one side
Bigger is not always better, proof is in the details. Nice job
Maybe 1 more denim project 😂
Denim! In the future, could you put any comprehensive lists you do in alphabetical order? Thanks.
Denim, and love the end result!
Denim, WOW!! you did it again, awesome table.  Being a bit of a damascus nut, I thought you could never pull this off, happy to say I was wrong. Very beautiful!
denim!! this was one of those moments where i audibly gasped when i saw the pattern get revealed. i personally love the psychedelic feel to it lol, it seems very cool! love these videos, much love
Denim, I love the way it looks. We are always looking to the "wow" factor in our projects and this is it. The Blue color is good, but if you can try Black, Brown and Blue Denim; maybe a copper color to make it more unique. Awesome!!!!
denim uzumaki
That looks amazing. If you said it I may have missed it, but in knife making it would be more like a micarta. Absolutely fantastic.
Denim... Keep your demeanor and the prickly attitude/dry humor, you'll stay the king of woodworking. It shows you're a real person, and we're getting genuine thoughts of yours. And of course you make amazing art
Denim, yes... but WRONG! That ain't damascus denim... it's pattern-epoxied denim!
Finally!! I can have a good sleep ❤
Denim. This is like a giant version of some knife scales a buddy of mine made, a while back. Looks great.
Denim.  Pretty sure I spotted the Cookie Monster
“I just wanted to point out, nobody likes you”… I should probably not have had a mouthful of food when you said that. 😅😅😂😂 love it
Denim.  Have to say that I think this is in the Top 3 of projects I've seen you do on this channel. If I hadn't seen you put it together, I might have thought you found some sort of blue wood.
The vacuum bag looks like Bagartner restoration's hot table
LMAOLMAO/// love the list lol
Ew
Denim, but not the first patterned epoxy denim table I've seen...
Denim - What an amazing table.  Even the last one looked cool.  How about something way out of the ordinary to challenge yourself (as I know I couldn't do it).  Find a way to integrate denim into one of your awesome river table designs?
There’s a lot of guys who make knife handles this way. I’ve never seen it on such a large scale. I looks freakin awesome. Great jobs with the thickness of the layers. It’s something overlooked often.
Why have you started including the f-word in your videos... They always seemed clean.  I'm incredibly sad.  I enjoyed showing them to my family.
When I started this video I was thinking it was a ridiculous idea but boy that finished product is phenomenal.  As usual, a beautiful piece.
Denim- absolutely I love this project sooooooo much! Me and my dad watch your vids every morning and this is our fave so far! Please more denim projects!!!!
Very nice Cam, I am sure this will sell and will be treasured by the owner.
Denim.  Have you tried Rubio's LED oil? Would love another finishes video, except with the UV cured oils this time!
You think that’s bad?   People who foam from the mouth when you call a firearm Magazine a clip, or so fourth. I and everyone knows what a stripper clip is, and what it’s used for. I don’t care. “Hand me another clip Jimmy…”
Denim! Agree with scott, should’ve stuck to the 3/4 in round over. But super cool project and i’m loving this new medium, can’t wait to see what you’ve got coming
No, that's not what Damascus is. That's pattern-welding. Damascus is a specific kind of steel. Exactly why it's called Damascus has been discussed, both commonly accepted answers involves the city of Damascus. Actual Damascus steel had a sort of pattern to it. And it was very good and very desired. So, people realized that, you could fake this pattern and claim it was the real deal when it wasn't, and sell it for more than you'd get for your ordinary other steel. This was pattern-welding. Today, in particular, there literally no reason for pattern-welding, we have access to far better steels. So, the only reason to do so is, "pattern pretty". And if you can call it by a cool name, even better!  As you, yourself, noted. As for not liking me...that you want to use the incorrect term for a historically relevant object? Only shows that you're a sad person who're upset that you got called out. Nothing else.
DENIM! Great idea, LOVE the effect!   Base was a bit too basic, for such a (beautifully) psychedelic top. I hate to say this, but to me, it looks like you just knocked the sides out of a shipping container, kept the frame, and called it a day. Also would have made the base a richer brown. Not dark though.   Would love to see this top on an actual sturdy desk, with many drawers, a pull drawer for the keyboard, ect. You know, the type of desk you'd see in a home office, with many book shelves lining the walls
Didn’t like the base at all. But cool concept
DENIM!! It turned out totally awesome with the Denim and the white Oak works with it to
I LOVE the fact you put Zamboni on the list!! LMFAO I work and cut the ice at a local rink and everyone calls them Zamboni's. Well for sheeple that don't know Zamboni is the name of the company that built the ICE RESURFACER we, at our rink, have Olympia ICE RESURFACERS!! LMFAO
Denim - My Math class thinks that Denim is the way to go and a way cool table! Have a great day!
Denim! Yes keep making more. Is denim available in shades of gray?
Denim! Very cool! Please make more!
Awesome!
Denim Base? Hey Cam can you add a black border to the editing comments to make it standout from the white walls for readablity. Example 23:03
I laughed my ass off when you told the audience that No body like you and you will be left off the soft ball team  THAT MY FRIEND WAS GREAT.  Thank you
jable
Denim!!!  How much did this cost to build?
The base gives me a jeans and white tshirt vibe I love it
Denim, I wonder what it would have looked like wit you had used different colors of denim (Blue, Green and Khaki)
Denim of course these are really cool projects. While I'm not being corrective I think you are using the wrong terms. Technically what you are creating is micarta. 😂 sorry I couldn't resist fueling the fire.
I think i know the answer but could you use the vaccum infusion on wood tables to make spredding and filling gaps easier?
I thought this was Jerry Rig Everything, realized it wasn't at 1:24
Denim! I love the color and finish on this table. Definitely one of my favorites.
This actually looks great! The look reminds me of a laminated rifle stock.  So, a future project to do is a denim rifle stock.
Denim! That is amazing!!! Greatings from Germany, just subscribed.
Denim I personally think walnut base wood had given better contrast with the blue denim top. 29:36
Less denim for me... Have you ever considered a full video of the comments like you do at the end?
Ok Cam here ya go. Do you know what you’re actually making? It’s a micarta table. lol that’s for real. Man I love your videos and can’t wait for more. I’ve watched you for years. Keep up the good work. P.s. I’ll be staying til the end just commenting early.
That's not a Damascus Denim table it's a Topographic Map table made at Ikea...
Shit. I left my Thermos in the Jacuzzi again.
Denim! This damascus pattern is an absolutely unusual and beautiful look. I would love to see a similar table that picks up the wavy and flowy look of the surface also in the shape of the table itself and the stand, more organic shapes and not rectangles.
Denim. Love the Damascus Denim top maybe check out Alex Steel for some ideas to take it a step further. Twisting and like butcher block type stuff. Also could you use the sun to bend it... As to it fuzzing up it seems the same as MDF. I have found with MDF if you prime the fuzzy areas then give it a very quick light sand 120-240 grit it get rid of the fuzz. Maybe we'll another Light sand after the 1st finish. Always dig your work there's beauty in the mediocre 😅👍
Denim.  very cool concept
Как маска полнолицевая называется?
Denim - Very cool Cam, looking forward to the next one!
Denom - this looks very cool, Love it!
Denim good job.😂
Denim/No Denim, you're choice. This time next year, cheap chinese denim tabletops will be everywhere.
@Blacktail Studio..Hi Cam, You are absolutely right about the fuzzy texture of the denim even after the resin is cured. It does happen with various fabrics including Kevlar. Mostly, fabrics like denim, canvas and even paper is used for making micartas, so you have just made a huge micarta. The fuzzy texture has two reason, either, the fabric needs to have lower Fiber to Resin ratio or has limited absorbance of resin in its fiber due to synthetic nature. I have shared what i have noticed/learnt so far with my limited experience with resin for various applications. I am open for corrections.
Great video as always ! for Peel ply removal, it is soo much easier if you cut it with scissors at the edge into like 4-6" stripes and pull them one by one.
denim. That looks so absurdly cool!
Nice, but as you say, "A little bit psychedelic". I don't think I'd use it as a desk.
13:41 I lost my shit LOOL
Out of a million tries, I never would've guessed that x-acto nife is spelled like this.
Love it, more denim
Denim, I would buy it if it was in my budget and my wife was on board…
Denim denim denim  Mario in my head now.  Thanks Cam.
Denim projects are cool.
I wonder, what sound it makes when knocked?
"Denim" by far makes a bitchen psychedelic surface in my opinion. Love the simplicity of the table/desk but then you have the psychedelic top. Kinda reminds me of myself. Im just simple but, on top is a perfect example of my brain.  👍
Denim for sure... a really neat concept and you're right about the white oak, it pairs perfectly with the blue.   Maybe consider incorporating some sort of darker leather for some contrast?   Love every one of these builds, please keep up the good work.
Denim… I’d love to see you make a denim chair BUT… something with a hidden internal frame so the whole chair looked like it was made out of denim… however maybe impossible because of the flexing that may undoubtedly crack the epoxy!!!
Denim for sure. I you definitely are the best slightly above average epoxy denim welded mesh iron damn ass cuss artisan.  Anyway, this turned our amazingly. I am going to attempt an epoxy and fabric table in the next few weeks, just waiting on some tooling to arrive.
Not trying to be a jerk in the comments, but is there any specific reason for wearing gloves while using the router table? I was always taught not to wear gloves while using tools like that because they could get caught and pull you in more easily.
You should do whatever keeps you interested.
Denim 😁 Looks awesome and unique. Love it 😁
Denim! It came out a lot better than I was imagining, and I already had great expectations! Amazing work!
Definitely denim, I had to pause for a while just to look at all of the different patterns and shapes that it made. That is a awesome table!
Four
Denim - I think it would look awesome if you did a pattern welded denim table using ONLY the small dot pieces of wood. It would make the whole table look like water droplets in a pond!
Denim. It’s very creative and different. Looks cool. Can’t wait to see you start doing this with leather. Then we get to hear a whole bunch of new comments. Hahaha
Denim! the slab looks so great but imo the base is so underwhelming and looks quite cheap… the leather legs of the other one were a bit too much for my taste so maybe next time something in between? Great stuff anyways and thanks for the video
Denim creates a pretty interesting table for sure. I took a composites class in college and you nailed how we were taught, which can be a pain in the rear. Pretty awesome concept and execution.
no denim: more denim :D
Denim. This isn't true Damascus denim though. 🥸
Denim all day. Also, I would reccommend maybe doing 4 layers of one color, 4 layers of another etc. really cut back on that Psychedelic look you were talking about but still give you pattern when smoothed.
Most definitely DENIM, I liked the other table you made (which “wood”be number two of the three)l something different to the norm, maybe other material to try?.?
You're using a brad point bit as a transfer punch.  Maybe you should buy some transfer punches?
Stop making  wood tables in future  make  denim  tables
You should try brown denim for one table. And, alternating black and grey denim for another table.
Denim! How about a denim guitar body?
Denim  What is the weight of that table? The same as wood or more?
Without epoxy, this channel wouldn't exist. And without cheese.
Heavy on the denim and even heavier on the snark, lol
With composite denim before  and have varying results with thinner epoxy mixes iam not sertin but it could also be some kind of fabric coating not letting in the resin penitrat the fiber leaving the fuzzy feeling when worked. I have had the thought but haven't tried soaking the denim in a solvent prior to infusing or using a product like cactus juice witch probably wouldn't work for your ues due to needing to be baked to cure . Table looks nice either way 👌 👍
Denim
MORE DENIM !!!
Not the biggest fan of leg design, takes all the elegance away, but the table top is gorgeous
Denim made to look organic. Embrace the imperfection, for it is a part of all of us!
"What the fuck did he make now?" at 19:35 pretty much sums up the level of absolute insanity, and pure crafstmanship skill you put into your projects and I love watching every single one of them.
make an entire denim couch
denim - Please be event more crazy with non-normal materials - Its awesome
That’s way too big of a round over. I know you are exposing more of the pattern. But, it is a big round over
More denim ,Amazing work. Wish I could afford one.
How do you gauge the number of times going through the planer without reaching those wood inserts you placed on the table?  Table looks absolutely amazing. Good work.
in the intro are those earnest wright scissors ?
Denim - the final frontier! Just a friendly idea: Please don't roast me in the next video, but maybe next time you need to route little pieces, you could attach them to larger pieces. In this case you could put 1 or 2 screws from the back. And a little spacer between, if needed for router bit clearance.
DENIM! Denim! denim! Loved the video! Your creativity is truly remarkable.
I'm a knifemaker, and I always find the "it's not true damascus!" people to be really amusing. The term has been in common usage singe damascus shotgun barrels (yes, the were called damascus, not pattern welded) were first marketed. People find the funniest things to get their knickers in a twist over...  Fun project Cam! Thanks for the video 👍  But I *do* find your use of "pattern welded" to describe your marking knives late in the video highly amusing 😂
Denim! I love how it gets a dot matrix printed look, or like old printed comics with Ben Day dots. Very cool, very psychedelic!
Denim - As a sewist and all around fiber artist with a love of instructional woodworking content, the denim table ticks all my boxes.
denim but i would branch out into other matrials / patterns carbon fiber? ecapsilate  an airloom quilt?
Denim. great project
Also, anyone that tries this. I would make a shorter “dot” than all the others and placing it in a corner area or somewhere that you know where it’s always at. Then you can count down your demon layers surrounding that point and know if your going to fair before you do, if that makes sense.
Denim! The first denim table was amazing but this is another level! Such a beautiful work, I love this so much! This may sound crazy but I think this design would look incredible a tv panel 🔥 Great work as always sir, I love your videos!
I’m sorry, you sure it’s not called a jamascus pattern jable?
That is so beautiful, it would look magnificent with my new art deco style grey couches.   And a huge blown glass blue ornament of sorts on the coffee table to bring it all together.
denim. revolutionary.
Denim!   Great love the look of it nice work Cam!
I had this idea years ago and still have some small cutoffs from old jeans. Cool to know it works though! Want to make some knife scales for myself.
Denim. I didn’t expect to like this build but by the end of the video I really liked it.
The Denim has dunn-it again. Those tables are really nice. Maybe I'll one day crawl out of student debt and become comfortable enough to either build or buy one....not from ikea of course 😂 great job guys, you're doing good.
This is beyond cool. You can try similar ladder patterns and stuff next!
Definitely Denim, how did you know that you wouldn't plain it too much so that the wood bumps wouldn't show? Was I just rough balling?
Cool Idea. will be interesting to see the next versions.
Denim. If denim doesn’t go through seasonal contraction and expansion then why do my jeans get tighter around Christmas time?
Just call it “Denimascus”. It’s something of your own design so nobody can tell you its wrong 👌
Denim again please sir
denim
Your list of 40 things would have been better if it had been in alphabetical order...
HOLY JESUS i didn't realize the table was gonna be $17,000
Denim and not a question but I’m so glad I found your channel cam and might I say I too hate those little f’ing Ikea screws  lol
I actually LOVE this ❤
Denim - I wish this technique was more approachable because I would LOVE to make a really psychedelic desk top out of several colors of denim or other fabric to give it a tie dyed look! Really cool, Cam.
I hear you saying that I don’t like you and Izzy Swan saying I should make a vacuum cup holder for things that have at least 1 square inch of fully suctioned material to router.   I bet it would work but only Izzy would make it.
Your pattern blocks need to be thinner. This will spread your lines out and make it a little less psychadelic.
Its been a while.... more videos pleeese
Such an awesome project. How would you go about making it less psychedelic? Just make the underlying wooden parts less thick?
Denim, who would have thought?  Very creative, I wouldn't mind seeing if you could infuse leather into the top as well...  Perhaps route an area for the leather so it would still be flush.  Just a thought.  I actually stopped the video to go through the list of terms.  Funny stuff, sir.  I don't watch much you tube, but I enjoy almost all of your videos, I feel like I've learned something when I've finished viewing, instead of numb.  Thanks you, sir.
Denim! This is the coolest table I’ve ever seen! Great job Cam
19:35 , great background character
It’s one thing to even think of something like this, but then to actually make it as intended is another. Really well done.
No Denim. I can't believe it took you two months to produce another video. The script was pretty good though.
Denim!  I could see you doing a pinko/marble run undulating terrain game foundation at this point.  Varying up fuzzy vs. smooth for different friction levels.  :)
DENIM great entertainment
No Denim.  Cam I love watching you work however, I enjoy the wood builds as I see myself doing that and not the denim and besides my wife would kill me if I started to purchase rolls of fabric.
Denim. Definitely! That is a beautiful table!
Denim. Cool look. Maybe a tad too much. But, I'm sure someone will love it. I like it !
no denim for me
Denim for sure, how cool would it be to do this with colored fabrics. I'd love to see you do an orange and black one. Keep up the great content
I like the " WTF did you make now " :D
Oh thank fuck, I’ve finally got quality videos to watch before bed.
Denim. Love your build as a nice project to find out the characteristics of working with the material and how it looks as a damast pattern. But I think too much Denim isn't easy to fit into any room. I could rather imagine that this pattern combined with your epoxy/wood design would an awesome combination. Maybe for example as a River Table with the denim as the bottom of the "river". What do you think about it? 😊
Denim- love the projects!  Guess on the fuzzy feel- maybe it’s because the cotton fibers are essentially like a super-soft wood grain, and even though the infusion surrounds the threads- since they’re made by spinning cotton, individual fibers are still exposed as you sand into the threads?
Demin - Loving the work that you do and "pushing the envelope" on woodworking... Maybe create a matching chair with a saddled seat to show the contoured lines.
I’d love to see a replication of the textured shou-shogi ban side table you did a while back- maybe minus the fire (be a hell of an end grain pattern with the “scalloped” effect on that tall of a denim stack!
What a nice idea! You can actually create real maps using this technique. You can even write, if you want to. Man, a full white (or black) denim table with a wood base would look awesome.
Look at this video. Baumgartner design. He has a hottable were he has a vacuum. 11:02
Denim. I like the look of the table. If I had unlimited funds I'd want a desk for my home recording studio. That would be a cool build as studio desks are fairly complex as far as shapes and features go. Probably not likely to see one ever being made, though, as that's about as niche a product as there is for furniture.
Definitely went too far on the round over in my opinion. 3/4 should have been the max. Probably would have stuck with 5/8.
Denim. Denim Micarta to be specific. How about something more natural looking like a coarse grass cloth or burlap? Or alternate coarse and fine weaves?
Denim, not a fan of the wood personally, I think a darker stain would have worked better
Well, it certainly is.. something.
Denim! This is fantastic, I love the experimentation happening here. I think I liked the first denim table better, I don't think the boxy base and psychedelic top vibe quite as well in this iteration, but that's just preference on my part, and I'm super excited to see this series continue!!
Another great video. Phenomenal work. I love your crazy idea projects. It reminds to always keep adding new skills to our lives
denim i love it
I like your videos, but to say this "nobody likes you and i hope that all the bad things happen to you" (or something like that) is so unnecessary. I still wanna see your videos, but please keep these toxic comments (as a video maker) out of them, you are better than that i'm sure
Denim. That is a sweet-looking table. Well done.
You might not like pedants but you need pedants, they are the sacrifical lambs of truth, if they didn't exist exact accurate perfect abstract truths won't exist too, hate them all you want but they are necessary from their own point of view.
Denim. Cam I think you’re a little to hard on yourself, however, as someone that always wants to strive to do better I can understand where you are coming from. I thought the table came out amazing.  It definitely has that Damascus look. Your ideas and creativity astound me! Keep up the great work. Looking forward to seeing other projects you come up with.
Denim: Love it. More, please.
19:35 LMFAOOOO
Denim, I second all the this table needs a matching chair comments.
Denim - I love what you’re doing here. It’s so unique and the build turned out amazing. It reminds me of G10 knife scales.  If you need some inspiration, maybe check out some micarta and g10 scales for color combos.
Amazing
You can add Romex to your list of 40 items to not rename.  Ubiquitous terms are what they are.
Denim! but to answer the question about why you get denim fuzzies after epoxy, the epoxy is only filling voids and although does pernitrate the denim to a certain amount, the fabric itself is still pretty dense. when you plane off the top, you expose all of that original fabric and the epoxy just sitting around it. the individual threads, now cut, can come free. thats the fuzzies you are getting.
28:34 my favorite part of the table is where the smaller circles are, If you ever did another one I would do all that size of circles, and alternate white and colored canvas to make a jawbreaker candy looking type rainbow abomination :)
Denim Damascus who would of thunk. OH  YOU!  Great job as alway Cam, thanks. Btw I’m one of your Oregon subscribers down in Silverton.
Denim, well time to save up some money, now I want one of these.
Denim!
Denim - I think this looks kick ass and more like this!
Denim! I can't imagine why the entire world isn't subscribed to this channel.  I'm just a regular old gal but I can't get enough of watching you do your thing in whichever medium you choose.  Keep on keepin' on, Cam.
2:05 I have never laughed so hard at a YouTube video in my life.
great work! more denim!
The commercial that played during this video this had a "Jable" in it too. ALL. DENIM. ALL. THE. TIME!!!! Also the guy saying "what the fuck did you make now" was hilarious
Denim, More woodlike patterns, less psychedelic next time.
Denim. The grains are too uniform for my liking. Maybe try different height and slope of inserts to make the grains different. Maybe even different thickness of denim.
Denim. This is just spectacular !
Denim .. yes please, more !!
I'm sure someone has already said in the comments, but in case no one has... What you were ranting about at the beginning of the video, associating a name brand with the product, is one of the biggest accomplishments a brand can achieve; it's called 'top of mind,' and it's no easy feat.
The Ikea bit was hilarious - because it's true. :D
Denim. Keep up the entertaining content
Denom looks amazing. I think you might have something here. You are the first kid on the block. Better start popping them out fast before the copycat folks get their hand on this. LOLOL You are truly masterful in what you do for sure.
Stayed the end: 'denim.... needs matching coffee table. 😊😊😊
best comment what the fuck did you make laughed my ass off love the table cam see you in a couple months
Love how you lay into the trolls. Keep it up
very cool, now try a mokume denim table
Denim- what about other fabrics? What about lots of colors of felt? Something really bizarre.
Denim! That is beautiful. Goodness, your projects are HIGH art... AND, the N3 nano coating is excellent! I used it on an outdoor cedar table, sofa, and chairs a few months ago. It has rained almost every day since, and they look as good as when I applied it. The N3 really popped the grain on the Cedar.
Denim - Cool video, very unique table
No denim. Sorry, but I don't like it much ;-). But good video as always, though 🙂
Glad you finally found a way to make epoxy tables without ruining nice wood slabs!   Jk I actually like epoxy/wood tables and think your denim tables are a pretty cool idea. I am more partial to Walnut myself, but it is cool to see you trying things for the sake of learning something new. I also wanted to say thank you for all of the tips and tricks you show. Many of them have helped me out as I have been trying to become a better woodworker.
Denim. Loved the table waiting for more videos
denim  luvly jubly
Check out g.l.hansenandsons on Instagram for some Micarta inspiration
Denim! Omg where do you get your denim? I cant do a table but serving trays and smaller items would be so fun to make!
No Denim, I think the Denim projects are cool but I much prefer watching your videos on actual woodworking. Also less epoxy, again epoxy is cool but I think the fully epoxy look is becoming dated.
Wow, this Denim desk is out of this world. I love your work!!
Bada Ba, Ba, Ba, I'm deniming it.
for finishes and ideas look into denim micarta knife handles
More denim...I love the top. That looks amazing.  The base is dogshit, tbh
Denim long time watcher from the shadows first comment. Love the channel and love the creativity and look of this top. Someone will be very happy with it. As a woodworker we have to remember that everyone else (customers) have different tastes and just because we may even hate it. Someone out there just might absolutely love it.
Denim all the way ☺
To denim or not to denim, that is the question.  I was thinking about the issue with sharp edges you had to round manually and I found a great solution (says someone who has not built a single table yet). How about to round the frame as well, in my head it looks just gorgeous 😂, but it might be worth a shot.
Denim, absolutely!
You paid like $300 for your first car? Totally wild.
Denim did table took the same amount of epoxy like the last build?
To denim or not to denim, that is the question. For me the denim tables are meh, but the process you go through to make them is still cool to watch and learn. I expect you're going to have more fun and make better content doing something you enjoy, rather than going through the motions of "yet another epoxy table". With that said, I think some of your older pieces were some of the most unique looking tables I've seen. Side note, how many of you all paused the video to read the 40 words ?
Denim...looks amazing how about next time you use different color denim to look like skateboard plywood?
Demin Starry Night table!
denim, always fascinating to see weird materials like this.  Also loved that guy at CW reacting to the planed piece
Denim 19:34 - 19:38 my favourite  moment from the whole video :D
👍
I love it! Do more, different stuff. Experimentation is the best exercise for a creative mind.
feels like you aired alot of issues on this video LOL
Denim is good - both are great!! Thanks lads - you make special content and projects!!
Ain’t no way I’m sitting at the fucking Jable
Definitely more denim projects. Very cool concept.
Denim, not sure about base, the colour is great but for me it looks too boxy the table top is great
GED 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Denim. Very cool table!!
Dude, don’t worry about the people who criticize. They just wish they had the success and or ideas that you have. Keep doing what you do and call it what you like. The “woke” will eventually go away and order will be restored by the people who respect what you do - How To or just Entertainment! ❤
Denim "Micarta" tables are cool Cam. This one blew my mind.
business with the base, party on top! love the look of this. more denim please
Denim.
Denim for sure good looking project!
ok ok mr penis snipper
Denim.  Awesome look.
Denim: looks great Cam
When you were curious about why it gets fuzzy, keep in mind that in the epoxy there's still many fibres which the planar exposes and "pulls" out of the epoxy. That is, in my opinion, the most likely reason why.
Denim.
The reason for the fuzzy-ness is the sharpness of the planer.  I know from working on carbon fiber parts that once the Cutter gets a bit dull, the surface remains a bit fuzzy/matte.
to add to the list, Ziploc baggies, Skillsaw(worm drive),  Sawzall, Channel locks, Cresent Wrench
Denim. Another great video. 🤌
Denim...Very nice, keep up the good work.
Your starting to get used to having a extra set of hands on site. Gone are the clips of extreme struggling
You always mention your failures that were failed videos, when will wet get the “BlackFail Studio channel” ? I’d love to see video projects that just didn’t work out
Get over yourself. How about, something really bad, happens to you, hah?! Table looks like crap.
I love what this channel has become 👌🏻
Denim! I love how different it is, really nice piece ❤
Try using different hight wood so your demascus won't look uniform. Nice idea though. Also try 20 layers and a plywood base.
Please can you have Johnny Sins do an intro for one of your videos 😂. That would be brilliant.
Denim... You're so serious at the end of the video. It's of course very original but I love the result. Like to see an other one, with different pattern.
Denim! Looks pretty cool. I might have liked seeing two colors closer together though.
Denim
Denim brilliance! As usual outstanding creation😍
Holly Molly that looks Cool , I watched All 🫨🤯
Wow you got a little spiteful about the force welding guy... what happened? I honestly think you're usually very good at hitting back a sort of kindly  Also now I kind of am interested in the difference between 'true' damascus and force welded steel. On YouTube so far I've only seen peope do force welds apparently.
To denim or not to denim that is the question. Great video Cam.
Denim, but with better legs imo. I feel that a more modern metal frame could be an even more interesting idea. Cheers!
After watching your video working with a vacuum bag I can finally relate to the pain of "normal" woodworkers watching your channel.  Fun video nevertheless;)
At the end of the day, they’re still watching and you’re still making money from their views.  Enjoy!
your lumps and bumps needed more varied and shallower slopes to get a better more varied "damascus" feel...
Denim: An absolutely beautiful table.  I love your work. I wonder if this process could be accomplished for a waterfall countertop?
17k for a table made of denim?  Come on Voldemort.......that's just evil!  😂😂
Denim, botched breast augmented pattern lol.  Looks good Bud!
I think its getting fuzzy again because when you sand or cut it you tear little fibers out of their epoxi enbedment. Peter Brown had the same phenomenom when he made a bracelat out of Denim and Epoxy. I think the Denim dont soak up the epoxy on a microscopic level
I can’t believe that this is the first video I realized that the “mold release” is not for actual mold but instead for the mold you made
Denim.  Just way too cool. nice work and way to think out of the box.
Denim.  At 23:31 I blew on my screen.  Thats immersion.
I think after you took the wood out of the back of the table, its back looked cool. Wouldn't you like to make the same table, turn it over so that there are pits from the pieces of the wood on top, and cover the top with glass?
Denim - Levi's should commission some of these from you for their stores
Denim! Pretty neat Cam. I think 3/4" was probably enough...but beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Denim
Man that looks so cool! I’m really happy for you this one came together!
I bet those people that corrected you also use phrases like "Facial Tissue" or "Bandage" or "I'm so lonely I have no idea why nobody likes me" Love your videos, love your humor, keep up the amazing work.
DENIM. great piece of work!! Very different and I love the patterns!!!
Do you know what Mario's ( Mario Brother's) favorite fabric was?  Denim Denim Denim
Awesome!! Love the table!!!!!!!
Even though I'm into learning to bake Artisan Bread at home, I have followed you for several years... even showed your videos to carpentry classes I subbed for, as a retired teacher.  I NEVER HAD AN INTENTION TO DO WOOD WORKING AT HOME.... my dad had a shop in the basement of our split level on Long Island, NY... I could never stand the saw noise.  One day, I intend for you to build me a dining table with the resin... YOUR WORK AND DISPOSITION ARE TOTALLY AUTHENTIC AND PRICELESS!  KEEP IT UP!
DENIM. It’s hard to overstate how cool this is. Great work and great video!
Denim, more denim please, that looked so fun and interesting to make!
Denim's really interesting as a table material - it's a shame you can't really get the surface protection aspect without sacrificing the texture of the fabric.
Denim!  Fun video, great job. Wow, those little pieces on the router table were sketchy AF!
Denim, Love this project, a beautiful creation!
Denim
I WOULD NEVER ROUTE TINY WOOD PIECES LIKE THAT.. YOU SHOULDNT GAMBLE IT AGAIN EITHER..
More denium tables
Where did you get the larger of the 2 led lights?
I've watched a lot of your videos over the last couple of months and this is the first recently uploaded that i've watched. Thanks man this keep me inspired and fascinated by wood. hopefull i'll get the opportunity to make wood working my hobby when life is less busy. Until then i'll keep coming back to your channel and enjoying the lessons you provide.  Peace. Love. Happiness✌
Denim, Good entertainment.
looks great!
Heya Cam ! If you want to make a untreated demin table, maybe make a small mouse pad to have at yours or Scotts computer first. Make sure it holds together ! Love your work, keep it up. Always watch your videos same day they release.
Denim
Denim!!!
Denim, that is the most beautiful table I’ve ever seen. No joke.
Denim
Denim damascus, what an interesting idea! Tough technical challenge, I’m sure.  … haha, love the sarcasm
Denim Damascus?!? UMMMM Achshuly Denim Damascus is just called Micarta /s
Came here for the woodwork, stayed for the commentary and slating of internet weebs
sooooo cool!
just another insane build for the epoxy king.. this is so cool
Beautiful tabel ....i love it ❤
Denim - Foosball table?   thanks for the vid! cheers
Denim. Would starting the base with peg board help pull the denim to the shape molds better when the vacuum is applied? I think it would plain off pretty easily too. If it did work out you could put a couple layers of denim between the peg board and shape forms and have the bottom finished without adding additional layers or work.
Looks unbelievable - denim!
While I don’t have a reason, my head says that the denim gets fuzzy again for the same reason that end grain stands up over and over again when trying to get a good finish
This is what I love about YT.  I had a custom woodworking business for 25 yrs that included, among other things, building a functioning miniature craps table (5’ x 3’ x 2’) out of solid oak as a coffee table.  I know it’s the only one in the world since I built it from scratch from a photo I took of a real table in a casino.  I had a casino executive offer me $10K for it (this was in 2002), when I said no he offered with $15K, when I said no again he offered $20K and at that point I said …. No, there is no price to sell it.  Then he wanted to commission me to make him one but since I didn’t keep any of the jigs I used to make all the parallel chip rails from solid oak I said no, again.  He was not happy.  The point of this story is I know exactly what it takes to create ‘one-of-kind’ pieces and I really appreciate your continual witty smack downs of some of the most dim witted trolls on the planet who continue to infest YT …. Bravo.👽👽
Would this be closer to micarta than Damascus? Love the look though!
Denim, more denim please. This might just be your greatest project yet. What a spectacular look 🙏🙏🙏
Denim...thanks for the free YouTube advice. I'm just starting my channel and need to build that thick skin for comment haters.
Denim! But also try more fabrics with various colors and textures. Micarta all the things.
Awesome table man!
Denim: The staring at the camera at the end was great.  :). Not suer I like the denim, but keep building them there is something cool about it.
Denim, please😊
I come for the projects, stay for the sass
This is such a beautiful project. When I first started watching this I thought “WTF is Ken doing?” But this turned out pretty beautiful
Denim - but not exclusively. I really appreciate the creativity, but that table is too psychedelic for me.
denim this has to be one of the best follow ups to a proof of concept i've ever seen. i personally would have rather seen a dark walnut base but that might be a little too much contrast going on considering the table top? nonetheless, absolutely stunning build, great job cam :)
Den8m, always look at the camera 😂
Definitely denim
Denim-be interesting to see a table made of coloured denim, like black, red and yellow, or maybe that would be too much
Denim. That table is 🔥.
Denim, I agree a bit psychedelic for my taste….. but really like the concept of using non traditional materials. Excellent job as always!!!
Denim. Think about it.
no denim
Denim, I'd love to see a burlap table too
No Denim - Have really enjoyed the foray-into-the-unknown (especially the first video) but I'm struggling with the context and purpose. Sure denim is a great material for *pants* for obvious reasons, but for me, part of the art of building is appropriate material selection, not trying to force a material to be something that it's not. I guess my viewpoint was expressed succinctly enough by Jeff Goldblum in Jurassic Park - "Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether they could, they didn’t stop to think if they should"
Denim or not to denim....  why not both :)  We will always love the wood, but as an artist it is important to push yourself and try new mediums.  Innovation and progress come when multiple fields intersect, not from hyper specializing in a single field.  Spiral out, keep going
Denim
THATS IS SOOO COOL 😎 I LOVE IT... U KNOW WHAT WOULD BE PERFECT TO PLACE ON A LAVA LAMP...SOME MULTI COLORED COTTON CANDY...AND A NEON FISH TANK... ✌
The desk looks nice, but the video was a fail. Watched the whole thing and I’m still awake.
DENIM- love the look, keep it up ✔✔👍👍
What happened to the wooden inserts underneath? did they get planned out?
Very nice.
Denim! What an awesome and out of the box project, and the results are very striking. I love this kind of experimentation, it's just so fun to watch. I wonder what other colors of denim could result in? Maybe do an all black denim with dark stained frame, or intermix layers of black and blue?
More Demi’s please!
Denim. I don't think I've ever heard you cuss before. I clutched my imaginary pearls just from the surprise.
Dennim or No Dennim... LOL Let me say, I enjoy your attention to detail... sadly something I feel I lack in, but with that said when I followed the link to see what you were selling this absolutely gorgeous table for... I was only able to say "WOW"... Twice...   THATS CRAZY!!! $17K!?!?! WOW...
Absolutely MORE DENIM!! It's gorgeous...
Cam, DEFNITIONS REALLY MATTER, ask your accountant the difference between tax avoidance and evasion - https://youtu.be/Og994GZ8oZg?t=142
Denim. That thing looks awesome!  Great work like always.
I love your experimentation.  I agree a little too psychedelic for my taste, but boy, does it look cool.  I think thinner plywood shapes would give the pattern more flow and a little less busy feel, but again,  awesome piece!!
Denim or silk....?  Wonderful idea this denim epoxy Damascus look. Since I live in Thailand where beautiful coloured silks are available I'm considering trying this concept using silk layers. I'm making knife boxes for Damascus knife makers and this could be unique. Useable for scales as well. Thanks for your upload
Would love to see a black/grey/white denim piece. Great work
I can respect the work put into it, well done. But man, the looks of that? Not my taste.
Love the creative idea with denim, but denim or no denim isn’t the right split. Keep following your inspiration.   The flush trim tip to match the top to the base could work with a more traditional overhang, too, if you secure a spacer for the bit to ride against.
Denium!
Love the top not certain about the base
Cam, I love watching your videos. The amount of care you put into the projects is amazing. But I think you are sometimes to critical of your work. Like this table, I think it looks amazing. The Africa shape gives it character.Keep up the amazing work. Your videos are both informative and entertaining.
denim, and yeah it is great fun to watch! Perhaps look further and try other materials.
Denim layers look great, like you said -  little bit psychedelic but this is the first time you tried this and sometimes you just don't know how it'll appear until it gets to the end. The finish really helped it pop in the end though and came out with a really nice finished product.   Think I'm with Scott on the roundover, maybe wouldn't have gone so far, but hey, thats just a personal taste thing. Keep up the great work! You're really earning the title of largest denim table production channel.
Denim but this time one that looks like Damascus... meaning Wootz Steel.
Denim.... absolutely denim! Maybe layers of old blue jeans layered in to give more color variation? Just an idiots thought because in reality, that may be the absolute most beautiful desk/table I've ever seen. My only question is, HOW did you think of it? The idea to ranks right up there with the first guy to look at cabbage and or squash and think "I bet I can eat that."  Great video, thanks for sharing.
Denim ....... You should have put like tools like hammer and saw inside instead of the shroom effect of curvy wood . Having the pattern similar to something a buisness can relate to will greatly appreciated the beauty.
Okay, but what if the denim is sourced from a mill in the city?!
Denim. Love this, totally gasped when I realized this is like trippy blue wood
Denim, good stuff
Denim: I love the denim table ... just not a fan of the base. Almost looks cheap in a way ... Hard to explain, I think a more solid base would have looked better...
Denim. I agree with Scott 7/8 inch round over is a bit too much. Looks great otherwise!
Only shipping to the US… bummer 🫣 Cool project as always. I was about 50/50 succes fail ratio 👏👏
More Denim. GO Beavs.
Denim, it looks greta!
Gorgeous...
I love these denim projects.  You could make topographical maps of areas if you wanted.
Denim. I think you’re on the right track. Worth exploring.
More denim.
Denim - not always but some more! I would love to see you build cool chairs that go with your awesome tables.
You should call it "denimascus table"  :D
Denim; it is really entertaining and somehow involving, watching your processes. The final product was beautiful to my eyes. Thank you for sharing it.
Denim!
Denim, give us more denim!
Denim - I really did not expect this to work. Having made clothing i thought you would have issues with the fabric creasing as it took up the shapes of the underlying wood. It is beautiful.  😍
Denim. Love  this! Make an episode where you go shopping to topup sandpapers, epoxy etc..
Pleased with your work
First time I heard the “F” bomb! So you don’t like furniture made of wood chips and cardboard 😵‍💫
Denim, MORE. MORE, MORE, with Dark Brown Wood 😀
denim, these tables are absolutely fa nominal i cant afford to buy one but I have access to a shop that's just as equipped if not more equipped then yours so I'm thinking maybe i should try making something like this, its my uncles shop and he also loves these denim tables were both really interested in trying this
Denim, the look of that pattern folded denim is stunning... 👍
Denim! I think the issue you didn't like about the tops of the pieces might be corrected next time if you were to put some contour and shaping on the the tops of the larger pieces you put underneath the denim. Everything was so uniformly rounded wtih flat tops, I fiigured all the large areas would be kind of uninteresting,  I think putting some grooves or indents or even additional bumps in the centres of the larger pieces might have given a more interesting final texture than the flat tops of your golf course layout, breast augmentation notwithstanding!
Denim.  Would this Damascus/bonded/welded technique work with carbon fiber materials?   Could be a pretty cool design if it did.
$17,000.00 😳 Sure, gimme 3 of em.
Sad i couldnt give you 2 thumbs up. One for your work and one for the great list.
2:06 😂
Denim! Very cool! But you need to put out more content, I feel your channel is the Cadillac of all the wood working channels!
"Fuzz issue" I used to work in the aerospace industry and worked with fiberglass, carbon fiber, and Kevlar infused with resin. We used the same techniques you did in vacuum sealing. However we used an autoclave with pressure, heat and vacuum. That being said, you did a a good job. i think if you use a harder and stronger resin so the fibers do not pull and break the resin when cutting you may have better results and will come out smooth. Your resin is too weak. Love your video, You inspired me.
Love this channel.. love all the chatter.. love all the will it or won't it work.. love the elusive smile too.. 😊
One of the coolest tabletops I've ever seen 👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿
A soft top denim table would probably make a pretty cool board game table! Love how this one turned out though!
Would using various colors of denim get a tie-dyed look? Instead of placing wood pieces in a "golf course" pattern, place them in a flower or starburst pattern.
Keeping it high and tight! 👖👖👖👖
You weren't actually using denim, you were using a cotton duck fabric.
Denim! This is incredibly beautiful
Indeed, the white oak looks great with the denim! I think the "islands" or larger plains could be reduced by not using any flat surfaces on the wood pieces underneath. It's a question of taste, whether that's a goal of the design, though.
I think it turned out great and of course i started my comment without waiting till the end me i like the look a little more rustic would be my choice also the you tube sherrifs and judges there's a place for all of us. Try being a Dallas Cowboys fan just a comment will draw all those sheriff's and judge's ire poor bastards always enjoy your show and your sense of humor.
Another for your list could have been "Bondo". That is one that I hear people correct all the time when the whole time they know others are referring to body filler.
I like your contents. Great woodworker and creator ❤
The UV lights you use are they for curing the finish you applied?
Denim for sure! I mostly watch random woodworking projects but each one is unique in some way and this of course is exactly that
i think that the fuzzyness is the equivilent to working with end grain. the weave of the fabric when put through the planer is ALL cotton ends so no mater what you do it will be fuzzy. It is the nature of fabric.
Denim, great work, and it looks like a lot of fun!
Denim. I am continuously impressed with your content. Been watching for a couple years now. Part of the joy of watching is the beautiful woodworking. But the biggest joy is listening to the snarky commentary and the pains of occasional failure. Also. Screw the “Damascus guy.” 😂
Haha! love your dry humour! Was ALOOMINUM on your list for annoying pedants? Sorry, I have to ask cos I'm English! Ps...the answer to serial correctors has to always be...'and it matters...why?'
Denim looks super!
Deim I like the look
Denim! I think it is so cool what you do and instead of doing what everyone already does, you have the balls to jump head-first into unknown waters and just improvise your way through it which I think is awesome
I hate gatekeepers too but how to hate the gatekeeper without becoming one. 😅
I always watch for the next video. I love them. Loving this denim stuff. I think that table is sick looking! I am a chess player and have a great chess table. 2 1/4 inch squares is best. I can picture the wood chess board and then surrounded by the denim. Would be a smaller project. Something I might try. I also play electric  guitar so I can see a denim guitar body and that would be insane. Very 70's. Rock & Roll!
Wow cam this desk is beautiful! Unfortunately i cant afford 17,000 usd or about 1,000,000 AUD which is where i from. So incredibly beautiful, thats all i can say
Denim for sure 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
denim! it is very close to carbon fiber work, i wonder if you could do chopped denim fill and how that would look.  look up chopped carbon fiber molding
The N3,  I have a vintage Formica table, would it help the Formica stay in great condition longer?
denim
Denim This table looks awesome holy moly
Джинсовый дамаск?! - Великолепно!!!
Denim! What a beautifull thing you've made.
Denim: I think it's great,  but feel that the base doesn't set it off so we'll.  The top is beautiful.   The base is absolutely not!
Denim! Or some other new material, keep experimenting.
I think it looks great.
For the glue squeeze out in the corners theres a person near me that makes a flat back chisel. The whole chisel is flat so you can pay it on a piece of wood and get into a tight corner. He said he sells them to a woodworking company but I cant find it. If youre interested I can get his info for you.
it gets "fuzzy" after working it for the same reason that woven kevlar (aramid cloth) does. I could try to describe how the fibers are interwoven and released by sanding, but I think you're better off looking up sanding kevlar laminates and you'll get a better explanation along with tips and tricks.  In short, unlike fiberglass, where the fibers are, glass.... its a textile so it behaves different..
👍👍👍
Denim. Man, Scott is a pure gem!  Would be interesting to see pattern welded steel in combination with wood in a table!
Denim. Okay....now to find out what, "real Damascus' is...😊
There is an extra crotchetiness in the commentary on this video that I quite enjoy.
Denim. How about some other weird material like velvet or even rocks and epoxy. Go crazy!
Amazing looks great, bit on the expensive side for me though
Love it!
Yeah, you're not alone in feeling weird when you look at the camera. Please don't do that again 😉 But you should definately do more DENIM damascus tables. That is actually the only way i can tolerate blue denim at all. I hope you try other kinds of textile too. There are a few micarta tables out there (meaning on google search) but they are either boring or really weird. I think you're really on to something with the damascus pattern!
Denim. Wouldn’t this technically be called denim micarta?
You should make matching chair for it
Try tie dye pattern Damascus?
Denim or no denim, happy either way. Wood is best though. Can't believe those idiots leaving negative comments. I do love the idea of doing something different though, you certainly pulled that off.
Denim going to explain: maybe I’m a Damascus I love these videos and your narration but can’t see me ever being able to build them!  But I’m hooked nonetheless.  More please!
Denim. The unfiltered IKEA rant had me laughing my ass off!  Awesome work as usual.
This is gonna be cool
Fun video  that is quite something. Not sure that I would want it but that is irrelevant as I checked the price. Anyway, a fascinating watch.
Denim. 3/4 round over was better. Next time, consider either a raindrop or feather pattern, should really pop! Great channel.
LMAO i love you called out the damascus police
Please go on with more denim! Excellent look!
psychedelic indeed!
That is not Damascus, Damascus is a capital of Syria..   😋 edit: table does look cool.
A lot on the list were the brands who first made those products, so I think those are the names of those items even after another company starts to make them and rename or rebrand them.
It deserves a stylish and unconventional black-metal stand—perhaps just one central column. In fact, a very sturdy single-column pillar in the far-right corner would be excellent, with the stand extending beneath the entire table. This would give it a hypermodern look that is truly valuable.
Denim
Denim!
Denim
Denim!!
Work is amazing but the humor is always great. 🤙🏼 this list 😅
I love the way it looks. Maybe the next one change uo the patterns and use light and medium or dark and medium and see if those spots are as noticeable. Me personally i would love this table but im OBSESSED with live edge river tables and my dream is to own one once i buy my own place. Its gotta be big though and seat 8 🥴 so its gone be a pricey dream but worth it
Denim. But I do love anything you do with the wood, it’s seems more versatile. Came here to ask… when are we getting a TV show!?!?!?
Denim.
Looks more like a tame impalas album cover
Oneday, when I’m bald and very average in stature and build, and have no idea about vacuum infusion, I too can be as equally arrogant about my average skillset.
Q-tip? Really? (This is a trap)  However, there are certain instances where corrections are necessary, e.g. when words carry a discriminating meaning.
It's not Legos it's Lego but you'll be damn sure i will still call them Legos.
"nobody likes you and we all hope bad things happen to you" LOL You dont work in government or law, where technically correct is the best kind of correct, and nobody likes anyone. (also, im 3 min in the video and I had to pause it from unexpectedly laughing. Keep up the commentary.)
Denim.  Not particularly my style but I like the concept and the trial and error scheme in developing your techniques.  Well done.
Denim, but recycled: I would love to see another build like this using unwanted pairs of jeans. Fashion is such a wasteful industry, and they throw away so much of this stuff.
Cam- Neat idea, but maybe a one offer.  I think you need to stick with wood.  Oh, and the legs look a little weak.
Did a double take when Cam wasn't bleeped out in the IKEA section LOL
Denim Denim Denim!
Denim, bro. Freakin sic! Love it! Joe in Houston. 🫵🏼😎
Denim - Love it!!! Now you know what the end result looks like, you can perhaps try a world continent map.... without the breasts.
Denim. Definitely. Great work, genuinely interesting, entertaining and inspiring. Terrific channel.
Nifty. I'm guessing someone else mentioned this but you re-discovered Micarta. Canvas based Micarta commonly used in knife handles in alternating color patterns or black/grey alternating bands. Micarta can be made from various types of fibers to change the mechanical characteristics.
Denim - Great project yet again. I know it would be time consuming and difficult but I’d love to see a denim desk with maybe denim side panels on a future project. #denimondenim
Could you build a red denim table,with golden elements.(vampire edition)?
19:34 had me laughing so damn hard xD
Denim, more please.
Denim nice table......definitely psychedelic!   Love the creativity.
Denim I think the reason you had so many “islands” was due to only shaping the sides of the wood pieces and leaving a flat top. Edges and in between the islands look great.
Denim 100%. Love the top, but the bottom / leg part in my opinion look cheap, flimsy, and just doesn’t match well knowing how much time you’ve spent on the top.
Denim. One of the most beautiful tables you build.
denim, but maybe try with more consistent and symmetrical patterns , it might look interesting, or not idk
Denim for the win
Denim for sure 👍🏼
Must have more denim... denim waterfall table? Use the cutouts to create a topography map of a real river leading to a waterfall for the sanded pattern?😁
The fuzzy feeling is probably because, even though the epoxy may have saturated each layer of denim, there's still the actual threads of denim in there. So like when you water pop wood grain, it has the fuzzy feeling of the fibres, it's probably something like that
Denim or no denim I’ll keep coming back for that silky smooth voiceover 😂❤
Make a matching chair.
What are Marios overalls made of? Denim, denim, denim. Denim, denim, denim...
Absolutely gorgeous!!  Love the technique!
Very impressive. But then everything you work on is impressive.
Denim
Cam, I love your videos I really appreaciate your work but I'm an 13 yr old kid from europe and I THINK you don't really like kids I mean it's not a problem for me but can you give me a reason why?
Denim. Looks fantastic. I can see that as a desk or maybe something in retail👍👍
I really like the finish on this one👌🏼
No denim. I loved all your denims videos but I’d love to see some new experimental surfaces ☺️
Denim! Awesome job and it looks great!! You’re right…people spout off like they are brilliant on a subject and most have never got off there hand me down couch. The real masters just laugh inside at these idiots and keep moving forward in practice trying to not completely give up on humanity. As far as the table, beautiful job. It’s a nice random pattern for sure. And just like steel you always end up with some patterning that just doesn’t look quite the way you want (speaking to your bad breast job comment).  Love your honest craftsmanship.
Interesting. Prefer the look of the first denim table.  Piqued my interest for future denim tables..
Denim. Table looks fantastic.  This could be your niche market!
You really nailed that Damascus look. Love that you're working out of you comfort zone again. What a beautiful piece!
I feel ike you could have screwd a stick to the small round objects and holding the stick instead of the piece itself.
Cam, denim, more denim. Very trippy look, and I like it.
Do another table, but with black and white denim.
Denim. Awesome video Cam! As a side note….. the dust collector in the festool is great and all but seeing the ratcheting collet……….. I could watch that all night long. Lol. Fun idea for the table!
Denim. I agree that you're videos are for entertainment. That is what I use them for. I could do with less hate on the haters. But I understand your frustration with them. But by acknowledging them you give them more power. And clearly they irritate you and that is what they want. Outside of that I like this denim Damascus. I'd like to see some other colors. I know you're not much for color. But I think it might be kind of interesting to throw red in there maybe. But I'll leave that up to you as you are the artist in this case. Keep up the good work and don't let the bastards grind you.
Denim. Great video awesome work and craftsmanship
If you missuse the terms "denim" and "damascus" intentionally AND get annoyed to the point of wishing others harm, maybe you should take a break. You honestly don't give the old vibes anymore. You once had me for your enthusiasm, but now it feels so forced, like you lost your passion and just continue to please the audience and not yourself.   Do yourself and long time watchers a favor and maybe change a few thing up so you get your fun back.
17.000$ is imo way to much for something like this
Looks amazing!
denim! would love to see more deniiimm!!
Denim, I loved the intro!
Do a table from carbon
Denim, outstanding table Cam
Denim: You can't make Damascus with fabric, LMAO!!!! Just playing buddy, awesome as always.....love your channel and have for years!!!!
Denim! I love it, it came out great!
Denim. Its the new tiger maple.
Surely you've tested out finishes on the off-cuts from squaring up (well, rectangularing-up) the slab? I think the thick cotton yarn gets coated in resin not soaked because of surface tension, hence fuzzy when sanding.
Definitely more denim!
Denim MORE DENIM!!!
Denim or no denim. That’s weirdly wonderful!!
denim
What a stunning table Cam. I started watching you during the lock down. You have grown so much as a wood (and denim) worker. I will never be able to afford one of your pieces of art but I have to say this is one of my all-time favorites. Just simply gorgeous.
Denim. This is bee-you-tee-full!!! I can see this as a receptionist desk with an architect company. What do you think about coloring the denim, maybe brown or black for a next project, or mixing different colored sheets of denim, as the knife makers use different steels? There is a knife maker on youtube that has made handles for his knives with epoxied denim.
Denim. But not *just* denim. Can you please try other strange materials that aren't normally used for furniture. Like a table that has a thin layer just underneath the top layer that is semi-filled with iron shavings or powder to react with magnets? Maybe Sea shells to make it look like a slab of ancient with fossils?
Denim. Love the video and the table!  When is the handheld light going to be available on your site?
Denim - but the next video wearing denim overalls and a denim jacket. And denim sunnies - because they are a thing.
DENIM <3  I want to see you do a colab with the guy who makes the denim glasses and four eyes furniture now. All three of you should do something together :D
Trippy.
denim ....do you have a link  to your friend John's  channel?  I'd  like to explore further his  vacuum bag  technique.... 2  thumbs up  on the video
Yard??? Feet??? Inch??? You dont want viewers outside US? Thumbs down.
Denim! Great job. That table is for sure one of a kind.
13:41 💀
Denim what a cool table continue please
Denim. Being a mediocre woodworker is my goal. Right now I’m just an average-ish woodworker. 😂 I’ve always been impressed with your creativity sir, and this is beyond anything I could dream up.
denim i like denim. denim cool.
as someone who makes alot of damascus for knives you have eaned my utmost respect for the first 2 minutes of your video cos those guys who have never even seen a power tool even like to tell me the same thing. i have bloody textbooks on making the stuff and still use the term interchangably. hit me up man and i will send you some damascus for free you can use in your projects
Beautiful!
I really like it!
Denim! Definitely more please!
dennim worked out pretty well here
This thing is absolutely amazing looking! Great job! Love your channel!
Denim all the way! This might be one of the most creative builds so far, I enjoyed it very much. I'd love to see a combination of white (untreated/raw) denim & a light blue one. The raw denim would probably fit amazingly with a lighter wood and could make the whole piece less psychedelic, yet intricate and creative. Love the work, greetings from Bosnia!
You forgot to add hoover to the list... unless thats just a uk thing?
Denim! I loved it! The process of building the table was interesting and informative! Keep up the great work!
The definition of "Create". And yes, too much.
Denim….all the way. Love this one.
Denim table looks awesome, thanks for sharing.  How about a denim cabinet with denim doors??!??
DENIM..Hey, I just saw a video from someone called Modern Makeovers on youtube and he used packaging tape on the bottom and on the sides of his form for epoxy poring so it wouldn't stick and it worked wonderfully, I just wanted to let you know.
That looks AMAZING! Loved every minute of the creation process... can't wait for the next denim project...or ANY project for that matter. Awesome 😁👍💙
Denim, but different color.
The final result is just breaking my brain that it worked so well. Like...Its fabric. It *shouldnt* do what it did and yet here we are. Here's a stupid idea, how about trying an epoxy "fill" table, where you fill cracks in the wood with resin but instead you fill it with denim. It might look cursed, hell im sure it will even, but would be interesting to see how to tackle that problem.
Thos would be considered rain drop Damascus if we were going to compare it to its metal counter part
Denim as long as it’s accompanied by that Grade A SARCASM:)
Technically correct. The best type of correct.
Denim , loved this new view into the world of denim epoxy tables. focusing on what else can be achieved with other fabrics such as corduroy or something else.
wow...creative and brave!  looks really cool.  loved your epoxy table class and your finishing class.  helped me avoid some potential disasters!
That was amazing. I think the denim stands out more if you will use black metal frame or a brass color frame. 😊
No denim. Well, the occasional one perhaps.
Thank you for being the only guy making stuff interesting
Denim, I wasn't convinced at first, but I have become a believer!
Lov the videos 😉
Denim.  I think the table looks fab.
Cam, I love your approach and responses to the people who like to call out the mistakes you make, or tell you that you're doing it wrong, and then start on with telling you how to do it better. I see these people and their comments all over YouTube and social media and they feel that because they're in a virtual setting, they can make any kind of comment without having any type of consequence. I truly appreciate your honest and transparent response in this video (and in others)... it's one of the reasons why I love your content so much.   And I really appreciate how you put time, effort and energy into reading the comments. There are many great people in your subscriber community and it's nice to see the level of engagement you have with us (I also really appreciate how you respond to our comments as well).   If you're ever in Vermont, there'll always be an open invitation to come help me make a butchers block (just not out of denim😉, I've been saving up some beautiful wood over the years we can use).   Thank you for sharing your skills, ideas and thoughts through the content you create. Yes, it entertains me, though at the same time I learn from watching your content.  💜🪚
You need to squeegee the epoxy on/into the denim with a plastic spreader to get it fully infused instead of just brushing or rolling it on. Pour a puddle on and start spreading it and pressing it into the denim.
Denim, It reminds me of a contour map, maybe you could take advantage of that effect by doing a specific location's geography.
Wow, what an incredible project! I'm always amazed by people who can take everyday materials and transform them into works of functional art. The pattern you were able to achieve through the denim lamination and torching process is just stunning. I love how rugged and durable denim is as a material for a table top. What a creative way to upcycle old jeans too. The whole process was so interesting to watch - I enjoyed seeing each step, from layout and cutting to constructing the steel base. It looks like such aconversation piece for your home. Fantastic job on this one - you should be very proud of your skills and creativity! Thanks for sharing the video walkthrough - it was inspiring to see it all come together.👏🏻🪄
Denim I think its fantastic and as a cutler I do feel your pain on every smart arse that wants to comment on pattern welding, historically 'Damascus' is more or less a trade-name of sorts starting in the 18-1900's by the various military industrial complexes of the time producing swords and guns for officers and wealthy folks and if they wanted that wood grain, waterdrop kind of look. That's what it was sold as and no one gave a shit then, no one gives a shit now. Anyway, being a youtuber you deserve some further suffering and I would like to see the matching denim office chair. Or... if you're feeling extremely brave, do  Peter Brown and turn some on a lathe because someone out there needs a denim fruit bowl
Denim. Make a denim river table where it's wood on the side and denim in the middle!
i think that if you were to make another of these tables, it would look amazing if it only used smaller circles. my favorite part of the tabletop was the small circular bits, and it kinda looks like something you'd see while on acid lmao.
Make a table from all your dust
This is so freaking cool. Looks incredible. Great job.
Denim. I love all of your work and vids but this one was 👌🏻
Denim although I believe you are doing "micarta" instead of "damascus".   Lovely effect worth pursuing.
Denim, Strong work😊
Denim. The colours contrast so well. Have you considered doing a similar table, but with exposed dark walnut within the pattern? I feel like those shades of blue would look awesome with some dark finish wood blended into the design.
Black denim!
Denim....the table looks good.
is important to be exact about the material that you use and not evreyone is american , we dont have your brands
Denim! this a beautiful piece! Bravo!
That same base in Brass square tube, gaudy but slick, that blue and a nice brushed Brass colour would work well together
Denim! The last top u made out of denim for that desk I thought was really cool & creative and super unique. This one smashes it outta the park. The thought occured to me at the end of the video when u mentioned looking psychedelic that if u used different colors of denim for every layer then that final result would really be badass & psychedelic. I know, I know u said this one looked a little to psychedelic 4 u but when doing the layering like u did on this one I immediately thought about that and foresaw that badass psychedelic look being the end result. Just a thought but if u or when u decide to give this method another go, u know that it'll no matter what have that look so why not embrace it & do it outta multi colored denim that changes colors every layer. I mean u can get denim in any color right? Idk lol, I never looked into it. Haha! Anyways, I love what u do Cam & have learned a great deal from your videos. U do amazing work! I live up in Longview/Kelso area. Someday I'll be creating unique cool things outta wood & ....well whatever else I get a crazy idea to try out! Lol. U & your videos are a great inspiration to keep working hard & creating & striving to be better & make better things & that inevitably I too will be able to quit the 9-5 & do what I am passionate about &  enjoy the most. Making stuff, building stuff, creating anything & everything I can think of or come up with. Anyways, just thought I'd finally leave a comment. Been liking & watchin u for bout a good year & 1/2 now. Always enjoy seeing your latest project & creations! I'll hit u up sometime & show ya some of mine maybe. Who knows, the future is unwritten as they say. Lol. U keep on killin it Cam!! Always a pleasure!!!🤘🏼✌🏼☮️♾️
Love these out of the norm videos. This is a very cool table for sure. Great work.
Denim, have to agree with Scott on the roundover but regardless it turned out beautifully incredible work, nice one Cam. Can’t wait to see the denim crucible steel table haha!
Yes denham, love the look.
This might honestly be one of the coolest tables I've ever seen built! While not a wood worker, I am a maker and can definitely appreciate the work and creativity put it!
Denim!! Go cam!
Denim, definitely denim.
Denim: Mate you are very hard on yourself, however what you make is just beautiful, this table is the bees knees and I enjoy how you show what you don’t like about and what you love, but I love the psychedelic look of it, keep it up bro you are gifted
He only speaks facts
Loved every minute of this and definitely learned a lot!
Was this table sold? I don’t see it in the link. Was it an auction? Nicest IKEA table I’ve ever seen.
I thought this was awesome that I was going to try it. But I guess that's out. Love your table.
what about doing some table using less machines possible?  Its a challenge! Not that i dont believe you can do it, actually im sure you will! The fact is: i dont have plent of machines and i really want to know what is and what isnt possible to do without it.   Hugs from Brazil! Love you work!
18:37 young g will make it for the minimal requierments of 18yr old with 20 years of experience
Good job dude.
denim until you get it right, then no more. denim. Also he was right, the round over is too big. probably should have stopped at a radius half the thickness of the table top.
“Denim”…Nothing can ever be too psychedelic for me.
Loved the whole process and end result❤ 🖖🏻 Fan from South Africa
Denim but maybe not the black finish, which looks too severe. Just a white washed denim and then a darker wash would look really cool. And maybe a navy stain or keep it clear. That may help it from getting so psychedelic.
Denim, but I think if you had bigger wooden pieces 3-5 of them instead of 20ish like you did now, would look much better. Wooden pieces look cool as well, would love to see some wood coming through perhaps a future project (having them in varying height may do the trick)
More or less... I don't care! I will ever appreciate your amazing work. Thank you.
Try to break a denim table as you did with the one that was made out of wood.
no Denim.
No Denim, denims maybe seems a unique and great project, but I prefer all those exciting ideas you mention in the video with WOOD :) PS: after watching this damscus denim I wonder what if the overall shape of the tables more psychedelic!  and curvy, like 70s modern art style!
I love the table
Denim! Having fun with you building this project.
Denim 👍
More projects. How about hundreds of small pieces of driftwood in a clear epoxy.
NOW MAKE ONE OUT OF POPCORN!! popcorn one would be swell.
Denim - definitely denim
Denim. I think that tourned out to be great. Of course some point can be improved as you said, but its a nice direction. Who knows where this going to lead eventually. To be frank I prefer the akrill finish look, but I got poisoned by the guitar industry.
Yes, I want to see more EXELENT BEAUTIFULL
WOW!
Denim, but more psychedelic. A psychedelic denim front door!   That’s an amazing table and someday this poor a$$ will try to afford one of your tables.
Denim
Times must be rough at youtube, this man had to cut costs and now has to pretend using finishes on the base to make ends meet...
Denim 💪😉
Denim. Not sure where to go with it, but denim. Maybe other colors instead of blue?
Your workman ship is amazing and it would take me years and a lot of money to be at your level. Just a visual critique,I visualise a thick wooden boarder so to speak around the edges and a nice central leg base the same colour as the wood you've used, or 4 legs not quite as close to the edges. Always love your video's though.
Thankfully you left out Micarta, Corian and Richlite from the list we're not supposed to be correcting anybody for using incorrectly! Insufferable pedants unite!  (Someone already commented that this is a "Micarta" table, but it's of course a Micarta substitute. Aaahh, that felt good.)
Denim - make a mould for a chair - if it comes out well you could make a whole set.  The desk looks awesome, I’d have that in my office in a flash if I wasn’t on the other side of the planet.
denim-denim-denim. i see the point with the "um actually" people, but Damascus is multiple things. it's an actual place. the capital of Syria. it's a compound of metals laminated and folded in on themselves then etched to make a pattern. it's also a style. it's not worth too much energy to "um, actually" but it deserves a little more respect than given in this video. people being so flippant about what is and isn't Damascus does seem....a little white-washy. cultural appropriative. it's like calling Indigenous people Indians. this is less of a personal call out and more of a societal thing.   however, people that do "um actually" on stupid stuff are worth calling out all the same. sometimes even cool people can be assholes. i just want to note while we're here that fluffernutters are a New England regional delicacy consisting of peanut butter and marshmallow fluff on bread. been a fan since i was a kid. saw it in the list of "we're not um-actually'ing this anymore" and really i think that's a bit of a silly thing to be on the list. it's a real treat in the summer if you have a grill to toast them on the grill a little. so good! personally tho, back to that table....i like how psychedelic it looks. and the wonky boobs! less out of the fact that they look like wonky boobs, but more that it fits into the aesthetics. the weakest part imo is the base. i don't mind the wood choice, or the desire to keep it simple, i just think it's a little thin. i kinda more enjoyed the wishbone style of the other denim table more. all the same, i can dig it.
Black walnut and aluminum… in the top. They work identically with your carbide tools.
Looks really good
More denim
Denim looks great, really apreciate your videos, they helped me a lot when I started making tables. Colour of the legs match the denim, but style of the legs I do not like. I think farmhouse x shaped legs  would have looked better.
Denum, although maybe next time try different pattern? Either more orderly plywood pattern base, or more chaotic. Like mosaic damascus or wild damascus. You made this one to resemble a hybrid of wild and stempel damascus pattern.
My lady and I are watching this clip on the morning of our three year anniversary, thanks Cam. You're a man of perfect timing (wink,wink). PS. you're still not a woodworker.
Denim is amazingly like plywood, but blue. I was wondering if a blue dye would bring plywood to look similar. But that may be cheating somehow.
Denim
Hahaha omg, 2 min in and the sarcasm has my dying hahahahhahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhaha
❤ Denim. Truly  magnificent
Leather.
Very nice good job 👍
Damin. What an amazing work of art. For me, I would take the table top and hang on a wall as art. Thank you always for such great productions
More Denim... less curse words!
Wow!
As someone who corrects people, i can confirm you will be left off the softball team. Also you can add novocaine to the list. Nobody cares its not novocaine.
This is a marvellous piece. It would be a nice desk for a (psy-trance) music production studio 😍. But I think I need to sell more records and have more streams before I can afford it. I enjoyed your video quite a lot! Keep 'm coming.
No Denim please
now that you have a jable, you need some jairs to go with it, clearly
It would be really messy but you could do yhis with carbon fiber or kevlar. That would be the steongest table maybe ever.
It likely gets fuzzy after cutting, because the epoxy is hard and brittle, breaking away... the denim is soft and fibrous, clinging on and being fuzzy. Material Science.
Denim!
Denim - love the look.  I would have gone with a smaller radius on the edge, but pillowing the corners was perfect.  Thanks for the great content.
Denim for sure, I actually think this is an incredible piece.
Denim  Like it, would be great if you rolled and then turned a blank on a lathe for a lamp or vase
Denim. I love love the denim table! Well done 🎉🎉
Denim, Amazing !!! Actually, the Damascus resembles African Patterns. They would love this....
Denim, but in a different color. I know Denim is usually blue, but what about a black and anthrazite table with a metal base. Also if there is denim in a finer thickness to get more of that damascus look that could be cool.  For the soaking and that it gets fluffy: I only have a physics background that may explain some of it: It looks like it was not fully soaked - as in not enough epoxy. You had hardly any excess Epoxy coming out and it either never made it into the last frays of the denim or it cured too quickly. Variables in this should be viscosity, curing speed, temperature and the amount of epoxy.  Another aspect to consider is that a vacuum pump does not result in a perfect spread of epoxy.  Also the pump pressure may be too high. If you think of it like wet denim in a washing machine - there is not just "one wet". If your washing machine runs at 1500 rpm, then the denim is still wet, but not soaked anymore.  => so either the denim did not get properly soaked in the first place or the pump pressure removed too much of the epoxy.  If there is no good info on this out there, you can turn that into content itself.
$17,000.00 😭
Denim! I always enjoy your experimental approach to epoxy and wood working in general. Although I enjoy your denim projects, I think your creativity will dictate to move more interesting materials. Maybe mixing walnut and egg shells with epoxy or even something more crazy. Can't wait to watch your future projects.
Denim!!!  This would be such a cool technique to make a guitar!
Denim: I love your imagination and what you bring to life from it. Each table you do, denim or not, is unique and shows your growth as an artist. Oh wait, I stand corrected, a woodworker. LOL  I love how much your channel has changed, and the added flair Scott brings to it. The two of you make an amazing team. Keep up the fantastic work!!
Denim I hate the base…so much. Looks great tho.
Great project, but I don't think the base does it any favours. You're right that the legs shouldn't upstage the top, but that simple frame looks like a simple base for use in the construction stage. The plainness of white oak is really good but if it was curvy with an organic theme i think it would work well. I appreciate all the VERY hard work you put in but if the denim work is too much of a pain don't worry about dropping the idaa, your wood skills are brilliant and there must be many new ideas for just wood.
Glad you left it light, I hate dark colours.
Super!!!
Denim…. That’s a good looking table! More please!
Denim. Absolutely love the look of this one, huge improvement to the denim table before. Would love to see more!
It looks so awesome! I really love the dark denim colour (or most denim colours, really). It looks so beautiful, and your method created such a stunning pattern. I get that things don't always turn out the way we want to, some things cannot fully be controlled, but I think for your first try in creating these patterns it worked incredibly well. The light wood in combination with the strong blues on top works very well. Overall an awesome project!
Denim. Heh, i guess the guy in the comments wanted to tell that originally damascus was means to use bad iron to make good blades, the looks were only a side effect. Today it's the other way around sure.
denim: chestboard table?
Denim table is absolutely fantastic and well worth the effort, and I think you are brave to take on the task.  I went ‘Ohhhh, nice’ at 28 minutes and 29 minutes 42 seconds. The finish is out of this world 🌞
also maybe less contrast in the layers and use different thicknesses in the wooden chunks. or better yet use a map relief of a hilly country to make it a more natural looking patternd
do you think you could achieve a woodland camouflage pattern using a similar method?
yeah thats what i like, differnent stuff.  using things in ways i would never have thought of and really bringing it to life.  I remember a youtuber that did it with old skateboards. maybe a leather table with a wooden chair ?
Top looks great! The base looks like it will fall apart if it gets bumped the wrong way.
the pattern is to small for the table size.
Denim  "Nobody likes you and you're gonna be left off the softball team" was so good, i'm gonna have to use that some day😂
Round over to much. I agree with camera guy 😅
You look like Long Island Joe.
Denim. Your previous denim table wasn't my favourite. But I think you knocked this one out of the park! Incredible craftsmanship. I think, as a one off statement piece it is a work of art. Please engrave you name into it!
Denim, jesus f christ this is not a table, it's an actual art piece. I love your channel and videos, but i think this was one of the first times i actually had to say out loud "jesus fuck, it's so beautiful" because it is. Yo... wow, simply.... i want that (can't afford it, but that's a me problem). I don't even care for the table, i would want to hang it on the wall somewhere - the deep & rich colour is simply a chef's kiss
Denim looks awesome!! do you think you could do the same with wood veneers?? darker and lighter ones.. i dont know if it would work or even look good...
Dude, wishing ill will on your viewers is not really funny...
More denim... Hey Cam I like to see your thought process of all your projects. It gives an extra insight into the videos. That's also with all your mistakes you make, but at the end of the day, it's always a fantastic work you put in.
How about black denim instead of blue with a black stained or burnt effect wood legs/base. Not sure I like the bright blue denim colouring and I think it would look great all black damask effect.
Denim duhh
Denim but no to the legs, tooooo boxy
Denim. Wow Cam. My opinion doesn’t mean crap, but that table is absolutely gorgeous.
I do appreciate the amount of work that goes into these but jesus christ I think these denim tables are ugly
Denim. I really hate those patches in the denim the look ugly
the top is admirable but I feel this is let down by the insignificant frame
Denim. But I can't help feeling that you could achieve the same look using inks, dye's and other pigments
Denim, What if you would take the layered denim top and cnc routed a dimond pattern into it and filled it with clear resin ?
Our Blessed Hope, our Savior Jesus Christ. Do you know him? Do "you", ("whoever" is reading this), know Jesus? Even more, are you "Saved"? If Jesus were to return today, "now", would you be ready? Are you ready? That is the one question that you, and everyone, better know the answer to, because that is the most important decision you will ever make. Jesus is the "ONLY WAY TO SALVATION". There is no other way, "none". This "life" that you are living now, is a "limited" existence. The life after this is "ETERNAL", which brings us to another question: "Where do you want to spend eternity?" Well, you have only "two" choices: either "HEAVEN" or "HELL"! Not everyone will go to Heaven and likewise not everyone will go to Hell. It's your choice! It's always been your choice. Have you ever wondered why we all don't go to Heaven? Well, it's because of just one thing. But that "one" thing "separates" us all from God, and that one thing, is "SIN"! We are all born into sin, everyone is, and the Bible says that the wages (penalty) of sin is "Death". You see, because of our sins, when we all die, we are all "eternally separated" from God. But you know what? God Loves you so much that he made a way for you, for all of us. The Bible also teaches us that even though the penalty (wages) for our sins is death, we can gain SALVATION (a GIFT FROM GOD) through his only begotten son, Jesus Christ. God made a way! He sacrificed his only son, for "you"! That's how much he Loves you.   ROMANS 6:23 kjv For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.   Here's the GOOD NEWS, (THE GOSPEL) Jesus took your sins and paid your sin debt in full. He took all your sins, past, present and future, to the Cross, shed his Blood and literally DIED for your sins, was buried and then God raised him from the dead three days later. Anyone who believes in the finished work of Jesus Christ will be Saved. That's THE GOSPEL (which means GOOD NEWS).  1 CORINTHIANS 15:1-4 kjv 15 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; 4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures.  He paid the price so you don't have to. Jesus is the ONLY ONE who could. He is the ONLY WAY.  JOHN 14:6 kjv  6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.  God gives you, all of us, this "GIFT", because he Loves you. How much does God Love you? Well, let me ask you this: "Could you sacrifice your only child?" That is exactly what our Heavenly Father did. He gave (sacrificed) his only begotten son, Jesus, for "you", for the "WHOLE WORLD"!  JOHN 3:16-18 kjv  16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. 18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  Please, don't let Gods "sacrifice" (for you) be in vain. Jesus "died" for you. Please "Live" (eternally) for him.
Looks sick, not sure if you already did but if you crossed the orientation of the denim I think it could potentially look cool, like how some other Damascus patterns are made by having different orientations
really cool table!!
Splendid !!!
Denim. Please more❤
Denim. Oh dear 😂 “Nobody likes you …. “ I’m dying here 😂
Denim, you had some serious Lex Luthor vibe going at the 30:34 mark.🤣. Great work as always; your content is informative and entertaining.
I watched the denim table video you made 7 months last night while I was making a garden cart for my brother. And now, while looking for something to watch while I made him a chair... this new jable video shows up. Perfect.
I suggest you contact a YouTuber called AndysAutoSportTV for tips on vacuum forming, he does carbon fiber... he makes carbon fiber parts for people to put on their race cars
You hit the nail on the head with Scott, he's worth way more than a camera guy, quietly saving you hours of work lol
Denim… any amount is fine with me. I’m here for the creativity and creation. Thanks for the video!
Very beautiful. Very unique.
DENIM: actually I think it would be cool to see one done out of some other fabric or even something like construction paper!
No denim, I love these desks, but it's impossible to beat wood.
More denim. 2:38 The only one on your list I might disagree with is plexiglass. Simply because it's a very similar material to polycarb, except that plexi shatters while poly bends. Which can be a dangerous mixup in the wrong circumstances... Unless there are multiple brands of plexi that people are siting on a stick about.
That's a beautiful table. Your creativity is spectacular.
Maybe less denim and more experimenting with other clothing materials like silk or mesh ? Could be the move
Loving this denim micarta desk.
I liked the finished table top more than I  thought I would after just reading the title.  Didn't see "Africa" shape at all the pattern looked a bit paisley-esque to me. Thought the "botched boob-job" looked more like muppet eyes. But then again, I have never seen a  "botched boob-job" so I could be wrong. 😊
Denim dude, you are the Sean Strickland of the wood working world. Keep up the good work!
Addressing the fuzzyness. Denim fibers won't be individually soaked by the epoxy, so when you plane them some of those fibers will raise to the surface and give that fuzzy feeling. Compare this to regular wood after rough sanding.  EDIT words
Denim for sure..Beautiful...
impressive idea skills and I'm sure its worth the 17k asking price.
Denim is very nice! I know failure is the most important part for success, but mate you're too hard with yourself! You're great and extremly skilled, be confident because you proved maaaany times that despite failing you will get back on track immediately :)
this is so good, so creative.
I once use the router to round small circular pieces like the ones concerned you. What I did was to make a hole in the center of the piece, put a wood dowel on it and use it as an "axle" to link it to another piece of long wood that I could then use as a bar to firmly subject the round piece against the router bit but without having my hands near the danger zone.
Really great project with a stunning result. If you build more of these denim tables maybe you could look into different colors of denim (if available). I could imagine something like black and red making a great pattern
Demin! That was amazing. It's great to see someone to something different and I really appreciate your honest style of documenting the process.
DENIM  That looks so cool 0_0 Totally didn't expect it to look like that, at the end. That took waaaaay too much effort though. I hope you priced it accordingly. This project was a labour of love.
I love how your goading the trolls to make them leave comments and boost your videos. Apparently you're as creative in algorithm manipulation as you are as a woodworker.
Denim. If you're a mediocre woodworker God knows what that makes me! Fabulous looking top. Love how some of the denim looks 'worn' and faded. Thanks for sharing.
Denim. What could you do with multi colored denim fabrics?
Denim 👍 looks amazing I think a metallic base would be really nice too for more of a show table, some twisted metal legs be cool.  Great work as always 👍
denim. in different colours or a denim and wood damascus
Denim You should try other fabrics too
Denim. Not sure I am a fan of the stand. It seems rather ordinary for you. Love the top and as always, you creativity!
Denim Denim Denim baby. That is sooooo sexy, you've done such an amazing job. Well done
But you do have the largest woodworking & denim channel on YouTube! Think about it...
Very cool project though and well done. Love the look and agree about the table frame being basically invisible.
Denim/agnostic. Damascus Steel, refers to the ancient historical accident of the Element Vanadium being present in Syrian Iron ore deposits, this made the steel very hard Damascus Steel weapons were  the most sort after in the ancient world, especially the swords. Until the ore deposits with the Vanadium ran out, nobody knew what made the iron ore so good. So they kept on making Swords using regular ore, and they were not as good, but they kept the name, a bit like Apple, or Boeing. I liked the table-top a lot, would make some lovely wall art, the base however let it down, looking rather shoddy.
Well using the term incorrectly does not make it right. Patterned steel and real Damascus are different and should never be used interchangeably. It is one of the reasons people are dumber nowadays than they used to be as they no longer know the true nature of stuff because the terminology has been bastardized. Please refrain from making people dumber...remember, you can help prevent idiocy.
Denim….anytime a new medium is introduced there is uncertainty, at least for me. Your creativity is well beyond mine but inspiring at the same time. I love the look you achieved. Keep up the great projects. Thank you.
Denim the damascus pattern looks great I’d love to try it out myself keep up the good work n trying the new stuff it’s inspiring and we all get to learn something new as we get entertained as you said 😂
i make vac bags every day at work and one thing you to do is make sure there is a release film and felt between the bag plastic , if you have to much bag film touching its self you will have less vac pressure
Denim
Damascus is a very special combination of iron composition with smithing techniques that originated in Damascus hence the name. There are true Damascus iron ores in India as well.  Today the term "Damascus" is used to describe the patterns and geometries that results from the pattern welding technique where the craftsman uses different materials to create a pattern in the finished product. This is not true Damascus though, only a marketing strategy.
Have people never heard of Buffalo wings? They arent made of buffalo. Just originated in Buffalo. Kinda like damascus....
Alright Voldemort. Nice table!
Denim!  I make my own micarta for knife handles, my theory regarding the fuzziness you feel is that the resin goes into the spaces between the fibers a material is made up of, but not into the fibers. The fuzziness is the reason why micarta knife handles have good grip when bloody or wet.
that looks amazing
2:06..bro woke up and chose violence
Denim: Absolutely loved the last denim table with the leather legs, and loved this as well. I think these are an amazing office table to have if you can afford one. Great work as usual
I'm currently making denim fretboards for guitars and there is nothing you can do about the fuzzy feel after sanding, not that I've found anyway. And love your rant about the correctors in the comments, I always dread that one guy who trys to tell you about how you messed up something no one has ever tried before... 😂
you are the only denim table expert, so good luck with the answer Cam!
Denim,  Looks great but agree with Scott..... you went to big on the round over
Rounding over the little pieces would've scared the s..t out of me😊
Denim for sure. These fabric tables are really nice; like building an entire table out of micarta. But also, as a sword nerd I can't let this one little bit go - so like, I get the argument for genericized terms and for the vast majority of those options, you're 100% correct. You look up any of those options and you're not going to just get The Brand In Question, you'll get other examples, too. Genericization was actually a universally good thing for pretty much all of those on the user's end, and corporate defense of IPs tend to bring down everyone else, making the product worse for everyone. However, Damascus being used interchangeably with pattern welding actually does have one major downside, in that they're fundamentally not the same thing and the more people refer to all pattern welding as damascus the more difficult it becomes to research the old blade steel that produced carbon nanotubes in its alloy structure. We don't have a different or more specific term for that; we've just always called that damascus steel. In those 39 other instances, there's absolutely no difference between calling it the genericized term and the original name of the object, especially because they're all purely consumer terms anyway. In Damascus' case, we're talking about completely different metallurgic properties and one just flat out isn't meaningfully relevant when referring to the other. It's definitely unstoppable now, but unlike all those other instances, losing the term was a genuine loss for ease of research on the topic. I guess the path of least resistance is to come up with a new term for the historical stuff, but that doesn't address the previous 100+ years of now-difficult-to-find research on the topic. I can't help but lament that the genericization of Damascus steel - a metallurgic term and not a corporate attempt to defend a brand - caused harm, however small it was.
Очень красиво!! и обрезки ножеделам продать можно
😂
denim o yeeeeeeeee..love it
Loving it, a really cool concept and nicely executed!
Denim. This is probably my favorite table I’ve ever seen
Denim, Stunning
100% the best looking table ive ever seen
Denim im all about it
Denim!,  you get that fuzzy area wherever you have a flat top on your inserts, because there you grind through the stretched denim at a very shallow angle.  suggestion for a special project (from my wife):  1. different color denim (red) 2. overall shape: 💗 3. inlays something non-random like letters
Denim! Would be super cool if you did a denim knife handle out of the scrap material you have. I don't think we've seen you woodworking at a smaller scale. Would be very cool
looking like a Hitman at the end 🤣 black and grey demin next maybe
That is super awesome!  The only thing I would have liked more is a sharper angle from side to top.  Otherwise, I Iove it! Really awesome that you took the next step with a denim table!
This ia actually Cam's gradual transition from woodworker to seamstress.
if i ever become rich i will def. try to get a table from you. What a amazing work.
Denim ,, well thats something I would never have thought would look so good!.
denim!
denim - amazing 😊
Denim, You left out shop-vac. Wait what were you saying about correcting someone?
very cool, it remind me of g10 knife handle scales they call "Gmascus" which is basicaly g10 with paterns in it
These denim projects are fun and interesting and I am glad to hear you have more ideas for them. Both tables you've made so far are tremendous.
Denim is good.  I can confidently say that I have studied all the literature on denim epoxy tables and look forward to the third paper coming out soon...
Woww this looks cool 🥰🥰
DENIM! Maybe not the largest woodworking channel on YT, but the only one I subscribe to. Good stuff. Respect.
Denim, that is beautiful. The psychedelic look as you put it is beautiful just as it is. Timber has things that aren't always perfect, and who wants it to be perfect again like a piece of timber. Hats off to you sir, you are entertaining and educational. 👍👍👍👍👍
Great work as always, a little to 60s for my taste, like the Damascus idea just think it was wrong material - having said that I don't have any fantastic other material ideas other than some sort of stacked veneers (Ply would be too unreliable given its construction method) i suppose that stacking of veneers may be an issue also "who knows" keep up ythe great work and creative ideas.... Gary, Johannesburg RSA
I never thought I'd be watching a 30 minute video about a guy building a table while talking to his friend/cameraman/director, and actually enjoy myself. I'm not a woodworker, nor I have plans on becoming one, I just love watching professionals (at least from my POV they are), do what they do best. Thank you for being my woodtentainer
No Denim / Denem. love the videos and the effort I would love to see a denim table that wasn't Indigo, I think that is why i dont really care for the look, if it was tan/sand/beige that complemented the beautiful wood more i think i would appreciate as much as everyone else in the comment section.  GREAT JOB!
Could you maybe spray mold release on the peel ply before laying it to make it a little easier to peel off eventually? Guessing the seepage of resin forms a mechanical grip anyway but maybe mold release would make it less of a struggle. Worth a test?
Denim. Might be interesting to see you do a bunch of small pieces, maybe end table size, with different color mix (denim style fabric comes in a lot of colors, of course), maybe different ideas on patterns. Like instead of abstract, squares or hex? Just throw some ideas at the wall, see what sticks.
Denim/ no denim. Doesn't matter. I could care less if people say channel locks or slip joint pliers or vise grips / locking pliers or what have you. At any rate, it's all the same thing. Ever what ever and what not.  Could have just left wrinkles in the denim. What would you do if epoxy was not a thing? Ever do anything with fiberglass or carbon fiber? How about hemp?  Newspaper? Turn wood into paper back into wood. Maybe leave the top layer legible and use a copy of some historical event or just everyday life from 100 years ago. Natural fiber rope? Maybe woven into a pattern first? or tight coils. Woven wood strips? Metal chips from a machining operation?  Gravel? Sand would be interesting. Checkers or chess pieces, checkers might be better. Just random dump out of a bag onto the surface then encapsulated as they fell then surfaced flat.
Denim.  for my second comment, you realize you accomplished all the steps required to make a carbon fiber table right? but you are still using denim.  Another thing to think about is that there are fabrics that are more transparent once you dump t hem in epoxy.  Which solves my number 1 complaint with your wooden tables.  I love this channel, the demeanor, the jokes, although i wish you would cut the jokes a little shorter, just snip them a little on the end, I don't like seeing you take the bark off.  Its a beautiful tree, damnit, and the bark is just the outer part of the tree.  If you find a fabric that can get a really good bite on the bark, and keep it from falling apart, you can epoxy the bark into the picture.  you wouldn't be able to feel the texture of the bark, but you would at least see it.
The damascus pattens can also be seen as geography lines. Another cool idea would be to create a pattern like the Lord of the Rings Middle Earth map.
Denim, at 21:00ish, i made some extremely unladylike noises. Cam, this is fkn stunning. Beautiful. If only you could send this to me in Australia.
Happy to watch anything you make, as your always informative & entertaining. thks fm UK
Demin
Denim - like it.  Have you seen Peter Brown's channel - he's done some small scale denim pieces - glasses, bracelets turned on lathe, etc.  He talked about the feel of it - might have some ideas on the fuzzy question you had.   Interestingly I saw a IG story today on Jimmy Diresta and Derek from Malden picking up a big denim roll along with leather from an abandoned seat factory.
Denim. I'd like to see one that's uses a bunch of colours- tertiary colours- like the colourful turned plywood and paper bowls you see. Denim is quirky, but conventional. If you're going to go there I'd love to see you go full sweetie jar and see what you get.
While I'm in apparel is not a big fan of denim, this was just magnificent! So, DENIM it is!
.
As a denim epoxy specialist, I would guess that the reason the top layer of the denim gets "fuzzy" is because of the cutting/running it through the plainer. The blades are moving super fast and basically "destroying" the top layers of the denim making it soft again. I would also guess that no matter how much you fuse epoxy into the denim, the epoxy doesn't seep all the day into the middle of every fabric strand so the tiny stands of fiber might actually be slightly dry in the very center.
The purple spray gun doesn't seem very effective.
bro shitting on your audience because they share their knowledge while youre here in the business of sharing your knowledge only makes you sound like a salty triggerd twat. You gotta let it go bro, and if you cant, than dont read the comments for your own mental health.
Denim, you should definitevly do one with a geometric patern. like a 10 cm grid. It would look awesome
denim I serously love what you are doing with denim.  This pattern def a little half bob job, but thats not the problem.  The wood base is all wrong.  It is a manly table,  it is a blue collar inspired table, and you used some light finish, brightly colored wood as a base.  Thats a betrayal.  You aren't making a denim counter top for julia child, you aren't making a crafting table for martha steward to hot glue some felt roses to a flower vase.  This table has bolls, so give it four legs with leather boot inspire legs.  It needs tree trunk legs, or maybe even some caterpillar brand inspired heavy equipment style legs, like large yellow plate steel to hold the desk up.  You built a manly man desk top, and the table legs say this man likes to go for a latte, massage and get his nails done.  You built a table that screams "I am a man" and hits his chest like alex jones, and then gave it paris hilton chihuahua in a gucci bag vibe legs.
I like denim short shorts
This looks awesome pity about the dick shape though lol
Do batik pleasee! 😍
LOL "what the fuck did you make now" the guy at the sander.  You can't leave denim "soft and fuzzy" - oils and staining from the hands during everyday usage will leave horrible grubby patches you wont be able to get rid of.  You'll have no choice but to seal it.
Denim. I think this is one of the best things you have done Cam - looks fantastic! I suspect that are going to be a lot of other channels trying to copy you very soon.
Would be great to see a geometric pattern red Damascus denim using puck sized diamonds squares triangles etc. basically a persian rug denim table!
Denim -  So. Freaking. Awesome! I would love to see what material printed with US Army pixilated camouflage pattern looks like in a similar style. You rock Cam!
More denim. Deffinitely... Also maby a live edge river kinda denim table?
Denim
technically u are a "How To" channel with your epoxy workshop 😅😅
Denim, I really liked how the table turned out, think I would have preferred a darker wood for the base, I almost always prefer darker woods though so not sure that's saying anything.
i would love to see you use different colors in your denim  i love this table  and i love to watch as it is soothing and allows my mind to settle   just love your work
Wow, I almost regret I am already subbed to your channel because I would love to sub to you now just for that "no one likes you" rant. Thank you for saying what so very badly needed saying. I only wish you had run the list a lot slower, it would have been fun to read it.
what's the hell is a "fluffernutter" and you missed one; "hoover" when it's a vaccum, as with most of those the BRAND NAME has become synonymous with the item, and I can't play softball so I don't give a crap about not being on your team.  oh and "stained glass" when 99% of the time it's a "leaded light" - stained glass is when they PAINT a design on the glass such as in churches, plain coloured glass is called "leaded lights".
Denim Denim Denim
Denim. Love the look of the Damascus pattern.
Vacuum ~ when the "islands" first started to appear when planed, I thought of the UAE manufactured islands: Palm Jumeirah, Deira Islands, and Palm Jebel Ali. your slab is better and less environmentally hazardous.
Denim. Love this one
denim! I'd love to see this same technique with simple geometric shapes instead of all the random psychedelic stuff.
Id love to see a denim base with wood top
Denim. Please do denim again
Ok Crikey, im off the softball team, quite a lot.
DENIM - just denim
babe, wake up. new black tail video.
Do more denim
Denim, maybe a camo pattern damascus like: military green/black/grey camo and hunter's autumn kit: leaf motif, orange and black kind the actual wooden bits would prolly be dark wood for the "hunting lodge" vibe.
I think good step for you is to study color theory. Good artists knows how to choose good colors.
I like how he bullies people for using a term correctly 🤣 There was a group that did a car hood out of carpet and finished it nice, maybe be able to take some tips from that.
Cam. Why not get a slab and power carve the surface to provide topographical contour, then layer canvas and calico before epoxy vac bag.  PS. Does the camera guy have the Ambulance and ED on speed dial? If not, why not?!
Denim… now that you’ve introduced it, you can’t just not make anymore.  denim Tapered/framed round infinity mirror or clock with lower shelf for storage of keys or something
Denim hitman
You just lost me with your negative attitude towards the commenters  who you don't like correcting you, I wonder how far helicopter pilots would get if they were all self taught? Sorry I forget your not a woodworker just a furniture maker or whatever, does that now include Tailoring. You just created a hater as I'm all for patterned steal, correct nomenclature and not self important egos!
That pattern looks so good. Beautiful contrast and color, and the moment you fitst poured epoxy atop the freshly sanded top was left me in awe for a sec. Thx for sharing such great project!
Mate this is next level, love how your expanding your craft, trying new things.
denim. yes.
I do a lot of fiberglass and epoxy, the fibers get fuzzy on any edge or area where you sand them or cut them. When the fibers are agitated  the epoy bond doesn't hold at the edges where they lost the continuity with the rest of the epoxy laminate. It's gonna happen no matter what you do. As is the life of epoxy projects. Great video man.
Denim is one of those materials that go in and out of fashion.  But as proud workpersons we’re above such things, and denim is eternal.
Denim, absolutely! This is one of my favorite pieces I've seen from you!  (Congrats, you made epoxy table building into a fiber art! 😂)
13:41
Cam "I don't know how I'm gonna get the round ones...". When my kids asked meb"how do I do XYZ?"; my first response was thypically "Ccarefully!", which gave me the time to think "how the f**k can you do that?" which frequently evolved into me asking, "How do you think it could be done?" and then guided them in solving the question themselves
One of the best channels on YouTube. And I watch a lot of YouTube.
I love it, it looks really cool. It's almost hypnotizing, I'm not sure if I would be able to work, would it be my work desk, but it's really interesting piece of furniture.
Im one of those people you hate. Im my defence, Im autistic and I dont have a filter. I will go find some lego's to step on.
Enjoyed the video. One thought. When metal workers make their Damascus/layered steel pattern they often go to great efforts to make the pattern consistent or repeatable.  I think to make the pattern with multiple ‘X’ would look good. Or for a random pattern do all small round pattern to create ‘raindrop’ pattern
If anyone does want to route really small pieces on a router table, one of the safe ways to do it is to clamp a large wooden clamp to that tiny piece, and then you hold the large wooden clamp.
Might you use rolled up denim in place of wood?  And a raindrop pattern would be the bees knees!
denim you could use black denim or die white denim
Denim tables look great 👍, more of please 😃. And continue mocking those keyboard warriors please  😄.
30:31 Denim, yey-denim At 30:31, you look like an evil villain for some James Bond flick, up until you smiled.
Denim. Would like to see other fabrics too, maybe even a fabric/wood veneer experiment.
I've been a knife maker for around 10 years now and have worked with all kinds of "damascus." I love the look and I have to say that this is the coolest epoxy table I've ever seen. I may even try it myself with some black and gray denim on a much smaller scale. (Think bedside table lol.) If I do, I'll use black and gray denim to more closely match the damascus steel I use in my knife making. Thanks for showing, love the channel. Your content is some of the most interesting I've seen on youtube.
Denim in the evil lair...  The scene at the end makes you looks like a Bond villian...!!
XD, that "WTF did you build now"
That "botched breast augmentation thing" thing actually looks like Elmo is taking a peek over a fence or something -- I really hope you can see it 😂   Those finishes you are using/selling really look amazing on this and some of the other products I've seen you build. Just think how the frame would look in the "ear wax amber" sort of look that beeswax gets after a couple months in the sun. The fact is that modern materials need modern finishes, and they always matched up well in your videos.  PS for the correction comment guy(s): don't worry, not everyone wishes something bad happens to you, but you probably get called an a-hole a lot more than you'd like 😂
Denim, I was so skeptical when I saw my other half watching this, but it turned out really well. BUT could you create something with colourful yarn?
Beautiful. Love it 100%
A structural tip. On your little triangles underneath the denim beautiful blob, run the grain parallel to the long edge.  It will have 'proper' structure and I think look better.
If my wife thought something I watched was cool and unique, you've achieved greatness. Looks great. I'm not a huge fan of the rounded edges into legs looks, but it's not horrible! I think it would be really cool to see you make something like a pool table to really test your skills.
It would be pretty cool to see if in one of your next attempts if try to replicate some of the patterns that blacksmiths use.
Denim
I learned about composite laminates in a college course of mine. They consist of a fiberous sheet (your denim) layered and cemented with a binding matrix (your epoxy). These things have some crazy properties and applications and I think you just invented your own. What are you going to call it?
denim , flight case
Denim or other exotic materials would be something other woodworking content creators are not making videos of. Great looking build.
a very unique table top, interesting pattern
Denim
You are awesome dude, rock on!👊😁. If you  need advice on Denim /epoxy work, aske one if the companies who do" Micarta " for the knife industry,  they would know best. Well done matey, love your channel and your work( and se sense of humour)😂
Denim. Love the top, but I would certainly think again about the legs. They're far too lightweight for the top. They look temporary.
*DENIM*  I would have gone for a more subtle roundover, but then I didn't make the table so can I just _STFU for a second!?_ Jeez... Having cornered the Denim Damascus market, maybe turn your attention to the leather, latex, metal spikes, and studs sector.
7.3 I believe it was seven months ago
Jawbreaker table
Denim ❤. The little things you picked on aren't worth picking on it all looks freaking awesome.
Why ARE you calling it damascus though? The discussion about damascus or not is centered around metal. What you‘re creating has its own name - so why don‘t you just call it that way?   I love that micarta-table and your video as well. And yeah. People might not like me, but well… so what? 😂
Hahahahahahaha….excellent intro…Damascus….👍🤔😀😁😀😃👍i like the ‘warmth’ that the oak brought to the project. Very unique and creative piece👍👍
i agree with your list though dry ice confuses me what's the correction? (nvm found it it was a trade marked name for a specific brand but the trademark was lost in 1932 which means calling other stuff dry ice isnt a issue even for people who care of being pedantic ). the one that bothers me greatly though is googled like theres not many common search engines and just saying binged is shorter. though im guessing that's coming from older people who don't understand what address bar is
Denim. The finished top looks absolutely awesome, though I wonder what it would have looked like with a darker base
No Denim. This is cool and it is good to see you trying different projects but I just love your woodwork too much to call for more denim. To be honest, I would not mind seeing more, but I can't wait to see the next wood project.
More denim
Denim is awesome! Love the Damascus look. I think the smaller patterns look better than the big ones. You didn't show under the table and how you hid the plywood.
Denim furniture is a beautiful look, but probably more for suited to office/corporate settings than to homes.
DENIM!!!
Make chiars
20:18 I'm no expert on anything, but no matter how saturated the denim is, there are still denim fibers in there. The tough fibers are probably sticking out of the surface of where the epoxy has been removed. Try a magnifying glass, macro lens or microscope to look closer, see what you find. I'd love to see that!
i feel like itll always be fuzzy, because you cant replace the space the denim is taking up with expoxy. itll always be soaked, but the denim will still be there, so when cut down youll eventually feel it
I ‘corrected’ you on the name of a tree once,really was just using it as an opportunity to talk about trees ( also you had the correct local name for it)
Denim  I wanna see more creative projects bigger or better.  This is cool
Denim.  Each video where you mention good and bad insults for internet wood and denimworkers I take notes, in preparation for one day using everything I have learned to compose the sickest most devastating burn in the history of youtube comments.  Probably.
Denim..... Loved both your denim builds
“Bro it’s not a silencer it’s a suppressor”
No one likes you 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Denim, greys and black next time.  It turned out beautifully.
Denim- i love the look of this like i loved the look of the previous denim table you did, but tbh Cam im not a fan of the   table base. I know its about individual tastes but it looks very plain in my view and not up to your usual standard. Like i said this is my view 😊
I like it but I agree that it does kinda look like some kind of psychedelic trippy 70s pattern more than damascus. I think the pattern blocks need smaller flat spots on top and maybe make the sides less steep. I don't know, just something to get rid of the large solid shapes. I also think the base should have been darker. Probably not black walnut or something but the base was too lightly colored I think. That's just me though.
Denim, especially damascus! That thing just looks stunning, although I can't judge the psychedelic effect from the video.
Denim! Why the fuz? So, as a knitter this is my theory- denim is made from cotton, and cotton fibers are some of, if not, the shortest fiber that is spun into thread. Because it is so short you have to have more turns per inch to get the fibers to grab onto each other. Those tightly spun threads are then plied into yarns for weaving. My guess is that the plys are looser than the threads and the viscosity of the epoxy isn’t saturating the threads, just the yarns.  So when cut, you’re getting dry internal cotton fibers from the threads sticking up.  Again, not an expert, and just my theory.
0enim
What a masterpiece, very nice.
Denim. It looks amazing. I just wonder if this techique could be used with another material. Lets say newspapers. I think old newspapers could look amazing layered like this. But I think it would be good maybe for smaller tables? Not sure if the big machine you rent would be able to cope with paper-epoxy mixture.
Denim, cool proof of concept, but i thought the first denim table looked better. Maybe this  could work with wood in the center and denim around? That way you can use less denim and epoxy per table
Denim! I do agree with Scott that the roundover is just a tiny bit too big, but it's personal taste. I understand the choice for white oak, but... I'd love to see a dark brown, maybe even red(ish) wood with copper or brass accents.  That would look very fancy in my opinion. Maybe even a bit more of a beefy look to the base. While we're going nuts, how about one of the three legs/corners looking like a branch from a tree? Ok ok, I'll shut up now... Another very nice piece. I don't have 17k laying around so good luck selling it and on to the next denim adventure! 🙂
Instead of blocks of wood to create the Damascus pattern, why not blocks of laminated denim?
Denim, looks fricking awesome, I enjoy your videos very much, thank you.
Denim.   Fun to watch….. who tf can afford to spend $17,000 on a table though 😳
Denim. I really like the look of the layered damascus wooz Denim cloth thing. The patern and rounded over edges look great too, in my opinion. Have a great week.
Denim, I mean if you are claiming to be the largest denim/epoxy channel on youtube, you sort of have to keep doing it. Also definitely my favorite denim/epoxy channel on youtube (This year so far).
Denim ... denim, denim .. Denim denim denim de de denim. dendenden denim!
Denim.  Not predominantly, however.  This was a lovely piece of work, which I think of as mokume gane style, rather than damascus, but a similar technique of layering and exposure.  Your beautifully-crafted pieces have joined other artisans on my "hope to win a lottery so I can acquire one" list!
I know what fucking screws you're talking about. The f bomb was perfect.
Do i smell a epoxy denim chair on the horizon
Denim, definitely. Gorgeous.
Love the table Cam, but 17,000 is way too much, would you take 45 dollars and a pack of donuts?
This really gives meaning to people saying 'woodwork is in your jeans'......
Denim, awesome table!
Day 10 of asking you to make something out of arbutus
Denim! I think it might look pretty nifty if you made a world map denim table. The shoddy looking Africa on this denim table inspired the thought. I also think the leather for legs looks a bit better than regular wood - but that's just my opinion.  Either way, super cool stuff! I'm excited to see what you make in the future!
I just love these reactions at 19:32 !!
Denim. Love watching your projects.
denim looks great! I especially like the section of small dots where its more detailed
As a proof of concept, it turned out great!  As a finished product it turned out great!  My one critique would be the layout of the plywood pattern pieces: most of them were long-ish, and you arranged them more or less parallel to each other.  And you put the smaller round bits all clumped together at one end.  I think that a more varied pattern, more random, would create a more pleasing overall look.  Few if any long skinny pieces, more varied shapes.  A mix of large, medium, and small shapes, all interspersed.  That would lend the most 'random' type of patterning.  Or, use only long shapes laid parallel, for a more intentional stripe-y sort of grain.  And/or, going off of that, you could go for a specific pattern- like leopard spots, or zebra stripes, or larger giraffe-like spots, or zig-zags, or a gradient of pattern density from one end to the other.  You could even spell out a name or something!  The possibilities are practically endless!  I was concerned when you went in to those certain center areas with the sander, but admit that it was a good choice; they did look better with the distinct center color, rather than the half-worn, see-through stage.  Maybe another pass through the machine would have taken care of them?  But maybe it would have made others.  It looked good, at any rate.  -My 2¢
I heard in your voice . . ."Opps, got the sting in the tail coming up . . ." and I was right.  🤣🤣🙂 And quite right too. Pedantry is a deplorable fault, and I am ashamed  when I catch myself at it. I reckon it feels fuzzy because the fibers are soft, and the epoxy is hard. The hard sands away and leaves the soft slightly proud and every attempt to change that can only make it more apparent.
Denim, let’s see some Selvedge
Well bugger me, I had no idea there was a "real" Damascus.
*Denim* , definitely the largest and best denim table making channel on the Tube, that is not of course a "how to" denim channel.  More please, have you considered tartan, I'm sure your Scottish viewers would love that 👖👖👖
Denim. I love the look. 60's psychedelic look would work awesome in a home hitting that vibe.  Thing is with the odd ball bits is that is what it needs. If it were too perfect it would look wrong. Just like Damascus (Pattern welded steel) it can't be too uniform or you may as well just etch stain it with a template. Gotta love the random!  BTW that oak base nailed it.  Idea for a project. Make a denim Damascus slab piece as a centre insert into a larger table. 1/3 rd in the centre against the same oak. Using it as an accent has some weird but cool possibilities.
Looked great Cam. If you don’t mind me asking how much did it cost to make that table
Rarely agree with you 100%, mostly like 85%. This time I think you're right 101%, on finish, on the base selection and finally on the denim/damascus idea. It looks stunning, good luck with the sale.
Wow that is such a unique cool looking amazing table! Something I've never seen before! It actually looks like those cool knives! One of the most beautiful tables I have ever seen! ❤
Fanim of the Denim💜
Damn $17k
You need to talk to knife makers, they’ve been using micarta for a long time.
I was going to buy it. But then the shipping wasn't included. And I couldn't get it the next day. 😩
Denim, more. Love to follow your exploration of a new material and methods
Nice
Definitely gotta call it denimscus
I am sure, that, with hair, you look like Tom Cruise! 😅 Great work!
Great point about commenters. My rule is, If your comment does or could start with the word “actually…” don’t post it.
Denim - I do love that takedown of Pedants!
I'm loving the denim projects but I especially love this one it's giving me ideas for a project of my own.
DENIM. Canyou try canvas? Or leather?
love your videos, every single one of it, doesn't matter if it has denim or no denim.
Cam, Denim, that table looks really sharp! Thank you for taking time to film, edit and post this video.
Denim. This is so cool Cam! I think it would be interesting to experiment with power carving the plywood shapes to get some variation in height. I’m guessing the result might look sort of like a topographical map? Who knows. I’m thinking you’re the foremost expert in denim epoxy technique until this trend goes viral.
Denim! Love it ❤
nice build, more denim please
Denim! its a bit of a shame that such an amazing and beautiful table has such a wobbly base :(
Denim...That is the coolest epoxy finish Ever!!! I can't afford it but I'm sure someone will buy it!
I wanna start doing tables every time i watch your videos :)
Denim boobs is interesting
Unbelievable, what an awesome concept, where did the original idea for a piece of furniture made of denim come from?   Looks amazing by the way, love to see more!! 😁
DENIM - not my favorit build of yours. But still an awesome video, so much creativity. Thx for showing the world whats possible.
Denim.  Awesome work - excellent video, fantastic table 🙂
Just when I was trying to decide if you're a wood worker or an artist, you decided to make a table out of epoxy and denim 🤣
DENIMeters is a new scale you could use?
i had never heard you swear before that was an interesting moment
I am LOVING it. that being said, trying all this new stuff with such a piece where so much work went into seems a bit extreme. maybe test a bunch of things, such as finished with small test pieces in between table builds?
amazing!  love it Cam
Denim... but now Flannel.
Well, now I have no respect for you because of your petty concern for someone correcting you. You must be one hell of an a hole, full of immaturity and egotism. GROW UP! 🤬 Most pleasant unsubscribe of my years. 😂
denim.
Denim, more please.
No denim. That's the comment.
the amount of people who correct me when i call my waverunner a jet ski....bro shut up you have a kayak
Denim
Я восхищаюсь,вашим творчиством,и вашей работой,то что вы делаете это прекрасно!!!Удачи вам и долгих лет жизни.
No denim! Amazing concept but I would like to see more wood working!
That's really neat stuff. Would be great to have a small table done this way. Love to see more denim projects for sure. For example making a book shelve using just denim. Take care from Canada eh!
sigma
Denim. Already subscribed, but dropping a like a comment for the excellent use of a "f#ck" in reference to specific IKEA hardware!
I'd buy it...but I can't afford it 😢.
@blacktailstudio  Haha😂😂 for all you interesting people....... no one likes you.....😂😂😂😂 o man. Thank you so much for a good laugh
Always do hype for a new release
Easy Composites, the people who's product you used for the vacuum forming also does some awesome videos. And, I'm with Scott, the smaller round over looked better.  But hey, it's your table.  Make what you want.
DENIM - That Damascus rant was beautiful 😘🤌
What happened to the wood that you Used to create the "wave profile" ? Is it left inside the Table or did you remove it somewhere along the way ? I mean It seems that you left it inside and just covered it underneath with more Denim layers. Not judging if you did, I guess you would have to make like 3 times more layers to make it completely out of Denim, but I am just curious. Or maybe you did remove it and filled in with Epoxy ?
More Denim, please.
Denim  btw if you want to learn more about this vacuum bagging and infusion stuff check out the youtube channel "Easy Composites Ltd". They do the best tutorials on all that stuff.
It's like a topographical map - a fingerprint of Earth.
Denim!!!  Honestly, I’m not sure if I like the style of the base but the wood really does go with the denim. Really need to see more denim projects though, I’m invested now.
Denim.... a chair? Make a chair to go with the table. Thanks for the video! Have a great weekend!
Can I tell you how much I appreciate your head on approach to the trolls? I'm going to anyway. It's awesome.
Denim, The reason for the fuzz is because the epoxy is not being absorbed by all of the microscopic fibers. If you look at magnified images of denim, it might make sense.
это просто превосходно ! :)
No one can complain if you invent your own term: Denimascus.
That is absolutely gorgeous! I can’t wait until my kids are old enough that they don’t destroy the table with all their crafty projects. So for now it’s my scratched, stained, and ugly one. 😂
Looks more like Timascus (Titanium Damascus) than Damascus.
Denim. Great idea and great execution but I've gotta say that first denim table with the brass outlets is the best I've ever seen.
MORE DENIM
Nobody wants you to skin your fingers on your router. I think most of us want to see your end result on your project.
Denim vids are the best
More denim damascus!! Looks awesome.
كالعادة عمل مثالي، وأحلم بتنفيذ نفس المشروع في بلدي. as usual a perfect job, I dream of carrying out the same project in my country. comme d'habitude un travail parfait, je rêve de réaliser le mêm projet dans mon pays.
Denim is going to be an incredible new medium for your channel. This is one of my favorite pieces I've seen you make so far, can't wait to see where else you can take it. Maybe even non-standard-jean colored denims also? Not sure if that would be cool or weird.
I love it!
This is my favorite
Super.
More denim.
2 months of no video and our dear Cam can't even say "Happy New Year" to us😁🤣🤣... surely we are his subjects
No denim but more novel materials 😂
Good do see a woodworking channel making a distinction between Damascus and pattern welding more times than most metalworking channels.
Denim! Turned out so good, one of my favorites you've done.
Oh damn, that looks better than I thought, imagine what you could do with more color variation!
Denim. We need denim chairs. Pencils up. Begin!
Denim. I had to watch your video at .25 speed to read that list of words we shouldn't care about. My question is, what else can you call a hula-hoop?
Denim! I’m over here waiting for the tactical khaki pant table. Amazing content as always brother!
👋👍
i prefer wood projects...but this was kind of original
Denim! Oh Cam, it's beautiful! Needs a matching chair! I love that you are exploring new types of materials. Well done.
I had no Idea about Dumpster :)
you forgot to add tin foil to your list. its ALUMINIUM!
Pro tip  - IKEA will ship you free hardware and parts from any of their kits for those screws you lost.  :D
Denim. You are such a dag Cam the desk came out a treat bud, nice work. I always come back to your channel as you are usually up to something new and this project is typical of your cutting edge ( see what I did there ) ideas.
I really love the way it came out looks awesome
Such a cool piece!!! Well done man. Love watching your process. And to be clear, i am strictly watching for entertainment and not education. Ive grown up watching this old house and Norm Abrams with my dad, so this is probably why im obsessed with woodworking and apoxy crafts. Im a truck driver so i [like many] live these experiences vicariously through you. Pure satisfaction,Thank you
Denim, definitely more denim. I really love the "damascus" look, but I think it would be interesting to try to do something more like some of the defined patterns, like a raindrop or ladder damascus design. Also, thank you for your rant about the nitpickers. There is a place for semantic accuracy, but the workshop isn't it!
Denim.  Even though I will likely never do anything like that myself. ...Seeing Eye Dog?
Denim. Has anyone given you grief for saying nobody likes you yet? 😂😂
How about a bunch of smaller scraps of denim.  Like a paper mache table?  Or! Just a paper mache table?
Denim! I would love to see more furnitures made of denim..
Denim! That’s all I have to say on that matter.
Denim WHO IS THE NEW GUY?! D: its been a while i feel lost, also this was enjoyable to watch im wondering how you could incorporate folds or wrinkles into the look.... or even antic levi buttons or something of that nature..... or the classic gold/brown stitching of old levi jackets.... my mind is full of wishful nostalga
7/8s roundover ruined it, smh
Denim Love what you do. Maybe next time you can use black denim for a table.
Denim epoxy builds are definitely interesting 🤔 , I’m working on 2 nightstands (from old growth DF) that I’m hoping to try my 1st tabletop epoxy on , the tops are actually 1 3/4 “ X 22” X 22” not glued up ( from my grandpa he was a millwright in Oregon . )
Denim! Creative, innovative, unique, and well executed, can’t wait to see what you do with denim next!
Denim. And what is a “clock graphic stack”?
We have another similar thing in Australia, we call drywall "Giprock" which is a brand of plasterboard, and we call coolers "Esky's" another brand name
this is probably my FAVORITE table you've done. and it's made of denim.😂 eventhough i'm not a woodworker, this was definitely a fun watch
Denim. Also I was thinking this would work really well if you went with a black and a grey denim. It feels very contrasty which is maybe why it doesn't work quite as well? Also, I wonder if you can do layers of denim and wood. Like if you get large sheets of veneer and layered it with a light colored denim. That could be really cool if it worked.
More denim! So there is a word for this table top material. The word for layers of material soaked in epoxy is called micarta. A lot of knife makers make smaller slabs then cut it into pieces for knife handles.
No denim, I love the look of it and I like the innovation of the craft. However, my favorite tables of yours are the “Fire + Epoxy” ones. Would love to see more of those. I do think doing a denim night stand or something smaller would be nice. Maybe a denim coffee table with the carved base would be pretty nice. But more fire and epoxy stuff would be much appreciated, thank you for the amazing content, and keep on with the good work man. Best of luck!
Denim Project with wood bending base.
Denim   This table looks amazing- no matter what anyone says! This men is creating his own way, props to you sir! 😎👖
Denim. I’ve watched every single one of your videos and loved them all. The voiceovers are my favorite. And tapping into a new world of materials such as denim keeps me coming back
That guy "what the f*** did you make now?" haha
More Denom ofc.. :)
this material is called micarta if I remember correctly. Some type of fabric infused with epoxy. It's a popular material used to make knife handles
you're a madman. love everything you make.
Denim, that looks awesome, I wish I could afford that lol
"What the F*** did you make now?"  Hahahaha.  Nice job, Cam.
Cookie monster’s soul imprisoned in denim and epoxy at the end there
Jumped the shark?
Denim! Glad to see you included Zamboni in your list! I drove an Olympia (in Anchorage, Alaska) for about 10 years but, hey, let's face it, it was a Zamboni.
Denim, Beautiful desk. I liked the 5/8th roundover. I have no doubt people will be chasing your works one day. While i like art i am not terribly interested in owning any. I do enjoy the process and i respect the hard work and thought that goes into a project even if i dont enjoy the finished product.
Denim, I dont't know how to make you belive that a video from your channel excites me more than something from like a MrBeast. And then you drop this video, it might have been one of your best work. I wish I had the money or space to buy it.
Denim  Might be my favorite table ever! Love the narration as well.
Denim, this is without a doubt the coolest looking table you’ve done and the coolest resin table I’ve seen, super excited to see where you go from here would love to see you try different Damascus patterns.
BARBAR TÜRKLER
Demin. Great way to get the pattern to show. Awesome table. I agree with Scott on the size of the rounding though.
Denim ❤ maybe pater patterns?like a cavern or a ravine think grand canyon
The mechanism that makes fabric absorbent is called "capillary action" essentially the liquid is wicked up in the tiny spaces in-between the individual fibers and is held there by friction and surface tension.  When the resin hardens, it's still only in-between the fibers of the material, the surface feels hard and glossy like resin, but as soon as you sand it, you're allowing the individual ends of the fibers to be free again. It feels soft because the fibers are not totally locked in place, and can still have the general texture that the denim originally had, just with the air replaced.
That is fucking cool!
(Denim) well actually, what you are using is just blue diagonal twill weave cotton fabric. You see... denim comes from Nimes France. So, unless you bought your fabric from approved denim dealers originating from Nimes France then you aren't using denim. Looks like what you've made is pattern welded blue diagonal twill weave cotton fabric. Just a friendly note from the Denim Police.
No key word this Video? Hopefully you don't get many trolls in the comments about the cost of your table 😂
Dumb question - does it have to be blue denim? Red would be amazing or a green.   Jeans come in all colors!
I would be interesting to see of rolled or balled up denim could replace the plywood to get you the bumps needed for the Damascus look.
Denim i wish i had the tools to do what you do
Denim but with different colored sheets.  Looks great man
DENIM    Perfect choice for the base.....maybe some small drawers with a denim drawer front?!?!?!
denim , i really like your OCD attention to detail, one day when i have enough saved up , i will buy a table from you
Damascus Top⁉👀😳 Don't Mind if I do
The funny part is that I got an ikea ad on this video 😂
Dude!... At 30:11 when the camera moves, that table really IS psychedelic. For a second it looks like the pattern is moving. Make that in green, orange and red denims and start playing some sitar. Haha! Cool build!! ...If you ever need to make a bullet-proof table, someone used fireproofing canvas and resin, it was tested by some gun-tuber and it held up amazingly. (v=uxRJPVhuxh8) -Just in case a mob-boss wants a table from you.
Denim - this was so captivating and inspiring.so many ideas in my head now for materials I could use. Brilliant x
Denim for sure. Cam, you went off in the beginning and I love you more for it (40 things). Great result on the table. Scott fantastic shots and filming!!! I think this would be an awesome table to have. Good lord that was a lot of material used!
Denim.
Denim... This is very exquisite. The base would have been better 😂
Denim topographic map .
Denim.
I think this would be even more stunning with grey, black, white monotone denim.  Maybe even a few deep/dark reds mixed in for that "pop".  With that wood buck technique, you could really make an awesome repeating pattern as well.
Me: oh googlie eyes. Cam: titties
Moar denim plix.  I actuly love this and the prior denim table, hmm you say 3? What am I missing?
Denim..  Very impressive to find so great new content and build. Congrats!
Love the madness of it all, a Damascus styled denim table, who comes up with that? XD Well it looks great, really beautiful piece. Only critique I have is I think it deserves a chunkier base, looks a lioottle fragile even though it isn't.  You may have found your niche though, the denim epoxy guy XD  Imagine what other then tables you could do like this.
Denim, I love the video and I really like the table 👍
Demin. I love it. Awesome
Denim.  Dude that's a really cool table.
Bro, this was a sick build. Pretty sure the fuzziness is a result of the cotton fibers themselves. After planing, you’re basically left with a cross section of epoxy and cotton. Like a dense forest of hard wood trees interspersed with trees that are fuzzy from head to toe.
Denim. Im not sure about parts of the pattern, especially the bigger parts. I think the small circles are the most beautiful part
Denim
Denim - That is such an awesome table
I guess you could say the Damascus Sheriffs are coming out of the Woodworks
Denim.  I think a dark base would look better.  The high contrast between the light base and the dark top makes it look like a top and a base rather than a cohesive unit.  That said, I think the top looks great.  Other patterns might look good.  Maybe taller or shorter wood blocks, or something like a long central mountain range, maybe running diagonally across the table with smaller peaks scattered around.  I love what you have and am looking forward to what you come up with in the future.
Denim! Love your wood and epoxy tables, but as a fashion designer, this new denim angle is super appealing and looks so cool! Just an idea but what about trying some heat-pleated fabric made into fan shapes and embedded in epoxy, kinda Robert Wun vibes 🤔 Love the channel!
Denim ;) What a clickbait ;) fabric damascus has a name its Micarta. Seriously, great job, now i think about conventional wood river table, but river made with this material .
Damn.
Denim - love it.
love these cool tables, please make more denim tables
never a dull moment
Denim.  I love the way the top looks, but I think the base was a little too simple.
Denim! This table looks awesome. Denim seems like a neat niche to fill!
Great idea, and good-looking. An idea to make it more similar to damascus: in this table, the variation in strata are limited to the center, while the edges are mostly flat. I wonder if, instead of plywood, the shapes could be made out of wrapped or folded denim. This way, you could continue the variation through the edge
Denim. I like the depth of the pattern, it very much reminds me of a topographical map showing a body of water.
Denim - black tail 2010: “hi I’m Cam I make epoxy tables” black tail 2024: “hi I’m Cam I make whatever the f*** I want” 😅 love it.
I can say that I'm subscribed to the #1 denim and epoxy youtube channel in the world
Make a coffee table on denim that is red on top an contour into dark green base/leg
Denim! Would love to see this with a non-blue denim, like shades of black -> grey, though maybe it'd just end up looking just like darkly painted wood
Denim. This proyect with the vacuum table made me wish a collab between this channel and Baumgartner Restoration!
Just trying to be helpful :) for the people who genuinely don't know, the "denim damascus" is a real legitimate thing called micarta... and it's used in a lot of things like kitchen tool handles :)
That is the most fascinating and interesting table I have ever seen. It is a unique work of art
Denim, Denim, Denim.  I love this table. Now that you have a better proof of concept, I can't wait to see what you will make. PS: Bonus points if you read the beginning with the Mario Theme in mind.
Denim micarta rocks!! You should consider some linen micarta as well, another fantastic looking and feeling material.
Yes more denim ty so much brother great vid
Denim for sure! I love your personality, Cam! It's genuine and it cracks me up when you talk about IKEA
Denim, it looks awesome! You did a great job......for a circumcised man!
Denim. I loved the look. I think you could make some really crazy colors POP.
これはいいね👍
Demin!! I really liked the look of that table.
I think you just invented the next logo table.
Demin but green and red
Denim Ilove the table. It is so interesting : the shapes, apparent texture, the color changes, I would like to look at it for a long time, so I could consider all of the different aspects of the table. Thank you for the video.
I can't speak for anyone else, but my autism is why I often correct prople.
it was good but i didn't liked the legs
Denim! This table is absolutely stunning, and I love the psychedelic look of it!
Denim As you sand the denim you cut threads and since the epoxy cannot fit inside the individual fibers you end up with the "tails" popping up and it is fuzzy. With wood, the threads are much more rigid and also have the organic "fiber" structure that held them together in the first place so they don't pop up.
Next time distressed canvas?
A epoxy table from BlacktailStudio is on my bucket list. I don’t know how long will take me but it will happen!
Denim. The interactions with Scott and the little documentary like making of sections are really nice. MORE!!!!!
The reason the denim gets fuzzy again is that the epoxy  penetration hasn't reached the center of the tightly twisted cotton fibers. Basically the fabric is soaked through but the yarn fibers aren't. You would need more vacuum than you can achieve in a home shop to get the yarns fully soaked through, it's similar to trying to drink jello with a straw (possible but hard to do).
It definitely more than them and other weird material projects. A maker that I respect once told me that trying new things isn't about showcasing what you already know, it's about learning what you don't. You can only seek Improvement in your skills if you're pushing your boundaries.
Denim
Fun fact! A lot of cosplayers work with both epoxy and denim (and just fabric in general). So I wouldn't be too quick to say youre the bigest epoxy and denim channel on youtube.  But convincing other of it - if they dont think about cosplayers, like ever - itd be pretty easy
Denim! Amazing work!! The final finish was truly way more satisfying than I could ever imagine. Sure - maybe a bit psychadelic, but still very inspiring and impressive!
Fabulous Work !! Love watching your creative ideas and a average woodworker with great denim skills.
Denim. Keep it coming. Each one you do is an improvement from the last. One day I'll be able to afford one of your denim pieces since I'm to much of a bitch to try it myself. Lol!
I have to admit, I wasn't convinced by the concept, but I stuck through it until you started brushing on the first sealing coat of clear epoxy, and the sheer color difference completely won me over.
Denim for sure
I say totes go for more denim
Denim, I think you're kickstarting a new trend after the whole epoxy has settled down now, inspiring me to get into woodworking one day. Keep it up!!!
Brilliant!!!
Do a denim table with cargo pockets.
Denim.  That is an awesome table
No Denim, didn't hate the look, great result but my interest could become frayed after a while- prefer wood. That said I enjoy watching you for the infotainment. Wouldn't mind seeing a couple of sheets of random red denim thrown in there.
Denim… that is all
The top counter deserve way much better legs design but great job ❤
Demin table; I love it!
just wanted to make a slight correction, the "Damascus" you were talking about is actually pattern welded steel, which is a combination of high and low carbon steel stacked into a billet, welded together and then forged out and folded. True Damascus steel is actually crucible steel that naturally has high and low carbon spots in it.  I just watched further in the video, while this is a correction its mostly meant as a better explanation of what the two different kinds of metal are, but yes, essentially it is a one way synonym, Damascus means pattern welded steel, but not the other way around
denim. i like the psychedelic look.
Killer
Denim. This is so cool to see the evolution of a new style. Keep it coming.
Denim! I ultimately liked the last denim table more than this one, but eager to see if you change my mind on the next one!
Denim. Was it just me, or were none of the F bombs bleeped out this video 🤣
Denim! this is a freaking awesome table and just concept in general i love how out of the box you can get with a lot of your builds. Ultimately just keep doing what you enjoy Cam.
Denim!!  I feel like this belongs at a Levi's store or office
With each new video, I am witnessing your slow descent into madness
Denim... but let's have a gorgeous live edge wood w/denim river table!
Will gladly classify this as "Edutainment".  One of my favs.  Thanks to you and Scott.  Let's get a goddamn shop tour already.
Denim all day; I wish I could afford one of these. Nice work
I think this is awesome! A lot of what you do gives a lot of creative inspiration to me for projects to build. Absolutely love the channel.
I would like to see you make a wooden item that has Native American influences artwork on it.
Looks fantastic, certainly stands out, how will it do with hot drinks placed on there without coasters?
Denim. I agree with Scott about the edge, I think 3/4" was enough. And I agree with you regarding how psychedelic the top looks, and love how even though everything has worked out on paper, you're still happy to be critical regarding the finished look, and see it as an opportunity for learning.
Denim. Love the table. Would love to see something with a base that is  more technically difficult or with drastic angles.
Denim. It's strange Andy I liked strange
For the record, you spelled “white out” wrong in your list 😂
Denim  Nice work Cam  I agree with Scott you went just a little too big or the routing  Otherwise it’s amazing
Denim
Denim! And screw the haters! In South Africa we call a traffic light a robot and no one is going to tell us differently!
Denim. The Damascus look is incredible.
denim
this is so cool. 10/10 all around. glad to see someone trying something. excited for more of your work in denim
Denim. 100%. I almost feel lile you could use wooden templates to spell out or brand a table as partof the pattern. Either way, super cool. new dream desk <3
Denim - denim electric guitar, because I want to make one 😂
Denim definitely it’s a great original idea thank so much for sharing your awesome work
Denim! I love the woodworking projects however the denim projects are so interesting. Would love to see more projects with the denim or other fabrics with epoxy!
Denim Cam, denim 4sure mate.   And as for the keyboard warrior know it alls, ignorance is bliss. Ignore the haters and life will be sweeeet as.
Hi Cam, I’ve said before and say it again, you’re a true craftsman who excels beyond expectations with some of your ideas and this table is certainly very unique. You mentioned that some of the patterns weren’t to your liking but to control that final outcome willing be extremely difficult so what you have is something an owner knows will not be replicated. That’s very important for the customer buying any one-off item.   For some good tips on vacuum epoxy tips reach out to Brad on the Duracell Project, he’s a master it this, a shipwright and currently rebuilding an ocean racer.   These days we talk about AI taking over the world and again this is an example of human innovation coupled with imagination that couldn’t be designed or foreseen by AI, so there’s still a place for those who think outside the box and make those choices. Top marks Cam for a brilliantly finished table 👍👍
Denim. If the haters don't like the use of the "damascus" appellation,  you could call it "Camascus".
This Table looks amazing. Really cool craftmenship. Maybe you could also experiment with different materials (not only or additional to the denim) as well? E.g. put some layers of metal foil in between or even wood... Cheers!
love watching you and your commentary. No question you are a pro.
I think it technically be called Denim Micarta. Many knife handles are made from it. Unfinished it takes in a patina from the oils in the hands of the user.
Denim. I think it would be a fun challenge to try a "distressed" denim table. Twist up, wrinkle, scuff, sand, even angle grind the top few layers of denim before you infuse them so they have lighter organic patterned sections.
No denim. Did enjoy the build.
DENIM. DENIM. DENIM.
“…nobody likes you…”. This is brilliant and I laughed out loud over and over again.  Keep,it up, love your channel!😊
I'd use white, gray, and black denim next for that real damascus look.
You should do a Damascus carbon fiber table
Denim.  Okay, you should invent a new chamfer bit and call it the 'camfor bit' Thank you, thank you, I'll be here all week, don't forget to tip your waitress...
denim.  I really like this "infusion" of materials, might try this myself, but on a smaller scale (coasters, picture frames, etc)
With the amonut of stupidity in the world, I think one should be grateful if others reach out to correct him. Regardles of liking one another or not. Otherwise we'd learn about flat earth in school and watch Amber on theatre screens.
Demon!
very cool. definitely a unique piece but in a good way.
This is a great idea… and the things you could do are endless. You can make signs and pictures with this….
Denim... If you had a long haired white cat, you'd almost look like a James Bond villain at the end!
Denim boobs.
Denim. But jeans man! Do it with old jeans!
Denim projects are interesting.  I must be old and boring, because I think I prefer your earlier non-Damascus-look effort.  I've been subscribed to your channel for a long time, and almost universally enjoy your dry sense of humour.  I must say, however, that when you said of people who corrected your usage of "Damascus," 'Nobody likes you...' etc. I thought that was unfair.  Everyone's different, Cam, and some people really like clear communication and for people to be on the same page, and for usage of language to be consistent.  Sometimes, yes, it's frustrating being corrected.  But you don't know what was in that commenter's heart when they said what they said.  Sure, some of them may just be unpleasant "trolls."  But it's possible, (you didn't go into much detail, so we don't really know,) that the person was genuinely trying to help you.  For that person to then be told by you, 'Nobody likes you,' that's rough and uncalled for.  Particularly for sensitive type people.  I know you're just a guy who does woodworking and puts stuff on YouTube, but your channel is big enough now for you to be able to make a living from doing so, and, in my opinion, that gives you the responsibility to be a bit bite-your-tongue with some of your comments.  Some people who correct your usage are nice people.  They just like consistent usage, in the name of clear communication.  I don't think there's anything wrong with that.  You may call this opinion overly PC, or woke, but again, I think that's a bit unfair.  Please appreciate the fact that everyone's different, and some folks will get very upset (and justifiably so, I feel,) when they get petty comebacks to statements they may have been making in an attempt to do the right thing, usage-wise.  Remember, I like you and your channel.  I don't mind you being a bit disrespectful in a dry way sometimes, when it's clearly for humorous purposes.  Mostly it is funny.  I wouldn't even mind being on the receiving end of some of those type of "gentle dig," comments myself, because I can usually tell that a) you have a fair point, and b) it's all in a bit of fun (a "comedy roast," is a known thing.)  But this was inappropriate.  Thought you should know.
Denim! Could I get a slowed down version of those unnecessary corrections? Just want to make sure to add them to my list 😅
Denim - love it.  Thanks for sharing.  I agree with your comments about the keyboard warriors.  I like to watch and see what you make and how you do it.  Sydney Australia
Denim.  This was gutsy; not knowing how it was going to turn out yet you went ahead anyway.  I understand the psychedelic comment, though, you could get a bit disoriented if you were looking at the top long enough.  The vacuum bagging technique is very common in certain industries (like aviation) where vacuum bagging is used to compress multiple layers of carbon fiber or fiberglass into structural shapes.  Overall, it's striking, and certainly a conversation piece.  One more comment; most of the orientation of the plywood pieces were in one direction (especially the longer pieces), and I was wondering whether or not you considered a mixed or more random orientation of those pieces.  Excellent work and always a learning experience for me.
I thought that the denim table was a one-off. This is very exciting. More denim pls. (Wood is cool too.)
I feel the table base looks a bit too plain, but the table top looks great 👍
Ackstuhally...that isn't denim, it's called indigoed woven textile.  :-)
The highest tier of brand recognition in marketing is when a brand name becomes commonly used for that item even when made by other brands, such as kleenex, band-aid, and most of the things you put in that list.
Ive done wet laminations and infusions on wind turbine blades almost every day for work for the past 3 years. I'd love to answer any questions you may have or just throw out ideas based on our process that you may be able to implement in yours. Thanks for the killer videos brother.
what could go wrong?
Think the base feels almost too plain given the top, insanely cool either way though
Denim - awesome project, really came out amazingly. You are really talented and give great tips that helps me. I appreciate the work and effort that go into your production. The table truly looks brilliant. Loved your comment to the haters 😂😂 really made me chuckle.
Denim!
Jable
More DENIM! But try some other fabrics, burlap would be cool, and adding strands of copper, or bits of gold leaf into the resin would probably be sweet to fill in the larger gaps between the burlap!
Denim....definitely more denim   :)
Coming from a family of smart asses I appreciate the smart ass commentary on this channel. It is spot on!
No Denim, I think the table looks great, but I’m much more fond of the different woods you use. Either way, great stuff!
More denim...less "F" bombs.
More denim
If its not from the Damascus region it is only sparkling denim.
Denim!!
I want to see all the denim
Of I'm being honest here the base looks like rubbish
Denim. I think the next one would look really cool if I was an actual topo map of some place.
Please make a version with earth’s continents as the wood pieces. Kinda like a denim damascus map🙏🏼
Denim! Wow all the possibilities with colors and it makes me wonder if you could incorporate leather into these somehow. Nicely done
Denim. Great!  I would love to have this table!
Oh thank god this channel is just for entertainment I thought I was going to have to learn something 😂
I think the epoxy/denim turns fuzzy because when the blade of the planer is going through wood it is actually cutting through the wood but when it's going through epoxy it's essentially micro shattering the epoxy ever so slightly in front of the actual cutting edge causing the fibers in the denim to be ripped rather than cut cleanly. Compared to the epoxy the lignin in the wood is stretchy and won't shatter but the epoxy is much more brittle. I'm not an expert but this would be my guess.
you forgot xerox
Gorgeous.. great work..
Denim, looks good!
More denim
This table I was surprised about, the psychedelic thought you had it looked more like a topographical map.
Idk, looks like something I can get at ikea! Jaaa 😂 I like the first denim table more.
Turned out way better than I was initially expecting!
I came here for the denim content but fell in love with the "nobody likes you" portion for the sh!t posters... Well said!!
Denim! OI
Denim - enjoying this material
{ Denim }    I want that table so bad but my bank account would jump off a bridge if i bought it... amazing work
that s the biggest micarta i have ever seen :))
Denim! Table looks great!
Hey the table looks great! I have a suggestions for one of your next projects. Try to build a pool table!!!
DENIM. Fantastic list.. had to play it at 0.25 cos "I had to know"... Got to "Fluffernutter" and wet myself laughing. I know I'm ex Brit, now Kiwi, but please...tell me thats not some American item to keep yer nuts warm. If you made it up, 10/10 Still giggling here. PS great video, great work
as a store who sells jeans this would be a great show off piece ! i don't think you will have trouble selling this one at all xD hehe
denim.  love the color combo of denim with that wood.  interested to see what other fabrics/materials you might layer up next.  thanks!
Denim - That table is really going to tie some room together!
so neat!
More please 🙏
Denim from Canada's Drag race, I love her <3
Denim ish
Denim. I enjoy all your videos
Its actually cotton-twill-denim-duck-polyester-dual-denier-hemispheric-carbon-fibre-infused-rayon-blended-pencil-shavings. I understand a person with your arrogant and crass demeanor plus low level of intelligence wouldn't understand so I won't turn you in, but watch out, we're watching you.
lol “those little annoying fucking screws to lose”
Denim ... chair
Denim. You need to get some custom Rivets or snaps to discretely use as a signature. Its beautiful.
Denim vs flannel 💙
Denim! Spectacular piece. I do not mind Africa and female anatomy at all.
You mean like the argument between me and my wife, About the word radiator. Is it pronounced that the long  "A" or short a "A"  It all depends on where you are raised , how you raised
Denim- not a whole lot else to say, this might be my new favorite video Cam, great work!
Should’ve used a mattress moving bag. Meant to be vacuumed so it’s air tight
Denim, i always look forward to seeing your videos. They are so cool 😎.  This table is fantastic. ❤
Denim..but don’t limit yourself to indigo.  Consider all the canvases like pinstriped,  undyed, selvage lined for the live edge.   Then maybe flannel for a real layered trip fest
Denim Damascus tables look amazing
CAMascus Denim, please. Your next challenge: Wood forms based on national parks, to create topographic layers in green denim. If you read all the way to this comment, include your PIN number and mother's maiden name.
It would look great if you could mimic a real wood grain instead of this psychodelic pattern. But I really enjoyed watching you experimenting with new stuff.
Making denim baklava 😄
epic
Beautiful!
More denim would be awesome to see. Imagine tie-dying the denim then doing this. It'd probably just look gaudy, but there's one way to find out.
Denim, denim, for sure more denim.  I think the fuzzy is because denim is made of thick cotton strings, so the resin can't fully soak the strands solid. When you sand it, much like how the grain lifts for wood, it lifts up soaked wisps of fuzzy cotton that feel soft because they're so thin and springy — kinda like with frizzy hair and water-based gels. The top-coat slicks these strands down much like a pomade would to hair, and makes it smooth again.
"Damascus Denim Table" 3 words I never thought I would see together but here we are and it looks AMAZING!
By Den..nim
Denim Yeah, my first thought was psychedelic too 😅. Though I like it a lot. If you try this again (please do), try having more of the small dots. And when smoothing out the wooden blobs, don't just camfer the edges, you should smooth out the whole thing in order to avoid having those sploches, the demin grain would go through into the middle of the wooden blobs. Edit: added denim
"Nobody likes you" is just 1 of the reasons you're the best.
You did what? 😅🤣 cheers
DENIM, beautiful work. I have always loved patterned welded steel and this captures that look amazingly! I don't know how it could be made with denim but a feather pattern would be pretty amazing.
DAMN might bee the coolest table i ever seen
denim, pretty cool!
Bro the table is pretty nice but the base is the worst for that kind of table
Denim!!! Different colors, maybe symmetrical patterns?? That table/desk came out amazing. I'd love to see what black and red would look like!! Thanks Cam and Scott, keep up the amazing work
Kinda looks like aboriginal dream time stories 🤙🇭🇲
It's pretty much denim micarta. Awesome material. Totally dig this!
Denim. That's all. Just Denim.
Denim for sure.  Has to be one of the most stunning and cool tables ive seen
Some Denim. I love this video, and I think the table looks great... but I really enjoy watching you make things out of wood. I don't really know how to describe it. It feels like... something I could do. In the sense that (not that I would be good at it of course) I could go buy some wood, epoxy, and build a table. It seems like something I would want to do. The denim... not so much, the video is enjoyable for your normal wit, and the finished product is great, but it doesn't express the same "Hmmm, maybe I should give that a try some day" the way wood does.
denium, I really like the look you got on ths table mate, would love to see more thanks
Wow what a way to start ff a video telling some guy you don't care if he is right. and then insulting him by saying "Nobody likes you and we all hope that bad things happen to you". That's got to be the most spiteful thing I have heard on a you tube channel.  So you know just because you have 2.54 m subscribers doesn't mean that your not an idiot at times.  I don't know this person at all. So just out of disgust I will not watch any of your stuff again. Take care of yourself .
$17,000 ?!?!?!! Unbelievable
Denim. I kinda want to know if one of these denim epoxy tops are bullet proof.
Some shrooms and incense and I could stare at that table for hours.  Very psychedelic, man.
Denim. The botched breast augmentation is what certifies this as True Art™.
Denim. I'm also quite disappointed that Bondo didn't make your "needless corrections" list lol
Denim. First, let me say that I have arguably the smallest woodturning page on Instagram so I know my compliments will mean a great deal to you. I honestly was not a fan of the idea but, I was wrong.  I think it turned out really cool. I truly enjoy your videos.
The night before I was just thinking, man there’s gonna be a new blacktail video soon. He must be cooking up something crazy.
Denim looks great next to that light oak. Love the creativity and prototyping you’ve done in recent videos. Your typical black epoxy and walnut tables fit my personal taste more but this piece is a work of art. Thanks for taking the risk for our entertainment and inspiration. Can’t wait to see more denim stuff!
Denim! You probably already know, but the word denim comes from de Nimes. In this french town they made this fabric named after the place where it was made. I love the table and I hope you will make more! Perhaps a smaller round table😊
What about using flannel? Feel like that might be cool, too.
Definately need more denim working videos. My, it's been a while, how have you been mate.
Denim for sure. The final product is striking. Your mind’s eye sees things others never dream about.
Denim definitely would like to see more
GED = Diploma is dropout loser cope
Denim --- headboard 🛏️
more denim, light and med Damascus, less contrast, get the contours but not so much distraction so it can be used on a motorized height stand/sit desk surface, and 7/8 round looks good here! please screw or glue a push stick onto those small parts going into the router table, and maybe a few more wood working noises?
Denim!  Awesome work!
Denim  I like it because it’s unique.
Denim! You may be staring a whole new furniture craze!
Denim, Def Denim I actually dig the psychedelic look
Denim ❤️
Denim,   Cam stick with the wood and epoxy tables please - of course I'm a woodworker.  Far to fake and crazy of a look.  Your table base seems too light of construction for the mass of the top.
Denim. I love this. What a strange thing to do but I’m here for it. I can’t wait to see more crazy denim finishes
Venom, go psicodellic crazy, add more colors!!! I didnt liked the idea until i saw the video
I think its wasted as a table that sir is wall art very nice.
@blacktailstudio it might help significantly with cost/time/weight to use a piece of foam as the core, as is commonly done with boats. Love the denim content man, new and creative!
Dang, cam with the uncensored F bomb
Denim wood blend
denim but with a caveat...I like that you are trying new and original things.  So, I don't necessarily need more denim, but I love new/original things. Love the channel!
Denim!!! Very interesting use of denim and epoxy. Would love to see what your brain will come up with next.
Denim Dama Daddy
Photoshopped is another one.
Denim. Would be really cool to see some different colored denim in there maybe. Or even some black mixed in with the one you just did. It would really make the light and dark blue color pop.
Denim. Big fan of your Blue Jean period. Just a thought on routing the small round pieces, would it been possible bring the router to the pieces instead of you bringing the piece to the router.  I think attaching a temporary stand off to the bottom of the piece (gives you some clearance from the router bit from hitting your work surface) and then double side tape the attached stand off and round pieces to your table would give you a less clutching operation.  Anyway, great job!
Awesome concept, this is so cool!! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 I wanna see more denim tables! What about Greens or Reds? Just a thought..😊
My brain itches at "hot water heater" ... if the water is hot why are you heating it?  But I still SAY hot water heater.
More denim
Denim
I'm still not clear on what a onesie is.
hell yeah denim! i used to watch cam to fall asleep and now it’s gotten so interesting i just watch it 😂
Denim!  I thought I’d hate this project based on the title, but you really pulled it off.  Very nicely done and something that I’m sure will sell quickly.
Denim!  Really enjoy your sense of wacky humor.  And yes, those people that criticize such things should be voted OFF the island.  Sounds like you just lost a potential sponsor in Ikea.  LOL!
Do another using 4 or 5 brown tones to look like Damascus wood. Think about it.
Personally, I think the model of the base is good but a darker wood would look a bit better I think
I assume you've done a sweet plaid/epoxy table?
Commenting on 4:22 - I have nothing to do with woodworking - I’m a programmer, triathlete and musician. The only thing I have to do with woodworking is I have two saws and cut pieces of wood very badly and sometimes at an angle and screw them together and I’m fine with it. Your channel is pure entertainment and it’s perfect. Thanks
because of how these plywood pieces are shaped, this table would be a spectacular dig for an archaeologist
Everything is rounded over these days.  I prefer sharp and deadly.
Denim. This might be my favorite of yours, oddly.  Guess it's just my thing.
Denim for sure!!!! I lost it at "Weird, Botched Breast Augmentation"
denim
Denim all the way!
No denim, love your work…wood is my thing.
Still Denim - I said it when I saw your first denim table. I remember when you ran it through the drum sander and the was that pattern, I was hoping you would do something with that and now you did. I love this one as well. Keep going with every crazy idea, they look awesome.
Denim. This isn’t Damascus. It’s micarta
On the contrary i think the next project could use more walleyed boob jobs on it.
Denim.  I'd have to give it some serious thought but I think there is something to controlling the pattern that could make for some interesting overall effects.
No Denim, Don't get me wrong I love the look of the finished product, it's pretty awesome (though personally I would have liked a slightly darker base on this (I'm a fan of linseed oil on pale woods, just can't help it), but the actual wood slabs are just more interesting to watch you work with. There's something really relaxing and satisfying about the cleanup and shaping of the wood that just doesn't translate to denim it seems. Then again I'm just one random person on the internet and it's not like I'm gonna stop watching even if you started to only do denim table videos.
it would cost me 400 dollars just to get to the nearest ikea and back...
Denim. I do think the roundover is a bit too big, but at is subjective.
i love that you are enjoying that plainer. what a awesome tool
He just bashed IKEA partway through his video😂, love the videos, the table turned out great, much love, keep on making beautiful and amazing videos and masterpieces.
Denim row boat or canoe
not even 5 mins passed and your are absolutely savage lmao
Denim is unnatural and yet you make it look natural.  Can we add Kleenex to your list?  It might’ve been on there, but it went by so quickly. For some reason I cannot tolerate people who call it tissues.
Denim for sure. I'm no expert, but I think the fuzzy denim is because; even though its "infused" with epoxy, on a microscopic level, the denim is still "surrounded" by epoxy. Imagine a bunch of caramel apples going through a planer, side to side they will still have the caramel holding them, but the top surface will be mostly apples. If you were a giant feeling those apples, you'd never feel the caramel.
more denim  this one looks awesome
That rant was miraculous! 😂
Denim and definitely do more! Love it!
I love the project and think you are way too hard on yourself! 🤣
Denim, I want to take your idea and change it slightly. can i?
Denim
Don't get so worked up by dumbass comments! Shrug it off. You are entertaining. I watch to be inspired and live vicariously. Laugh at the Karen's And Kevin's of the world! Love your stuff and appreciate your creativity.
20:56 im not a denim or epoxy expert, but im assuming that the epoxy is coating the cotton fibers, and as the epoxy is more brittle than the denim, the epoxy breaks free pulling the loose strands away with it. the reason it might feel soft is because the fibers are free standing fuzz like lint glued to the block. you could try to "shave"' it, like with a very close shave razor, or run some sort of blade like that.
Denim: Reach out to that guy makes denim sunglasses
Denim. That looks freaking awesome!!! Still think the blue would pop more or maybe better on a dark walnut base. I'm also biased because I love finished walnut maybe a bit to much lol :)
Denim!  More denim!
This table is beautiful! Have you considered a round table with concentric circles?
Denim. Man if i had the money i would buy it. its lovely!
Denim! I'm think language doesn't really belong to anyone and it's always transforming with the people who use it. If the crowd gets what you mean when you say something, then that's what it means. I think it's cool to hear about the original meaning of some words, but only if it's told as a fun fact and not a snarky remark.   Looking forward to the next vid!
Denim Just had thought that this would also be cool if it looks like a dinosaur fossil
Denim Maybe the 2nd comment ever? You being you and trying things you think may fail is the reason I watch. This is a big success but I'd love to see some fails. Wins don't feel as good without the fails.
[no denim] What can I say? I like wood grain.
Denim. This is a gorgeous table! Please do more denim inspired stuff.
How about a corduroy / denim end table?
Denim. Very unique table
Denim seems to be your new found friend Cam. I think it turned out great and like the idea of building the top to the base. The perfect fit is 👌
Denim. I really like the Damascus look. Great job.
List from 2:40  Jet ski Bubble wrap Onesie Jacuzzi Fluffernutter Crock-pot Seeing eye dog Breathalyzer Zamboni Chapstick  Kleenex Aspirin Hovercraft Ping pong Popsicle Q-tips Roller blades Scotch tape  Damascus Sharpie Laundromat Escalator Realtor Tupperware Zipper Velcro Weedeater Wite-out Band-aid Yo-yo Taser  X-acto knife Dumpster Novacain  Xerox Post-its Oiuja board Plexiglass Styrofoam Formica Frisbee Hula hoop Slip’n’slide Windbreaker Dry ice Stetson Trampoline Powerpoint GED Google Thermos
Denim, I would love one for my office computer desk! Great job Cam and give Scott a pat on the head for another excellent video production.
Ship that to Canada 🇨🇦
Denom, to discuss your earlier question. The epoxy is absorbed into the weave of the material, but not necessarily into the fibers. If you over machine/sand you end up exposing the fibers and have to do a brush coat of epoxy to seal the material.
Denim
Damascus, you mean Micarta!
Denin
Damascus is also a city in the Middle East. When Saul was on the road to Damascus, he was converted to Christianity, and changed his name to Paul.
Denim.  Very cool Damascus table.
I think this denim project turned out amazing and is a huge proof of concept on many levels. It seems like there is essentially unlimited potential for patterns and variability with this material. The  base was also spot on! very cool... Can't wait to see more.
Denim. For the little pieces on the router table, make yourself a handle, something like the things from air hockey and use the tape and CA trick that Crimson Guitars uses where he adds a piece of masking tape on both pieces then CA glue them together. That should allow you to do smaller items while keeping your phalanges safe. We like you having all your phalanges.
Denim! This is hands down one of the coolest furniture pieces I've ever seen. I vote the next one is made out of JNCO jeans.
Jeanius!
17k for denim and you can't even wear it 😏
My guess on the fizzy thing is that the epoxy doesnt truely soak into the core of the fibers. So when you cut it your getting the fuzzy core. Denim soaks up watter to its core but id be suprised if the denim did without being submerged for a long time
You should try linen
Denim. Honestly curious what you come up with next.
With projects like this I would highly suggest keeping epoxy as the finish but just sand it from 800-10k grit similar to polishing a car.
Denim. Definitely want to see the version without the seal coat of epoxy.
Do another one and put emphasis on the feel of the denim.
Nice micarta table top.
Possible unpopular opinion:  I very much appreciate your ability to use sporatic profanites.  Keep it real, always....
Denim…love it. I liked the augmented breast… great Easter egg. Charge extra cause “I meant to do that!” Lol
I suspect the fuzzy feel is due to the epoxy being between the fibers but there is still the fibers themselves...so you may be feeling the fibers themselves and since they are a different hardness than the epoxy when you sand and cut it, the cut/sanded epoxy surface is a different height than the fiber ends, which could cause the effect.  In any case regardless if my idea is right/wrong/so far off base as to be funny, the video was cool, and this gives it a comment to make the algorithm happy. :)
Great looking denim!! Big Fan!
I knew this would be sa fun watch but i didn't expect the table to look that cool! Really well done
Denim tables are some of the coolest things I've ever seen, and I yearn for one
You should used double sided gorilla tape to seal the bottom layer plastic with the top layer plastic.  I think this is what I am seeing with the yellow tape,  but I am not sure.
Denim
Denim
DENIM! EPIC!
Denim. I think using 4 or more shades of colors in layers would look good too.darker to lighter  than to lighter to darker .
DENIM
Denim, I wonder if you could combine denim, black walnut, and epoxy?   Like a walnut slab with black epoxy to fill the voids and denim patches. Maybe some copper inlay?
Demin that !
Denim but black
denim for sure. And as stated before I love your smugness and smartassness.
Denim, but you're missing a couple of tools for the job. Quilters and fabric artists save our wrists by using a rotary cutter instead of scissors when dealing with bolts of fabric. Also, investing in a large quilting ruler wouldn't hurt.
Denim Chicken!!!
Denim, I have nothing to say really, but I appreciate your content, and wish to help with the yt-algorithms.
denim: Great video!
Denim!!!! Very cool 😎
This looks so cool! I love it.
Denim, I’d like to see you do a denim bow tie inlay. No idea if it would look good. You’d certainly be the first to attempt it.
Denim. I'm pumped to see what other fabrics and patterns you can have fun with!
Denim---all the way!!  I hate you, Cam! Ok, just kidding; I'm just extremely envious, as I am lightyears behind your expertise (and quite broke right now, which doesn't help). You are making phenomenal projects! "Africa" looked a little off, but nothing I'd ever worry about. The "breast augmentation," on the other hand, could use some areola adjustments😜. And the comment you showed at the end complaining about genital mutilation? I think you left him (her?) with a great tip!  Keep it up!
Do you still have the rubber plug in the top of your vacuum chamber gauge?. Should be removed to reset to your environment to show your true vacuum reading.
Sorry Cam, I slowed dow the video to 0.25 so I could watch the list and I was PMSL because you sounded like you were high as a kite 😂 Ps I LOVE this table ❤
Definitely one of the YouTube denim channels of all time
Denim… is great! Looking forward to when you get to velvet or velour. That shiny and matte effect would look pretty cool if it stayed in the epoxy
Nice table the denim looks greatt but i think that the base wasnt up to par  Ps: Maybe some bow tie or inserts of damascus denim( maybe in other colors) looks well in some future table
Denim. The Blue Steel look at the end was on point. Next you’ll be opening a Center For Kids Who Can’t Read Good.
Denim. My hypothesis for why it feels fuzzy after planing it is that the blades or whatever is used to cut it is causing the ends of the covers that got cut to raise up a little, thus causing that fuzzy feeling.
Denim... it really turned out well.
Is this denim fiber, in the same way of carbon fiber? What if you weave the denim in thin strips like carbon fiber? It will probably be miserable to make, but not if only the top layer is weaved. Maybe i got another project for you to fuel yohr denim hoarding habits 🤣
If dealing with the haters was an olympic sport, Cam would have more gold medals than that swimmer dude guy who no one really cares about
Been watching your videos from the start, and well... 2min into this one, wishing bad things onto people that disagree with you? You've lost all humility man... honestly sad. Unfortunate you turned into a prick. Last video for me!
Denim, denim, denim. Wish I could spare $17k, it would look great in my house...keep up the awesome work. This is definitely my favorite (and the world's greatest) denim epoxy table YouTube channel!
Denim👍 Turned out awesome! Try  it with carbon fiber?!?
Denim!  Also, I have to be "that guy..."  That's not Damascus...That's...Dam-AWESOME!!!  ;)  Now I just need one of these in round format, about 38"-42", in black and gray denim, with a black cylindrical slat base for a kitchen table...
Denim ftw!  :)
Denim, just because I love seeing you get creative.
Denim!!!
Denim, It looks very nice. Just to be a dick i will say there were a few spots that seemed to dark.
denim we love it
30:30 Hello, Agent 47. Your mission...
Cam, that is amazing! Your mind, creativity, skill, and craftsmanship are otherworldly…. It’s not my style, and not for me personally, but I can’t help but compliment and admire the outside the box thinking you do. Keep up the amazing work you do, and keep inspiring others!
More of this denim project!
I like the denim. It turned out really cool. It does sound like negative comments are starting to irritate you. I’m sorry about that because I really look forward to your videos and love your creativity. Try not to let them get you down.
Stars help me........ If I had access to your tools....
Denim. I am really jealous, that is one of the sharpest tables ever.😮
Denim. In my opinion one of the coolest tables I've seen. Maybe should have went with a dark and medium combo instead of the dark and light combo tho.
Denim, and you're a very skilled wood worker, don't sell yourself short.
20:55 The actual reason it becomes "fuzzy" is because when you cut it, you're creating "micro fractures" in the resin, meaning the resin is snapping off, becoming friable around the cut parts, and since like rebar and concrete, the rebar is what "holds it together", you're left with loose resin which goes away, leaving the fiber there, thus it became fuzzy since there's no more resin (until you add some more over it to cover it back up). We see the exact same thing with the fiberglass boats we build (Lagoon 51, 55, 60, 77, 78 google them if you want) when we cut into the hull, there are always some fibers that become "loose" because the resin around them "eroded away" during the cut.
2:10 Well,  I used to come here to enjoy watching you make things. Not fond of being told no one likes me or that you and everyone else hope something bad will happen to me.  Stepped over the line Cam. Unsub
Very creative Can!! I l like the table and I think it’s awesome just not my taste.  Thanks for your creation vids!!!
ITS pretty awesome keep up the good work
Denim denim denim denim denim
Do something in burled zebrawood. In blue
Fucking hell I'd about kill for a table that gorgeous
No denim, cool but no thanks. Rather see you build more things like a Murphy bed cabinet or something that’s not a table
Inlay slab with denim, instead of river table, use denim. Yes more denim or Corduroy
So what is the difference between true damascus and pattern-welded steel?
Brotha inagree you arena true artist in all aspects! Jacuzzi should not be in your list lol
Denim! I really like how you got the layers to show in this one! But I agree with Scott regarding the rounded edge :P
Denim. Oh shit, Cam called white oak "boring." Nick Offerman is going to fuck him up!
Denim, unbelievable Cam!!! I absolutely am blown away with how your mind works. I think at this point you can sand a twig and I’d probably buy it for $1,500 😅
Denim.   I like the denim series. The darker legs and brass accents, like the first one you showed us, is my personal preference. Would be a nice look in sailboat galley or as a chart table. That would be pretty custom dimension wise though. Beautiful work!
DENIM That is friggin awesome!!
Hey there, Cam... Greetings to you from the Missouri Ozarks. I watched your "Damascus" Denim Epoxy Table project with great interest and pleasure... and it was "edumecational" as well as entertaining. You did not disappoint! Keep up the great work. My goal is to eventually join you on the platform of YouTube with my own flavored channel.   P.S. I'm also one of your tardy YouTube students.
Denim pretty please.
That's wild af
Scott: Watch CEE and follow Karen's lead. I think you would up the viewership 50-75% you're so close already....
2:40 iconic! 😂
Denim  love the Damascus look
Denim! Beautiful table!
DENIM,  In my opinion you went to big on the round over but that is just my opinion. Everyone has their own preference and opinion.
Denim denim denim, is Mario's favorite fabric.
Thanks for being willing to push the boundaries on orthodox woodwork. I always appreciate your vids for that reason among many others
Denim by all means. I'm actually from Damascus and we have a ballot measure in place to change the name of our city to Pattern Weldington. I urge you to vote in favor of this measure. It will save us much public embarrassment on YouTube.  P.S. That table came out pretty freaking cool.
Denim, I always enjoy the entertainment value your video's provide.  I do think you are much more than a mediocre Woodworker and Good on you for treating Troll commenters exactly like they should be.
Denim. More denim in different colors than just blue. Gray Damascus denim table…
lol, love it
Denim!!
***DENIM***  Hello from Canada... I really liked this video, I was wondering if instead of putting random peices of wood under the denim you were to put a CNC carved geometric pattern under the whole of the table. If you Google 'CNC plywood pattern'' you should find something that fits what I'm refering to. Thanks for everything, you inspire me.
Denim. What a beautiful table
denim looks awesome. I think it would have looked better if you used all 3 shades of blue or even more.
Denim!
Cam used to say he had the single largest woodworking channel on all of YouTube. He still does but he used to too.
Thank you for calling out the people who are not fun at parties
Denim, definitely different but I like it.
Denim. Pedantic Correctors Anonymous.
Denim.  I’m a fan. 🎉
Denim. Love it.
Denim. More denim.
Have you ever heard of anyone using a faux fur to make a similar product?
Denim Damascus! Hannibal vibes at the end there
You can tell it’s Damascus cuz of the way it is.
Denim, I don't mind the design of this table. I simply wish the spots where you brushed further into the denim you had left alone.
I am such a fan that i almost moved to Oregon...  You lost me at Demascus and Denim though.
I don't comment on videos much, but I HAD to leave one here to say I LOVE your sense of humor. You really make me laugh with your jokes! 😀
Denim, keep exploring. I agree that this medium has a lot of potential but I don’t think you’re quite there yet. One of the problems with wood is if you want to make something that isn’t wood shaped you have to use joinery or lamination. But with denim you might be able to make “continuous grain” in ANY 3 dimensional shape. Think outside the table. I believe in you Cam! Also how did your ice week go. Corvallis was a total ice skating rink.
Denim for the win.  I believe you will become accomplished denimworker soon enough but until than keep trying and never give up.  Btw. rounded corners look great but I personally would never want to use a table with such an aggressive cut so it would be nice if you considered usability next time.
Deniem was awesome. Good video. Love the table. The oak looks brilliant. You have good taste
Looks great. And the fashion industry waste issue could get some help with this idea. Nicely done
That the first f bomb ever?
I am also a denim expert having never done anything with it at all. So definitely listen to my wisdom.  I think it gets fuzzy because the planer/saw/sander, etc cannot cut perfectly clean to the point that the fibers don't slightly separate from each other. They are still full of epoxy, but the fiber isn't "joined" except by the weave and epoxy. The blades also produce a slight bit of heat which might help the separation, but I think that is probably minor. I think if you got several off cuts of your tables and tested cutting it with a box knife or something very sharp that isn't going to pull on the fibers that you might see less of the fuzzing. Of course the blade wouldn't get very far before dulling.  Also, excellent idea with the layer of denim on the bottom. Beautiful.
19:35 " What the FUCK did you make now!?" LMFAO 😂😂😂
OK, I lost it when you commented about the screws. Tell us how you really feel. 😂
This is gorgeous.
"Sorry gotta call this shit out @Blacktail Studio" I guarantee you did not just 'come across the vacuum bagging solution on your own...that's pretty much an industry standard, LOL.  EVERYONE does that.  ANYONE who works at a prepreg composite facility, be it fiberglass, carbonfiber, it doesn't matter.  If you are vacuum bagging and doing injection molds...that's how it is done.  Period.  Nothing new.  YOU have NOT 'DISCOVERED' something' making that clear for EVERYONE here.  You are bascially doing 20-30 yr old research of composite aeropsace research/R&D, just FYI.
Denim.            At this point you gotta make a Damascus knife out of denim  on a more serious note you should make a table with a wood top and denim base
Lol. "Nobody likes you and we all hope that bad things happen to you." - Seconded!
Denim, Cam, that turned out sweet!
"nobody likes you and we all hope that bad things happen to you" that's pretty brutal
I missed your videos man
Cam said THE F WORD 😮 LANGUAGE we do have children that watch this with us...
Denim! I think it looks great, and weird, but it is definitely unique. I'd love to see what else you can do with denim, and/or other fabric and materials. Maybe do something with silk or burlap and epoxy next?
Denim!!
It is definitely a conversation piece. The colors turned out amazing. The "weird botched breast augmentation" looks like cookie moster peeking over the edge to me 😂
Only half way through and had to pause to catch my breath from laughing. Also, is the first F-bomb in one of your videos? Don't remember hearing one before, but this was well deserved, those screws from Ikea are really fucking annoying.
Denim… and wood
Denim please. What is it about those finished wood pieces that reminds me of Fred Flintstone. Dinosaur bones maybe? lol, Well Any who this looks very interesting. Very pretty with the brush on epoxy finish.
Denim, this has gotta be one of the coolest tables i've seen. I was sceptical on the denim in the previous video but this has completely changed my mind
Denim...  Wow!
Glad Im not the only one hording Denim along with wood lol. I Made a set of surfboard fins out of two colors of denim a while ago and got the same fuzz as you mention. I think the Denim goes fuzzy because when your sanding/cutting it with aggressive tools its not cutting the fibre strands cleanly. I've had the same issue with other fabrics and epoxy. I did find as you sand into the finer grits it will go smooth again. On my surfboard fins they were really smooth once I got to around 400. I did end up giving them a quick clear coat to make sure they were fully sealed as they were going to be submerged in water. Really cool to see the denim micarta on a larger scale.
oh definitely denim.  looks awesome
Denim. Maybe you're an above average woodworker, but you're definitely one of the world's top denimworkers.
Do kore denim!!! Also it may be fuzzy because the cotton may not be infused completely .... think of it being like s medium rare stake but you want well done( I eat steak rare or med rare... anything else  tastes horrible)
Not denim. Cam, it’s great but it’s not wood and it doesn’t have the beauty of walnut or the other beautiful hardwoods that you have used previously. Also I agree about the “psychedelic look”. The colors are fascinating! Budd G. San Diego
Denim made this so cool. Since you were talking about the strength this table has, it got me thinking if it would be possible to do something like this table with carbon fiber instead of denim? might be another cool unique look! super awesome video!
First denim table that actually looks good 👍
DENIM - This might be my favorite yet. Absolutely stunning!
great idea, but try carbon next time
Denim Damascus. I wonder if the wood blocks weren’t flat on top of the “grain” would look better?
No denim, but I'd definitely like to see what other materials you can make work this well. The pattern looks more like topographical G10 or paper micarta than damascus, but the fiber weave reminds me of carbon fiber. Very interesting.
30:26 Agent 47, is that you????
19:37 "what the fuck did you build now?" I understand this question as I get it a lot myself 😂😂😂
Denim
Denim. Scott was right IMHO. That extra 1/8” made a big difference. I would have expected it to be the 1” by the results. I kind of liked the hard corners too. Might not last as long with the wax finish though.
I didn’t except to like a Damascus “Jable”? But damn it did look nice
Great video!  I love how that turned out!  Definitely more denim Damascus for sure.  I wonder if there is a red denim?  Super high gloss with a stained black base would be cool.
Denim honestly looks pretty cool. Would love to see more crazy projects with it.
It turned out fantastic
No denim.  But I’ll keep watching either way.
Denim. I Love the guy in the background at cww. WTF did you make now!!😂😂😂
Denim.  I agree that the top pairs really well with that base and I think they compliment each other.  Jeans are simple, that wood and finish are simple, but the devil is in the details, and your workmanship truly shines through with this project.  Amazing job, I can't wait for the next one.
Denim. Honestly, everything you’ve done is just cool.
...So what you're saying is, I need to get some N3 Nano for my jeans.
Denim and Damascus.  Beautiful pattern!  I don't think I've ever seriously considered five digits for a table would be worthwhile until I started watching your channel.
Before watching I couldn't imagine being interested in a table made from denim, but it is fun and beautiful. So denim or no denim, I don't really care, but keep up the entertaining and interesting builds!
Dude this is so badass!!! Keep ‘em comin buddy👍🏻
turban engine
Another awesome build, Cam! I'd love to see you do a reverse table with a wooden top and epoxy legs.
I feel like there's a real opportunity to create a "LIGO" 90° that no one can bitch about
Denim. And omg I just remembered that my mum got us three kids a beanbag each in the early 80’s, two were corduroy and one was soft denim. Now I kinda wanna see the chaos of you working with bean bag beans and material 😂😂😂
I think 5/8-3/4 would have been better.
Denim for sure
Denim all the damn way. Also, other fabric. I wonder what corduroy might be like?
24:13 was that an open ended spanner with ratchet too ?? Lets see that as a 60 second short ...please!!
Denim - I wanna see more of these projects
#denim - I love your work. I love the tongue in cheek comments but I don't love the swearing. it's like youtubers across the board are dropping an F bomb here or there just to gauge the reaction from viewers. Most times when I comment, it's other viewers that tell me to get over it. Which is a shame, because I would often show your content to my highschool shop students. Sometimes it's wonderful to have running in the back of a quiet activity. But where there is swearing present or where I have to watch every video first.. means I just won't go there any more.. Which is a shame.  edit: table looks insane. in a good way.
Diem! Add some bandanas
Okay, I'll be one of those guys that corrects things. And to my eyes that looks a lot more like a top view of a contour map rather than a Damascus. LOL
denim! But non-traditional colors. . .
Denim, and that's a beautiful table - the "botched breast augmentation" looks more like googly eyes - and I wish I had the budget to bid on in (or a decent place to put it). The simple white oak frame, and the lightness of it really helps with the blue of the denim - and gives it the modern European vibe that Ikea styling has.  I wonder what a big, all purpose "kitchen" table that's everything in the heart of a family home - dinner, prep, crafts, work - could be like made in denim like that. If I win the lottery this weekend, we'll find out because I'll call you with the commission!
Denim , also idk if you take an ideas but I think a pool table build would be an awesome video.
Denim - A guitar body done in denim lay up like that would be cool.
21:30 who has more subscribers than you Cam, honestly.  You’ve got the best woodworking and epoxy content around 🔥
denim
Well technically your not using real denim modern denim is a cotton twill fabric woven with yarn originally real denim in the 1700 hundreds was made and woven with silk so more specifically your using  synthetic denim to build a layered synthetic denim table! Get your sh** together man! Lol jk love your content your awesome.
Denim
Denim. Absolutely entertained! And yes, we ALL dislike those people. All except those who are those people. They unequivocally suck.
I love this so much. While I appreciated the denim desk, it didn’t suit my personal tastes. This however I *love* and would happily have in my home.
More Denim!!! Absolutely love your videos.
This is so beautiful I would absolutely put this in my house .
Denim is sooooo nice, I really like  the way this turned out. Where do Fuzzy’s come from….cotton! Great work Cam ❤❤
Holy shit. 17000 dollars. This guy really is the best at what he does on YouTube.
my opinion is that you should build a turtle out of that denim. How you may ask? Well that is now your question to answer.
Denim. I LIKE your projects and I LIKE your video style and I LOVE your attitude towards the trolls.
21:30 2.5 million subscribers has Bragging Rights whatever the content subject!
Hi there! I work in the carbon composite aerospace world. We use that yellow putty tape by the barrel. We call it Pucky. No idea if that's the real name.
Denim. I'd love to see a long straight tree branch wrapped in denim to produce a faux tree trunk then milling it to see if the rings produce a realistic woodgrain pattern.
We like denims
Love the 60's psychedelic denim look!!!
Denim: I think larger "islands" would look better. The smaller ones give it more of that psychedelic look you don't love. Also more blobs and less sticks.
No denim.  However i will support any content my favorite Tusk Restoration Channel produces.   Keep up the good work!
Denim.. I like it. Has a very interesting look to it. I like the way it turned out. Awesome.
25:28 - What’s wrong with sounding like a turbine engine?  Granted it’s not a Pratt & Whitney R-2800 Double Wasp but a turbine sounds cool.  Need stuff.
How do you like the levrack shelves?
You said pretty 25.  You said "pretty freaking" 3 times.  What does pretty mean?  I don't  understand?
It is NOT OK to be an idiot. What the "Expert" guy thought was Damascus, and not pattern welded steel... IS ACTUALLY CALLED WOOTZ. it is created with vanadium crystallization in high purity iron-carbon... and thermal cycling NATURALLY! (if you quench the crucible while making the steel, you are wrong. stop. I know you do it, but you are wrong, and thats why you are a failure)(you only quench the final product... after the natural pattern has been formed through the cycles)  NOW! If you make Wootz... and THEN FOLD/PATTERN WELD! you are a fk'n monster... disgusting!... and probably walk on all 4 limbs, you dirty creature.  Also.... how TF is a carpenter supposed to know the history of steel production???... all the way back to Damascus and their source to create Wootz steel (the source being a mine in Jordan with naturally occurring vanadium along with the raw iron.) and then further back to India? India being the original source of the steel that was duplicated thanks to the mine in Jordan.
I have no clue why it gets fuzzy but my guess is you’re tearing the fibers and they’re sticking above the epoxy.
Denim!! I like it.  Id love the top for my office desk
Why am I here? To learn that there is such a thing as a fluffernutter of course.
👍
Denim-Love the colors!
Who plays soft ball?  Lame.
Demin you were feeling kinda zesty when you did this voice over, weren't you? 😝Love it.
more pattern glued fabric!
"All champaign is french as its named after the region, otherwise it's known as sparkling white wine"
Denim. I’m surprised how much I love this, of course purple dyed denim would be perfect!
There’s also “Indian Wood Steel” that many think is the original “Damascus” steel. Indian metal working is like something out of Tolkien, there’s apparently a cast iron pillar in Goa that’s very old, but has a strange resistance to rust.
denim
Denim! That's beautiful!
This looks AWESOME!!!!!   Looks like fun to try.
Thank you for your effort. Great video!
More denim... get weird, dude. can you add "Super-Glue" to the list of thing for people to stop correcting me on?
Not to the end yet, so I haven't seen the result, but I'm questioning using wood to create the Damascus layers. I think you could have achieved this by sticking to the tradition of Damascus and layering the jeans to get the effect rather than "forcing" it. Love your stuff, can't wait to see how wrong I am. 😜
Okay, so I'm safe telling everyone that the ground at the airport is not called "tarmac", "begging the question" and raising a question are not the same thing and Qatar is not pronounced "cutter"?
17G god dam,
You could do such cool stuff with this and I'm excited to see more of it. Like, you could make those wood pieces in a deliberate pattern and end up with awesome-looking diamonds or something.
Denim. This is incredible. Just wow. Would have made a killing in the 70s with this! Honestly would love to see you do another but with dyed denim, or black and grey denim.
Denim, definitely do more denim. Maybe try different color denim of you have them available to you or you could dye them if that’ll work
def more denim!
13:41 the F bomb got me for some reason.
Hey Cam, technically, this is ACTUALLY pattern-welded denim. A mistake anyone can make. Also I made this comment before watching the full video for any context whatsoever, because that's how YouTube learns best from me. (sarcasm alert)
DENIM…. Definitely! Love it
The top of the table looks absolutely gorgeous, but the legs don't match with that style at all. Not that the piece is ruined, but it could be so much more.
Denim, more denim. Other-colored denim. Please.
this is so cool
Denim is cool.
I love it, I would like to try to build one myself. Your videos are always informative and entertaining, don't listen to those people. Keep being you man, you're awesome.
For anyone feeling compelled to correct him in the comments, the following is for you: If you ever met yourself, you would hate it. 😳  This table is insanely COOL!  Exquisite job yet again.   Additionally, I loved your list of things that never need to be corrected again. That was hilarious. 🤣👍🏼
Denim. Maybe even a second channel? Why do I think this top would look awesome with a simplified shou sugi ban base?
Denim! Loved the first denim project! The pattern on this one is very loud; it makes me dizzy to look at it, but it still looks cool. I would be interested in seeing it with all 3 colors and maybe a softer pattern. :)
I think doing a denim and slab table could be cool. It also looks like a crazy topographical map lol
Demin, but more. Demin can't be the only worthwhile fabric you can jam full of epoxy to get cool looks.   All denim next time? The base and all?
😍
Denim. Thankyou for your videos. I look forward to seeing new ones. Watching them eases my mind and gives me the confidence to do some of my own fine woodworking.
This looks unreal! Love It!
This is sick
wowowowow. Thats really amazing. I think next time if you reduce it to 4-5 blocks of wood, it would be perfect. Still darn close to perfect as is.
More denim.
Denim I think you're onto something there, who knows what can be made with different insert patterns, colors, type of denim. I like it.  Process much cleaner this time.
wow cant belive this is the biggest wood working channel on youtube awsome table
Denim… as it turns out produces a fantastic look. I love this particular table. The ‘not quite perfect’ finish gives a slight industrial vibe which compliments denim perfectly given its origins.
Wow! That's amazing! You have the best ideas. Looks like a topo map, LOL!
Denim! Nuff said!
Denim! Hey Cam, can you show/explain how you transition from finishing to top of a table to the bottom? When is it safe to flip over and rest on the top that you just finished without causing marks? And how do you blend the top/bottom finish with it being applied at different times? Thanks for keepin in real.
17000 for a desk is crazy
It looks like it would work better as a desk than a table, but I like the patter of the denim.
Denim. Do another one please
Idk. People saying "relator" instead of "realtor" is cringe. Me pointing it out is also cringe, but saying it is a bit cringier.
Denim, could you vacuum form onto a table base? Like the "Viewer Challenge" table?
Just and idea but you could cutt the fabric into strips and plat the like a rope and just sort of tagle/weave them together into the table top the twhen you planed it down you could get a look like twisted steal Damascus
denim, denim, denim.
Denim.  Fun to see something new from the world leader in denim tables.
13:42 the shared pain is real
Community note- Irregardless is not a word. Just say regardless
no denim  I am old and really like all your wood projects.
Denim, Yes. More denim projects. These are amazing!
Denim. You want some red oak slabs?
Absolutely beautiful. In my opinion   this might be your best project yet .even though all your projects are well thought out  and turn out amazing . Thanks for the time and effort
Denim for sure  Love it, it’s got me thinking of making a denim guitar now
Denim! That table is amazing! I absolutely love it. I would love to see more of it.
Hell yeah! Another denim video has my attention. One of my favorite BTS videos is your last denim video.
The Fuzz you are seeing is most likely uncut fiber it's pretty common to see in composite machining. You would probably be able to see it with a relatively low power microscope if that's the case.
No Denim Ehhh, it is something, a change I guess.
Denim. In a strange way I'm actually drawn to this. Thanks for the tape glue up trick. That alone justified the time spent staring at my phone lol 😂
I just put together one of those manufactured ikea style pieces of furniture for my mother, when you said “ those annoying fucking little screws” I felt it in my soul.
"what the fuck did you make now?" I feel the same way🤣🤣 great work!
DENIM- MOAR!  You fooled Google and A.I. with your question about finishing the table, which is funny. 👖
At one point it kind of looked like a face, and now I'm wondering what if the wood pieces used to change the layers were laid out in a pattern to try to make a face or something else like that? Seems like that would look awesome as well. Looks amazing!
I think the reason it's getting fuzzy is because your exposing the fibers just like if you wear through fiberglass
demin!  Nice work
denim, this table almost makes me wish i lived in the States so I could buy it!
Soo ... when you ask people out here for a bit of comment and advice about something its ok if they answer you,  ... but if someone volunteers something that they know about its not ok and they get abused in a video publicly? ... what ... is it your control issues festering?   Maybe 'nobody likes me' and everyone hopes 'bad things will happen' to me.  But you know ... sometimes people type in your comment section and it has nothing to do with you, its called a public forum, maybe its nicer to just let people do what people are going to do, unless they break real rules of comment decency.  Its not always about you.  Nice table tho.
Have you ever considered doing carbon fiber since you love epoxy/black/modern/hella expensive
No denim, I really liked this table project but I'd prefer the wood, I'm not taking anything away from this denim table though as I think is stunning.
I understand why you put the sheet of denim on the bottom to clean up the look, but I think it would have looked cool with the wood showing on the bottom.
Denim… I want to see more of this. Thanks!
No Denim… it’s played.   BUT, you should collaborate with the creator at Burls Art.  He’s doing some amazing stuff with epoxy.    Okay, I suspect you don’t work well with others… i can relate, but at least have a conversation with him.  @burlsart
No Denim "no body likes you and we hope bad things happen to you" are you serious?
Denim. I love the concept, I think a repetitive pattern would be more Damascus like. Do it...
What is Mario’s favorite type of clothing?  Denim denim denim
Denim. I really like the table.
Denim. Yes please
Denim! Love this crazy table
Denim also you should try other textured fabrics like burlap or canvas with different colors that may give it a very woody look and get more interesting the closer you look
Demin! Not something I would have in my home, but it’s very cool nonetheless.
Denim. You never disappoint Cam. Love the Damascus table. I think you should definitely throw in a denim project now and then.
Dem-in some amazing tables! Keep it up man, you never let me down with your commentary and creativity.
More denim, I'm enjoying the denim it's nice those have a little bit of variety
Denim. Beautiful and love how you keep trying new things. One of my biggest takeaways…Scott seems way more than a camera and editing guy now. Is there money in the budget for a nice white matching onesie when he jumps in?
If you kept the plywood "islands" flat on top instead of rounded over tops when you inlay them I bet they would be the same color on the top instead of looking "worn". It might make it a little more cohesive then you may not get crooked boobies.
This looks like something I could buy from IKEA for $40
That hurts my teeth 21:02
More denim and multi  -colored materials and fabrics. Great frontier.
Denim should only be worn, and saturated in epoxy. Every other use is unacceptable.
I like this. I also like things made from pattered plywood or old skateboard decks. Curious what black denim would look like.
No denim
Denim! So I’m sure that before you decided to do this Damascus denim you saw a lot of damascus videos on YouTube. Did you come across any copper Damascus? I think it’s a super cool look and a lot of Youtubers are starting to do it…  Would be pretty interesting to use the same concept, and perhaps do some sort of wood veneer in between the layers of Denim and maybe perhaps, even a few thin layers of copper to make it pop.  Overall, I think this was an absolutely brilliant idea. Absolutely love the look and I’m totally looking forward to whatever you come up with next bud. Awesome job!
TO FAR, less round over. Thanks for your channel.
This was absolutely Amazing. Well Done!
Denim , just keep doing you, my wife and I love watching. Thank you Cam for sharing.
Denim you have a bad week? You dropped the f bomb and started the video by bullying the folks in the comments. I've always liked your videos, but I don't like watching that. I'm not perfect, I just yelled at the mayor in my city 2 days ago for taking all the trash cans away and making us put the trash on the side of the road. He visited my wife's restaurant, and argued with her about the issue. But I didn't use foul language or bully him. Speak your mind, but set limits for yourself.
Nothing to do with this video,  a general point of interest, we do have walnut in Colombia. Here it's  called cedro negro. Or Black cedar. I planted about 15 over ten years ago. And they do have walnuts. The wood is blacker, darker and harder, heavier. This wood is sold as Bolivian Walnut. This is a very nice tree that likes 1700 meters alt..for slabs Pino de Oreja  Would work for you.
Denim. Table looks great. Cool concept
I believe you are on to something with this Denim.
Denim, more. Sunk in epoxy? Glass smooth? Complimentary Colors ?
Front o back start to finish I think it’s amazing. Frankly the odd ball spots give it a knot in wood. Keep up the fabulous work as I love your full content videos. Thank you
Denim...  I love seeing something new and a denim table to a Damascus style is great.
More denim please and thank you.
Denim. This table is amazing. I can’t wait to see what you do with more denim. Love the channel, you really inspire me to get out into my own shop and create something.
Denim. Love the table. Excited to see you bring a ton of colored denim into the mix, black, white etc!
Denim,  i think this is one of your simplest and best designs yet.
Denim — Another great video. I can’t decide if your dry humor or woodworking skills are more impressive. Cam and associates, thanks for the video
Denim breast augmentation looks interesting. You’re right that Africa looks a little out of place on this piece. Overall it’s a really cool design and application of ideas. I think it would look a bit better if you had gone to a higher grit polish. The psychedelic look evokes a Damascus look. You nailed it.   I hope it fetches a high enough price to motivate you to continue down the Denim and Damascus rabbit holes.   More denim and experimental pieces please!
Would love to see different fabrics, like canvas or flannel.
Denim..... and such a fantastic table!!
Camera dude looks like he's dressing for the office but works in a shop😂
Denim. I now need a Damascus denim desk for my office. I wonder how well an L shape style desk would work out.
that is off its head!
It honestly shocked me for a second when you were talking about the Ikea screws😂😂😂
My honest opinion, is that this looks freaking awesome 👍 Love it 🙂
Really cool and interesting. The few rants early into the video were funny!
Beautiful table top but terrible base.
More denim. You can get wild with whites and black denim colors. Keep up the good work brother
Denim for sure, pretty damn cool.
Denim without a doubt!!!
My idea to avoid the africa continent or boob spots that sanding the pattern wood to have a non level surface may help.
Denim
"Weird boched breast augmentation" 😂😂😂😂😂😂 his jokes are always as unexpected as imaginative😂😂😂😂
Denim that table looks great and just the different little details you see every time you look at it
DENIM.. yes, you have a channel that users enjoy.  I have watched other YT wood working channels, but your channel is the only that I would order some of your work for  my home if I could afford it.  I love the denim table, I would love to see that in a full desk.  That would be soo very cool..   I know it would be a 40K desk, but it would be worth every penny of it.
Denim!  That is a cool look.
Denim!  Beautiful work!
Denim - I don't mind corrections. I was actually quite excited to learn that weed eaters are actually string trimmers. As the Bible says, only a fool despises correction. The irritation is just pride. Also, I love how the table turned out! That blue psychedelic look is beautiful! And those lil titties are fun too xD
Denim is definitely a new and innovative way to make something completely out of the box. It looks awesome and enjoyed the journey.
Denim, Make a chair to match it
More denim please.
F bomb on the ikea screws got me laughing pretty good..
Denim, you should add "gif" to your list of things that never need to be corrected or opined on again...
African denim boobies table looks great!
DENIM is the New Damascus, keep 'em coming!
Denim chair for this table!!!
Demin, That looks good!
That table looks mad trippy bro!! You gotta do more!! Maby colored denim to make a rainbow or heat signature pattern 👌
Denim! Can’t get enough of it. Absolutely love this 👖
denim also i like the story telly type videos like this one idk if that makes sense but yeah
No demin, was what i thought at the start of the video, but the end result looks pretty cool!
very very nice Cam. Denim
Denim. I think it's pretty cool. Wishing you luck on being the best denim and woodworking channel.
What do you think about making the humps irregular to make it look more like a topography map? I wouldn't have a single good idea as to how to accomplish that tho
Denim?  WAIT!  NO denim....I'm gonna have to think this one over.
Denim -  looks great Cam… you should drink some “champagne” that’s not from France. Then you can get a whole other crowd up in arms lol.
Denim-ascus looks really cool.
Denim - the truth is ... I hate the denim! But that's me. Everyone has different tastes. I still enjoy the videos, and I think exploring new processes is really interesting.
Denim. Thank you for these videos.
Denim. Turned out awesome. Wow!
Got 2 minutes in and got tired of hearing a grown man moan about someone who hurt his feelings on youtube. Unsubscribed.
I love the table. I, personally, think it would look better with a black base.
Denim.   I wonder if you make the top of the wood pieces less flat, it would take care of the weird areas you were not happy with.  Peak them more.
I hate it when you put captions on the screen saying something different then what you are saying and then cut to you working. Please put the captions with you working, not you talking.
i loved the first denim table so much, i was not at all sire i was going to like this one  Fortunately i was wrong, its stunning. being a child of the 60s i didn't find it too psychedelic at all.   Bravo, encore!
Denim, I love people exploring materials and new methods. We need more of this not less.
As someone who does bladesmithing and blacksmithing, this is pretty cool.
Denim: this is awesome. I agree it’s too busy, but you live and learn. More denim projects please!
Denim, I like what you are doing and how you experiment with modifying or customizing existing techniques, a pair of Oshkosh coveralls or other name brands or smaller clothing companies would go for big $. Do one and forward the link to company marketing managers to see what they would pay for a custom table. Just a thought.
Dam
More denim!!! This is beautiful.
Gloves + running/moving machinery = injury
New pet peeve unlocked: correcting interchangble words😂
i absolutely love the "psychedelic" woozy look on the denim
So maybe the denim table goes in the same room as the blue round table. I don't know, but what I do know is that walnut is the most beautiful wood ever! You are an awesome woodworker! Been catching up on videos I missed recently, I will always choose natural wood grains over color-stained wood. No doubt the denim is pretty cool though!
DENIM!! This was a great video from start to finish. What a great concept that turned out to be such a unique and amazing looking table in the end. I loved the narration on this one, as well as your conversations with Scott, and I can't wait to see the next one! Thank you for a very 'entertaining' watch! 😂  Also, those small pieces of wood on the router table were spiiiiicy! I kept thinking back to the injury video you put out, hoping this wasn't a part 2 we were about to see! Glad it wasn't!
Haha I was one of the forty guys correcting you about the Damascus! But you’re 100% right, shts interchangeable and no one does like me 😂
Denim. Nuff said.
Denim! This is beautiful. I think you nailed it! Would like to see a denim table with epoxy river
Denim. Looks awesome I would like to see a project with all the different colors of denim.
Denim but I very strongly disagree. Okay, some people need to chill tf out but words have meaning and you can't just change them like it doesn't matter just because it's “good enough, people understand”. You might argue that it’s the point of a word and that if it worked it's precisely doing its job, therefore, why on god's earth would one break your balls !? Well, there is a balance between healthy living language dynamism and straight ignorance and stupidity - in the sense that you’re refusing to simply learn the difference between two genuinely distinct things. Because of bullshit like that, “literally” literally means the opposite of what it literally means because people are just plain uneducated. So yeah, society still works, and this beautiful denim table is kinda damascus, and that comment guy didn’t need to be a dick about it : but it is just not damascus, it’s a fact. And I’m glad you mentioned it because I got to do some research on my own damascus and learned some interesting stuff !
Denim. It IS a bit psychedelic, but it grew on me. Being more traditional, I like your first denim table, with the leather covered legs, a bit better, but there is much to enjoy about this one too. Look forward to more denim work.
Denim. 👖Love the look of this table. Here's the list of things we never need to correct anyone on again from 2:39 for those who can't pause fast enough -   Jet ski, bubble wrap, onesie, jacuzzi, fluffernutter, crock-pot, seeing eye dog, breathalizer, zamboni, chapstick, kleenex, asprin, hovercraft, ping pong, popsicle, q-tips, roller blades, scotch tape, damascus, sharpie, laundromat, escalator, realtor, tupperware, zipper, velcro, weedeater, wite-out, band-aid, yo-yo,  taser, x-acto knife, dumpster, novacain, xerox, post-its, oija board, plexiglass, kerosene, styrofoam, formica, frisbee, hula hoop, slip'n' slide, windbreaker, dry ice, stetson, trampoline, powerpoint, GED, google, thermos.  I know most of them are genericized trademarks, but I've never heard anyone use GED for anything other than the US "General Education Development" test. I'd love it if anyone would let me know what that one's about.
denim. dude that looks SICK
Denim—this turned out so fucking cool
Denim! I love it, looks like it could go in an art studio or someone who's into some retro furnishings, lol. Raw always looks best with denim so I think you chose perfectly! Thanks for the content, even if you had me holding my breath with those round pieces! As far as the fuzz... it probably has to do with the rough and steadfast weave that makes denim denim. Sanding probably looses just enough of the fabric make it feel fuzzy. Kind of like felting wool.
I never correct people for using any of those words incorrectly... I just silently judge them. Truly, I am magnanimous.
I recognize what I am saying here in terms of workload but a whole table of end grain on the would be very pretty
Denim.   This is probably my first or second comment in the well over a decade I’ve used YouTube - I just wanted to say this is so so cool and clever. I hope in twenty years once my kids are grown and I can afford to have nice things again that you’re retired or something, but other people are copying and innovating your designs.
Selvedge denim
Beautiful piece but it had me imagining a cross between denim and any other beautiful timber of choice along with epoxy.
I wonder how burlap would work for a medium.
denim....cool
i just wish people would stop wishing "bad things" on others. not a good mind set to get comfortable with
Looks great :)
No denim but please do try other strange materials.
Denim for sure. I think the round over is perfect. I also love how psychedelic it is !!
Denim, love the look
Denim. You could also try tolex.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tolex
Thank you for sharing
for the sin of mentioning the difference between the patterned steels you must now make a table adhering to the 'true Damascus' structure or temp the whims of fate. (shouldn't be that hard, just a slab of random scraps off an actual jeans line would probably be pretty accurate to be honest.)
Love it!  I love the denim tables, epoxy tables, the oddball stuff like the staircase, i hope you never stop!
denim ...love it!!!
I don't think watching someone getting hurt is entertaining.  So stay safe.
No denim
2:39 You missed Tarmac on your list... lol
Denim. I think you nailed it. Love the look of this table.
More denim but try experimenting with other fabrics and epoxy as well.
Denim. This was amazing. Would love to see a red, white, and blue denim version for July 4th.
Denim 👍🏻👍🏻 You are a pioneer! Great looking table 😊
Its beautiful no matter what its called. It reminds me of ripples in water. You built it so you have the right to call it what you want to.
As a person who’s last name is pronounced “Denim” I approve this table! I didn’t know how I felt about it, but it turned out great! I really like it.
THIS IS SO COOL!!!
I know you said that it's "Damascus" but the process is making micarta (which also happens to be a brand name but everyone calls it that) which is typically linen in a resin. Usually it's used for knife scales. Something you didn't know 😂 Also the "fuzz" you described is the individual fibers of the fabric so they can't be soaked in the epoxy.
All D chair 😮
As to your question on why it gets "fuzzy". Cotton is a cellulose fiber; it is a molecular solid. The epoxy cannot infuse into the physical fiber. All it can do is coat it and take up the airspace in the woven material. So when it's sanded, one exposes the fiber... fuzz!
But wait! Why didn’t you use recycled denim?
Denim, looks great!  I think black Denim could look really good with a walnut base,   Or instead of an epoxy river… Denim River! Combine your live edge denim idea!
Denim, The first denim table you posted was interesting, but I didn't feel crazy about it. This one however, is truly stunning. I love it!
Denim.    I counted 52 items rather than 40....  Because I have that kind of time.
Screw those that correct you. I love your denim  Damascus mycarta table!
Denim ❤
Denim for sure
Denim
theres one guy making denim sunglasses i dont remember his name but maybe you'll find him
Denim - with a more creative base, maybe something more organic. love your videos.
The real reason that it gets fuzzy is because as it is getting cut, it will break the epoxy but not the denim. Leaving tiny little threads of raw denim on there. Fiberglass, carbon fiber, micarta etc all do this to varying degrees. If you had the sharpest planer in the world might fix the problem a bit but still wouldnt fully solve the problem
DENIM!  Damascus denim??? Such Wonders! Surely, you are a genius!
denim cuz your eyes match it
No Denim I want to see paper sheets next!   What do you mean you aren't the largest woodworking channel? The closest I could find was Four Eyes and he's at 1.1 million and Bourbon Moth who is at 1 million. You are the biggest subscriber base I've found.
20:51 this is the most satisfying part of the video. 😮❤
!!DENIM!!  Hey! thats not damascus! its Denimascus. That is an amazing looking Jable though. love the finish! Sadly i don't have that kinda money but i def want to see more of layered denim. in the previous Jable video you had this amazing wave pattern after planing it. but you removed it afterwards. I'd love to see something like that again. maybe a small round coffee Jable?
Sharp edges were nicer, more crisp and in nice contrast with those nice round/smooth sides. I always take a smidge of the sharpness to make it more user friendly and durable(as it's easier to dent a sharp edge than blunt, and the damage is more visible on it), but leave it crisp enough to show off the detail and contrast with the rest.
Denim-See, I followed directions! I will say that this one is...unique? Honestly, not my favorite, but an interesting idea and process, well worth the watch. Thanks.
Denim looks awesome in a Table Top
The "what the fuck did you make now" at 19:34 had me cackling. Same thing I was thinking
Denim.  That desk looks amazing, imagine using other denim colours, either additively or instead.
Denim, next time try black denim 🤔
I’ve never commented on anything you’ve done before, but my suggestion would be to try something similar but with various pieces of veneer. Ebony walnut maple and oak veneers stacked would look wild.
Denim - please use multiple colored denim at least once.  One of the coolest builds. I think you've got something extremely unique with this idea.
but willent a apocksy smashe it , .? ,
So cool
Cam great video maybe next time you could have walnut instead of plywood for the bottom side but use it as the top of the table.
Denim. That’s very cool. Thanks Cam.
How long until we see a denim table with some bow ties? A wood table with a denim river?
Table for Hitman. Cam is 47
Denim!
Denim.  I wonder if the nodes were first made if denim Damascus themselves.  Or what if you crumpled the denim with creases as you  layered it so it was more dense denim layer???  Very cool though.
Ignorance is bliss!  Made my daughter a covid lockdown desk.  No high end exotic materials.   Pine on pine crime! Love it.. More importantly my daughter loves it!
Denim. This is so cool. I watched every video i think and am always happy when a new one gets released. Hope you read this ;)   You could also use the knowledge of the mechanical engineers for lamination processes, there are many different processes. You can have prepreg and mats of woven carbon fiber etc. The process of laminating huge wind turbines is also interesting.
As a fan of yourself and YMH studios. this how to work with wood/denim. Is what we are looking for
30:37 denim! I think it was good! Try next time some repeatable forms. Like get a bunch of round things and place them randomly so the patter is predictable but not weird.
I love that table. Great job and you always explain yourself very well. Keep up the great work
Denim agnostic, but figured I should warn you that denim does move with the seasons!  My jeans contract every year, right around the holidays.
Denim on denim please 👍
Definitely do some more denim content. I reckon you could use the same principles you used with the Damascus denim top and make a denim table top that looks like flat sawn timber, showing the 'cathedrals' in the denim.
Denim is the superior table material.
DENIM!!  Pretty freakin awesome. I love it.
Actually I appreciate that I now know that it was pattern welded steel. It led me on a short journey to discover the difference between pattern welded steel and Damascus steel. The reason we have become a country ranked 26th in education is because people are not being corrected. Instead of taking offense for being corrected you could have accepted the correction and used it as a teaching moment.
Really amazing creativity! Congrats for your willingness to test and try new paths!!
Am I the only one that paused the list of forbidden correction words?
Maybe Denim. To be honest, I skipped denim table part 1 because I wasn't interested. I was initially disappointed seeing a new video but decided that I've loved everything else you've ever done so I'll give it a chance. I'm glad I did. I loved the tabletop.
Honestly, id love to see this again, but with different coloured denim
"live edge denim table"  I don't know how to make myself visualize it but it sounds good.
Denim projects are cool!
Denim would be great for shop counter fittings in a clothing store….not so sure about indoor tables, etc.  as it is very loud and psychedelic…..perhaps might work in a children’s playroom. Overall an interesting product but definitely at the niche end of marketability…..and the white oak base is shocking….too much contrast and looks completely unfinished compared to the busy table top. I would recommend copper metal or a copper look on timber ( just like the copper buttons on the faded blue denim classic workwear which has been venerated in cool fashion circles for generations. Unsure also about the boxy square base….I would go in a guitar shaped direction or a bucking chrome wire horse for the base or even use a stylised set of working implements or tools. For example, a hammer and sickle or a plough might be worth drawing up for suitability…..keep those ideas popping !!   Ciaő for now chrome dome, Roger Ramjet Sixbears. 💤💤
Badass
27:03 yeah i think that round edge went a bit too much but is not hateful.
For originality and creativity that is one of the best I have ever seen. Thank you for sharing!
As someone who was that "acktually" guy in the past I watched your list of 40 terms at .25 speed and I agree with them all
Denim. The reason why it becomes fuzzy again could be the same as why it fades, epoxy just like indigo does not penetrate all the way to the denim core so when sanded it exposes the non saturated cotton.
FUZZY  is just a top layer. Epoxy is hard, while denim is elastic and made of long interconnecting fibres. When sandpaper grit hits it, hard/brittle epoxy has nowhere to go and gets scratched out, while some of the tips fibres coming from below are elastic enough to survive one pass(some ends fluff out), untill next pass destroys/cuts them and sand new layer of epoxy, but uncover new elastic tips of fibres in that layer which survives the "shaking, banging and scratching" epoxy out of them... and thats why you never get long fibres as it gets destroyed with every next pass, but always get a fluffy surface from every new epoxy layer pass.
Denim. You've made me curious if one could replicate figured lumber with it. If the underlying topography were  also made of denim..... if rolled up denim were placed on end (like a limb would grow from a trunk)... if another fabric were included(like a bark inclusion)  anyway, cool table!
Denim. Next time, try rolling up alternating layers instead of using the wood. You can make them closer to the surface and then they can be part of the pattern too.
Thanks a lot, Cam. Now I have to start making denim tables. My wife is going to hate me.
Denim good tips about getting the perfect fit if you don't want an overhang (also your a Damascus har har)
Denim 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Denim for sure. If you want a challenge, maybe do a vaulted game table. I'd love to have it as an office desk though
Denim please.  I think it would be interesting if you could coordinate with Jimmy Diresta (YT channel) and collaborate a project, perhaps for a charity auction or donation.   Your flattened routed corners are terrific.   Thanks for sharing this insightful video.   Wishing you and your family a blessed week filled with gentle seasonally appropriate weather and restful evenings together.  Peace Cam.
I absolutely love your black epoxy + walnut tables, but I’m curious to see how a crystal clear epoxy table would look with live edge. Keep up the amazing videos you’re definitely my favorite youtuber
Denim! That is a nice table.
Hmmmmm - My guess would be that when you rip the end's of the table with the saw it heats up the epoxy and melts it to make the denim rip and expose it enough to make it soft again.  Cool table, looks like topography. Ha, Im a Landscape Architect so I geek out when it comes to that...
You could try flannel, I bet that that would look cool.
Denim, it's a good change of pace sometimes. At 2:30 I get what you mean, and in typical conversation you're absolutely right. Here's more (from Wikipedia);  Adrenaline, Allen wrench, Dobro, Dremel, EpiPen, Fix-A-Flat, Freon, Hacky Sack, Jell-O, Jetway, JumboTron, Kool-Aid, Lava lamp, NOS, Photoshop, Play-Doh, Putt-Putt, Roomba, Sawzall, Skilsaw, Speedo, Super glue, Super Hero, Targa top, Vaseline, Ziploc, Cellophane, Flip phone, Heroin, Lanolin, Linoleum, Teleprompter, Videotape, App Store, Multiball, Taco Tuesday, Touch-tone, ZIP code (not an exhaustive list, just the ones I find interesting or most used)
Denim, definitely more denim!!! I loved everything about this table, good job!
DENIM!!!
More Denim. As many of the techniques are 100% transferable, this medium does not, in my opinion, take away. I love Walnut, but 100% walnut looses a little of the new and exciting factor.  Now, for your next trick - Walnut Slab + Denim + Epoxy … without taking away from the Walnut (black/gray denim + a smoke epoxy (not your usual bottomless black) I’m sure if you let this spin around your head at night something amazing will come to you.  I have a 1” round over, it would have been too much - you probably nailed it. Time will tell.
By far one of the coolest things you've made!
Denim
Very badass!!
Denim, denim, more denim. Amazing how good this looks!
Denim is nice; table is ok. It is an interesting idea. I’m 70, and I already have too much stuff. I enjoy your ideas, however. Thank you for entertaining me.
I must say that I liked the previous denim table you made several months ago. This one looks like, a psychedelic nightmare! It doesn't convey a real Damascus pattern you would find on a knife. PS. Do you really need to use so many layers of denim? Couldn't you use something in between, or on a bottom layer? Nudge nudge, wink wink..... Thanks Cam! I do really enjoy your videos, and I am "entertained" by them! LOL!
Damn Cam. 😂😂😂. Throw that shade at the haters😎😎😎
Denim! Hey at the 8:11 mark you used the word less when you should have said fewer. Just thought you really appreciate that grammar correction after how you started the video 😜
Denim!!! That looks so amazing. Never would have thought of that concept. Truly a one of a kind project.
Denim please. Loved the last 1 you made.
Denim! definitely looks amazing but i do think the style of the base doesn't really fit with the denim. What if you somehow mixed the wood and denim in the top? Do you think doing that would look any good?
"it looked terrible but im obviously gonna try it again" this is why i love this guy
This turned out really cool!  I'd say it's more micarta than damascus, but whatever you want to call it, it looks good.  It's a really common type of material used for knife handles.  Other fabrics often used are burlap, canvas, and linen.  Would be cool to see something made with burlap coffee bags, as they usually have interesting stuff printed on them.
Denim
I must say, I was a little hesitant at the beginning with the concept, but once again you've made a beautiful piece of furniture.
Denim what is n3 nano made of?
I like it. I've been wanting to play with micarta for awhile. I have an idea and no matter how much i look, no one has done it yet.
Denim. Now how about 2 or 3 shades of Tan canvas?
Like it , never watched before today but was always, "on my list".
denim! keep em coming
Think of doing a topographic denim table. Like one for a Hawaiian island for instance
Wife and I enjoyed the list, paused and read them all.  Also the table came out great!  No preference on denim/no denim.
Denim! The "fuzzy" surface would be fantastic for a card playing table
demim, do you prefer the result of the small island blocks or the long island block more?
Denim. Would love to see different colors of denim other than blue. Desk looks amazing! ,
Denim. I love the look. One thing I would do differently is have some small piece of ply to the edge so the layered pattern carries all the way to the end and not have those kinda weird edges. Overall thou it's an amazing piece and maybe if I had the skills, time and resources I would try to make one for myself I think it would be an amazing work desk
LOVE THE DENIM
I think the fuzziness happens because the fibers have a higher tensile strength than the epoxy, so when you machine the composite material it destroys the resin but leaves some fibers intact
There is a guy that makes glasses with denim.  You might reach out to him.  @MOSEVIC
You should go somewhere and test the strength with a hydraulic press or something. Compare it to wood with data.
This project is AMAZING
a fuzzy denim coffee table would be a thing
Denim for days! Honestly, this is one of the coolest table tops I've ever seen. However, the best part was witnessing it's construction as you documented each step of the process along the way. it was really interesting to see the strategy you used to tackle this table after the knowledge you gained from the 2 previous projects. You know what they say, third times the charm. But, I'd just say you nailed it.
I would love to see more projects done with denim. I think this table top looks awesome!
I'd speculate that the "fuzziness " from sanding is a result of the hard ceramic particles in the sandpaper causing microscopic fractures in the epoxy matrix that enable the fibers to pop up in an attempt to relieve the compressive stress they were under during the epoxy solidification process.
I love watching your wood working, but its your humor & subtle sarcasm that brings me back.  😂
So happy to see another video. One of my favorite YouTubers
Denim! Love your work, wood and Denim. I'm not a wood worker just love watching your channel😊
Denim: Black and grey denim could look like metal if you do it right.
I'm not a wood worker, nor do I plan to  to be. I'm here to be entertained and watch a true craftsman with a funny personality at work. I hear you on the know-it-alls, only time that is ok is when watching a military/war movie and I need to explain to civilians all the things that are wrong. It is my duty as a retired Marine. Unfortunately, my wife doesn't think so🤣. You're on my softball team kid.
More denim please!
Denim all the way I wonder if a spiked roller would make the layup a little easier but love it definitely want more denim
Denim! I guess you just opened a whole new door of "wood" working. Anything is possible now. Saw a couple of rings made out of epoxy fire hose fabric and epoxy seatbelts... maybe a future table idea...just tossing some random thoughts out there.
Denim, Was this actually made by someone on an LSD trip or what?? Have wondered about Cam at times, but this one may finally put that question to bed😂😂😂 Honestly, I like the 1st one on the channel better, but this was different. BTW---Could you hot glue a 3/4 or 1" dowel rod to those smaller pieces to be able to rout them--just a thought 😅😅
I seriously hope that while working on this project you were constantly listening to the King Gizzard and The Lizard Wizard album *"Laminated Denim"*
Denim!!! Wow It turned out amazing. More of these experimental build.
#41 Channel Locks
More Denim.   Scott was right.  1/2” always looks good on thinner material and 3/4” on thicker ones.    But the table looks TERRIFIC!!
Denim  At some point I’m going to build a table top because of your videos and probably spend a bunch of money I don’t have on tools I don’t need nor know how to use hope you are happy with yourself lol 😂
I think the pattern wasn’t the issue (too psychedelic). It was the color (too blue). Maybe try some muted colors (black/white). Overall, loved the project! Do more please. 😀👍😀
Denim and no denim…. Beautiful table.  I like both styles you build but I slightly prefer the wood tables/furniture.  Glad to see you are wearing UV protective glasses.  :-)
I didn't think I was a corrector but I guess maybe I am. Learn to use the generic name dude.
Denim. I was thinking during the making that the '60s would want it back. I like the way it turned out. Definitely, well, pardon the turn of phrase, trippy.
That table deserves to be in a art gallery that hipster can ahhh at
i love denim micarta...have a few knives with it as handles...
Excellent.i love it
take the gloves off!
I came for the cool projects. I’ve stayed for you roasting the pathetic losers in the comments lol
I was intrigued by the DENIM dust you generated routing the edges. Could the dust be used in a project?????
Oh and fuc tha haters lol
Denim. Cameron I always enjoy watching your videos and am impressed/amazed at how pretty your projects turn out. However, it makes me sad when you don’t edit out foul language. The f word isn’t something that I feel should make it into your amazing episodes. A guy with your obvious skill and brains depreciates himself by letting that kind of language into what he presents to the world. Just my two cents buddy.
Denim + Damascus + More ...please
the ...i could buy that at a cheep store...thats not an insult ...its store quality thats a huge leep to whatever normal's can do in a shop...id take it as a complement ...hell i nix alot of projects because i feel its not quality anoff
Denim. That is really cool.
Denim.  But I don't love the base.  It looks like a temporary unfinished base.  But the table top is pretty amazing.
Denim absolutely yes!  I would have never considered it till seeing you do the messy one with all the spillover on your floor.  Both tables were awesome and you should continue building them and let your creativity go wild!!!  Love it!
you have thin skin. who cares if nobody likes you. you actually hate yourself.
What if you wrinkle the denim. Like bunch it all up and compress it and then lay it out. Of course the vacuum might just render that pointless.  Or maybe accordion fold long strips crossing “grain” each layer? Or bunch it up in different spots each layer and let the vacuum compress it like that?
Looks amazing 🥲
I’m waiting for the next logical evolution to carbon fiber tables
Whats the wrench?
"Sheriff of Damascus..."    🤣
Denim, totally.  Love the creativity with this one!
Denim,  try all 3 colors next time
Dude I love your channel but you do and say everything wrong. You should really take some time and learn from all the pros here in the comments section.
Diablo makes the best bits and blades. Their router bits last forever. Thats what you're using isn't it ?
Denim... What a journey it has been from wood table to denim table. I really enjoy where the channel is going. Keep up the good work.
looks like G10 v cool
Denim! Well, actually, "true" denim is... Just kidding. When you give the commentors what-for, it gives my soul butterfly kisses. They shan't ascend during the rapture. Nor will I, but for cool reasons 😎.
Denim. This was the first video you’ve made and said “Why? Lol ”. I think you should keep exploring. Maybe one day you can be a mediocre denim worker.
Denim - Love the creative experimentation.  Please do more.  I think a denim table with just the small circular wood pieces across the whole top would be cool.  Also - you look like a psychpath at the very end with your high intensity stare into the camera.  Don't do that.
Denim: Yeah Scott does seem more confident than you, Cam.  Overall in general  11:47
Including Scott is really cool. The video feels more like we are just vibing with you guys in the shop!!
... denimascus?
Yeah, Scott is right, the round over is too aggressive. Like the table though!
DENIM | More please, but the next one should be acid wash!!  Btw, this build was so cool that David Bowie made a song about it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZnryZ5rDbs&pp=ygUXZGF2aWQgYm93aWUgKyBibHVlIGplYW4%3D
Wait, sheet rock and drywall are the same thing and sheet rock is the name brand? I wish someone told me!
denim if you tell me the catalog number of that Ikea base ;)
For applying epoxy on denim use Graco airless cordless sprayer with largest nossle and lowest pressure setting. The application will be surprisingly sharp/accurate and you wont have any particle fog(mainly due to its difference from air pressure guns, but on top of that largest nossle with low pressure will make it dispense a lot of it, sharp where you need it and without fog). You will save minimum half of the time. Only if job takes less than 20min and quality finish is not needed, brush and roller wins, as there is less cleanup, just throwing away consumables.
Denim. In regards to the fuzziness - yes, the epoxy soaks in, but it does not replace the fiber. So removing the layers will still expose those fibers. Same happens with wood, but maybe it's noticeable because the denim is soft and fuzzy and wood is absolutely not.
Needs Denim chairs to match
Denim.  Love the look, looks like carbon fiber.   We have the same comments on Ikea, I call it "single use furniture".  However, as a woodworker with a limited set of tools, I find modifying Ikea furniture and adding better woods great projects.  It would be good content and challenge to find a piece you could enhance in your style.  As much as i hate supporting ikea it would get some views.
14:40 GOOD FOR YOU! You’ve been above average for a long time but it’s about time you admitted it haha
Denim - Cam, what a badass table! What else can I say!!
DENIM!  To me, it looks like an under water topographical map. I think the combination of the white oak and the denim is beautiful.   Now to find someone who wants a larger desk with a drawer and pop up electrical fixtures...
the denim is unique and kind of cool. you should try something similar with black and grey denim.
Denim....on your next dable (denim + table) try 1 contrasting denim color
How did you sleep on "Denimascus"?
Hi, the table looks absolutely stunning. I envy the lucky buyer, they will own a ‘one in the world’ fabulous table. I don’t know how you can let any of your work go, if I were your wife I would be stopping everything going out the door. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Book em denim…nailed it again bro…great work
gotta say bud, its genuinely refreshing to see somebody on youtube to express their contempt for the sh*tty backseat craftsmen! love it, keep up everything you're doing not that my comment would impact the likelihood of you continuing your exceptional and creative work.
Denim.  Endlessly entertaining commentary, as always.
Denim. But you might see if there are other denim colors.
Denim.  Looks fuckin incredible. I could never afford something like that, but it would look nice as a new desk in my video editing room. Nice job.
I feel like you're a little more unhinged than normal and it's epic
Denim! By far one of the coolest projects man. Congrats to you and the team for this creativity. Love seeing what you guys come up with. Good luck on the next project.
Denim, but not denim? Are there any other fabrics that can be layered and epoxy-ed that would get you the desired look?  Like upholstery fabric perhaps? Something other than blue. Or even 2 different light/white washed denims and you can call it marble damascus and really annoy commenters.
Denim ... but add some canvas and/or corduroy. Looks nice. Your idea worked!
Denim! Super cool!
Ohhh...denim. I love it!
I am not the denim-epoxy expert you are looking for. Just random guy on the internet that watched youtube videos about koenigsegg, they sometimes sand down their carbon fiber epoxy, after that you can feel the texture of the carbon, very much like your denim.
some boat hulls use vacuum infusion.  seems to be a great way to perform this function.
Denim, A denim chair to go with the table would be excellent.
Denim! I love this new phase of Black Tail content. So many fabric and materials that could be done using this technique. Cam you may be an above-average woodworker, but you're a world class deminworker. Also, your finishing game in both materials is next level. Thanks for sharing with us!
This would be called micarta it's basically the random material version of Damascus alot of paper and fabric resin combo products are called micarta they make fantastic knife handles as they last ages and look really nice with Damascus blades
Denim is so cool!
Wow! No 2X silent speed on this one. Full 1X run speed with normal audio (no chipmunk VO :) Kudos on your channel. It is entertaining... especially for how to content (no snark implied, playing off your early commentary in this video... nice way to increase views and limit liability). Great work. Thanks for sharing!
Denim: for the damascus, maybe try a tile pattern. Not sure what they call it when they do it with steel tiles, but there are some impressive looks... not sure if it would work with furniture though.
MORE MORE MORE!! Coolest video yet! You are and always will be the #1 in my book sir!
20:50 I wonder if the cotton fibers are more robust than the epoxy. So the fibers don’t wear as far as the binder leaving hairs sticking up making it fuzzy
You were about to do an impromptu crossover with Stumpy Nubs with that router work!
You had me laughing so hard with your no one like you truth bombs.🤣😂
5:14 god damn so jealous of your storage
Denim. I really appreciate watching people make use out of uncommon materials. Watching these videos are giving me ideas of what I can do once I am able to get my work space set up again. I started off in my parents garage over 10 years ago with a drill press and lathe. I messed around with making pens and pencils. It's been quite a few years since I have been able to do anything and I am really feeling that creative itch. Keep up the amazing and entertaining work.
Artist!  Not that we're supposed to use labels these days.  I was kinda hoping for a random pocket rivet or a zipper thrown in.
"Those annoying little fucking screws"  😂😂😂😂😂😂  that was worth the watch on its own.
fun fact, many of the words you put on screen about corrections, are experiencing or already have experienced what is known as "genericide", or trademark erosion. Basically if a brand is incredibly popular, it can become too popular, resulting in the name-brand version of a product becoming the most widely used term for that product by consumers, no matter what the brand actually is (e.g, most people don't say "I'll do an internet search for this", just "I'll google it", which google really doesn't like).  In extreme cases this can lead to the loss of trademarks if the company responsible for said trademark fails to adequately prevent this from happening (Nintendo avoided this by managing to replace excessive usage of their name with the term "games console" in order to retain their trademarks).
Denim! I would love a desk like this in my house. I'd put some beefier legs on it and use it for my leather work. Very cool! 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾
Denim, definitely!
This is amazing. I can’t believe how beautiful it is.
Denim, looks great
Denim
Maybe sharing expertise is not valued, but trying my luck here. With vacuum bag you need to calculate in enough pleats so that plastic can form closely to all contours and is not trying to stretch and therefore rip. Stretching vacuum bagging material would be great, but sadly for a reason or another those seem to not exist yet. And peeling the peelply at least from carbon is extremely sweaty job, usually pulling with all of my power for 30minutes to hour. You got it easily off, but on parts where you have all sides cured and all sides have overlapping epoxy hardened peelply in big mess, it starts to get really really sweaty, no matter if you do it outside in freezing cold. ps. If you want a real challenge, use Kevlar or twaron. You will break all of your scissors,  half of your festools cutting or sanding that, and especially your moral.
LOVE YOUR CHANNEL AND YOUR SARCASM.  REMEMBER..."PEOPLE CAN BE SO WEIRD!
Denim. Good concept.
Denim!
Denim.  I collect pocket knives, and knife scales are sometimes made of denim micarta, looks to me like you made a beautiful denim micarta table.  I know nobody likes me.
Denium, I love this table. The demascus is faboulous
Denim is a pretty awesome material to work with. You sir, you do a beautiful job with everything you do, including this
No denim. I feel like denim micarta table would be a more accurate description of this material. I ain't no expert though. Looks really cool though.
Cam at 4:30 ot would'be been safer to use the tape method with a stick..... you know?
Go with coffee bean bag and canvas Damascus!
i know i should take Interior Design and not law.
No denim, good for 1 or 2 examples but nowhere near as beautiful as wood.
Denim!! You could have sold a thousand of those in the late sixties and early seventies...😁 Truly though, it looks fantastic!!!
Oh God Yeah Denim, I love the table... Looks AMAZING!!
denim, I think that what you are doing is fun and looks pretty good.  It is awesome that you are putting out content of you experimenting with new materials.
Denim….love it! The table turned out great.
You forgot when people use vinyls instead of vinyl
+skillsaw on the list :)
Denim is pretty cool but I’ll be honest and I come for the wood and epoxy videos.
the reason the top gets fuzzy is that the strands of material are soft and don't cut cleanly once the substrate of the resin is ground away.  it's a real pest when making kevlar parts, to the point where most people put a thin layer of fibreglass over the top just to have something they can effectively sand to a finish without fuzz.
It's not my style but I'd say you did a great job. When you showed the denim where it meets the base, at first I thought it looked like there was stitching there. Wouldn't that be interesting?
Denim! Woot! Hey Cam great table. Love it. I have to say, the router table with the small pieces of wood made me as nervous as I think you were. You got serious balls! 😂   Question, would it work if you attached a block of wood to each one as a handle with double sided tape to go through the router? Would the tape hold or just make the pieces unintended projectiles?
Denim, experimentation is always good.   What about corduroy?
I actually only put water in my thermos and if you put food in it, your weird.
Denim! Very cool. I would love to see if you come up with any new ideas for this new medium.
I would much rather have someone correct me and learn something. For example. My 12 year old granddaughter corrected me last week when I use the word "Ironic" incorrectly. While I was using it in a sarcastic nature she was correct and my response was simply "you are correct and thank you." Just my 2 cents. 😀
Denim. It looked great, Cam. And ignore all the unnecessary pedantic commentary
It looks great. You made the right color choice. Resin laminated fabrics (other than structural fabrics like glass or carbon) is known as Micarta (another ubiquitous brand name) and has been used for a long time to similar effect in knife handles.
Denim! So different from what else is on YouTube.  Really enjoy watching you figure it out.
Denim looks fucking rad!
Denim is a lot of fun.  Keep 'em coming!
Are you supposed to wear gloves when using a router? I thought you weren’t supposed to, although all of my machinery experience is with metalwork machinery so i could be wrong.
Denim! Whether it’s your thing or not, if you do another, make it even more psychedelic by using lots of different colours of denim.
Hi Cam! I’m an engineering student with a passion for woodworking AND metalworking,and for a while I’ve had an idea for a wood+metal Damascus table. The issue is, even though I think I’ve got the metal figured out, I don’t have the woodworking expertise to pull off my idea. If you liked doing this Damascus denim and would be interested in a similar project using some metal, any chance you’d consider a collab?
Denim!
Definitely DENIM, red denim purple denim green denim color color color. I think that would look denimlicious. This table turned out amazing, cam you are the man!
Denim. Always so entertaining.
Denim. That table is so sick. Looks like a topo map. So cool.
Denim!!
Denim!       Great idea, beautifully done.
If only they had a name for damascus made from fabric.......XD
Denim That looks amazing. I think a darker base would have been better but that's just me.
Denim. Epoxy tables are not my personal style but your fit/finish is on another level and I appreciate your attention to detail. Even when you do something that isn’t to my taste I still watch it anyway. I held off on watching your first denim table because I thought it wouldn’t be interesting. I don’t think I would have one (a denim table) in my home, but your creativity and skill is inspiring. You keep developing and make interesting content that has helped me in some of my own hobby wood shop projects and you’re hilarious to boot. I’ll be watching no matter what you do next Cam! Also, I love it when you troll the trolls😆 To all of those people, “If you can’t say something nice, don’t say anything at all.” - Thumper (Unless you’re on YouTube and you’re helping Cam’s engagement metrics 😂😂😂😂
Really gorgeous!  I like everything about it. Thanks for sharing your inspiration and talents. Primo entertainment.
It looks cool, but Im getting a feeling that chrome legs or some metal would we better combo
YES MORE DENIM
More denim!! Also the dynamic between you and Scott is so awesome.
I had no clue that people may correcting you with Google...  Would be great (or, at least, nice) if it was by alphabetical order...
Cool looking table. When are you going to do the 80’s style acid washed version?
I really like how that turned out.
Denim, but maybe one thats a little toned down, it is a bit psychedelic, but it is super cool! I think denim would look really cool as an insert for the back of chair
Denim: You should consider doing more extravagant epoxy-based project like this one. Everyone does epoxy river tables nowadays so a little originality is always welcomed. Maybe you could accept challenges coming from the comments, like making one out of saw dust, concrete broken in pieces, river rocks, aluminum flakes... Ever considered doing musical instruments, lamps or decorative elements?
Denim, or whatever material you choose.
Denim!! Congrats on the work!
Denim! I think it looks awesome! Great job Cam!
Wow very nice the denim table👌🏼💯
Denim. This is essentially a G10 table, but with denim instead of glass cloth. Nice work.
Screw that.. we invite those people to hockey games.. and then make sure they are on the opposing team.. and they meet the wall.... problem is.. most cannot skate..
Denim. Love the table. I feel like if the colors were different it would be a lot like the type of art you see from some Australian first-nations people. And I mean that as a complement.
Denim! But do the next one with an actual pattern instead of the random psychedelic look.
ok. Honest opinion. I like it. Its a little loud for my taste but it looks super cool. I think it would work well as a computer desk or office desk. just a bit too much of the ripples. Maybe next time have a little less "pattern welding".
It's called Micarta, very misleading
More
Denim….. Scottieeee, great to see you getting more “air time”, love to see your positive attitude 😂. Now Cam, just because you hate those nasty little ikea screws, no need to get pottie mouth about it ( but if you ever run out of them give me a call, I’ve got a jar of about 100 of them, you can have them).And now I can hold my head high knowing that I am subscribed to the only denim, epoxy, cabinetry channel on ytube 😂.
Denim denim denim do it more
DENIM!!!  Love it
The cotton fibers won't fully absorb the product so it creates that fuzzy feel.  I really like the different medium.  River tables and live edge stuff is kinda over done so it's great to see something unique.
Denim "damascus" is such a fun idea and I am now maniacally researching all the items I didn't know about in the list of things no one should be corrected on
Is the Vesting LED hard wax oil - Clear Pure, the same you used in the video (invisible oil)?
That list of terms has me fucking crying laughing. You’re awesome
Denim-this was utterly fascinating and so much fun to watch! I honestly love the Damascus look and I'm excited to see what you do next!
I think using a thinner epoxy would soak better
In regards to the list at the beginning, it's kind of a funny thought. How a specific brand name becomes the universal name for all similar products. Like band-aid is a brand name but the product is an adhesive bandage. human language is a funny little thing.  Although it's pretty simple. Whatever we use the most becomes the well known and most familiar. It also helps when it's a much shorter thing to say.  Also bonus fact. Supposedly the art of true damascus has been lost to time so you cant even make true damascus anymore anyway. So it doesn't really matter anymore.
You are one funny MOFU! Congrats on being the biggest epoxy/denim[non-live edge] YouTube channel.😁Spectacular result!
Denim
Denim
Denim! Can you please wear safety glasses when working with vakuum?
Nice table top, the base is rubbish. Also, Damascus? Definitely not. Layers don't equal Damascus...
Unexpectedly, I quite like it! I saw the thumbnail but really seeing the process and final result is impressive. We'll done!
Hey Cam, I live local to you and have been having a hard time finding good baltic birch plywood? Ones with nice clear layers.
$17k wow! "see what it's going for" I expected an auction.
Denim for sure.  I wish I had the space to equip a decent shop like yours, but then I would still be just a tool owner masquerading as a craftsman.  Thanks for letting me vicariously build beautiful things, Ed
I think this would be a cool idea.  Do a denim topographic map style table top. Instead of a bunch of small pieces, do one large random shape.
More denim.  That is a gamer table!
Two minutes in and I'm weary of his ranting. I know he does it to ward off people who aren't interested in his videos, been watching him for a while... but that schtick is long in the tooth.
denim  ngl, that last shot stared a lil too deep into my soul  gonna need some counseling costs refunded
Denim. Is it okay if we correct people for saying “pre-drilling”when in fact they are just drilling?
Denim or no denim? That is the question.
First F-Bomb? 😂
Denim.... Chef's Kiss for the denim top. Beautiful!  The base, not so much. It just doesn't compare to the top. It's too understated. In my head, I see a darker finish. Maybe an exotic wood with an intense grain. As for the shape. I'm thinking a 3 leg design. Simple. Clean lines.  Your work is beautiful. On a side note, you seem to be fond of rounded edges. To me, rounded edges makes me think of formica kitchen counters/tables. Are crisp edges passe? I'm Just   Saying!!! 😁
Denim. That’s awesome man. Very nice work. More colors would be cool in my opinion  👍👍
How about epoxy incorporating all that you might find on a desk or work bench - silly but fun.
Denim! Very curious to see how this looks with darker/gray/black denims. Also, why sand the table to 240?  Wouldn't the table get higher absorption of the finish at the lower grits?
Denim. Want to see more of these. Beautiful work
Denim, thanks for the Video
Mainly wood please but this denim top is spectacular. Wish my house and bank balance were big enough to buy it. The first time you put a finish on top and the denim blue popped out... Wow!
Denim
Your doing great stuff dude. Wish there was a way to get your stuff out to more people. Team up with ikea.
Denim. $17k blew my mind
Linen table top next, branch out in fabrics!
Denim. What a spectacular table, so creative!
Denim. Groovy! Was just thinking to myself, where is Blacktail? And you posted a new video!
Denim, just a fan from Australia, not a woodworker at all, just enjoy the endorphins I get from seeing what you create. Thinking about the way the layers of different shades of blue in the denim Damascus table look, and how your wood and epoxy tables look, it came to me, what would different colours of denim look in a similar damascus slab, like blue and black denim, or red and black? Maybe even different colours in a checkerboard damascus effect ?
People get mad about fake Damascus because they got ripped off on an expensive knife that is fake Damascus
Denim!  Fun project, sir.
Denim, this is really cool Cam...nice job!
It’s not considered Damascus because you didn’t make it in the Cheddar region of Britain
Sorry, but people do need correcting about a "weed eater". I work on small engine stuff. If someone calls and says they need work on their weed eater, I tell them toss it and get another because Weed Eater brand aint worth fixing. However, an Echo or Stihl line trimmer is almost always worth fixing. I'm just trying to save people time and money.  On a serious note though, I would never seriously come on someone's video and start trying to correct them for something unless they ask for opinions.
Denim micarta basically, looks really good man, design turned out better then I thought it would be. Blue colors are spot on and the offcuts can be used in some knife handles
Denim.
Denim! It gets fuzzy again because the sanding releases the cotton fibers from the epoxy, but they are too tiny and flexible to be cut cleanly by the abrasive.
Where did you get those scissors??
Denim looks amazing and I would love to see more!   Maybe you could try to make patterns by scrunching up the fabric like an irregular accordion before having it cure
Denim, I like it, it's something different
Also useful as a bullet proof shield.
Amazing 🙏
you might not be the largest woodworking channel but your the most entertaining.
Denim.  Love your tables, how about a chair to match?
More Denim Please! Would it be as effective in black?
Denim , looks great. What about a denim wrapped base with a denim top but with a see through section in the top so you can see through to the legs. Might be cool
i think the 7/8 chamfer is better suited to a bench for sitting rather than a table. i like the denim. i think chairs or a bench would be cool to do with denim.
LMFAO @19:37
Denim. I really like how you are willing to take risks and try other mediums.  This looks really cool!
Denim. Dude, the psychedelic look is the best part. Do some Grateful Dead themes, and you’ll sell a ton (you can figure out how to set up a production facility that uses your refined techniques).
Denim is okay and I really like the table but honestly it doesn't compare to a fine piece of wood.
Denim. I like that there are endless pattern possibilities with this technique. It would be cool, however, if you could find a way to collect enough used or discarded denim to do a project - even a smaller one. It might bring in a bit of that "using something that might have been wasted" energy that you get with using gnarly wood slabs.
Denim  wow the finished product is INSANE. Super trippy
definitely one of the most creative things I've seen done with denim, turned out great
denim wood mix! kind of like the how the bottom looked, except less golf course communityness
"DENIM". The endless possibilities, colors! There is a tie-dye crowd out there. Look into the intricate patterns & you will be pleased by the overwhelming response. Grateful Dead tables/printing money......
That's a huge slab of micarta .....😅
Demin,  enjoyed watching you make this.
Denim!  Too cool.  Both the wood and denim projects are great!  Really enjoy your videos!
acshewally 😄🤓
Yes, more denim tables please!
DENIM…This channel might be able to answer your question about the fuzzy feel. While your channel is still the largest denim epoxy channel, it is not the first. One. This guy has been making denim epoxy glass frames for nearly a year. https://youtube.com/@mosevic_eyewear?si=cvgvnMYlulJvOI5J (side note they are really comfortable too.)
Love the denim. I was really intrigued by the first video. Happy to see that the denim is sparking your creativity!
Denim - really really cool. It’s a piece of art. I was wondering about it being fuzzy and then you said it was. Interesting. Probably because you sheer of the resin and in the process create raw microfibers of cotton. Loving the psychedelic pattern.
More Denim! - I thought that spot at 30:08 looked like dyslexic cookie monster lol.
I really like the look of the top. the black steel legs you used on a previous project would also look good with this.
His first car did not cost $400 💀. The router is $1100 not $30,000.
Denim!
For years I would correct anyone who called a spa a Jacuzzi.  After I saw it scroll in your list of things people always get wrong. I decided I'm just going to let it go from now on.
Denim! Well done Cam. BTW, those F***KIN' IKEA "screws" are actually 4mm socket head cap scr...🤣🤣
An amazing job as always ❤. But what’s with Voldemort look at the end in the bloopers? 😂
Denim/Non Demin ... Carbon fiber should be your next project
That was more than 40 items... just saying.
I’m not going to watch this video because of all the people you’re depriving of a pair of jeans for your silly table. Denim is NOT a renewable resource! The denim mines in Saskatoon are quickly running out of denim ore! Disgusting! I’m gonna email Justin Timberlake, the king of Canada and tell him to not sell you anymore denim ore. My pronouns are “you can’t”/“be serious”
Denim is cool and all. Not my cup of tea but I can still appreciate a nice table when I see one!
Never imagined denim being used in this fashion, but these last two projects that I've seen from you are immaculate. Keep it up. Sidebar, stop being so hard on yourself about how your projects turn out.
It's not actually denim unless it's woven in the Denim region of France. Otherwise it's just cotton fabric.
Denim. iykyk
Dope focus pull @25:37
Denim... i thought this was shockingly cool
jable
Denim 👍
Denim concept looks great.  But to get a true “Damascus” would you have to make a thin denim layer and then let it sit in the sun and fold back over itself?  Of course the table would probably end up being an “end table”!
The fiber is fine and strong and breaks like a pulled string so it's a semi random fracture point. Half are inside and half are outside so it's fuzzy
I spent half the video trying to remember the term micarta. Many would call this micarta instead of Damascus. But when I went to check how it is spelled, I found that Micarta is a brand name. Though I did see a couple people spelling it "mycarta" because it is not Micarta, it is MYcarta.
Denim: That’s awesome please do some more denim projects.
AMAZING!
Denim all the way. It helps get into the mood when taking a spiff.
No denim
Mode Denim! :D
Beautiful!!!
I miss wood working...I mean, I understand you need to set yourself apart and be quirky but this isn't it. Why not just go buy a plastic table ?
No denim. Would love to see multi wood type table. Ie white oak and black walnut. Ebony and ivory
Man. The denim table was already amazing. Always stepping up the game!
20:30 it's fuzzy and soft because the denim sheets contain some amount of water moisture
Denim is a great medium 😅😂
I hate the corecting ppl. Why 1 my englishbis bad in typing so leave me alonem 2 i can just use my phones auto coreting but its of cuz its anoying i tel you why at now. Numver 3 i have dyslexiam and its sucks when ppl corect me but doesent knowb what problems i have😢
Cam feels pretty strongly about those little IKEA screws.
That is freeking cool!
I dunno...you still may not have the largest denim and epoxy channel.  Peter brown might have beaten you on that. Plus a lot of knife makers use denim micarta because of that soft texture and how grippy it is.
Denim - I mentioned on the first one you did that I thought it was one of the most striking and awesome things you've made and... I think you outdid yourself on this one. I really like how this came out, the pattern definitely matches the idea. I like how it is with the base, but I feel like if you had maybe gone with an oil that would've stained the wood or given a bit of a warmer tone to it, it might add a bit of that blue/orange(ish) contrast and make the blue *pop* a bit more - or I'm just overthinking it.  re: the fuzziness after planing - I'd guess it's because adding the forms kinda upset the fiber directions and added a three-dimensionality to it, so when you guys shaved off the layers with the planer, in some cases you were essentially cutting "across the grain", which caused some of the fibers to delaminate & stick out, hence... fuzziness.
That looks F-ing incredible. I think this is my favorite. Make more!
Denimascus!  I wonder if a single color stack would give enough contrast? While I love the design and concept, I feel the light blue is too much of a contrast to the dark fabric. Maybe hot glue some rope to the mold instead of wooden islands
As a hobbyist blacksmith, I very much enjoyed the segment at the beginning of the video about "True Damascus." Thank you for that. I needed the laugh today. 😂😂
Denim and that looks like an awesome desk or work table.
Denim - you should make a pair of pants out of walnut as a wall decoration
Definitely more denim. Fuckin amazing!  And because you created damascus denim (could call it double-Ds for short), now you can officially ignore anyone who claims it isn't real damascus denim. In fact, you should petition your state for a special damascus denim protection like they do for real champagne or parmesan cheese so that ONLY you can call it damascus denim.
I love the look of this but it looks a bit like a bed for some reason
I love the look of this but it looks a bit like a bed for some reason
denim 👍
You're braver than me... I think i would have probably semiloosely screwed a longer board to the little ones and then rotated them around the router bit...
I love this idea mate, and while explaining about 'the sheriff of Damascus" being left off the softball team, well comic!  🤣🤣😂😂😂   More Denim please.
Im definitely going to take the knowledge from this and try some in my resin projects. I do much smaller mushroom worlds and odd things i just like, this is very cool and now i need something like this!😂
Denim
Damascus Denim. That's a really funny concept
i have to agree, those screws are pretty fucking annoying
now if only l could make my jeans look this cool
By the way, including the shop talk (that subtle f bomb) and using Andrew's vice really made this a great catch up video for us who have been hoping for a new video.  Again, thanks Cam!
Ok this is a neat idea, you could take inspiration from the pattern welded world and do some really cool things!
Denim. Your bravery created a beautiful piece of furniture. Brilliant.
Denim, more of this please; also a bit of a nitpick suggestion but maybe try adding the different color layers in a less even way so you get a slightly more natural look, otherwise, yeah gorgeous Jamascus Jabletop
Denim
Denim! So beautiful I would love to buy that if I had the means I love the psychedelic/watery look •¤○●○¤•
Denim
Ya
I love that little f word you snuck in there
Denim. I think I like the lacquer finish of the last table better. But this one looks really cool.
Denim for sure , but a braided Damascus style as a border round the table
So. Much. Denim.
Denim.
Denim. 30:35 Bro you can be a Bond villain; that stare is intense.
No denim, but why you asking me you always do good work and it's your channel. I'd like to see some white Oak tables
What a deeply stupid thing to say.
FINALLY A NEW VIDEO!!!!!!! I’ve literally watched all of your vids atlest 3 times each
Denim!!!!!
Denim! That was slick. Every time I watch one of your videos I think "I gotta try that" and the reality of how lazy I am hits and I just look for another video to watch.
Denim Very creative.
I am always overwhelmed by what comes out of your shop. I wish naysayers would just move on to a different video. Thanks for sharing.
denim or no either way I love your content mate. thoroughly enjoy how you bag out the haters. keep up the good work.
Denim. legs.
On fire today with the witty repertoire!!! Love it.
This came out amazing.  I also like how much Scott is becoming a part of the channel
Denim. I must say - as a fellow amateur woodwork enthusiast - It is very inspiring to see you have an idea as crazy as this and stick with it to the end. The final prodauct looked awesome, next maybe try making a bean shaped coffee table with similar undulations?
I laughed so hard about the Sheriff Damascus bit that everyone in the room is now staring at me wondering what happened.
Denim. Absolutely Denim. I thought the first one turned out great. This one is amazing as well. And it sounds like your ideas for future builds will be too. An idea, off color denim bow ties. My wife doesn’t care for them but I love the look of bow ties and think a denim table with a built in crack for bow ties would be a very cool look.
denim, as always a really cool video and idea
Denim - that was a nice Denim Damascus table build.  For the next denim table build, maybe you can try simulating wood grain instead? 😊
I think it's freakin awesome, maybe try something with black, white, and dark blue denim? Make a zebra table lol
Hmmmmm  Cam, that is one busy table and may take some time to get use to it. It was a good build and I do agree with you on the White Oak table frame, I am sure if Janice Joplin, or a few of those 60's rock and roll  singers were alive they would beat your door down to own it.   Good luck with the next one.
Denim... black & blue to be specific. That would look pretty cool and you wouldn't have to go quite as wild with the texture to get a good contrast. It could also sport a darker wood base. Think about it🤔
No Denim.
Outstanding!
DENIM: To anyone who thinks its sponsored ITS ILLIGAL TO HAVE  A VIDEO BE SPONSORED BUT NOT DISCLOSE IT
Well, actually.....jk haha
That may be the sharpest looking table yet.
Did Cam just blew his "F***" cap off at the 13.40 minute mark? I swear i never heard him swear. Hhahaha. That must have struck a huge nerve, talking about IKEA.
What??!! Why would you say that??!! No one is going to agree with everything you do 100% of the time! Your reaction is disappointing!
Denim. Stellar workmanship!
Denim is dope
Zamboni better have been on that list! 🧐
Denim! That turned out really awesome! I think you're really on to something here. I love the den-mascus (yes, I just coined that term just now to annoy people, feel free to re-use). You should definitely do more. If you ever need a place to store one of your den-mascus tables for a while, my office/gaming room is just a couple hours north of you and has a space waiting lol.
More denim! Beautiful work!
Denim 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
🎉this is absolutely beautiful. I'm not even done with the video and this is my favorite by far which is hard to say! Very cool idea,Cam.
Not the first, my guy. But still an a@×&%$e.
Really like this.  Would love to see some other color combos. Felt layer or dyed denim maybe.
Is it weird that I was excited to hear a couple F-bombs in this video? Gimme all the adult woodworking content!
this looks great! someone without any wood knowledge could probably easily mistake it for wood at first glance. i would.  maybe if you try something like this again, try to recreate pattern welded damascus even more? with, you know, a consistent pattern.  not sure how much is possible but stuff like waves and dots for example should work just fine.
❤
Denim
add Channel-lock to your list ;-P
ok making it a Jamascus pattern is a pretty great way to one-up the previous Jable  also, even with the epoxy, denim is still just twisted cotton threads so that's why they get fuzzy when you sand them, the cotton is untangling & un-twisting
Denim. I love it.  It is a bit "busy" but there will probably be a PC maybe a printer and other stuff covering some of the Damascus pattern so I think that will balance it out.  Oh, and thanks for the creepy serial killer eyes at the end.
Absolutely loved the hater comment portion of this video. Had me cackling
denim
Denim, love the vids man.
Wow you're a little spicy today!  I love your channel
Denim looks cool
Denim, the minute you started in on the comment I knew this was gonna be a good one 😂
Here's a project idea: beer/soda bottle cap epoxy table.
denim
Denim. Definitely not a table I could have in my home, but just... Wow. I was audibly awed when you first showed the last sand down (or cut to width? I don't know the terminology). I absolutely love when you experiment and always want to see more! Best denim epoxy channel in the world!
Denim, I love it. I like the psychedelic look and the mad shapes. You will look at it every time you pass it, and you'll see something different every time. Nothing wrong with boobs, by the way.
Make more denim tables. So cool
Denim, denim, denim. Thanks.
Denim
Very cool!
More denim plz ❤
More denim for sure. Damascus denim look beautiful.  Reminds me of a topographic map!
Woah you keep surprising me with your evolution. Imagine if you were still stuck flying  🚁 . Pretty cool but not as cool as your woodworking. Also  🚁 crash sometimes
Denim. I would say your channel is entertainment but, also inspirational to try something new.
Denim! Damn, I had to look up what Damascus steel actually is. I did NOT come here to learn something. 1/5 stars. ;)
Denim. I love the way this one turned out! What an awesome new twist on table building! Keep them coming!
Denim is fine but the base looks unfinished, even though I realise that , that is the look you were going for.  A blue finish would be more balanced.
I want that list of "no need to correct" for later use !!  :P
Love your channel, love your style, love your attitude...   that said... one observation... Gloves!    Please no gloves around those sharp spinny things.   A knick in your finger. Vs. A glove getting sucked in.    Horrible.   And im not even a Saw Stop guy.   Stay safe buddy. Keep making cool stuff  Scott Kapton. Fine Creek Woodworking. VA
I like this table, but I prefer the plain one. This is a little too psychedelic for me. The first is elegant and handsome! Less is more in my opinion.  Just so you know, new fabrics have a sizing on them. It goes away with washing. This sizing might make it more difficult for the fabric to absorb the resin. (It’s the same with new dishcloths or towels: they dont absorb until they have been washed). I would suggest you experiment by making a small table with new denim which has been wash and dry before applying the resin. I think the absorption would be different. Once washed, denim (and all fabrics) becomes softer and has a more natural feel, and the colour is less harsh. Just a suggestion. Thank you for your videos! Love them!
Denim. Love it! Next time go for 3 or more denim wash shades.
Just seen the price in the description $17,000 ? Holy moly il pass
Random thought in case it's helpful, the leg levelers reminded me of low profile thimb screws in case you want fancier ones I guess? Ignoring the part where metal+floor might not be the best idea
denim damascus, such a cool idea! I agree, quite psychodelic result. Loved the 40 min vs 2 day remark - so true!
So your channel was in my top ten favorites. After that “nobody likes you” rant and the list….. you’re now in my top three! 😂 Thank you for not pandering to the “know-it-alls”.
Denim, Love it.
Denim, definitely! Might have to try something like this, but a coffee table.
Denim! MORE DENIM projects! 🎉
i personaly dont line the base. for me the legs are one of the most important parts. this just looks like a temporary storage base
Put your epoxy tools in a bucket of acetone
2:40 im surprised champagne was not on that list. Lots of people call sparkling wine champagne, when its only actually champagne if it was made in the champagne region of France.
Denom!!  Google ladder pattern damascus. That pattern would be GREAT on a dining table
Looks amazing
Why do I get the feeling that this project is going to be everywhere on YouTube in the next month or so? It’s a cool idea though. I expect people will make templates for the wood that provide a specific shape like a logo in the denim when it’s done. 👍
It is called micarta not damascus
$17k? nice, that makes me want to get in on it. thank you
Denim - it’s so cool! Looooved the first one, though this one isn’t really to my taste. That being said I appreciate the effort and learning and wow that top coat made the colors POP!
Denim. Great video, thank you. Greetings from Aruba.
Denim - Love this video, please do more ;-)
more denim!
Real damascus is crucible steel, what you are talking about is pattern welded steel
i love watching this channel, but honestly? its a epoxy channel not a woodworking (or denimworking) channel.  you do you, so long as you have fun and show passion i am more than happy to watch
Denim: missed an opportunity to say "think about it" when debating the safety of routing those small wood pieces
Denim! Cam, as always you come up with awesome projects!! Thanks
i was like, "man, i wanna buy that table." then i saw the price
That would be called  denim micarta in the knife world
Denim! More projects like this please!
Denim!  Damascus Denim..... that just rolls of the tongue right.  What a killer job!
A bit snarkier than normal…I like it. I found it very amusing, when an IKEA ad popped in, immediately following your tirade.
Denim chairs would look pretty cool with the right cushion, thoughts? But would the denim hold up for legs, maybe need a wooden dowel inserted into the middle with the denim wrapped around it, if that makes sense? I think your Damascus design looks perfect.
Demin. Reminds me or a topographic map.
i love the way you work with denim but i truly dislike this base, im a huge fan of your choices but idk, it seems like you made that in 40 minutes because you ran out of time
I don’t care what you call it, it’s damn pretty.
More denim. I always enjoy watching you entertain with tools. Like Steven Write host  “Tool Time”lol.  I wonder what you could do with different colors or like one layer of green denim every 4 layers of blue or something. Maybe try to aim for a pattern or logo.
Denim, that's pretty cool!
😊 Jean denim I like it
If you would like some tips and tricks for future denim projects then look into the manufacture and finishing of Micarta.  I make scales for my custom knife handles and there is tons of information out there in the knifemaking forums on this exact process.
Denim. What’s the status update of the new shop???
I like the "what the fuck did he make now" while they were planing lmaooo
Denim. That is a beautiful table.
$17,000?  Did I read that wrong?
Denim! Please more denim!! Love this table; love the psychedelic Damascus pattern and can’t wait to see what you do with denim!♥️♥️♥️
I love your videos.  I haven't done any real woodworking since high school, unless you count home repairs.  In high school (decades ago) I was the first girl that took woodworking shop.  Anyway, watching you paint the epoxy on all those layers made me wonder - is there a way to pull the fabric through a trough system like one uses for wallpaper?  Probably waste a lot of epoxy, but just wondering.
Denim you made a contour map from denim...  use earth tones and sell them to Army NCOs.  Its a gold mine!  Make tables that are copies of NTC, JRTC, and Hohenfels!
Awesome. Very creative and smart.
20:36  My guess can be explained directly, but here's an allegory just because: If you fill a house with bees, no matter how many bees you use,  When you blow it up, you will still find splinters of wood in the rubble.  When you take away the surface layer of epoxy, now the top layer is a mix of epoxy and denim shreds. Since denim shreds can and will fluff, since the epoxy can only dig so deep /into/ the fibers even if it /surrounds/ them, the insides of the fibers lift out of their station, above the epoxy. I can't think of other situations where this effect occurs, but I'm sure it's more common than in just these materials.   2:07 Yeah that's true I was that kind of guy in high school until senior year, sort of. I would very often inform people what they're not sure of or when they made a mistake to the point of being bothersome I just wanted people to know what the truth was, since not knowing or being wrong can cause problems later. All it took was someone telling me that they thought I hated everyone around me for not being as smart (their words not mine). I was shocked. But on the other head of the double-sided coin, another classmate of mine always critiqued others but only to her clique, never to their face. At the school reunion 3 years later, ZERO people even ACKNOWLEDGED that she was there.  Sometimes, it's important to let people know directly that what they're doing is problematic. Others, the best way to shut someone up is to pretend that they already have.
"Denim" I love you. Im tired of these forged in fire idiots coming onto my videos talking to me like they actually have something to add
Denim! Thanks for sharing.
Es una gran idea como todo lo que hacen 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I love the table top. It's beautiful. Don't care much for the base though. It looks a bit wimpy to me. I do hope you find someone with the $17,000. I realize you have a large amount of time and I expect a huge amount of money invested but I think $17,000 is a bit to high. I have one nit to pick with you. The equipment you used to smooth the top is a wide belt sander, not a planner.🙂🙂
Well, according to that list, I can still tell people it's "maille" and not "chainmail" xDDD
you went too big, scott was right.  Would be cool if you could think of a way to get the Damascus look on the sides of the too rather than the layers
Denim projects are interesting and enjoyable to watch. I'd love to see a combination of Denim and Red Oak with the Red Oak peaking through the Denim. It might look horrible or it could look fantastic especially with a Red Oak base.
Denim definitely more denim but I have to say I loved your early on rant about not correcting things that don’t need correcting it’s one of my biggest pet peeves and I make the people in my house pay me a quarter each time they do it
This looks amazing
Incredibly cool
Denim! Great work, awesome table. Super inspiring to me. I work a lot with epoxy resin but not so much wood or denim haha, but your content helps get over the reservations I have of trying something new! Thank you
denim but honestly anything you do is always pretty spectacular and entertaining.  Well done, this is a beaut!!!
Denim: it looks super interesting and it's a look you don't see often for table tops. I agree that it's a bit psychedelic and a bit too busy. Maybe less bumps with a more gradual curve but I'm just guessing here. But I find it super interesting because the journey is just something totally new. I love your wood working videos but it is generally a similar process each time and this is something you're just figuring out yourself and it's cool to have a new sandbox to play in. Also one of my problems with resin projects is that sometimes the thing people make has very little to do with the original material since it's just a chunk of resin at the end. This still has the denim look and you couldn't really just do this with a block of resin on its own.
Amazing !!! Fuck it's beautiful
Looks great man. Not my cup of tea, but still appreciate the effort and attention to detail. I was thinking red flannel and black walnut. Something you would see in those high end hunting lodges.  Not much for light colors(burly maple excluded).
Great job Cam, it would be super cool if you did a half denim, half live edge black epoxy river table, I wonder how much you could sell that for?
I hope your list included Frankenstein (as opposed to Frankenstein's monster), but i can't be bothered to check.
Denim❤ I love that the denim also looks like a topographical map on top of the Damascus look, I’d love to see you experimenting with black and grey denim as well since you’ve become the😊 leading expert on all things denim furniture
I have no experience but seems pretty common sense why it gets "fuzzy" - blades whirring at thousands of rpm are knocking/shaking/cutting little chucks of resin off the individual thread ends.  Paint brush that you rinse and let dry - didn't get all the adhesive out and the bristles stick together. You can work it with your hands to get them free again, dislodging chunks of adhesive that had just been adhered to the bristles.
Denim
Did scott forget to censor a word when talking about those pesky ikea screws?😅
Denim, definitely  It’s a new twist on a solid concept and the world needs more art Give a high five for the camera work too
DAG    I  WISH  I HAD THE  FUNDS  TO GET  THAT  TABLE    Been hit hard with  BIG Dr. bills and more on the way.  Who ever get this table should be very proud.  ALL YOUR  WORK  IS  GREAT
Denim!   I would love to see you made a Brown Denim table next.
Denim. No Denim. Doesn't matter. Just please post more often, Mr. Sandman. I need that sweet calming voice and terrible dad jokes to fall asleep. Works better than Ambien for me.
Denim please let me know if it sells for your asking price
Denim denim denim 😊 I like your thoughts about creating patterned tables with denim. I wonder what other fabrics and colors you can put together. I think a herringbone pattern with earthy woody tones could be very interesting.
Denim! Would love to see a crust-punk denim table with a bunch of black canvas patches attached with floss thread on top of a studded metal base but I'm sure that's not your style.
Denim, for sure!
Denim! This is so creative, which is why I love your channel ❤
Micarta is a great material and I am surprised there aren't many more people making tables out of them! I have mostly seen it for old machine parts and recently for knife handles and also frames for glasses, but never tables. Cool idea, especially with the marbled pattern!
I want to see a table top that mixes wood and denim somehow.
Denim. Looks real nice. Definitely more of this.
Denim, this was a badass table. Far better than your last one. Good job man.
2:08: After this comment I deleted my membership! Was this really necessary? A guy with your talent? Strange!
denim, i have always loved your commentary, your sarcasm reminds me so much of one of dennis millers long winded rants!
Love the table! Totally awesome. I agree with Scott though… way too big of a round over :)
Denim! I was skeptical at first but man this turned out incredible. Probably one of the best things you've built.
Thanks for making my day with this video! :)  Would be nice to see a tabletop with wood/denim and epoxy maybe?  And yes we are also sick of the cardboard furniture from IKEA, we only go there to get free pencils.  Greetings from Sweden!
DENIM  I'm a clothing designer: The denim gets "fuzzy" as you put it because of these three reasons: - Almost all denim fabric rolls coming from suppliers are coated with a starch or with a softener to be more appealing to buyers.  - The Denim you used has 1-5% elastane woven in for stretch. When you overheat elastane it becomes very gummy and soft. The epoxy could've overheated the elastane.  - Denim is a woven material with the warp threads showing and when put through the planer the sanding/shaving down will cause fraying which will pill and feel fuzzy.
Who got the list?😂
You do you.  I'm down for whatever. It's the subtle humor I'm here for
Denim. Next time you should try not leaving any flat tops on the wooden pieces.  That’ll give you more figure and eliminate those islands.
Damn I was skeptical at first but this came out sick.
More denim
Denim, it's different and cool
You are my go-to channel anytime I want to watch a video of someone making a denim epoxy table!
Denim. Just little dots. The whole thing.
Denim. Love all of your projects 🌹
Yes to Denim
Denim, I really love your tables. It is inspiring me to try a table top. Keep up the great content!
If I wasn't already subscribed, I would definitely have subscribed for the weird botched breast augmentation part
I like it and I know you already know but i can see the level of quality work you put out is top notch
Cam, Damien Anderson here.... You are a how to, a true teacher however you, like many others can be a "how not to". There is no such thing as perfection and we all have our own methods. You can't teach us everything and sometimes, we have to learn (sometimes painfully) on our own. Hence the huge logo in my shop.. "RIP & TEAR....Until the Job is Done". Glad to see another video and hope all is well. Going to be ordering one of those one on ones soon!
Denim!  Great Design.  Also the best way I've seen someone handle those Damascus Sheriffs.  Well done!
I love it, looks absolutely amazing
Not to be that guy, but technically Bob Ross has the lock on denim and YouTube. But we can easily give you second, as long as Bob Vila stays in his lane.
Denim. Really unique look, should definitely experiment some more, you mentioned you already had some other ideas while making this.
Johnny Sins a woodworker now huh
Denim!! This pattern turned out so gorgeous, I would love to see a fuzzy table without the finish like you mentioned!!
Denim- I would love to else more denim projects. This table was beautiful!
Denim. This is a really cool piece and I would love to see how it can evolve. I think it would be really cool to do this with coloured fabric like drill in contrasting colours and also experimenting with more than 2 colours. I love colour and think this could look really pretty with rainbow colours.
I’m an engineer, not an epoxy denim expert ;) so can’t speak to that specifically, but for similar “infused-fiber” composites like fiberglass/epoxy, it’s just the mechanical action of planing/sanding. It rips the fibers free. Very little you can do, other than what you did… put on another thin layer :)
Denim? I think the finished product is lovely, but I'm still not sure if it's something I'd make furniture from! I love the results you've gotten, though! Since I discovered your channel I've been here for the crazy and absurd, and the simply beautiful - and I love it all. Keep being creative!
Denim. That's art bro.
I must add, Your not just a woodworker, your an artist whose canvas is wood, well now Denim, ivory and what next, but anyhow, the faults you find are never going to be faults to the owner, I'm an old high end marble tile guy and I had many of job  hours laying out hundreds of pieces to get grains to match, then after countless hours looking at it thinking this whole things crap and I hope I get paid, only to find out the homeowners LOVE it, it's a work of art, they never expected this,  can you do their sunroom, lol..
Denim is Nooice! 😎 STOC
That's a sick f'in table
So glad I can enjoy your channel without all out the politics ❤ I didn’t know a thing about word working however I’m starting to learn more & more it’s a real joy to just watch and especially exciting to see the end result. You’re very talented and creative keep it up.
Denim.  I think that looks really good.  Better than I expected it to turn out.  Nice Job!!
Denim - This was great, although I might have wanted a black base. Would love to see one with the dark and medium blue instead of the dark and light.
Denim! do not search for minifigure #71946 and go to images
Denim , time to make a denim base, denim water fall table , make it all , some one will buy it . Not me but some one will
Denim It's a nice table I like how it turned out
Cam's channel if it was the 80's...Denim, who doesn't love the 80's?
More denim! Love how the table came out.
More denim. I think it opens more options and ideas for you
Loved the denim look and the finish didn't like that base should have made it more of a sturdy table look, personally 🤔
Denim! I enjoyed watching you work with this. Cool stuff!
Denim, the topography looks so cool. There is so much potential. You could use different colors that would be neat, even other clothing materials. *Would be neat to see the Damascus style as section through the middle of a regular denim piece.
You should wash the denim first to get rid of the sizing, corn starch. As you know epoxy does not like corn starch all that much if you have ever tried to epoxy mat. I can understand why you call it Damascus but being fabric it would fall in the category of Moire because of the pattern. You can hate me now.
Do a small sample of your Damascus Denim by prewetting each layer of Denim before vacuuming?
Denim:  I really like it.  If i win the lottery this week i'll definitely buy it.   Looks great.
What do you feel about people who tell you that you use too many conjunctions. The transcript of your videos are basically one run on sentence. Just giving you shit, love your stuff man.
Looks awesome😊😊😊
more denim
ALL  I  CAN  SAY  IS  THAT  IS HOT, SWEET, GREAT  !  !  !  !  !        I think you gota GREAT TABLE !  !   SELL FOR  BIG $                                                 TAKE  CARE   WHAT  YOU  DO  IS  AMAZING
You made micarta........
jeanner table jable jesk
RED DENIM NEXT
DENIM!  Beautiful! I buy jeans at yard sales and make bags or quilts with my domestic sewing machine so it was odd that youtube suggested your channel. I'm glad it did. Stunning table and denim being 100% cotton is a great natural fiber for many many art projects. I hope you do more.
Denim! While I cannot see one of these tables in my house, I am thoroughly enjoying watching you make them!
Denim.  Looks great. But I left $17,000 in my other pair of jeans.  Where are they…🤷🏼‍♂️
Man it turned out great. I love the character and even just doing a smaller version with a couple redwood sides for more of a personal desk would be sexy
More denim please.  Much cooler than the last table Cam.  Keep it up !
Denim is definitely going up be a new trend!! I think this may be my favorite table so far!! Love your humor!!
What a highly skilled way of telling people to f off.  Love it.
Denim :)
Denim! That’s amazing 🤩
Denim is a great material,  also there’s a guy in the UK that makes denim micarta eyeglasses, he might have some insights or tips for you
Do you have a link for the invisible oil?
❤❤❤
Whats the difference of this and a phenolic or Micarta? 🤔😅
If anything i think we should rename old Damascus, im all for calling it valerian steel.
Denim might be the wood of the future.  That is if there is anyone else with the talent that you have to make the impossible, possible.  I love it.
Denim: this would be quite interesting to see with a brown, green, and a light grass green. I’d imagine it would kind of look like mountains, but who knows.
Hi Cam. I am a PhD in materials science. I would suggest the surface remains fuzzy because when you plane it, the blades tend to more deeply slice the rigid epoxy matrix than the pliable epoxy fibres - this because the epoxy is readily cut without deforming where the blade hits it, but the fibres slightly deflect or compress before being cut. - It might be similar to what happens if you try to use a sharp but not perfectly honed razor to cut some hair off your forearm without pressing it against the skin. The hair would bend slightly before being cut, and then bounce back to a (slightly) greater height than your intended cutting height.  - If you rapidly freeze the entire table by submerging it in liquid nitrogen and then cut it you likely would not have this fuzzynes!! Or maybe if you use a non-textile fibre of similar rigidity to the epoxy.
Carbon fiber damascus table next?
Denim.  Loved watching the "grain" appear with the finish application.
Denim, definitely.
Denim. That’s a cool table cam. Working towards this being my daily job as well. Almost done with the wood shop on my new house
Denim. I have a somewhat crackers idea for you. What if you used layers of denim, rolled them up into cylinders or "denim logs", twisted them, and then epoxy-ed them to create epoxy denim twisted logs. The chop those logs into discs and made the table top out of those discs. Could possibly even use this to make the legs?
Not sure I like such a square base with such soft wavy lines on top, BUT the patterns came out AMAZING!!!  Fairly random compared to what it initially looked like (espeicaly those really small pieces grouped together... they turned out unexpectedly different.... and psychedelic too lol)  I think it's beautiful, and is a GREAT 'experimental' piece...  and you now know what to expect from different spacings between the pattern underneath... but I think you missed a HUGE OPPORTUNITY by not varying the height of those blocks underneath... you left them all at the same height, and this didn't 'stretch' the the distance between the different layers. And that's why each of the 'shapes'  has the same 5 lines with the same exact spacing surrounding them. And on the long 'straight'  shapes all have those 5 long 'straight' lines too.....  - But if you varied the height throughout the shape (let's just use one of the long 'straight' shapes on either of the ends, just as an example) where ever the height was lower, those 5 lines would bunch together and when the height was higher they would spread apart.  - And this way you would have a bunch of 'white/light' islands that stand out, kinda like they're all being circled and screaming "look at me" ... like you're circling a wanted ad in the classified a bunch of times.... I  guess you could say that there would be more variation... more 'chaos' so to speak....  There's NOTHING WRONG with the way it looks, I'm just trying to give you an idea of what would be different with a height variation..... -  I don't wanna make a REALLY LONG book of a comment, so I'll leave more comments instead... that way there's more of a chance you'll actually see one of them LOL! AMAZING JOB! WOW!
AHA 90 011th
Denim. Now it's time for carbon fiber.
Denim, looks great
Denim. Fiber Glass Canoe finisher here. Just wanted to say that we use paint rollers with our resin all day everyday and only replace the handles about once a year while the rollers themsleves get replaced about once a month. The trick is to keep a bucket of acetone on hand to store and clean your resin tools between uses. Just make sure the tools aren't made with any materials that will dissolve in the acetone.   PS: I love how clean your bunny suit is. Like our rollers we only replace our suits once or twice a year, they look really interesting after a couple months.  Edit: I know acetone is super expensive but you can reduce the cost quite a bit by distilling your dirty acetone and reusing it.
Denim.   This is my first time commenting on this channel.  Multicolored or alternative colored denim would be epic.  A cherry red would be cool AF!
Denim. Keep being creative. I love all of your videos but especially the more wild ones like the scorched tables or mammoth tusks
Where did you get the blue trees?    j/k Very nice.
Really appreciated you showing the brief decision-making process around the small round pieces at the beginning. Anytime safety is an issue on the internet you're either being lectured about how you're a bad person for not testing your fire extinguisher monthly, or you're watching someone try to become the first skydiver to master Lichtenberg Burning in freefall. Nice to see a real person weighing caution against irritation and making the right choice.
Denim. Maybe for the next one try doing a less random design. There are a bunch of different styles of Damascus I've seen where you can bring out certain shapes and patterns. Maybe something like that would be cool.
OMG, I love the first three minutes of the video where you level set the expectations of the YouTube crowd. Keep up the great work, love all the content.
That's freaking awesome looking!
Denim - am I the only one thinking you should have called this a "Denimascus Table"?
No it’s Mokume-gane 😂
Denim. I like the 7/8" round over honestly. I think the 1" would definitely be too much, but maybe a 3/4" would be good too.
No denim. More wood
No denim - really doesn't work for me, unfortunately.
DENIM! This is probably my favorite work of yours. I love the patterns and the boobs are a nice touch. would be very cool to see a black and gray top with a black metal frame base  Keep it up Cam!❤
Denim for sure.  The price, however, is a bit out of my range Would love to see more denim tho’.  There are better and probably a whole lot cheap ways to build a guard system for the epoxy. I’ve seen on other channels people using thick plastic pieces to build up side walls as well as bottoms. Held together with big screws. Not sure, cause I’m not this kind of creator, where purchased but I’m sure you’d find a way to get it done.  Love your art.
Demin - Really like the finished project. You might consider doing something similar with different shades of canvas/khaki or put in a few bright colors.
Cam you know that you can get white denim or a lighter colored denim And dye it Any color, I would love to see a blue And Orange or purple and gold/yellow Denim Damascus table. I chose these colors because they are complementary colors on the color wheel and I guarantee you your thumbnail of a blue and orange table will pop
Denim or no denim, its up to you. We love everything you build no matter the material. We're here for the  entertainment brother, keep up the good work.
19:35 😁
Denim, I love micarta.
DENIM! Wow! I'm not big on leaving  comments but I must say that I am truly impressed with how this table came out. Keep up the amazing work , maybe try a tabletop with coloured pencils standing on end? (not only would you make it look amazing, but the thought of you growing your hair back just to pull it out would be fun) LOL
This denim project looks like it was absolutely fun. I'd love to see more. I found myself wondering what it would have looked like with all three colors of denim in it.
Denim. Patio furniture
Denim!  OMG I love it!  Well done sir!  More denim please.
Denim! That turned out absolutely gorgeous!!! Love it!
More please
Denim. It would be so cool if you rolled up the denim into a log, so when you cut it into boards, it would have grain identical to actual wood.  A slab table would probably be unreasonable, but a panel board top would look incredible, especially with the end grain showing the denims "anual rings"
I want to see that table in person, like right now!!
Agent 47 look. you just need a black suit
Waoo
Denim definitely! I don't love the design so much, in particular the round shapes, but where the more linear elements meet with more pointy bits it's more exciting...but then I never wanted to be on a softball team! As proof of concept this turned out really well. Also props to Cam.❤
i can't be sure, but my gut is telling me that maybe something about the liquid physics of the epoxy means it can't entirely soak into and impregnate the denim fibers, so it's only coating the outside but not the inside which makes it get fuzzy when it's sanded/cut? either way looks amazing, seeing another video from you was a great start to my wind-down time after coming home!
Denim ..  looks awesome...
Cam said the f word!
Hey, Cam!  It's all over the internet how you have the largest Damascus Denim Table channel!  Congrats!!!!
More denim! Maybe some wood denim combo!
Denim! Absolutely.
Denim is cool also I despise it when people are like "eeeeerm achtually the correct term is". When in reality we all know what they're talking about and nobody cares.   Also that "fucking" 13:41 actually made me laugh, caught me off guard.
Denim! Do you think it would be possible to make denim “plywood” (plydenim?) and use it like you would Baltic birch?  If so, for the love of all that is good, please make an entire kitchen of denim cabinets.
Denim! Love these experiments!  The Damascus look would be amazing as a headboard for a bed.
Cam, I really enjoyed this project! I think that a black and gray variant would look amazing in it's own way.
Denim ! You clearly look like agent 47 / hitman when you sit at this table !
Denim, would you buy your miter saw again?
DENIM!!   Great looking project!
Denim! I love your videos and how you just speak what you fell lol.
I love this table it’s look so freaking awesome
What are Super Mario's overalls made of??  🎶Denim denim denim🎶
Denim!! I love the psychedelic look! Hope to see more of these!
I love the new material :) I always enjoy when any artist or craftsman decides to use materials in a new way.   I myself have often told a HomeDepot person asking if I need help that "No, I am looking for something to use in a way no one intended" I think it came out great.
This looks so good!
Denim. Or maybe you could take it a step further and make a table out of khaki cargo pants (pockets included lol)
Awesome work! Love it ❤
Excellent job!
Denim. Great work
Denim! Your creativity never ceases to amaze, I totally love it!
I like the table, well enough, and as a long time fan of the channel, I appreciate your sarcasm and snarkiness as much as your incredible craftsmanship.
Any good wound nurse could've helped with that vacuum leak.
Can you link the epoxy mixing bit you use? Thanks!
Yes denim!
Have you seen mosevic denim sunglasses? They are sick looking and I think that a brass stand would look really cool
Denim look fantastic. Keep experimenting.
Denim. that's all.
Denim, 👍
I wonder if you could get someone to CNC rout a slab of MDF into something like a topography map of rolling hills to get the same Damascus look in a more gentle, smooth way instead of the denim just being pulled down between those hard islands
I would experiment with different ways of putting wood underneath, but that just changes the pattern on the top. And while I would prefer a different pattern, the over-all product is still beautiful. 👍
Denim As someone whose never built a denim epoxy table, i can tell you exactly why it gets fuzzy. The denim gets fuzzy because, it just do. Boom science
Denim and that’s badass brother👍🇺🇸
I wouldn't have defended the guy who gave you a hard time until I heard you say what you said. We each get chances to take the high road every day. We get to decide how we're going to do that. I don't hope bad things happen to you but I'm not going to watch any more of yours videos.
Holy crap, I needed your commentary on the comments so much today.  For some reason I ended up scrolling through a bunch of FB shorts and, without fail, ever first comment was the pedantic idiot/ complainer/ know it all on EVERY SINGLE VIDEO.  It was both infuriating and mind boggling at the same time.
Too big of a roundover - listen to Scott.
Denim for sure. Super creative
Denim for sure. Dig it man, well done. Totally agree that taper was pretty aggressive but its beautiful.
Denim, is frigging Awesome.
Denim denim denim. Cam, this is sooooo sick!!! also, you’re fkn hilarious 😂
That looks f*cking AWESOME!!
IKEA also probably can  save half of the production costs by simply making 250,000 of a shelf or table or couch... never underestimate the scales of economy when you go into really big numbers of production... A normal woodshop can never get close to what they need in personnel effort per piece as the IKEA process is meticulously planned to work with machines, repeat simple steps a lot of times and use lower wage workers.  A guy owning their own woodworking shop cannot do that for series of one or 3 pieces and will need a lot more per hour than what IKEA plans with.   DENIM. I like the general pattern, only thing i'm not crazy about is where it looks like chuffed jeans at the edge nearest to the camera during the final reveal, you seem to have stopped sanding at a bad place in between two laysers just in those two areas...  the sides and the other blobs look much nicer.
Denim
I eat cereal on a folding particle board table in my 1992 RV
Hey man. I just wanted to say, as a wood worker, I have enjoyed your denim table videos WAY more than your usual walnut and epoxy tables. While there’s no denying the natural beauty of walnut and how much it’s highlighted with epoxy, I really enjoy how creative you’ve been with  these denim tables. Shows more skill as a wood worker and a craftsman, IMO. Plus next to wood work, denim is my favorite!
Denim, class table. Love the innovation!! The plain base looks lovely as its ‘plainness’ compliments and highlights the table top. Beautiful!!
Some denim (not a huge fan of the look, but it's interesting.)  What about sloping the tops of the wood lumps? That would potentially shrink the big solid single color splotches in the finished side.
Denim fo'sho! I really dig this style! 🤘😎👍
Denim.  Simple amazing.  My guess is the fuzziness is because the epoxy can’t actually infuse the fibers of the denim, but rather is just encasing those fibers.  Fiberglass is hollow and wicks the resin.
Denim. I like the variety in the channel
Denim! Perhaps next time you could wrap your knuckles against the denim so we can hear what it sounds like. Different woods have a different sound, so it might be interesting to hear the 'hardness/qualities' of a finished denim table. I also need to get a life in the meantime...
Denim! that is all
Denim! If you're going to make another denim table where the denim is unfinished, it might be cool to make a poker table so you can take advantage of that natural fuzziness
Denim!! I love your work but will never be able to buy a piece!! Keep up the good work!!
I love how the circles squish together in some places to create star shapes.
2:07 THATS HILLARIOUS!
try a mosaic damascus denim table next,  idk how good  it will turn out but i think its a good idea
"Nobody likes you , and we all hope that bad things happens to you" ... -Cam  Quote of the year
Do you use a freight broker for shipping?
Denim ✅
Denim for sure!! That table is AWESOME!!
Denim
Denim, or maybe not Denim.  But I do enjoy the experimentation with off-beat materials.  It adds an element of suspense.
Hey Johnny did you use this table in an upcoming scene?
Being still so creative and innovative in such “age” / working such long period in one industry amazes me. Just because of that, you deserve the success ! PS: sry for my poor English
Denim. You could make "Damascus" out of Damask.
Love the table, wouldn’t want that one, hate the base (not the wood) and the runners along the floor. Would (wood? lol), like to see some more like this. also, next time try dunking each sheet of denim in a large bucket of resin and then wring it out before laying on the table. keep up the good work and ignore the nay sayers!
Denim!  I believe the “corrector” guy was referencing Wootz Damascus but that is, essentially, a lost recipe, so in modern times replicating the pattern by using pattern welded steel IS modern Damascus. Keep up the great work Cam!
13:31 caught me off gaurd with the f-bomb but so damn true
Great table, more denim
So... If you can make a table out of epoxy + anything, Can you make one out of book pages? Or do you need something that offers suport and bonding (like denim fibers)? Is it done by someone else already? I have a picture in my mind and it looks cool in there, but i have no idea if this is feasible.
Denim! Love this table, unique and interesting!
Denim.  Super wow. 👌
I love this. It might be my favourite project on your channel. Try other materials, not just denim but silk, cotton, even leather!
Denim! we want more Denim!!
When are you going back on tour with TOOL?
Glad “cement” wasn’t on that list.
Canadian Tuxedo ftw!  That's a sick table.  Love it.  Keep doing weird crap.  It's working. :D
Denim. Definitely more denim. It looks gorgeous. Maybe you could make a denim" river inside a table? And I look forward to the use of other textiles. Fast fasihon is stacking up to be a big problem, this could be a really good way to upcycle clothing scraps.
I discovered you a couple weeks ago and have been binge watching your videos when I get to work at 3am, I will need to go back and watch some again because I can't stay awake which is no reflection on you just having sleep issues lol love your work and I'm learning alot, thanks
Denim but next time with letters, shapes or numbers where the plywood islands where on this one.... layers of different coloured denim? To hang on a wall instead of being a table top?
DENIMMMMM.    It would be super cool to see you use long triangle pieces, give you less surface area(the bubble spot). Maybe the slanted sides of the triangle will help bring out the layering, which you make shapes and designs with the pieces the denim lays on. I mean may as well have fun with it any way lol. This table was amazing, seeing the finished product was pretty insane honestly.
No denim…. It’s cool and all, but I like wood.
When a veteran YouTuber gets bored
Also look up micarta finishes that basically what this is you can polish it and finish it with an oil which is of my favourite ways to finish it
deniem we need more
denim, more denim.
Denim -  I didn't have high expectations for this project, but I'll be damned if that table doesn't look fantastic.   Can I recommend adding some color to the denim selection? Some bright reds and greens in there and you've got an interesting tie-dye pattern.
😆 2:24 simple semantics it's a passive aggressive way of saying hello 🤣
Love it!
Denascus?
You sound and smile like Grand Thumb. You guys could totally be brothers
Denim or whatever new journey comes next!  Please no more plain roundovers. Please concider or try a molding bit. Simple round & step can be such a nice accent on edges. ^^
Denim. You looked like a James Bond villain sitting down at the table, at the end of the video! Love the experimental content, as always, Cam!
Denim didn’t realize I wasn’t subscribed but now I am
Denim.  Just kidding, you should start playing with duck cloth.  Also, as a knife steel snob who also gets tired of the Damascus cult correcting everyone, start calling it "forged micarta" and watch them lose their sh!+. Lol
that color popping out on the finishing is so crisp
Denim or no denim, that is the question. Love your experimentations with it, but I also love all the wood as well.
A very cool project.  The little differences in the color/pattern that you didn't like are fine. It's almost as though you were looking for a consistency in the denim layers, resin absorption, color contrast that is never going to happen. Denim dyes, fabric weave and all the other variables that are present will guarantee the variegated effect. All in all, a great result.
Denim looks 🔥.  I was not a fan of the smaller blots. I would be really cool to see you mimic a specific pattern, like twist, raindrop,  or feather Damascus.
Such a better/easier table as opposed to the last messy version! It looks amazing and you are a wonderful woodworker.
The intro was enough. Absolutely ingenious 0:25
Denim.  Really love the look.
Denim, it looks great
not gonna lie i absolutely love it ! when you first put on the table top epoxy i was sold !
you put a $500 table top on a $20 table stand
Denim. I saw that the bottom of the table was completely smooth, how did you go about getting the wooden patterns out and flattering the bottom??
Oh yeah, it gets fuzzy because the fibres of the denim arent great for soaking up epoxy and the sander breaks the epoxy up before breaking the narural cotton denim so you get fuzz. I really like the idea of composite tables. I repair wind turbine blades and see this domascus pattern sometimes except when i see it it means big problems in the blade that need repair.
denim love the use of something new to go along with wood you should try felt or flannel love the videos cant wait to see what you do next
I like the fabric use and kinda interested in maybe doing a quilted look with some of this denim and epoxy stuff
My 96 year old mom and I love it.
If you would use your creations to entertain rich people instead of youtube peasants,  you could have been considered as a seriouse contemporary artist.
Would be cool to see different colored denim used instead of just blue.
$17,000.  Get your bag king! Whoever is re/arded enough to spend that much deserves the price. lol
Not my look, but it is a cool experiment.  Thanks for taking the risk.  BTW,  I am one  of those who watch you for entertainment.  I’m from a family of very handy people, but I have truly mediocre skills and zero patience, so I live vicariously through you, Adam Savage, and the Homemade Modern guy.
As far as the “soft” or “fuzzy” feel…is the denim you purchased a blend? Cotton + another fiber?  I think 100% cotton would absorb the epoxy, but the synthetic fibers may resist complete saturation. So there is still uncharted fabric lurking in your pour. You may want to experiment with different denims.
Denim. The denim table top is out of this world. I don't think it's too psychedelic at all. However, I'd really love a better base on it. I get the idea that the top gets all the attention but I think the base is too simple and detracts from the whole piece. Just my thoughts. Love the channel, love your work, you've inspired me to start woodworking again. Thank you.
I kinda like that ripple finish 👍 Maybe its some kinda Ripphledelic table 🤔😅
black / grey denim with burnt wood/epoxy top done in a chess board effect, legs from a central joint,  geometric yet somehow organic too (a bit 'Alien' like). That'd be nice to see.
Make a courduroy table!
Lol. 😂 Creative woodworking must love you! @19:33 "WTF did you make now?" Glad you left that in haha.
#denim rulez
17 k USD .. I'm in the wrong business.
u are genuinely funny
sarcasium or no sarcasium, I vote for less, nice craft but you come off sounding like a Richard nick name.
Weird about the peel ply. I do composite fiberglass repairs and peel ply always comes off easy.
Denim.  This is a very interesting build. I can see how it would appeal to a certain population. It would be nice to see other radical building projects. This technique is just getting out of the hanger there is much about this type of build. So far you are the innovator.
I like it more than the first one, the damascus effect looks real nice but I agree you could refine it.  Great Mark II though.
Denim - super fun to watch and a very clean looking table top. Could you build a steam table or bag and try it with a few layers of veneer? Def try it with different color denim or fabric... If you don't already have a thousand other ideas. Which I'm sure you do. As always, thanks for what you do.
Hey man been about a year since I've watched your vids, just wanted to say youve really gotten good at the editing and video structure since, you can really see the effort put in. Thanks for making awesome content!
I think it would be cool to make a denim table but you tear the denim into pieces and kinda just throw it into the mold. Then do the vacuum and everything else the same. Also I don't know if this is a thing but if there are different colors of denim you can get that would be cool too in my opinion.
The table top is amazing! I thought the original denim table was pretty awesome, but this takes it to the next level. While I would prefer a darker base, I am completely blown away by the top. Great work! Keep up the experimentation.
Denim - love the way it turned out.  Also looks like a lava lamp blobs going up and down (from the side view) well done
Love your work 😊
It feels fuzzy because as it is sanded the ends of fibers are exposed, similar to raising grain on wood.  Wet sanding and cleaning with water between grits will help.
the top turned out super interesting! a black metal base would have also been cool imo
Denim - Hey Cam, Love This Table A Lot. However I Think The Table Frame Doen't Really Do It Justice, Its Like Paying For Penthouse Of a 5 Star Luxury Hotel But The Bed In The Penthouse IS An IKEA Special. Simple & Looks Ok But Not Very Stylish. I Would Have Had The Top Hanging Over The Table Frame, And Added Some Of Those Metal Legs You Used a Few Videos Back. Love The Videos Thos. Thanks For The "Entertainment" lol 😄
You got to make one with different colored denim sick work. I like this one
Denim!  This is cool. Love the unique work you've been showcasing
F-bomb from Cam??13:40
Denim: this is freaking awesome!
Denim. Do it with black and white denim.
Denim! Awesome table.
Denim!  Less psychedelic would be a plus... but it is still an amazing look.
thats fantastic. without a doubt this is the best denim tables chanel i follow on youtube.
I’m very happy to see that your comprehensive list did _not_ include “peacock bass” (which is actually a cichlid so it should obviously be corrected).
Demin. This series needs a collab with someone like Levi's to do a conference table for a major jean manufacturer
I do not know why but this one looks really good. Not the usual look of a table at all.
Love your videos: The denim Damascus is gorgeous. I don't love the stand.  I'm sure you get a million suggestions, so I'll chime in.  You could have easily screwed a temporary handle on to the smaller pieces for the router table.
when you removed the plastic off the table, the wood and denim made the table look cartoony, possibly you could create a cartoony looking table one day? maybe manga style or something
Denim! Imagine the effect you could get with other heavyweight fabrics with the same build concept
Denim!!!!! This pure beauty and really showcases your skill. My only comment would be made have brass feet levellers instead of the cheap ones 😂.
Denim! Would love to see the combination of some blue shade and a brown/tan denim, like the classic Carhart color? It may also pair well with a natural wood finished base. I think you did a great job, it must run in you jeans!
Denim. Have you tried to get sponsored by a Jeansmanufacturer like wrangler and so? I bet a CEO of one of those brands could us one of those beautiful tables ;)
Denim!
Denim.......    So when you going to try your hand at building a guitar or bass?   You mentioned that a couple of times in the past.... I am curious
I make denim knife handle scales so I approve this video.
Denim - Bravo fellas. Looks awesome.
Denim dammit! Sweet table cu. No cap
Denim. Love your videos. You have given me many ideas for future projects.  Thank you sir.
😂😂😂 it had to be said
You shouldn’t wear gloves when operating your bench sander. It’s incredibly dangerous. The gloves can catch on the high speed belt and may fling you into your jointer, table saw or other heavy machinery. At which point you’ll be sliced into an unknown number of pieces.
Denim, most emphatically denim. The potential scope of options with this material is HUUUUUGE and I enjoy watching your experimental projects so more of this please! Also, gorgeous tabletop, not sure about the legs (though fitup was sweet) but that result dances a line between woodgrain and patterned steel. Be interesting to see how you develop the medium.
🥶🥶🥶🥶
Denim...loved the look!
Denim. Curious as to why you keep referring to the material as “denim” when clearly you are working with “jeans” material? 😂
denim is pretty cool
That's one beautiful table!!!!!!!. Using denim I was so surprised how well it came out. I wish I could afford it.
The humor at 2:00 was lost on me. Bye
Denim! I admit, i like the sharp rounded edges. And that sounds weird. 😅😂
I just like it 🎉
Denim. Denim is such a cool material to work with, this table looks stunning! I can see it in the office of some Al Capone mob boss. It's stunning!
LOL well ackchyually
Denim. I like the look but the Damascus style is too psychedelic for me as well. Still a nice looking desk and great craftwork as usual.
Even if it's meant as entertainment people changing the meaning of words is a valid point. I know that's how language works but your comments are the issue is worse than what they are doing and even if meant as entertainment/joke you're the one that ends up sounding like an asshat to anyone who's not a rabid fan.
denim but the naturl colour,  just after it came out of the thicknesser
Denim - It is a unique medium.  How about some (wood)turned denim pieces?
I love 💙 le bleu roi est magnifique / king blue 💙
outstanding commentary, you are the man in style ,art and it is entertaining
Thank you yes you are, and good at information, interesting, informative, and I like what you’re doing 😊
Denim
Denim! You can make more of them, they look very nice.
No denim :) Although I really liked the video as always and would like to see you try more varied materials, i just dont really like the denim stuff too much. Good old wallnut is still the nr. 1 for me ! :D Great video as always!! <3
DENIM!!! Definitely more denim! I'm very impressed by how this turned out.... wasn't expecting anything nearly as sharp looking! I could definitely see this in a NYC penthouse apartment. And Ikea would eat their collective hearts out over this.....damn well done, young man! ( Makes me wonder....how would a camo version of this table look.....hmmm...) Keep em coming!
Denim don’t normally comment but how could you not love it amazing
Awesome work as always.
Definitely denim, almost looks like an art piece, legs definitely compliment it, good choice
Denim!! Maybe not something I'd have in my house, but it's cool as hell and the work itself is immaculate!  Been watching you for years,  and I'm always excited to see when you put out a new video.   I'm a carpenter/cabinet builder/aspiring woodworker, and I love all your work.  It's been fun watching you progress and push yourself to continue to become a better craftsman, and take on unique projects like this.  The content continues to get more entertaining, and one reason is that I can see how you've become more confident in your abilities, have no ego at all, and aren't afraid to call out the haters.  Those people have no idea how much work is involved in these projects, and how much skill and patience is required to do the things you do. Lastly, the recent use of profanity in your videos shows me you've stopped trying to please everyone, which I LOVE!  Keep up the great work, Cam!
DENIM - This is my favourite table you've ever made by a mile. You knocked it out of the park with this one. Haters gtfo.
That’s not Damascus. Damascus is a limited item at Taco Bell.
denim great job very nice table
Denim makes interesting patterns, but I think you could improve it by adjusting the underlying shapes, specifically make them without flat spots on the top so you wouldn't have these larger flat spots on denim that you had to level out and finish separately. I think with this change it would look even more like a topological map.
Denim cam really liked it .also I love your videos .I think your funny .leave the haters... there just jealous.  Big love from the UK 🇬🇧
Resin Denim River Table next please (denim resin for the river)
The denim desk is great! I can't let my wife see this, though. She will want one for her new office.  And I don't know if I want to take on the denim, lol. Great content as always, thanks!
In the corrections department,  Dethaw  How, why, what, and where, and who, is the origin of this ?
I've never heard of a fluffernutter before
Looks awesome man. I was fully expecting a "denim with a bulge" pun in there somewhere.
Denim. Just going thru the comments to guess the secret word. Think I got it
More denim Damascus! This could just as easily have been a piece of wall art as a table top and honestly the design possibilities seem pretty endless.
No denim! I mean, I liked the video but I prefer the wood content
Denim, actually love the look of this not damascus denim more please. Love the channel much love from the UK
21:00 when you soak with epoxy, it's not like you're diluting two chemicals or something: the epoxy is going through gaps in fibres but the microscopic fibres are still there. So when it gets planed, that blade is going to cut epoxy differently from how it cuts the fibres... Would be interesting to see in a microscope but I guess the fibres are super strong so the blade can't cut them quite as well and just "pushes them over" kinda thing... They bend back up again above the epoxy and feel fuzzy.
Denim Right after 20 minutes just blew mw away! It went from being cool to just awesomely beautiful when the colors darkened! Love the original idea and creativity. I do thing you underestimate yourself and abilities basically every video cause you always seam to think every project will be a fail, haha you ha e great skills a d should trust your work more!
Demin , that table looks great ,
Ahhhhhhhhhh so Damascus is just a word people use incorrectly to sound cool LMAO got ya
Aaaaaa...Yea, Denim. I guess !?  Why not?
Denim ….!!  Just  happen  to come across this video. And I have to say.. That table is amazing..! I’ve never seen anything like it. But I love the trippy style 😉  I’m going to subscribe just to see what else you do. Awesome work..!! 😎✌🏻🤙🏻
Denim, at first I thought you created this project 'under influence of ...' But it looks amazing, more denim (and leather)   :-)
Denim. Awesome job!  My favorite so far.
Denim! And go full psychedelic - love that effect <3
Denim. I'm one of those people who hates people calling pattern-welded metal Damascus. Damascus has an actual definition (it's not a trade name like Kleenex). But, I have absolutely no issue describing something like a cool denim layered table as Damascus patterned. It's an apt description of the look.
awesome top, too bad yer bases are awful. :/ they never match well.
The Fan comment was on par
Love everything about the table except the roundover. It looked so sleek with the sharp edge. Still amazing. Laughed my ass off when I saw the title of the video. Best channel on YT.
And it is such good entertainment!
I would love to see combinations of denim and other fabrics
denim - More of this and any other crazy materials you think up.  Suspend a bunch of metal shavings in resin?  Throw in some rusted bits to go with it and fake wood grain using a technique like one of those Japanese sand gardens.  Go nuts.
Definitely Denham! That table needs chairs to go with it! A seat and back with molded areas for your butt and back would me amazing!
Erm, Ackchyually "Damascus" refers to: .... Nah, but for real, I like those guys. Not only because English is my second language and is great to learn more nouns an else, but because in any craft there are a lot of synonyms and ways of describe the same tools and techniques, and more often than not, knowing the "correct" (there are many of those) term for something makes easier to find old literature about the topic which is great for learning.  Go on Ackchyually people, we hate you but we need you. Btw, did you know being pedantic refers to those eager to teach and later become synonym of ostentation of academic bs when they become "influencers" of the middle ages? Prolly not exactly like that  but I love to be pedantic about it.
Love this table .  Great Job 👏👏👏
I can't help but think those rounded "fishbone" and circle wood pieces could lead to a new style project table.... heck I want a bunch just to mount to the walls of my kids play house, they just look fun.
lol throwing all the "hot" words into the title love to see it
love this, but what about how shaky the base was?
Wat
Bro… FINALLY!!!!!! Man I’ve been having absolute serious withdrawals from not having a new video to watch. Once I’m finished working for the day I’m gonna kick back, relax, and enjoy this masterpiece.
The epoxy probably gets fuzzy. You cut off the sheet and individual yet epoxy coated fibers pop up.
Super cool... it looks a lot better than I thought, better than wood! 10+!!!
Denim, Looks really cool,  different coloured layers of bright denim would make an amazing psychedelic top.  Great work as always. Thank you.
Denim. I love its simplicity, and its elegance. It would be Interesting to make some live edge pieces and then add black epoxy to make some kind of table.
Loved watching the progress of this table. I'd love to buy it but it's way out of my budget. Keep up the good work Cam and I'll keep watching. Love your work.
@BlacktailStudio - I think a Carhartt brown canvas table would look freakin awesome, and would fit to your style... until your wife pleas with you again to change it up
Denim, definitely Denim!!!! I love the way you used the wood to create the layered "Damascus" look, and there are so many different patterns that you could try. One of my favourites is raindrop Damascus. The way it's done with the steel version is to drill random holes of different sizes and depths across the whole peice.... in your case, I'd use a sheet of plywood that you could drill the holes into or use a CNC so you can contour the holes for a more natural look. Something that might look pretty cool would be to start at one side or end with a lot of holes and slowly decrease the number until there aren't any holes at the opposite end/side from where you started. You could also try this diagonally 🤔 I'd love to see how this would turn out!! 😊👍👍👍👍👍
Denim for sure
Man, this is the greatest work I’ve ever seen, god bless🫡👏
Denim! Try black/white. Very psychedelic!
I really like it a lot
11:58 is that a ELS CS2 refence?!?
Short answer to why the table feels fuzzy after sanding. Because engineering polymer density, surface tension and closeness of twisted cotton fibers. No one ever understands the long answers.
we all like the jean look its in the culture fr 100 pls years. LOOKS TOTALLY AWSOME!
1:35 imagine getting this triggered by a YouTube comment that weeks later you're still thinking about it and moaning in your next video...
What the fuck did he make now?!
Denim!  That looks great.  I think you need to roll light and dark denim into a big epoxied "log" and then mill the log into planks and make a table out of the planks.  OK, just kidding.
That denim DAMASCUS table is straight up bad ass!
Denim...boobies!!!
Denim, I think it would be a great troll to put pants on the legs Incase someone wants even more denim
Denim. I genuinely made a quiet yet heartfelt "woah." sound at the first application of finish.  Feels like you've always been building up to this, like it was in your jeans
(Denim) You know I think this is the first time I have heard you curse. Maybe you do it so rarely I just do not remember. I love your craftmanship but not a fan of the denim look. You do you bruh!
What if it identifies as Damascus?
Outstanding! you mentioned the word psychedelic in your video which got me thinking... tie-dye? now that your can kind of plan what will happen during layout, what about a tie-dye pattern.
Denim 100% it's so cool wow. I wish Ikea would sell tables even 5% as stunning as this table 😂. ❤
Denim is COOL!
17000 seems a little steep to me. Amazing job and it looks cool too but a little pricey imho.
Denim- Black and white corduroy
lol loved to creepy stare at the end. Turned out great! I like that oak and denim together. I’d be happy with it. Been eager for a new video and it was a joy. Thank you
Denim! Pls continue 2 do denim, maybe try to mix other material... wood dust, just an idea.
Denim. I really like these tables. I think making one with a burnt wood base would look good.
Phenomenal 👏👏👏👏
Denim definitely more Denim. Lol
🎉fun🎉
Denim for sure! Also, love the Pasley look to it!
I’ve always been irritated that people use the term damascus when it’s pattern welding, so I understand the commenter you mentioned. I’ve never called anyone out on it though because I know how whiny people get about things. Also it doesn’t really matter too much, because pattern welding is just an artificial attempt to replicate the look of damascus.
Some denim.
If anybody was curious, that list of genericized name-brands was:  JET SKI BUBBLE WRAP ONESIE JACUZZI FLUFFERNUTTER CROCK-POT SEEING EYE DOG BREATHALYZER ZAMBONI CHAPSTICK KLEENEX ASPIRIN HOVERCRAFT PING PONG JOHNNY SINS POPSICLE Q-TIPS ROLLER BLADES SCOTCH TAPE DAMASCUS SHARPIE LAUNDROMAT ESCALATOR REALTOR BOURBON MOTH TUPPERWARE ZIPPER VELCRO WEEDEATER WITE-OUT BAIND-AID YO-YO TASER X-ACTO KNIFE DUMPSTER CAM FROM BLACKTAIL STUDIO NOVACAIN XEROX POST-ITS OUIJA BOARD PLEXIGLAS KEROSENE STYROFOAM FORMICA FRISBEE HULA HOOP SLIP’N SLIDE WINDBREAKER DRY ICE STETSON TRAMPOLINE POWERPOINT GED GOOGLE THERMOS  Hope that helps!
Pure terror at 4:03. Routers scare the crap out of me...
I love the way u handle the negative folk lol 😂
I look forward to your second channel: BlackDenim Studio. 🤣
Denim, this looks amazing. Now you need to make a chair to suit the table
I don't know much about woodworking, I just enjoy watching (maybe someday doing for myself) woodworking. And I also think...Denim!...looks really cool.
i just love the way these denim tables look
Denim! This is the craziest, most stunning looking table I have seen in a while. Absolute props Cam, you nailed it
Its given agate slice vibes and I'm here for it! love it
Denim looks amazing. Would love to see some other materials as well, for some reason I can't get the idea of hessian, sorry forgot you're American, burlap, out of my head. The juxtaposition of SUCH a utility material would be even greater than the denim. Love what you do.
Live edge walnut with a denim Damascus river
(Denim) That is awesome - I just love the way it came out and how repeatable it would be for someone without all the woodshop tools.  Gives me some awesome ideas for a few pieces of office furntiure. Although just personally I would have preferred some lighter shades of Denim or possibly some other colors if available.  SO much potential here for future projects.  Keep it up!  Also being made out of Denim and NOT wood would make it exponentially more exportable without all the need for fumigation etc.
Denim. This is super cool
Denim
29:11 so what your saying is I should add a few drops in the washing machine when washing my jeans. Right? Also more denam content but keep it to ~1 out of every 10 videos.
Denim!! I'm So glad you did another Denim table, id asked if you were going to on the other denim build, and this one didn't disappoint. Looks great, very creative. and as always a very entertaining video to watch!! Keep em comin!!
Extremely tacky looking, sadly, but the new process you are using is pretty dope.
No Denim, while it is an interesting concept, wooden tables are far more beautiful (at least to me)
Denim for sure. Love your craftsmanship, ingenuity and great sense of humour.  I suspect that every time I take a look at IKEA furniture, I'll be having a little giggle. Thanks for sharing.
Denim! for gods sake
This table looks like NileRed’s profile picture 😂😂
I just bought a blue couch and loveseat, and this table would look really good with them.  Excellent video.
Denim... I could see a person's name being designed into the pattern as a piece of art.  Love your work and ideas... Keep em coming
Denim for sure. Consider a wood and denim river table perhaps? Something absolutely you wouldn't see somewhere else.
I've seen most of your videos, I really like the walnut wood pieces, but this one is just different. It attracts attention, it's excentric, great conversational peiece, I wish I had a house and money so I could afford and enjoy it everyday. Cam mentioned that it's psycadelic, but I would say it's a terapudical piece of furniture :) I'd love to see more projects with this material.
Denim. looks amazing. what a cool computer desk it would make.
Great idea
Denim! More denim! ❤❤
Really like all your stuff Cam. The denim I just don’t get
DENIM!? Yes Please! HERE'S A CHALLENGE:  Would love to see if it's possible to incorporate both the denim and wood/epoxy/river-table styles into ONE table, that also looks 'balanced' (Something even the wife won't reject). Either way, I can't wait to see your evolution through the denim! Well done Sir. 👍🍻
Denim for sure
You should try  micarta table
Denim. Thanks as always!
I'm not the only one that slowed the video down to 0.25x to read the list of things to not correct people on am I?
Haha i used to do carbon layup and built 1000s of bags on hundreds of odd shapes and sizes. Building a bag can be an art at times😅
Love the way the 'denim damascus' looks! Would love to see if with different coloured denims too!
Denimascus?
Denim or no denim, I'm sure you'll do something cool. Personally, I do think the roundover is a bit too big, but thats entirely a subjective thing, I just kind of like hard lines and geometric shapes.
FYI-denim and epoxy is a NIGHTMARE to work with!! Haha 😂
no denim
Denim,       When I first saw you developing your blocks for making the pattern I was remind of my mother and Grandmother making patchwork quilts.  Patchwork quilts may be a good source for pattern ideas for future denim tables.
Denim, Wow , next one do blacks. Red denim, then black and green !!!!
totally wrong defination of damascus steel.
AWESOME
Love the denim projects. More please!
Wow sooo gorgeous congrats
Denim
I think it looks lovely. Wanna see it in a brown shade.
Denim denim denim !
3:00 lol yes! And people who say "tomato is a fruit" or "banana is a herb"... There's a culinary definition, and a horticultural definition so SHUT THE HELL UP!!!
Denim! What an interesting project!
No denim
Denim yes would like to see more Denim like work's . And thanks for sharing your work's Yes
Denim. Love the table, it actually works really well with the oak legs, I'll be trying a soft wood counter top soon. might be buying that N3 nano coating for a commercial counter in a coffee shop.
Denim - Really nice look. Seriously, have you considered other material? Like a denim with a linen. The open and closed weave may create a strong contrast. But other than that really nice final product.
Denim, Hi Scott I love the table and I agree with you the 7/8th round over looks right. The ply forms that you put under the denim give you a large amount of different patterns that could be used, e.g. tear drop shapes radiating out from the center either in a standard spread or in a spiral  pattern. Also you have a huge amount of colors of material to experiment with. Maybe you could make the shapes out of old or left over epoxy to save buying ply, also like the fact that you admit to mistakes and explain your techniques and methods of build. Great video thank you.
Hmmm, my experience is working on sailboats.   I've done a LOT of fiberglass work, wood core, foam core, laminate vacuum process to make rudders and dagger boards, etc.  My daughter saw this and said she'd love me to make her tops for her night stands out of pink and whited denim.    So, I have questions: 1.  The wood base is just wood stock, not vacuum impregnated or sliced and laminated with epoxy . . . so will it expand and contract with the seasons?   Would an attachment between the table and base need some . . . expansion room of some sort because of that?   2.  I would apply some epoxy with a roller to the top of the table after sanding, then put on the peel ply.  That will take care of the blush and sanding.   When cured, peel off the peel ply, then you can add another coat of epoxy to the surface or even gel coat.   (This skips the fairing compound step I'd use on a boat, because its opaque).  It would be interesting to do some experiments.    I think maybe I'll try it . . . the table top would only have to be about 2ft x 1.5ft.
17k is quite expensive for this table. but is a luxury item so what do i know. :P
denim
It is psychedelic looking.  The boob comment cracked me up. I think it’s pretty cool though!
If you have any questions about vacuum bags or anything like that I work in the carbon fiber industry im sure most the stuff is the same in terms of laying it up
Denim is crazy when you add epoxy Lol I’ve been doing this for years. I normally make knife handles out of it, doing the Damascus idea makes a cool and very useful handle. Water proof and life proof too Lol 👍
DENIM. But also hear me out. for the more sleek designs of some modern offices. Could you do a table like that with carbon fiber sheets, and then do some metal legs like the ones you have used in the past from New Zealand. I think it would be pretty awesome for the people who are also into cars and that kind of sci-fi style, if that's what I'm trying to say. Awesome builds. I always like your new designs.
Denim!! Love it!  Do more please
I am only working with carbon fibre, not denim so take this with a grain of salt. To me it looks like you used too much resin during your wet layup. This will also make it harder to remove the film later. If you want to try something experimental you could give aramid fibers or balsa fibers a try. They have interesting colours and might make interesting tables.
30:30 Agent 47 Death Stare 👀
DENIM.  Pretty nice me thinks.  Very Unique and good craftsmanship.  I don't know about your table top expansion/contraction but my denim always expands below the belt line (smile).
No Denim. Contrary to most, but this was a great idea and it worked beautifully 👏. I'd personally like to see more of your ideas, new twists on existing or the next black swan just as you've done with denim.
30:05 more like cookie monster's eyes :))
damn, this guys has skills.
Denim!   It reminds me of a topographical map.  You could make a denim topograpical map table!
Denim! I've watched countless hours of your videos and I've recently purchased a slab of Catalpa wood for an epoxy coffee table. This will be my first epoxy table so wish me luck! Thanks for the inspiration to try something new.
so good.
I had a design back at college a decade ago to make denim helmets but i never made it into reality and never heard or saw anybody else do it, so yeah, there's a great chance you are pioneering denim/resin furniture works scene.  Also umm ... well ... i mean ... you can make a pairing chair for that ...
Lmao that guy going "what the fuck did you make now!?" When you went to plane it was gold.  The build turned out great. I really like that you're trying new things, the epoxy tables were nice but getting kinda old. Keep experimenting!
Gorgeous table. but 17 large?
Denim. Love the creativity
WTF! You're crazy. Keep this up.
For next progect with deim river table
Denim all the way! Wow that came out incredible, picking the high contrast fabrics was definitely the right call. The vacuum infusion totally could have worked given enough time, but you're a trooper for doing such a massive layup
Just thought of building a denim dust table when i saw the router dust collector comparision.
Denim, glad to see you mended your ways and used "pattern welded". The table looks awesome as pretty much everything you build. Keep up the awesome work. PS. love the "comment of the week" thing you add at the end.
This table looks so good.
I dig that denim look but what kind of time on the finish?
You have made a massive mistake. Doing this for me would have made you a symbol in the world of intellect and literature. It is so typical for someone like you to forget this. It is so typical for someone like you to use abbreviated words. I was prepared to open your world to my knowledge and share my stories and art, with you. You will forever regret the choice you just made, so I will offer to let you do this project again. If you do not, you will have to face the consequences.
You are definitely making great progress in your designs. You are not afraid to try different things. This table is amazing. Great work.
During one's lifetime one must ask - why are people making tables out of glued together jeans?
"What the fvck did you make now?", that comment in the background at 19:35 was awesome!
So Cam looks like Johnny Sins but instead of working his wood, he is  woodworking.
Denim.
No denim...... DON'T DO IT AGAIN! The 7/8 was excessive. Don't do that again either please.
Denim I wish i could afford one of these tables.
Denim. Love how unique these projects are.
Denim!
More denim!
Denim 👌
Been done before
( Denim )looks great. More denim please.
Denim.  You should try new stuff.  How about going with maroon denim - my favorite from the 70s (said no one).  Enjoy your calling out the haters.  You're work is fantastic.
Denim!!  That look is amazing!  If I needed a new table I would look to buy!
Denim.  Yes, too much.
2 minutes into the video and bro is going hard on the trolls and know-it-alls 😂😂😂. Im still waiting for the johnny sins collab
As someone who has worn jeans for over 40 years, I love the idea of furniture that reflects the look and feel of something so familiar yet puts it into a new context. I can't wait to see how the raw edge idea plays out.
Denim:  easily the best Damascus Denim video I have seen today on YouTube.
That looks amazing
That process would look fantastic using some American flags, or any others for that matter
That table top on one of those standing desk frames would make for a great desk.
Man, whoever thought of buying denim by the roll is a genius, surely no one would ever start by just buying jeans
Denim, make a denim bar please so I can copy your methodology and save thousands. Thanks Johnny Sins.
Denim; agree with the touch too psychedelic for me. However, I absolutely love the way these tables turn out.
Dude is coming out here hard with the insults to the haters.  Good on you!
Denim! Keep posting more content!!
I would love to see more Denim tables.
Love love love the top denim look.  The frame cheapens the whole piece. Please consider making a different frame. You have such awesome wood working  skills that I’m surprised in this one.
Denim! I think it's so unique and there's a lot you can play around with. Make a table with the legs made from denim. Since denim goes on the legs usually 😂
In regards to the, "vacuum bag" setup, you should duplicate the, "Baumgartner Restoration" vacuum table. Using a solid surface on bottom and only taping down a top layer reduces the potential leak points by more than 50%. The only addition for your design would be adding release film to the bottom of the work area. Release film should also be reusable so less waste overall.
Denim Damascus Patterned Welded Steel  sarcasm is the best. And you're right, those guys don't have any friends.  Great looking table.
(Denim) Cam I love it watching you fail but sometimes I also do enjoy when you succeed, I'm sure your denim working skills are above average XD The table came out awesome, keep up the great work and put Scott to good use
Denim for sure, but you putting your finger on the tiny pieces on the router table is completely “sus”!  I was totally expecting blood.
Denim! It is very interesting to watch the way you transform fabric to “wood”!
Cam:  Here's a list of 40 things you never need to correct anyone on again.  List rolls through....  Me:  That was 41!!!   lol
Denim and Leather.  Saxon comment for the algo. Excuse the 80's metal reference. LOL  Couldn't help myself when you asked for "Denim" to be left as a comment. Love the table, and hope you do more projects like it.
Denim. Very cool looking table, although I would have gone w/ googly-eyes vs botched breast augmentation.
Denim. I love the top. It’s really cool and innovative.  The base is not my favorite to be honest. I think thst the base from you first denim table is much better.  All in all great video
Denim! I think it looks awesome! Maybe next time try black denim since you like working with black. Or maybe try alternating colors of black and blue denim or blue denim and a different material like carbon fiber. You can also get different colors of carbon fiber. Looking forward to what you create next!
The top turned out great. I feel like the base was a little weak/plain, like there was too much contrast. Not just in color, but mediums. The top is wild looking (in a good way 👍)  and bottom looks like a library table. But overall, I think the denim/Damascus thing really worked.
From someone who grew up in the 60's and 70's, is there anything other than denim?
More cowbell. Also..  Denim kitchen countertops
Thankyou, Sir Patrick Stewart.
Denim  Always a pleasant surprise to see a new video drop.
3 denim projects in the books. Next step, figure out a way to incorporate the button and zipper fly
Way to go Cam!! That is absolutely beautiful! Can’t wait to come out to visit you and experience everything in person 👍
Denim.  Wasn’t sure if I’d like it it it is beautiful.
(Denim) the table looks awesome 🌴👍👍😎🌴
denim. yes you are right not every misuse of terms needs to be corrected by zealous commenters but seriously you should stand head and shoulders above that and just ignore it if you don't like it. there are comments that are insulting and those should have no place under your videos. but if someone is factually right and remains polite i believe you need to be cool with that.
(Denim) more, please.
This would look awesome with a recessed brass layer inbetween the top and base!
I think you should take it a step farther and recreate a ladder pattern or a rain drop pattern or mosaic pattern. That table turned out awesome 👍
"nobody likes you and we all hope bad things happen to you"...that really got me 😂
Wow, what a look.  So gorgeous!
Some denim. I love the table top but I think that the base looks too understated. It almost looks like an afterthought.
DENIM! Only because you asked, I don't like the round over edge.  I thought the sharp edge with the denim was really good looking (soft denim with hard edge).  The rounded edge didn't ruin the project, but it did degrade it just a bit.
Nice to see exploration into unknown destinations
I love that table top, its so clean, and made me subscribe. That being said, I am not sure I like that base, it just kind of gives me a flimsy vibe. I could be wrong, that was just my impression from the video, and not having seen your other work.
Denim
No denim but also yes denim!  I like the wood tables and think they look better, however this is far more existing and original can’t wait too see what you come up with. 💪
Denim!!
Cool table!! Scott is right about the round over-edge
How is this different from micarta?
Love your work and your commentary. Have to disagree about vocabulary — words tend to have specific meanings and selecting the specific word assists in conveying meaning. So some correction is warranted. However I get your point about brands: all facial tissue is Kleenex no matter the brand!
More denim please, or just what ever you want to make. Thanks.
Denim.  I LOVE THIS. More please.
@19:34 LOL What the **** did he make now!
That’s cool as shit! You’re very talented and I always love seeing your problem solving tactics. Keep up the great work bud!
Denim  The bits about the haters sprinkled throughout the narration. chefs kiss 😘 🤌🏽
How do you keep the epoxy from going off over 5 hours?
More Denim with more color variations.  I love it!!!💣
Denim? Hardly even knowim. Also more denim stuff! Love to see what different colors of denim will do. Congrats!
Denim 👍  ⅞" bit worked great. I'm glad you discovered vacuum bagging. It opens up a bunch of possibilities. 3D projects are now an option. Wood can be a mold to make a denim end table like the "Sun bent epoxy table" you made a while back. Looking forward to seeing your next project. Keep up the great work.
Vraiment fabuleux 👍👍👏👏❤️❤️🔥🔥
denim.  I was thinking you could add some flannel into the mix.  Red would work, but there are so many colors to choose from.  You could also add handkerchiefs.
I love the table, love to see more.  I wonder if you used a cnc router to do a relief cut and then did the "pattern molded denim" over the top of it?  Could probably do a logo or something?  Might look nice!
Next time, alternating colors?  Or how about an interesting "natural" live edge that follows the "grain"?  Might look sweet!
Denim , great idea and great table . well done Cam.
Denim...  About 2 months ago, I was in wilsonville and there was a dude that 100% looked like you walking out of the goodwill...  I flagged him down thinking it was you - he didn't know who you were...  Just letting you know you have a doppelganger in wilsonville.  Now that I think about it - maybe it was you trying to avoid the trials of fame
Denim is so cool.
Denim  I love your videos. They so very entertaining. Love your sense of humor.
Denimascus
Denim
How to incorporate zippers, rivets, gold stitching thread, and buttons?  Enjoy the videos as always,  those same people who are critical of your work would also question Jesus the carpenter on his tables….
Denim!
No denim. I really enjoy your videos and your work! I know you have to continue to push/change things to keep things fresh. Denim just isn’t for me. Again, love your woodworking content, so don’t take it as hate!
i edge to your videos
I watch your videos not to learn anything but because I love what you end up with, that denim table looks amazing.
Denim! I agree with you about the psychedelic look, but it really is a cool piece!!! 👏👏👏 Good job, Sir! You mentioned in the beginning about keeping the denim fuzzy...what about a poker/card table?
Denim. As you've worked with epoxy, walnut, denim and Damascus I think it's time for drones and avocados.
Denim! … with wood. Sort of like a river table but instead of epoxy flowing through the wood it is denim. Would also be cool to almost “stitch” the wood border with denim.
Denim! All Damascus looks psychedelic.
Denim! Also where do I buy this masterpiece! 😅
You could have called it a wrinkled hippopotamus butt. I still think it looks great .
Denim...One thing I've learned about language is that what is important isn't what is necessarily correct, but what is understood. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, who sees "Damascus Denim" knows exactly what you mean. That's what matters. And I love your sense of humor too.   Also, it looks amazing! I'm just up the I-5 corridor from you in WA and one of my dreams is to buy one of your pieces some day...
add channel locks to that list of things
On the topic of words used incorrectly   Calibur. Calibur is the ratio of projectile diameter to barrel length  What most people think calibur is is bore diameter AKA the diameter of the barrel  To defend my case I would like to point yall to the USS Iowa which has 50 cals for the main battery cannons  Another 50 cal would be the m107 anti material rifle  Or the 50 cal generic heavy machinegun  All of these weapons are 50 cals. None of them use the same diameter projectile
Denim Damascus table looks amazing, just like everything you make!
Denim!!!  This is friggin amazing.  If I had an extra few grand laying around I'd buy this.
denim layers was cool. i love how he colors popped in the end.. maybe some day try to mimic a natural wood grain.... i think that would be cool...
jesk
>>---> Idea: Denim Hard'wood' Floors, simple dado or tongue & groove. Small area, maybe entryway. Could be just a skin, or full boards. Or - Carbon Fiber flooring. Or, Carbon Fiber + Denim Flooring parquet combo. Imagine all those fatcats at their airplane hangars with Carbon Fiber & Denim Flooring in their man cave 😊
These denim tables are where I worry about the epoxy yellowing with age.
Madman. Absolute madman.
Denim, great job
Augmented breasts😂😂😂. Denim! 🥶🖤🔔👍🏻💓
Denim. I would like a rainbow colored Damascus denim but that might not sell as well.
Denim, definitely
I think you're giving IKEA too much credit in assuming their furniture is going to last until you move...  I refuse to buy their Furniture for 2 reasons... 1) I find it's an absolute NIGHTMARE to assemble - IF you can get it to go together, it rarely ends up square or level and you frequently need to glue the connectors in because they stripped their threads or reamed out the wood hole when trying to screw them in making disassembly for moving impossible... and 2) I've yet to have one last more than 14 months before the fasteners start pulling out of the wood and the entire piece becomes wobbly and/or just collapses and I've never abused or overloaded them...  I will buy IKEA's kitchenware, cups, clocks, lamps etc. (that tends to be very high quality for the price), but NEVER their Furniture...
Denim: your denim tables are so cool and you are definitely an above average wood worker and I think you have ranked up to an above average denim maker too
I think it came out great. What a really good concept alternating the different denim colors to create what is essentially a Damascus look.
Denim...more .. please....we see how hard it is ...but if it was easy everybody would do it ...
Brilliant👌
I like the denim. It is original and actually catches my eyes. I guess I like the psychedelic thing. I also eat lobster chips where I am now so don't judge my taste too sharply.
Denim! I love your projects. My brother in law, who couldnt care less about woodworking even watches of your vids! I love that you've embraced the entertainment aspects of what you do.
Not Cam calling out all of reddit within the first 3 mins of the video. LMAO
Denim.  Also, FUCK those tiny screws from IKEA
Ok, on 21:00 i saw ninja turtle....
Honey grab grab some popcorn cam uploaded!
my guess is that because the denim is being sanded down, it causes the fibers of the denim to be broken back apart leaving it feeling fuzzy
Denim and wood? Quite like the underside with plywood islands maybe experiment with that concept
Most likely the reason the table gets fuzzy is because while the weave of denim is loose enough for the epoxy to penetrate the weave, the individual threads are spun so tightly that the epoxy can't get in between every single fiber.
Denim is a very pretty material. I think it could be intresting to have different thicknesses and edge angles on the pieces of wood to vary the density of the pattern.
Denim.  Why not?
Hi. i have been following your work for a long time now. As someone who has been working on various fiberglass products for about 20 years, i really enjoy your experimentation practices, because that is what a lot of fiber and epoxy work is. If you didnˋt already know then usually in fiberglass work, molds are made from epoxy and the product from the mold is polyester-fiber. One could use epoxy for everything but itˋs too darn expensive. I would like to know.. have you ever been curious how your furniture has been holding up up over the years? Itˋs more of a polyester resin problem and epoxy is quite more resistant to after curing tension warping, but still iˋm curious. Keep making interesting work and promote work safety when using chemichals. It really is beautiful and inspiring. Greetings from Estonia :)   PS: sorry for possible grammar mistakes, not native 😅  PSS: This denim work is really nice and clean this time compared to your first try. Great work.
I loved your take on the phrase police so much I slowed the video down to its lowest so I could see your posts scroll by. I had a good laugh over that. Two thumbs up I agree with so much on this. 👍👍
Denim, you are deffo on to something.
DENIM: I was thinking pre-saturate the denim w/ epoxy ? Like soak process / remove bubbles ? Might fix those odd areas u showed at the end. INSANE build. This is a beast table.
denim that table is fantastic💙💜
Either Denim or not just enjoy your videos!!!
Beautiful table and very fun to watch. I've been making epoxy denim knife handle scales for years now. it's so cool to see a large version :-)
You madman. What's next? A newspaper epoxy table? Might be newsworthy.
Great videos!  The idea of this is inspired, I will admit. I would like to see you make something "rustique" though, as I believe you could achieve some real majesty and timelessness to the furniture that way. Not the one to second guess you, but the look of that table when it came out of that planar is way more exciting than the finished project. Not to say that sanding and gloss doesn't have its place, but the material somehow totally loses its rustic quality. I guess I represent a minority of viewers, but I am not a fan of the glossy, reflective objects. Still great work and good ideas!
denim ! 🏆🏆
Amazing, you mentioned working with other fabrics. The indigenous peoples of Central America, particularly Panama and Colombia do a technique called reverse applique. This art form is called Mola. Beautiful patterns that would possibly give you some inspiration for using other fabrics for your projects. Your Damascus Demin desk is one of my favorite desks you have made. I love watching your channel.
Denim! I just love the creative freedom u are afforded. I nearly fell out my chair when I seen 9 gallons of epoxy with the last project taking 21 or somethin. And here I’m tripping out about my 3 gallon order lol.
Love the psychedelic look, I think the base might be better stained very dark blue, to me the blonde wood does not go with the denim colors.
Denim. Keep them comming!
Denim YES! - Thanks again for the inspiration!  Witnessing your passion and evolution deeply inspires me to keep searching for my own passion-hobby!
Denim. Love it! Great work dude!!
The denim micarta table looks awesome.👍
Denim! Nothing more to say.
What the fuck did you make now is such an appropriate response lmao
Deem a beautiful job Cam
DENIM DENIM. Oh Man.....this is GREAT. MORE PLEASE!
Great work!!!
Nobody likes you 😭😭😭😂😂
As a quilter and woodworker, I love the melding of my two worlds into one Damascene whole.  The only thing I might caution you on is the belief that denim isn't going to swell and contract the way wood does.  You might be right.....but that's not my experience of fabric.  On the other hand, I never made it into a table before.  May I suggest a few test blocks stashed away in the sauna and the airing cupboard to be certain?  You look great in the double denim. :)
Hi Cameron! Just the other day I was thinking that I hadn't seen anything from you in a while. And here you are! This is a super cool project and it looks absolutely amazing. Thanks for posting this. Have a great new year. Cheers from Santa Cruz, CA.
Denim!
Denim! So glad you're biting back at the know it all keyboard warriors!😂
$17,000 for this. Wow.
thinking out side the box ! love it !
Denim, this was pretty cool. It would be interesting for you to make a denim table and an epoxy table and then try and destroy them to see how strong they really are. As well as how protective those finishes are. Do they protect from kids toys, laptop scrapes, time in a moving truck, a rough and tumble family, being stood on, food and beverage stains, etc. ?
Cam, I personally like it. How much harder would it be to make the patterns more like the popular steel patterns. like twisted, or even feather. would it be possible to form your layers and then epoxy them together?
Totally excited to see more denim, and other unique variations!
Denim- how about a hybrid top with wood?
Damascus is steel it's still  you know that that's  Laminated denim😮
You can go colored denim, make a 🌈 table 😮
Champagne, sparkling wine…Same thing.  lol More denim my man! Looks awesome!
I cant stand the techincally correct people. seth meyers calls them jackals and has a war with them. my mother in law is one, i truly like her, but every time i call a bison a buffalo she has this unstoppable urge to correct me. i throw it in now just to annoy her.
Denim. I liked your last denim table because it was cool and functional, but I LOVE this. I don't mind it's super psychedelic look at all.
Denim, loving the denim, but why stop there? could we make a table out of compressed cotton? Rocks? A car???
There is a difference between drywall and Sheetrock? Never knew that.
Love the denim work and all your videos. Can't wait to see how long it takes for Bourbon  Moth to comment" Real woodworkers don't make epoxy or DENIM tables. Take care from Canada.
Beautiful.
What if some of wood was exposed?
Denim 🙃 all the way
Denim, I could do without Scott’s presence on camera and audio. Sorry Scott.
What about “clips” and “magazines”?  They refer to completely different things so that should be ok to correct…right?
Denim  BRB, going to put some N3 nano on my Levi's to see what it'll turn into...
Denim is by far your most creative medium. just the reveal of the pattern from the simplistic layering is a great magic show!
Hey just an FYI dont ever use cloves on a router table cloves pull your hand into the blade if you touch it. Same as with a drillpress (happened to my nephew). Love your vids as always!
Denim.
The hardwax finish with the damascus kombo looks absolutely amazing. I don't know if I wanted it for my own desk though with how busy it looks. And the botched augmentation are definetely the cookie monsters eyes
Denim , love the look you could even hang it on the wall like a piece of Art.
Damascus.  Roll it and fold it and roll it again.  Just what Sarah Lee does with her pastry.
I need more denim
That looks sick mate, bravo !
I ❤ the denim and how you try New stuff. If you do another one (I hope) how about making it look more like woodgrain in a slab? It might look more organic and less psychedelic? Keep it up, I'm a huge fan 🇩🇰
Its all ways a Breeze to watch a new Video of Yours,... I have a Random thought, You´re a Woodworker, You Work with Wood, Epoxy and sometimes maybe Metall, or better now with Fabric (I Guess),... Well here the Thought: with all those Materials you gain much of Dust, so ever thinked about making a Piece of Furniture out of Saw/Epoxy/Metall/Fabric Dust,... somewhere i did see it, i think it was Frank Howarth that did that,... I really would like to see your Reaction and Style to such Upcrafting (Can you call it that,... Whatever) Sorry for the Bad English, I´m Austrian, English is not so mine :3 Still Thanks for another Great Video
It kinda looks like blue stained wood.
Less Dunham
Absolutely superb idea. Table looks amazing.
Denim!
Denim, for sure! You and DIY Perks are the only 2 channels who's videos I watch all the way through, every time. Thank you for sharing your work with us and maybe someday I'll be able to afford one of your works.
the damascus denim table looks amazing. you can play with the colors on the next piece of art
What is that face shield / filter mask?  Can anyone provide a link?  Thanks
Denim. Bring it on!
It looks amazing! Theoretically you could apply the topology of an exaggerated (3D printed) Mercator projection of the Earth underneath the denim, so that you would see a map of the world.
Denim, but we want wood also
This table is WIIILD. I want to see a sculpted Damascus denim pedestal table base! Should be relatively easy to progressively roll the impregnated denim onto a wood dowel, then vacuum bagging.
"Denim" love it, love it!!!  Even the odd places!  😂 That is amazing!  Reminds me of Fordite!!! Superb!!
Be proud. You can call yourself "The first denim/epoxy expert!" Looks cool.
denim  how about other fabrics? maybe something tough like the canvas they use for Carhartt work pants and jackets. the bonus would be that there are different colors. my preference would be the plain tan color, i know it sounds boring but maybe you could leave the texture look still visible in the finished project.
Hell yeah please do more it's very unique and original
II think the contrast is too harsh.  If you do another, I would like to see five different shades of a given color.   An option that may look good is going with two or three shades in very close proximity.  Like denim blue and ... nevermind.  There aren't going to be denim fabrics that have a coloring that is extremely close to each other.  _I'm guessing they'll be blue, dark blue, black, red, moss green, and pink._
Finallllllly!!
Denim. Or maybe no denim. I just like seeing you experiment and pioneer in the field, always a fun watch.
Denim: That look at the end, too spooky 😱 but for real Cam, I’m so interested in what you can do with fabrics and epoxy. Keep it up.
Denim, the possibilities are endless! Love the creativity and the final look is truly fantastic. Thanks for sharing your artistry with the rest of us. 😎
Denim Ok Nothing personal there no way I have it my house but that doesn't mean i don't like it and it makes change from walnut !! In the youtube world you got make weird and and wonderful things and this differently one them I love that you're now experimental woodworking channel LOL
Coolest table ever. I'd commission one if money were no object.
I absolutely love it.... I really do!... Its a truly remarkable unique job... Congratz!!!
Most accurate ikea description 😂
Very nice!
Leaving alone your talent to work with wood, I really appreciate and admire your sense of creativity in these projects. There is so much thinking going on and I think that's what makes a craftsman an artist in his own ways. It's imagination and the understanding of how to put various materials together to create a new, well fitting composition.  Well done.
Don't worry aabout the camera, Cam!  A big smille is your naturall expression.
I have been thinking about building a desktop for my desk and the denim look is great. Thank you
Technically that’s not denim  because it’s not from Nîmes France and it’s closer to micarta than Demarcus.  lol jk you asked for comments like this 😂. Turned out amazing!!!!!
You should try making an 'end-grain' denim table.
A carbon fiber table would be cool
More denim!  You continue to come up with new and amazing ideas that are fun to watch!  Keep inspiring all of us to do new things!
#denim i love it. Greatings from Poland !
Denim - opinions are beneath facts, this is innovative so it checks all the boxes, the good ones !!!! Kudos.
why did i actually read all the words that flashed by on the screen
Well I love art in all forms and understand you leaving the frame simple, because thats how you felt. I love the results of this table because I love paintings wood work and fashion. So this is also an iconic piece for a art lover especially because its a one of one ART PIECE. Keep those ideas and projects coming. But I sure would love to own that. From studying to working and creating on others ideas on it which is fun because you had an idea an executed it. So it would give me motive on also executing my ideas when I draft them on it. Much love from South Africa
Denim - stunning looking desk. Swap you  resin sphere for it 😂😂😂
Denim. It looks great!
Denim, I agree it's psychedelic but I'm going to watch whatever you make so it's really up to you. Keep exercising your imagination cam and keep doing what you do.
I would prefer a red-er looking wood for the legs/base.   Red + Blue go so well together.
What about a burlap, or tie-dye burlap table?
Denim, and more of that attitude!
I don’t think it would end up in my house, but the process is really cool and I think it would be a good selling piece. Good technique would certainly watch again.
s t u p e n d o !!
amazing table!!! wow
Denim?  Awesome!
Denim!  2:10 On the Wikipedia page about Damascus blades there is (or at least was) an impassioned note that pattern-welded steel isn't true Damascus and I just imagine some furious pedantic nerd editing that in every time. Bear in mind that I'm a pedantic nerd, but I'm also a descriptivist rather than a prescriptivist and I only make a point of explaining the history of the term when it's salient and of interest to the audience.  Either way, I am delighted to know that this Damascus denim table will make some furious pedants pop an artery.
Fantastic!
I am Groot!
My therapist: Don't worry, the damascus denim table isn't real. It can't hurt you.  The damascus denim table:
Denim! That turned out great, I was really surprised! I've always been a fan of your live edge epoxy tables but this is another level. Keep up the good work
Love the fan at 19:35 😂
Denim: fucking wow! Cam.  when you added the epoxy to take away the “fluffiness” the table came alive.  amazing!
Try some old denim jeans or a coat???? Great videos.
A regular pattern like a sand dune would be really cool
Denim? What about other fabrics?
I just logged on for the comments.  There is a F load of people NOT playing softball.
I'm hazarding a comment before finishing the video: Two evacuation ports would be best for a piece of work the size you are working on, also a catch pot isn't needed IF you do a proper job on eliminating leaks. Before you start to think I'm some kind of genius, I'm confused why that peel gave you as much trouble as it did. That stuff has always worked for me...  Also, that S-tier commentary from the guys at the shop... wish the audio was slightly higher. "What the fuck did you make now?!"
definitely do more denim, I think the psychadelic look just came from you creating a very busy-looking damascas design to test out the concept, with those big dots and all. Denim credenza in the future? I wonder if there's a market for these "denim wood" projects as a picture frame or something funky
Denim. Yet another fantastic end result, and the video had me laughing out loud several times. Keep up the great work! 👍
Denim
GIF / JIF
Epoxy will only infuse and surround the cotton fibers and displace the air within the mould, if you want to try to get the epoxy to penetrate the fibre mix styrene monomer to dilute the wet soak deninum epoxy and allow soaking for about 1/3 of the open time before applying the vacuum for final forming and this will reduce the fuzzies, never trying denim myself you may have to experiment with respect to desired viscosity to achieve complete cotten fibre capillary infusion by the epoxy for project but when you get it right the definitation between plys (pattern) after sanding will make the effort worth while. Also take more time with sealing the vacuum  bag and all fittings and you will get close to 30" or -14.7 Psi of vacuum this will make project stronger, lighter, and give more defination for the mould. Project is bespoke, need to spend more time with base for me they again for me should be in harmony i.e. Bespoke top + Bespoke base equals extraordinary project which it already is due to the incredible originality but for the future I believe with your creative genius refinements are possible maybe consider making parts of base from denim dimensional lumber you make!! Ray Stormont
More Denim, every day learning something new. This is truly a master piece of Damascus Denim. Well done just amazed about the paterns and smoothness it revealed.
Outdamn standing.  Once again you have filled my day with great talent and great humor.  You and your friendly neighborhood camera man play off of each other  with great aplomb.  Forget all of the self appointed twits that want to nitpick all of your work and creations,  just keep on doing what you do.  I'll now get a large glass of Jack Daniels on the rocks and watch your video again.  Take care and  thanks for being who you are.
denim! nice work! I wonder how a denim pattern weld would look like😅 or a scorched denim epoxy table top.
Denim, I wonder what if would have looked like if you used all three of the denim colors
NO DENIM. 30:34 you look like someone told you that denim tables aren't cool.
Denim or Kaffe Fasset?  I make quilts with this fabric (when not making furniture) and its the cats pajamas.  Or is it meow?
Denim or not, do whatever you feel like ! Indeed "true damascus" is mostly what's also known as wootz. You're right with pattern welded steel 😉 An impressive slab anyway 👍 Nevermind you don't like me, I'll keep enjoying  your work and liking your vids 😋
Denim. Cool AF
Denim! Absolutely!!!
Denim. for what its worth, professional knife makers call pattern welded steel "Damascus". as do most professionals who work with steel. only assholes who have never picked up a welder or shaped a piece of steel will correct you.
19:31 i love how the man in the background is just like "what the f*ck did he make now"
Denim...Cam I'm never dissatisfied with your table work. I feel this one is far superior to the first one you did. The finish is incredible. Top marks fella.
Denim Dude, even though it would've been entertaining, had your glove gotten caught up in the router bit, it's probably not the best course of action with regard to keeping your fingers intact.  just say'n
MORE DENIM! I'd urge you to check out the guy who makes glasses out of denim micarta i think some kind of metal inlay project would look really cool. perhaps aluminum and denim?
Denim. One more thing- you can make regular repeating patterns on your table tops if you so desire. I have done mokume gane since the 70s,  and there are lots of pattern/ texture ideas out there.
Denim cam😮
Denim the new wood... 😼awesome stuff
Denim. Would definitely love to own a table like this one at some point.
LMAO! The guy at the place with the drum sander: "what the @#$& did you make this time?!" That's how you know it's cool 😎
Denim…really enjoyed the video 👍🏼
Denim.  Not my style at all but I can totally see hipsters paying a fortune for something like that
Wait a minute! What were those 40 products again, s-l-o-w-l-y please? I want to copy them down. Seriously!
JAWBREAKER TABLE
Denim maybe great, but it's nothing compared to the "tip that hurts" comment.  It works on so many levels.  Brilliant like the $40 IKEA table.  And tying back to the sheetrock/drywall/Damascus/pattern metal comment, I asked IKEA CTO how to pronounce the company name.  He said EEEKea but all you Americans say EyeKea. I'll take a sit since I won't get picked for the softball game. Or was it basketball?
More denim. Love the rant on the demascus
Loved the look but I dont think I will ever make it. Inspired by your videos, I am making waterfall edge end table with half wood and half epoxy but this is another level and I dont think my small shop can handle this setup :D
Never though I would say that, but Denim :D
I feel like Cam is starting to lose it. Next is going to be an epoxy made from denim poured over denim with denim legs
As an illustrator, realigning the entire wood block layout to fit that one piece hit me really deep. xD
Denim. I believe that the reason your tabletop became fuzzy is because cotton is a short-staple fiber-that means there will always be fuzz because the individual minuscule strands of cotton are so short that even being totally saturated with epoxy, there will always be some that come free of the epoxy. Because cotton is a short-stapled fiber. It looks fabulous, by the way.
Denim! The moment you hit the planed slab with the top epoxy layer, the pop of colour and shine was amazing. Great project!
Denim.  I actually like the look of the composite top on a wood base more than the mixed wood/epoxy river table type thing.  I'd love to see something using canvas.
DENIM IS SOOOO COOL
Denim! Andmaybe you should put a warning on it? Do not approach when using hallucinagenics. I really love these patterns. And if you continue your explorations with these type of materials, might I suggest using different (bright) colored fabrics? Sure that'll make it POP
The denium was an interesting piece however I prefer the epoxy/natural wood.  Keep up the intriguing epoxy work.
It looks realy cool. try leafs?
Denim - fabulous table, real craftsmanship.
This came out awesome! You must've been geeking out on some damascus sword or knife making channels recently lol - I do the same. Awesome trade.
Its a clever table. I really liked it. Well done!
I think it's great. This changes it up a bit then your usual wood tables. Nice to see a bit of expanding out to other things. A suggestion, maybe layer a single layer brown or some other color of denim in there some where to give it a bit of separation to the usual colors.
Denim brilliant concept excellent table love the fact that you take a thought and make it real
Jean Damascus... Jamascus...
Denim 😅 I love these oddball ideas you have, can’t wait for what trickles out of your brain next 😂
No denim in damascus Mode. The other one was likeable.
I think that's the first (and probably last time) that I can confidently say that one of your works...let's just say it doesn't reaaaaally look that good, to put it gently  😅 Anyway it is still a pleasure to follow you, keep up the good work man
It's very distinctive and incomparable with your wooden tables. Wood is such an elegant, majestic and historical material so myself, i would've picked a wooden table over this denim table any day of the week (if inhad 10K to spend on a table). Love from Italy❤ P.S... Could someone use a glass plate over the table to prevent it from scratching or could you infuse a glass top in one of your resin tables? Just curious. Kudo's
Denim! Just denim, I love that you are not doing "traditional" woodworking
Dude, I effing love how you go at the trolls! Also love the projects. You would be the first pick on my softball team.
denim  Looks great, a true artist.
Denim. I present selvedge denim as an option for a future project material.
#denim Black and grey would look 🔥
Vacuum pulls the fiber up?
Denim. Fcuking gorgeous table !  When the correction Trolls start telling you what is and is not, you must remember that everyone online is an expert with decades of experience in everything ! I have only been working in timber professionally fo 50 years ( which includes a 7 year apprenticeship ) so I know nothing. I watch your awesome videos, and guess what ? I learn quite a lot of very interesting things, even at my decrepit old age. So Cam, point the middle finger at the trolls and keep on keeping on young man.
Loved the voice in the background when your a creative woodwork sanding the top ! "WTF ! did you make this time ?"
Denimdenimdenimdenimdenimdenimdenimdenimdenimdenim  I am ready to learn denim working from the master...just say when and I'll be there!
That base looks way too plain and looks flimsy to boot.  But the top is spectacular!
Denim!  More please.
Denim. awesome work the table looks awesome ! i cant wait to see what more you come up with !
Denim.  Maybe I'm a dogface in the banana patch.
Denim I think you need to do another patchwork table. You should patch the wood with denim patches and use either black rubber or wire to do the cross stitching. Unless when you get to the end of the roll of denim it’s the perfect size you need for a denim table.
How many paused to see the list? LOL
denim! I agree with Scott could've stopped at 3/4 but still looks great love the build.
Denim, Yes more
No denim, but this was very interesting to watch!  Do you sometimes wonder what the buyers homes look like, or if you know, are they similar to what you imagined them to be based on the piece they bought from you?
Denim seems to be a good material for a denim table.
Love it! I would probably have stained the wood very dark, myself... but that's just a matter of preference. I enjoy pretty much everything you do, so if you want to do more denim, cool!
Denim. It's different.
denim i love it
It's true, everyone calls pattern welded steel Damascus steel now because words don't matter. Also, Taiwan is part of China because words don't matter.  Nobody point anything out about this comment. If you do, no one likes you and everyone hopes bad things happen to you. Especially since it won't matter in 5 years anyway when China makes this a fact.
Denim. Now go meta - make a denim chair
Denim! Cam to your question why do you have "exposed" denim after cutting or sanding. As a person somehow working professionally with resin composites / aerospace I can tell you that it's pretty standard. In opposition to wood, where epoxy soaks into grain, with glass / carbon (or denim in this case) it rather creates a mesh bonding singular fibers. But as soon as you sand or break this pattern epoxy in this region chips away and whole polygon meshing is gone. In regular production you would use negative moulds and/or gel coat so your product surface doesn't have to touched after lamination - just trim edges and that's it. Your method at adding a topcoat is proper in this case and there's no better solution. P.S. I'm hope you'd pick me for your softball team😂
Denim!! Think about it :)
Denim, Looks good! Haven’t seen anything like it
Denim.  Cool jable.  Maybe you could use the technique to make some end jables or a jilliard jable.
Denim
Obviously this is CGI
End grain denim next? 😂
insanely surrealistic and beautiful table <3
Denim!!! MORE DENIM. Would love to see you do a denim river table!
When preparing sides for jointing can I use a table saw?
someone needs to make a denim car for Jay Leno, anyone feel free to steal this idea lol. it would be like exposed carbon fiber except its denim
Denim! Your channel is excellent, keep up the good work. My suggestion if I maybe so bold is a denim table with wood inlay. I imagine it would need to start pretty thick with lots of sanding involved on the flat bed to finally get to the wood to be exposed
It goes fuzzy because denim uses twisted fibres, the epoxy only wets the surface of the fiber. And the epoxy to denim volume ratio is pretty low. Compare that to carbon which is made of pretty much solid fibres
Denim! While I agree, it's trippy, I also think it's absolutely f*cking GORGEOUS! You outdid yourself, Cam. I love it! 💙🩵💙
Beautiful table, those off cuts would make fantastic knife handle material
Denim! These are super fun
Denim is awesome fabric! Yes do more. I love your woodworking styles and I always learn something from you. Thank you very much kind Sir!
Denim. You are the biggest wood working channel on YouTube for me.
More demin- make a world map using wooden pieces shaped like the.. world map. That'll look wicked.
When I first started watching this I thought to myself, "not another denim table!!!." However even though its not my style, It did come out really cool.  Oh...the round over was to big :)
Demin all the way!
Denim Maybe if you used the classic walnut or a dark wood instead of the ply wood and plained it right down till the wood was exposed so it would have funky wooden islands throughout. Or remove the plywood after it's cured and fill it with more epoxy then plain it down till you expose the epoxy that would have the color of your choice, probably a dark denim blue. beautiful table. no more ikea colors ;p
Hahahaha! I live for your correction of the know it alls Bro. TY. I`m good now....
it made me happy to hear the first F-bomb! (to my knowledge) im a sinor in high school right now and i plan on going into the welding trade, any advice from one tradesmen to another?
Now Cam, imagine this. On every 5th layer a counter colour, like red or gold or green. Imagine that?
2:30 The List: Jetski, Bubble Wrap, Onesie, Jacuzzi, Fluffernutter, Crock-pot, Seeing Eye Dog, Breathalyzer, Zamboni, Chapstick, Kleenex, Aspirin, Hovercraft, Ping Pong, Popsicle, Q-tips, Roller Blades, Scotch Tape, Damascus, Sharpie, Laundromat, Escalator, Realtor Tupperware, Zipper, Velcro, Weedeater, Wite-Out, Band-Aid, Yo-yo, Taser, X-acto Knife, Dumpster, Novacain, Xerox, Post-its, Ouija Board, Plexiglass, Kerosene, Styrofoam, Formica, Frisbee, Hula-Hoop, Slip'n slide, Windbreaker, Dry Ice, Stetson, Trampoline, PowerPoint, GED, Google, Thermos.
You have the best denim table channel on youtube.  subscribed!
Denim... I love the look! I'm with you, too psychedelic for me, but still pretty cool!
Denim - Fuzzy Denim - the epoxy hasnt soaked in to every fiber?
Denim.  Try some different shades of Denim and less patterns. But overall I really like it.
Denim.  I think Scott was right, the 7/8" roundover was a bit too much.
Denim…Cam what was the full cost of this table?
Denim... Love It Love It Love It
Absolutely amazing 👍 definitely more projects like this.
Denim!  Love it, wonky boobs an' all!
The botched up breast augmentation was the best that was my favorite part. Love the video and content always joy to see you try something new. Thank you.
Denim, love it!
I was really hoping at 4:45 when you were laying all those pieces out one was gonna be shaped like male genitalia 😂
Denim. Reminds me of the laminated construction paper jewelry I did for Mother's Day in kindergarten. Each student chose the shape and colors, then cut out the shapes and glued them together. The teacher sanded down the edges to reveal a layered effect. How about a construction paper table next?
Like your style, designs and truths!!!
Pretty groovy man!
Denim, definitely denim.
Denim. It's not too psychedelic for me. If only I had the money to buy it!
Denim!  The results were really cool and unexpected.  Great work sir!
AWESOME I WANT IT LOL😊
Hi Cam, Brilliant beautiful work. Very creative and impeccable high end.   Some times you run in to people that are just compelled by some hidden psychological force to correct others. Unfortunately they can't help it. There should be a twelve step program for these people. If you ever want to bring a conversation to a complete dead stop just correct someone. CRICKETS!   Now on another note what do you think of the idea to dip the sheets of denim? And then perhaps squeegee them on a flat surface and then sandwich them together? Maybe you could even leave the roll intact on a spindle and pull enough off for one layer into a shallow pool of epoxy. Then squeegee maybe on another surface and then lay it on the stack? Max  Ps You've probably already considered all these ideas
Denim, awesome build Cam!!!! 🤯🤍❤️
Wow!
Denim! I love these videos, I love the attention the detail you put into the layering and thought and sadly I could not see any of those areas you didnt like until you pointed up especially the botched augmentation which cannot be unseen.
You could have bleached the dark spots?
Denim - Love this. Some of your other ideas sound really cool. I think the sanded table still feels fuzzy because of physics. The vacuum isn’t strong enough to force the viscous epoxy to entirely permeate the smallest spaces between the denim fibers, leaving very small bits of the denim (nothing you can see without magnification when it’s wet or dry) not saturated with epoxy and therefore dry on the inside. When you sand the table, it exposes and microscopically frays those dry bits leaving a fuzzy texture. That’s just my theory, but I’d bet you a pair of jeans that I’m right.
Denim. I actually like the look of the table. It's definitely a talking piece. A coffee table would be ideal.
I understand what you are saying about like or dislike the look but it is growing on me and I would like to see you do another denim project.
more denim , a 3d sculpted picture sort of ,like the one they dose with layered plaster or paint .always amazing works 🎉
Denim more. Great job
last denim was sick. this one was real nice also. For my taste, i would have went with a black stain furniture
Denim or no denim, have liked all your projects.  With any kind of micarta you options are endless.  good luck, looking forward to seeing the next idea/product/production.
I think that looks pretty dope, might look even nicer if the 2 colors where more similar.
Denim - This is would be classified as a multi-color micarta. In my experience with knife handles, fabric micarta is always a little fuzzy when cutting and sanding. Excellent Job, it looks great!
Denim Absolutely gorgeous! No matter what you call it. What about gorgeous cool denim table? Oh and have you considering pandering to the huggers and do it with old jeans?
Denim !  For sure ! Great job. Like your 'no risk it, no biscuit' approach to learning new techniques.  Well done !
I will have to correct you on "escalator", "yo-yo", and others which have actually lost their trademark. Those terms are no longer simple brand names, and you would in fact be correct in calling an escalator not made by Otis as an escalator.
denim, we spent so long thinking whether or not we could, we forgot to consider whether or not we should
I'll say "Maybe Denim" . . . With regards to the gatekeepers of specific words, lets add to the list YouTube woodworkers (and those who watch YouTube woodworkers) that insist on calling it CA glue and take it upon themselves to correct anyone that calls it Super Glue or Krazy Glue.  Cue all the Starbond fanboys in 3, 2, 1
Please stop reading the comments.
While I don't personally know why it's fuzzy after a cut, this kinda thing has been done before and is typically called a micarta if I remember right. That behavior is actually desirable in a lot of knife making contexts for grip reasons, although you see varying fabrics used as the base material. Canvas is another common choice if I remember right. Obviously nothing like this in terms of scale though, super cool build!
denim and i think its the best table i have seen in a while please dont think your not professional enough i have rearly seen anyone better please keep them coming {much respect}
Denim! Funky, out there but I love it.
Flufferbuttnutter what now?
Jamascus Jable
Out of curiosity do you have some unresolved beef with IKEA and the tiny screws which they provide? Another great video as always, cheers from Canada!
....... Jamascus
dudes funny
Denim please
I can't wait to see what else you make with denim.
More denim! You genius. What an insane idea in the best sense of the word...
Honestly I was a bit skeptic when I saw the thumbnail, but those last shots looked incredible.
Denim. I love the combo of denim and wood! Try sticking to just 2 colors of denim like the traditional blue and the black denim.
Denim all day! Can we get a Levi’s logo in the next one? 😂
Denim! Amazing table, do you think it would be at all possible to get a similar look with a different color? Think the "fuzzy damascus" look would be cool in red. Asking out of curiosity, I genuinely have no experience with woodworking, and especially not denim working. Keep up the great work!
Denim:  😂 nobody likes you 😂  /  everyone likes Cam ❤️
Denim! It looks great for a relaxed location. I love the "grain" along the edges.
Denim! Very cool project
I actually like the psychedelic look a lot, was hoping someday you might do a whole table with just the small dots :D
Denim deffo more denim ❤🎉 just wondering tho do you get a different coulers of denim I can imagine a deep red would look great
What's Mario's overalls made of? Denim-denim-Denim... 😅 Cool idea, and I think it turned out aesthetically pleasing. Looking forward to the next project!
Denim. If you used some offcuts of your other projects for the form underneath, you could then plane it down until the showed at the center of each pattern. I think that would look quite cool, especially with a dark wood like walnut, and might reduce the psychedelic look a bit.
100% that came out awesome...... And that serious shot sitting at the desk was hilarious
More denim! Or other fabrics turned into something Micarta-like. Or maybe alternate layers of (dark/black) denim and (vividly colored) paper. Maybe roll a couple of layers into cylinders and twist them to create „stems“.
I just realized, this is just a whole slab of micarta isn't it?
You've got a Lex Luthor affect from the camera stare there at the end, Cam.  That table was stunning - Nice work and I always enjoy seeing the steps that go into making tables like these!
This looks really cool. My thoughts are, for what they are worth, even with the epoxy, you are freeing fibers when planing or sanding the piece. I wonder if it would stain if something was spilled on the face, if left fuzzy. Keep up the amazing work.
Looks good. Denim is a go.
*Denim* I would have never thought of doing this with Denim. So it's beautiful but also innovative. The table is well worth the price. *Nice job*
Well I will be the ass now and say that Damascus is capital city of Syria though whether or not the name for damascus steel comes because it was made in the city or by the smith with similar name we do not know and most likely will never know But in your defense it's easier to say Damascus pattern than pattern of banding and mottling like flowing water
Denim … more please ❤
Sorry, dimension.
Denim. Awesome. I love this and how the layers look. ❤
More denim for sure!  Also maybe try it with so odd shapes. Like making the supports or base to get like a blue wood look. Or maybe like a side table something…bigger than a table ya know!
Denim. Damn that is insane. So unique.
I love Cam, he's so bitchy. More shade thrown in these videos than a drag show.
This first go around turned out really cool! Can't wait to see how you iterate on the process in the future
While I really like the damascus (pattern welded) look that is so prevalent in the Knife community. I had a though that you could try for more of a Topographic map/pattern/look that the EDC community embraced or even try an actual topographic map ie make a denim desk with a topographic pattern of the land the desk is going to OR of a special location (birthplace, wedding venue, marriage proposal location, company location, any piece of land) Denim
I thought it looked pretty good but a little busy for me. The concept of working with denim is awesome. Theres a guy on YT who makes really nice sunglasses out of denim!
Denim
I'm here for the shit talking.
denim, thanks
For the algorithm
Denim.  Very impressive when the epoxy went on the top.  Crazy pattern; but, there are infinite variations to try.
MOAR DENIM!!!! If I had 17k I'd buy this in 2 seconds...outstanding work
Take that evil dooers😂
Thanks for the scolding. You are right, so right. however I wish you well. Now who was a dbag?
The sass in this episode is amazing. Love it.
Denim!  Turned out amazing, awesome work as usual!
This is so fucking cool! I think you’ve found your calling, mister denim. 😄
Why the hell are you not wearing a mask ?! I saw you wear it once!
Great video. You are definitely an entertainer.
Denim, always good to see something new
Stunning
you say lever like liever, and you aren't british??
Denim. I would love to see a table with a more symmetrical 'Damascus' pattern.
Denim... Ok that is cool and unique.
To appeal to the true Damascus look, find a style of Damascus that you (or your potential customer) would like…. and try to imitate that with your wood islands at the beginning. Just an idea. Well done!  I love it.   Next idea: light blue denim and black denim layer. It would be more reminiscent of demascus steel dipped in acid.
Denim always looks good!  Keep it up...Hardwood / Epoxy / Denim river table?
Denim! The plate looks fantastic! Surely the best Damascus Denim Table you've made so far :)
Denim, love the look
Haven't posted in a while here but watch every video that comes out..  Definitely was skeptical in the beginning but absolutely love this desk!  Simply amazinging!!!
Denim.
Denim table ,  reminds me of a shirt I had in 1970
Denim!! This table turned out to be amazing loved it, now that you mastered denim I would highly recommend trying to do a carbon fiber table. It's gonna look insane
Bro this table is actually 🔥
Since the denim did not come from damascus this would be pattern epoxied denim
denim: how much did it first car cost omg i googled the 2200 it was just over a grand
Next khakis
I was visiting family in Oregon this past Dec/Jan and swear I saw you at Cabelas in Tualatin. You looked busy with the staff so didn’t want to bother you. You create great stuff!
I'm going to make a total guess here and go with what my brain tells me: The reason that the denim becomes "fuzzy" again is to do with the fibers. The materials is a composite of soft but extremely strong fiber strands. The epoxy however is strong but very brittle. When you surface the table you shave off the epoxy at a consistent rate leaving a hard flat surface. The fibers however have the ability to flex and move during this process. It means that you end up with a hard flat surface of epoxy with minute variations in the way the fibers have been cut while they moved around during the planing. Any fibers that stayed slightly longer than desired would be above the epoxy level. The result of hundreds of thousands of fibers doing this creates a soft textured surface. The same thing happens when sanding very soft wood just not on the same scale.
Denim 🔥
denim I think you just invented a method that is gonna last for long, long time. Anyway gj i like it
Dye the denim a nice natural wood color to counteract the blue table you made a bit ago
Denim yeah ! Always learning what to do and not to try here. Thanks a lot. Regards from Brazil !
I like that you’ve added the Damascus crowd to your growing list of groups of people you’ve offended hahaha! Keep up the good work!
Denim. Love the content.
My favourite part of this video is when the guy says “wtf did he make now?” 😂
Your best one yet for sure! Very nice 🐱
I used to make ballistic panelling with fibreglass using infusion bagging. 30 layers of DF1400 fibreglass sucked down to less than an inch. Pretty impressive stuff.
SPLENDID AS A;WAYS
Came for the wood, staying for the denim
Denim!! Let's mix it up and get crazy!  Looks great!
Denim. More
Denim
Denim, but I'd like to see other colors of denim, NOT RAINBOW! pick a color (or 2) and stay within that color, like black and shades of red, or black, greys and on to white. Something that could look amazing is doing another Damascus, with black denim and then a gray and something  metallic gray/silver, for that metallic you could even do that by using something in the epoxy to infuse the metallic layers.
Denim, that staring at the end was creepy but also funny. Keep up the great work Cam & Scott.
Denim. Looks amazing!
Need more denim. Need more wood working. Need more epoxy. Need more sarcasm.
Denim. Cam it sounds like your getting tired of trolls! I love the concept of the denim. The finished product I felt was pretty damn amazing.
I remember the first time you played with denim, and I went to heaven! Yeah, I was in heaven. I love wood, love fabrics, love painting, sewing, quilting…..who said I couldn’t love and do it?! The first year I was ill, I had a brilliant brain exploding. I told my husband, let’s build a birdhouse. We had old wood horse barn that mostly had fallen on itself, so I was watching him walking to the burn pile. Oh, no, no..I can build stairs or trim with it. Let me come down there and see what he had. I was in heaven, after all!! And I couldn’t sleep with all this rushing in my brain…I became (yeah) an official crazy woman. I won’t bore you with details. But, I think we must be related somewhere, somehow. You must ask your wife. Oh, by the way did I tell you I was a 75 year old?    I’m lotally in love your brain and how it works! ENJOY💥
"Actually, that is not real Damascus." Looks like Damascus to me, and you are petulant pedantic pest.
Hello,, the table looks insane, I would love to see another one but instead of using these 2 types of denim, you could use a black one and a super light blue one for a cool contrast. Keep the good work, u r great at it.
Stunning !  The fuzz that you felt was the cross section of each cut fibers. During lamination fibers are encapsulated lengthwise, they do not wick in to any extent. When you sanded the bumps down, the "unsaturated" center of the fibers was exposed and that is what you feel as fuzzy. If you want real fuzzy, try making a table out of Kevlar/epoxy 😲Also the bleeder/breather was so saturated with extra resin, you where in a situation of vacuum lock in the lamination area. One way to over come that is to top the 1st Bleeder with a  film ( like the bag) and another bleeder that now act as a breather only. One more thing for your next one, use a perforated film between peel ply and bleeder, it will make the peeling process a breeze. Each layer of material comes off one by one easy peasy.  Love that you are willing to invest that amount of sweat and $ without knowing the outcome. Gutsy You! I can't wait to see what you imagination is going to serve us next.
Lol just use mattress bag. And heat seal it closed...
Denim looks amazing.  However, to be considered true Damascus denim, it must be from the Damascus region of France.
Denim. My OF1400 came with that same below base dust pickup which is indeed helpful for edging like you show. But the OF2200 is absolutely a beat of a router and I think is a good choice for what you  do for sure. This is a really interesting looking project!!
Uhhh...you didn't include sawzall in your list...
Denim. You may not have the biggest channel but I think it is one of the most influential. Love your content. Keep experimenting, always fun to watch.
The table is beautiful but to me the base is a little spindly looking. Well done. I love your spirit to innovate.
Cam! You really don’t like the furniture worlds most WOKE company do ya? Loved how you really dropped that “F” bomb with some authority! Totally agree with you mate. Not to mention they have the world’s most disgusting cafeteria. Well that’s the case in Australia anyway. Who actually enjoys that shit?!  You’ve outdone yourself again though mate. You’re not a woodworker either. You’re an incredibly talented craftsman. Seeing how pretty much everything you make is epoxy based you’re a resin artisan that just so happens to incorporate wood as an accent piece.
I see a new Blacktail video I click... Simple
Denim looks awesome. Wonder what other materials you could do this with. I agree bigger islands would have been less busy. But that was great.
Definitely denim
Denim, More denim content please. Also make that tutorial for a denim desk that would be awesome, the vacuum solution was brilliant.
Denim. No question!
Denim! There’s actually a term for this type of fabric-epoxy composite! It’s called micarta, and it’s an awesome material. In a lot of contexts it’s actually valued for that ‘fuzzy’ texture you noticed. It’s often used in knife handles, because it gives an additional ‘grip’ to the handle as opposed to other materials.
More denim! :-)
Denim!  Cam, love your woodworking and all your products.  This is a beautiful table!  The white oak goes so well with the "blue".  Absolutely gorgeous!!  👍
Denim! But that table base doesn’t compliment the cool denim table
Denin. Love this table. 🇨🇦
Denim.  Id rate this as one of my favourite of your projects, beautiful concept and beutiful choice of wood to match the denim. I wonder if a few layers of shades of Chino would make a wood-look denim damascus.
You forgot Aluminium on your list😂😂😂
Denim, what kind of hose are you using for dust collection?  Table looks AWESOME!!
While the demascus denim top is very cool, for me, I’m all about that base, that simple white oak base.
Denim!  Love it, it turned out perfect!
Nobody likes you, I love it. 😂
I swear there will always be trolls.
Denim looks great
Denim  looks great
the "What the fuck did you make now" from the shop guy got me pretty good
I've got a fever, and the prescription is more denim.
Denim  Amazing Material.  And what you make from it just gives me that comfy feeling of 'old stuff' beeing put to a new purpuose.  ANYWAY, I´m really not a fan of what you did to the corners. I like the clean (even tho sharp) corner.
Denim! I would love to see it with the legs being brass! I might have to try to buy this!  Edit: Nevermind, I saw the price, still love it though!
Denim
(Denim) What are the demensions of the table?  Cool table.
It looks very cool. Love it.
Denim but probably not too, too much. Cam, that is a really phenomenal look. This area you’re working at 21:00 looks like a blue geode I picked up years ago at The Smithsonian Museum of Natural History’s gift shop. It looks great im your home.
Denim. That's a cool table
I think the west coast life has finally infected his mind
Shoutout to the guy who said "What the FUCK did he make now?!"
Denim! Looks great! Definitely like the white oak base w/it.
Denim!  I'd love to use that as a desk.   Maybe one day I can splurge!   Keep up the good work and take care of Scott, he's a good'un.
Denim
Denim, New coulors  and patterns
Denim for sure, these are so cool. But there hasn't really been a project that I didn't end up liking by the end of the video.
Denim.  How about doing cut outs of the continents?   maybe exposing more of the wood?
Denim! This is super cool! Plus more fabrics. There are so many color combinations that would look excellent in this damascus style. You should also play around with the patterns some more. Something more deliberate and symmetrical, not random blobs.
This is so cool. So cool.
I think it looks fantastic - more Denim please!
#denim Who knew 2024 would see you transition from wood working to Educational PSAs on etiquette. I'm here for it...
Definitely more denim. Maybe try an alternate different color for layers, dark red and navy blue maybe, with some amber color wood base
Denim   🎉A+😮😊
Hello! Just wanted to say 20:51  it gets fuzzy as the epoxy can’t penetrate all the way into the middle of the cotton yarns that the denim is made from. This is the same for the indigo that the denim is dyed with, which is why denim fades when it is worn and washed causing the indigo to fall out of the warp yarns. Hope this helps.
The Denim looks great, I was pleasantly surprised by how amazing it turned out to be. Love your work Cam ❤
I SOO wish you were wearing a pair of jeans while making this video.
Nice job as always
More Denim denim.... denim... denimdenimdenimdenimdenimmmmmm dennanananim  (said to the tune of pink panther.)
Denim🔥🔥🔥
Denim FTW, that looks seriously cool, nice job.
Thanks for the video. My Ikea furniture stays together, I glue it all together.
Demin;  More... I feel like there is some very interesting textures and that faux-topography look you could create with different blends of meterials and colors.  I would just keep an eye out for snythetics, they might melt in the resin or on sanding...
Would it not have been better to build the base so that the denim table top sat inside the wood?  Either way, thanks for the vids  P.s Denim or no denim haha both are great
Denim, if you want. Im a fan of watching people work with materials they love, not what they feel forced to use.
Dumbasskiss! Cue Beavis n Butthead laugh. And scene. Nice job!
Honestly Denim or No Denim bc your the artist ,,I watch your channel to see what you create and how creative you get, either way you always give great content
I like the denim tables, feels experimental and fun like the burned wood. and i know nothing about epoxy, denim or tables but i do know that it's easier to scrape material off of something moderately tough than something very soft.  I suspect that the sanding and cutting and such is taking epoxy from between the threads, fibres whatever they are, and leaving the fibres behind at a certain short length. Like how you can drag a nail file across your nail (no duh) and it takes material off (ditto), but you drag it across your skin by accident and it doesn't. I wonder if you could get a razor and shave your denim table
At the risk of being universally hated for knowing the difference between pattern-welded steel and true wootz damascus, don't let it keep you from reading up on it. Alfred Pendray rediscovered the centuries-lost art by tinkering at his forge back in the 1980's. It's truly an incredible story. The difference between the two types of steel is so vast that it's really a shame the term "damascus" is used interchangeably. Google "Alfred Pendray, Wootz Hunter" if you're interested.
Well you had me laughing with the correction thing.  Forever more I want to be liked and included.  Therefore any mistakes I find will be shrouded in secrecy.  We might talk about them but It will certainly behind your back...knives and all.  They may or ay not be Damascus knives!  We won't tell.  Lol?  (Btw)  I love the show.  I never learn anything but the entertainment value is high.
Denim! I wonder if randomizing the wood pieces you used to add indentations could be interesting. Or maybe spread the small pieces out more to look a little less clustered, more like a tree?
Denim. I like the other one better.
Denim, love the Denim, love the psychedelic effects. I'd love to see more.
Denim that's good. More please love it. I was skeptical  at first about the oak match but as usual you nailed it. Thanks for inspiring
I usually correct people when they are clearly wrong, or if it just isnt really that, what they think it is
That is indeed a gorgeous desk, not sure if I agree with your "psychedelic" comparison though.  If you want a psychedelic piece, take cotton t-shirt material and dye the various pieces in different fluorescent colors.  THEN laminate it in a similar way that you did this desk.  For the sake of any eyes that would see it though, I'd recommend making them the size of nightstands or end tables, not a full sized table or desk 🤣
Denim
Denim looks really nice. Once I reupholstered my desk chair with denim. The denim came from from an old pair of pants I didn't wear anymore, so, it was a free repair. I loved that chair. It was cool, I mean not sweaty unlike the old faux leather the chair came with originally. I'm not sure I will ever want a blue desk in my room. I'm a walnut kind of guy.
Denim. Next time maybe very the height/thickness of the wood profiles.
Love the layered denim. Don’t really think the base works with it.
Definitely denim! Notably the smaller wood pieces seem to have produced the best “pattern folded”😂 look! Great desk, love it!
Denim, a really interesting look and project. Thank you.
Denim. I love Scott and Cam's banter in the videos. Please include more in the future. Also, the table looks great but I think a slightly darker base would have looked better.
Denim
I swear anything involving a trade, is never good enough for the community. The worst community I've seen, are the welders.
one of the coolest things I've seen, you can do so much with it with different materials and shapes and techniques, its a breath of fresh air in a platform full of epoxy river tables
Denim tables really aren’t my thing but I respect the time and effort it takes to make them. Wood and resin tables look so good, but if you’re going for the shock value in your home I guess a denim table is for you haha. Also, you’re basically doing the same process for making carbon fiber with your bag setup. Maybe carbon fiber is next on your list
It is absolutely fantastic to see your idea come to life 👍🏼.....it doesn't matter if its denim,wood,plastic,metal,i think that these creations ,processes give me and everyone else great inspiration!!....keep up the fantastic work Cam 🇮🇪
Blacktail Studio... shouldn't you be using BLACK denim?  😇
Denim table is very cool! I’ve never seen such a thing!  💕
Denim - looks amazing!
Denim, Denim, DENIM!!! Love these projects - this is so awesome!
What is Mario's favorite material? Denim denim denim.
I love the nonchalant: “nobody likes you.”😂
Denim. The experimental videos are the most interesting and exciting for me. Also be aware that it's ACKTEWALLY pronounced denim, not denim.
Denim more. Soft and fuzzy version
Denim. I'm really not sure now - do I come for the superb tables that are being built (and this is truly one of them), or do I come for the little snippets and remarks while the project is being done? Actually, both! I think this one turned out really neat looking - my only question would be to maybe make one with different height wood for pattern (some 3/4, some 1/2) - I think that would give a totally different look to the larger spaces, but I may be wrong. Either way, love this one!!
Denim. Beautiful, beautiful denim. Thank you. One day I will get myself a beautiful desk or table. River or Denim or whatever other beautiful thing you come up with by then.
More denim. Amazing table, still the most shocking thing of all is seeing Cam use straight grain white oak😮😮😮😮 look forward to moar denim tables!
Loved this look for the top! Base not too much IMO. I think you should have gone all in on both the top and base.   That being said, I know nothing about table making much less denim table making LOL
Denim for sure
This is the coolest shit that I've ever seen dude.. out her being an innovator
Denim👍 "WTF you building now?!" That's the reaction we're looking for.. I was a bit concerned of just how much you could plane the denim before exposing the wood... good job, beautiful results
Denim! That desk came out sweet!!
I love this kinda videos. And this one is the only perfect channel. Even if the video is 2 hours. You cannot skip as its so interesting the video the things he says says and kind of hardwork he is doing epoxy, cutting,  calculations machines skills knowledge etc.
how does the "flex" between supported spans of the 3 denim tops compare to other wooden tops?
Wouldn't it technically be a micarta table?
Denim. More geometric patterns? Or an M. C. Escher effect. Matching chairs? Or even one with and actual pair of jeans incorporated…
Denim great looking table.
Denim but I definitly dont like that base. Something darker feels like it would make more sense.
Denim. Turned out amazing!
20:54 I think it looks spectacular, I love the darker looks, it does look like dama- pattern welded steel.
I like a little sass with my woodworking videos 😆
Definitely denim, it looks cool and its nice to see some one try something that hasn't already been done.
Denim !  Looks great.  I wonder if the fuzzieness is the result of the epoxy not getting into all of the fibers.  might be worth trying to get a lower viscosity epoxy... Please keep up the good work !
GENIUS!
More denim please. The table looks like a contour map. Tres cool.
I love your list of words!
One possible reason for the fuzziness is that the outer cotton fibres swell from absorbing the epoxy and prevent it from getting to the inner fibres. Some old waterproofs used this effect to work.
Denim.  What is vesting oil as opposed to other finishes?
Maybe the next one you should leave a bit fuzzy and turn it into a pool table.
I'm sorry to be that guy but nobody is actually making "true Damascus" because the process to make it has been lost to the ages..... But nobody cares about if you call the million layer steel thing Damascus, cuz it looks cool and imo you can call that Damascus idc :*
I'm always wandering how much of your commentary is scripted, because some of the jokes are too funny
Denim. I am thinking about trying this myself. I am not a wood worker but love building and creating. Thank you for the content.
Wow, this must be my favourite table you've ever made!
Finally, the Jesk! Or perhaps, Jable!
An analogy for the denim fuzziness: Imagine sandpaper as a bazillion little, slightly blunt, spaced apart rows of chisels. Try chiseling plastic, it'll create chips. Now try chiselling a long fur rug. The hairs just bend and slip and flow to the sides of the chisel.  The sandpaper cuts the hard and brittle epoxy well, but as long strands form from the sandpaper grit unraveling the denim fibers, the sandpaper just ends up combing the fuzz.
nice video...me and my brother love watching your content... my brother actually wants to become a wood worker when he is older.
Curious.... Is it a world first if your friend that does wood working, and came to visit you a few months ago. Already DID the denim resin table? He didn't use large blocks, but over lapped sheets of denim creating the same effect.
Thats not damascus that's plywood.
Dear true Damascus guy, I like you. Don't listen to all the haters
Denim! I don’t care as much for the denim as your amazing wood projects, but I do think the denim is super cool and adds a great variety to your channel. Thank you for the opening rant against the “well actually” community of commenters. We all want them to just shut up! Great video!
denim And sir if it hasn't been  suggested, have you seen the viral "Actual river" table where they put live gold fish? Bet your fans would love seeing you make THAT crazy shit.....maybe one up the original table, and instead of using a wood slab....use DENIM to make the actual river.....
Awesome table!
He listed it for $17,000 for those who are too lazy to go to his website.
Denim Denim Denim !!! LOVE IT
Denim Cam, you really need to try vacuum infusion, even on a test piece. It's absolutely magical and would work extremely well with the low viscosity resins you're using.   Also, I'd suggest building a simple resin catch pot that you can dedicate for this application - I've found the clear lid on the degassing pots can sometimes be a leak path if the silicone seal isn't *just right*, and if resin ever did make it all the way into that pot, you'd have to replace all the expensive fittings as they'd be full of resin. Get some 4 or 6 inch sewer pipe, glue a cap on each end, then drill and thread in a pair of simple hose barb fittings to attach your hoses, that way you can always clear them with a drill.   Great video, as always!
Denim... and you had me laughing all the way. Keep it up.
Denim
Make a denim pool table to use the fuzziness.
Do something that incorporates polyhedral dice!
denim the more contrast in materials the more psychedelic think about it. i reckon you should use a spiked roller when applying the resin it would help penetrate inbetween the fibres, might make for less fuzzyness feel. great video
DENIM, sweet looking table id agree that its a bit busy, maybe few too many small spots, next time try do like a bigger pattern like a river pattern
09:35: Is utilising the Scott, the Camera Guy, in that manner even allowed or shoud I consider it cheating?^^
i cant spell denim so ill put jeans lol i loooooove the table the way the denim pops wow cant wait to see more like that
I love the denim series! No1 YouTube Denim table content creator(dang that's a long A** title) 😂
I love your no BS sass. One of the reasons why I watch your videos. #sassycam
Denim. I would love to see you do more updated variations of this table based on your fb to yourself.  When you say things like "next time, I'd do all this stuff differently." or "I don't like x, y, and z and would do these differently next time." but we never get to see that next time.  I personally would love to see a more consistent, maybe wave like pattern with this denim top.
Hey Cam, my 4 year old kid and i love your channel. I know your channel is not really meant for families, but its been something we enjoy together, and  for the most part its always been kid friendly-- even if not intentionally. I was disappointed by the f bombs dropped in this video. We turned it off because it wasn't right for us. Obviously it's your channel, and you should make your videos as you prefer. But you are a business man as much as an artist, so i thought you might benefit from the feedback that this got in the way of our ability to enjoy your product this time.
Denim, amazing!
Denim and no denim... both are great! Love the edge profile and corners!!!!
Denim! I absolutely love that pattern
No Denim. While I like the outcome, I'm here for woodworking.
DENIM... is made from cotton fibers...  A regular table is tree fibers.  As far as I'm concerned, it's just an exotic wood table.  🤣
Sick. Now do it with actual pairs of jeans
Lot's more denim please that looks incredible
I wanna see a denim river table, one side walnut or wood of your choice and one side denim, but denim carved to look like live edge, then obviously black epoxy down the middle
Denim. Really cool looking table, but I'm not a fan of the base. Looks like a temporary base that was never replaced.
Oh my god that is a stunning table, just mesmerizing. I’ve been loving these untraditional table builds, really lets your creativity shine
Dear Sir, I just absolutely enjoy your work. It's soothing, peaceful to the mind, encouraging to the soul 😊
Do it again, but use black and grey denim in there too.
Denim! Came out awesome. Great job Cam.
Denim, but sculpted denim legs and a wood top
More denim nice  work
Denim. Loved the end result.
Because that one comment irritated you we all learn something so we have to be glad that he irritated you I love watching you make things with wood and other items will I ever use any of the information in my daily life probably not but I love learning and I have to say you are a good teacher so thank you for sharing the entertainment part of this and the teaching part of it
“He’s technically correct… the best kind of correct!” -insufferable people
as someone who went through a mastectomy a year ago and is currently sporting an expander in one breast and natural on the other.... i look just like those boobs!!!!! lmao!!! i wish i could purchase this table for that alone because ive been looking for a desk just like this, no shelves or drawers... love this! one day i will own a piece of your work!
Denim! I think the fibers of denim might be releasing micro pieces of the resin when sanding and allowing just the surface o be fuzzy?
Denim. The wood/epoxy tables are great, but glad to see something totally new!
Great job! Inspirating.
maybe not denim but be experimental with you epoxy compounds,  carbon, nutshells,soft metals, acryl  what the hell i  know;))))) just try what is possible and what not
Denim. Great looking table, it looks really nice. It's a bit too much for my taste and I think it could look great if it was less busy overall. But it still looks really nice.
Omg I have bad chest and laughing put me in to a coughing fit 😂😂😂
What a crazy good design and just a brilliant idea great work as always
Denim!!!!  I've always put you in the " making of cool shit category."
DENIM!!!  I love the way the table goes from a Damascus (pattern weld) on the top to a wood grain look on the edges.  I think you might be starting a trend here.
Denim !
❤😊 absolutely beautiful  denim  ❤
No denim…I miss wood!
These denim tables reminds me of carbon fiber, since its kinda similar (cloth like thing with like epoxy). thats probably why you felt it was a strong/sturdy table! (makes sense in my head)  Edit: denim
To answer the fuzziness question... I have never worked with denem, but here is my guess. The shear force required to cause material failure for apoxy and denim(cotton) are different. Apoxy stretches as it fails, but cotton does not. Also, cotton is much stronger(in tension) and flexible than apoxy... If you look under a microscope as the planer operated, you would see the abusive material in the pulling the denim/apoxy. The cotton would be able to flex around the abrasive while the apoxy, the much harder material would get chunks ripped off. This would leave microscopic cotton fibers covering the surface.  It might be odd to think about, but plant fibers(wood included) are extraordinary strong in tension (with the grain). Or at least that is my guess. 😄
Denim for sure! Love the result 👍👍
has anyone called it Denmascis yet?
Even for entertainment..I am a honestly shocked how close you got to the router bit with your fingers..that could really easily have been your finger for the longest time..look at 4:20  Take your time, rotate the workpiece off the router bit and approach again. Love your projects and ideas :)
Demin
Hey man watching this video and your doubt I had some thoughts... you wonder why after infusing, saturated and compressed, it gets fuzzy after cut/plan, Ithink it is because denim is a really thick and heavy material. Perhaps you could try to do it with Twill, it got the same feel of denim but is much thin and lighter. Denim is always in shades of blue. Twill you can find in a bigger range of colours, so with Twill you could play it more. And I guess because is thinner it will be easier to compress. Love your work, Cheers from Brazil!
that's a really interesting look you created there :)   loved the finishing and how it shows off the fabric texture ...
19:35 "What the fuck did he make now?" 😂
No denim. Would rather see reclaimed material projects like you talked about in the beginning of the video
I HAVE TO SAY, YOUR FIRST DENIM TABLE WAS A MASTERPIECE.. EVEN THOUGH THERE WERE MISTAKES AND LOOKED LIKE THE END WAS NEAR, YOU FIGURED IT OUT AND MADE AN INCOMPARABLE PIECE OF CRAFTSMANSHIP.. TO MAKE SECOND? THESE SHOULD BE YOUR MOST EXPENSIVE WORKS.. TOP DOLLAR.
One of the interesting things about a micarta tabletop like this: Is that provided it isn't destroyed by disaster (burned, broken into pieces by industrial equipment, etc.) it will look exactly like that 50 years from now. It have very little if any natural degradation. Also it being fuzzy is normal. The individual fibers are still there just held together by epoxy, so they don't move. Once machined you get a bunch of them exposed, and it gives it a fuzzy, but extremely solid texture.
Would love to see more denim
Denim or no denim, I love every table you make : )
Denim, love what you do, keep doing your thing
Denim. Wow the YouTube algorithm is gonna love this title. Genius as always!
denim. i like the look of it.
More Denim and .......I love the table
I'm here for the furniture, and I stay for the snarky voice over.
Denim or No denim. Table top looks amazing, but the legs and frame are a deal breaker to me. Looks really cheap and just too thin and spindly. More like a work bench frame leg set.
I WANT IT PLS
😂
denim, I dont have much else to say. Try carbon fiber
Are you the ripoff Johnny sins?
More Denim for sure!
Denim - now that you're getting into composites, have you considered trying a forged carbon desk?
Great build 👍. I like the table much more before the top was made flush with the base though. That's just my taste.
Denim, I think I would have liked an overall darker blue look.  For the lighter denim, I would have gone darker.
denim. love the way both the denim projects have come out, keep trying the new things!
2:08 is how i feel that everyone feels about me 24/7
Denim. it may not be the largest but its the best! Channel im talking about your channel
Id love to see you make an Arcade cabinet out of a slab. Or multiple types of wood slabs to resemble game characters.  Like a type of inlay.
Denim!!!! I just wanna know if Cam is short for Camden or Cameron or something else entirely 😅.
cool
Demin, your table looks fantastic! I enjoy watching your video. Keep up the good work! God Bless.
Denim might not be for everyone but i think this could be made with all kinds of fabric. It might be interesting to see something like this with automotiv paints? Like in a spraychamber for cars when the layers and layers of paint stack and dry. You could also do this with spraypaint or epoxy i guess.
30:30 здесь вы выглядите как Хитман, который раньше был из BlueMan
I mean this as a compliment. Your videos make me want to take a nap. Really relaxing. Great craftsmanship too
Denim. That looks an amazing table. Top job
God denim, that looks great!
More denim please
Denim: Wow it looked so good after the sanding then when u put the epoxy on after it looked even better
Denim. Are there other colors of denim? How about a green or red  one?
I put some N3 Nano on my pants and they look amazing. Getting lots of compliments.
please never wear gloves while working with spinning machines
Denim. It really looks great!
DENIM. Yes, more denim! Your table and now your 3rd (that we have only seen) are easily my two favorite tables that you have done. Incredible work and really awesome look. I'm not sure I could ever afford one of your denim tables, but I aspire to try just because they are frickin' sweet.
More denim. How about demim with walnut inlay or vice versa?
This is one of your best, everyone does epoxy resin, but denim, haven't seen anyone else do it 👍
Go Beavs!
It came out great! I would be interested in seeing what other materials you could do this with.  I also am curious how you determine what to sell a piece for. Not critiquing your price whatsoever, but I'm genuinely curious how you and other professionals decide what to sell a piece for. For me, I always feel like I overprice my stuff, but that it's not really worth what I would charge.
100% agree with that list
The damascus pattern looks great 👍
I hope somebody explained to the quoted commenter that Damascus is a pattern welded steel construction, while True Damascus is a alloy steel. Now back to the bad things.
Denim! "Botched breast augmentation". Caught me off guard, root beer out my nose. Thanks Cam.
Denim. Awesome work
Denim!!
denim!
cam's humor is the best DENIM
Very cool.
Denim. Looks really cool. 7/8 round over was a bit much, in my opinion, though.
Denim good...
Denim. Fo Sho.
Increíble!!!;😨😲😲😲
Denim.  Such a cool idea and evolution from the denim slab table. Keep it up!
Denime! As always a great idea with a stunning result, if you would've thrown in some old jeans, the seams would have made the damascus pattern even finer....
I was recently at an exposition (the "Green Week" in Berlin) where I was able to see the epoxy-wood-connection in real life for the first time and was able to judge if it looks and feels nice. I still like your content though. :P
Denim. Love the psychedelic vibe
Demin! You are a true artist. I didn't even contemplate what you were ding until you plained it. It is awesome that you can envision this project and it turn out so awesome on your first attempt. Also the 7/8th corner was NOT too much. Thanks for making this video! That table looks awesome. You have slowly become my favorite content creator. Keep up the excellent work!
Denim. That table is awesome. Never thought of a damascus denim table, thank you for creating a really cool product.
Denim.
Denim Rocks!! FYI, thank Scott for adding to our entertainment. He frees you up to just focus on the jokes. While adding perfectly to them!!
When I heard "WHAT THE F**K DID HE MAKE NOW" had me laughing XD
DENIM: My opinion about this particular project are a bit mixed. - You did a 1st of a kind in mankind! 😃 - The 2 colors are a bit of too much contrast for me. - I - honestly - liked the straight denim table with the golden sockets more. - You questioned the rounded edge: it looks ok, but ¼" round or completely squared had been nice, too. - The base: it is ok if you don't use it as a dining table (the horizontal bar on the bottom would hurt). Boxy to the edge of the table - not my cup of tea. Is it stable without 45° reinforcements? I don't know. I had liked a darker base than last time ir white or polished brass or dark matte metal, but smaller than the table-slab. 😉🤷‍♂️
I wouldn't mind seeing different coloured denim
Good morning,, I came across your channel randomly and found your comments to some what interesting 🤨 I have seen some really beautiful pieces You have made,,  My only question is why you respond to comments like some kicked you in the nuts??   It’s your channel, you ask for feedback, but you get sarcastic and insulting to comments that apparently offend you,,  You live in a world of good bad and nut case conspiracy people, what did you expect??
I would guess that it is fuzzy as the compression and planing means that there isn’t a ‘layer’ of epoxy, it’s within the material; meaning fibres are revealed as you take layers away? Only when you go back in with that thicker layer of top coat does it go solid again. It’s a guess!  What a cool looking table though I absolutely love it!
God its fckin beautiful. Cant wait to see what ideas you have with this in the future. (Maybe a denim damascus burnt wood hybrid)
The two denim tables I have watched you build really look great. I keep trying to balance the outcome with the fact it’s not wood but very inventive
Denim! I love the way that turned out!
Denim - Tbh I'm still pissed off by the ebay guy who bid on a table, won, and then said "oh I didn't think I'd win, I can't pay that." It was multiple videos ago but I still get annoyed by it
One thing I'm always wondering is how you make yourself do those things, basically gambling with your time and money I understand you're a content creator, but that's still a risk :/
Denim
Gorgeous.
Keep in mind, some of us watch car detailing channels too. Let it sink in… we watch someone wax a car for 90 minutes. 😳
damascus denim 😂, it look like lsd wood.
Ika has some great looking future were they fail is the quality.
DENIM... It might be my favorite table ever.  I've always lived denim anything but this is gorgeous.  If l live to see it in shades of pinks.. yummy. You wondered why the top felt fuzzy and had to give it a top coat of resin... It's because of the fingers in the material.  Once they're saved it causes them to frizz. ❤❤
Denim for sure 👌🏼
Denim   Like it it’s different. Like to see some colors and texture experimentation. See how nuts you can get with some thick fuzzy fabric or combos
Denim. I think in the future you should try to mimic a specific Damascus pattern instead of a random pattern
Denim... It has a very 1960s look. Groovy baby.
Cam - I think you'll find there that you didn't have a list, but a collection of words.  A "list" must be written on paper with a black or blue ink pen to be an actual list.  *tehehehe*
Hi 👋, DENIM, 😂 Damascus looks fantastic., it’s amazing how it looks, I think you’ve done a great job, And I have seen a lot of people having problems with the pill ply, Not sure if that spelt right, oh well, never mind, Great job. Stay safe. Look forward to seeing the next project piece of art, from the moulin,
Denim, I say Damascus, but what do I know? Awesome job!
Denim. This looks amazing 👏 great job! This makes me want to experiment with denim furniture
Where did  you get the denim from?
Denim. Interesting idea. I appreciate the patterning of the denim as it moves through the layers.
It never ceases to amaze me why you, an amazing artisan and an entertainer cut your own excellent content and complain about people who correct, leave comments as requested or have different views on woodworking. Not only does it disrupt the beautiful flow but also seems petty. Why does it bother so much if people complain. You said it yourself, you are an entertainer, thus they are your customers. Customers often disagree with service or content, it is natural and helps one improve and must not be taken personally. Some might be out of line but who cares? Love your content, but perhaps a more positive note when it comes to your audience?
More denim
Bro you really gotta stop responding to the 1% of haters, know it alls and the passive aggressive people
More denim, Love the look
Denim! this is one of my favorite builds you've done. And this is coming from a level 4 woodporn enjoyer.
Can't say "Fat" anymore.. lol I just had to comment after that rant... I know, nobody likes me.... I'm aware.
In minute 21:05  the design looks like the Grinch
Denim for certain. This table reminds me of a topography map.
Denim I think it looks cool definitely different which is a big part of why I still watch ur videos nice to see someone not afraid to take a chance
Denim.Been a fan for a few years now.Have grown to like the more colourful projects but all your videos are superb.You mentioned millimetres in this one.Have you come to your senses and crossed to the metric dark side…? All the best,from a retired joiner in Northern Ireland,
Deffo more denim love the topography look of it
I don't know why but I love the final aspect of the Denim on a table
Denim, this one is very nice.  Especially how the round over corners meet the base
Denim! Maybe a black and gray layered denim or black and white denim
Denim Denim Denim * Mario party voice lol * I love all ya tables cam but I wish the base were a different finish or maybe sum thing similar to the copper resin table u did..other than that the table top is fuckin dope g lol....when I started the video it was at 8k views I finished the video and it was at almost 20k so u prolly have the biggest Denim Epoxy woodworking entertainment channel in the land lol
Denim. Cam, I don't mean to be ‘that guy’, but I believe this would be considered Pattern Welded Denim actually. Think about it. (Definitely kidding) Love these denim builds
Denim. Its a pretty interesting medium to use. Its new with endless possibilities!
Denim would like to see a denim one with the bend over coffee table
(Denim)The "fuzz" comes from the fact that the fibers of the denim are separating. They're still filled with epoxy, but because the fibers are separated from each other, and that they're so small, they can still have a bit of give in them. A toothbrush is typically made from plastic, but we still call them "fuzzy" for the exact same reason.  This came out really freaking amazing. I kinda want a desk like this now..........
I suggest next vid doing a Damascus denim mammoth tusk :)
denim. this is the most unbelievable table I've ever seen in my life, I wish I could own it.
Denim. One of the ugliest tables you’ve made for sure. Reminds me of some kind of funky elementary school arts and crafts classroom table from the 90s. I love the denim videos, always nice to see new concepts!
Denim. Love the color combination
Denim!   Would like to see more denim "woodworking"
Looks good! I always thought this was called Micarta. Not trying to be "that"guy.
My guess on the fuzziness is that although its saturated, the actual fiber still being present (as opposed to outright replaced) is revealing enough exposed surface area that upon adding the hundreds of thousands of - little - surface areas together, you get one giant fuzzy-seeming surface
Denim. Would love to see you use/embed large denim rivets in the design.
Wow! Simply amazing.
Denim. Your stuff is great but I especially love your commentary and sense of humor, don't change at all. Thanks again for the content!
The Jable
Denim. I absolutely love the denim. and the way you did the "Damascus" is very innovative.
19:35 fucking hilarious
Denim!!!  This was an awesome video. It’s interesting and shows great imagination for working with different materials. I love it.
So sick!
Is that real denim
More denim, it looks amazing and I wonder if 3 or 4 different shades would make it look better or worse than the simple 2 shades.
Denim, looks good Cam! Keep it up. Love your videos.
Denim - really cool man. Thought for next denim project: instead of random plywood pieces, do the Blacktail Logo under and make a sign?
Pretty spectacular. I wasn't sure what you were going for here, but the end result is stunning. Nice work. If I were a billionaire, I'd buy it.
I think the reason that it doesn't absorb the epoxy as well is the same reason that it doesn't absorb the indigo dye very well. They spin the cotton so tight in denim so tight, it very hard for any liquid to pernitrate the fibers.
Denim for sure. As funny as it is to see Cam clown on people, I actually found that bit informative. I paused to read all of them and I didn't know that Aspirin or Zamboni was actually a trademarked thing. I also recently watched Johnny builds do a similar-ish thing with paper and epoxy and while the end result was cool it looked like a horrible experience to build. I was pretty surprised to see this wasn't nearly as bad, though I guess there was the first table to learn from.
Thank you for saying what so many YouTubers don't say "Out Loud".... The ball team will be so much happier with the new roster ..... Thanks for sharing ... Stay safe and well ... I am writing this while listening to your router I love watching your video's and that's why I am glad I am a "Metal worker" and Yes, I will watch until the end .... I like the 7/8's ... but then I liked everyone of the angles ... And I love the table completed ... Awesome.. Denim....
Denim can't you make a table stand from denim? Would also love to see a waterfall edge desk too
Screw a long stick to the small pieces and rotate as needed.  Just my 2c.
21:13 The reason it still needs epoxy to bring the finish out is although you have infused the layers with epoxy already, it’s just not enough. It’s still mostly gonna be denim.
Denim you need to incorporate some copper rivets.
Your issue with fuzziness may be due to cotton being a hollow fiber. (Why it is wonderfully absorbant). A synthetic blend denim might work better. Best regards.❤
I think you should give up table making and switch to fruit carving. That's where the future is at.
denim. i dont think i have ever been this excited after seeing something go through a planer. great video, great table.
More denim please…missed you there, a fan from 🇧🇼
Denim is interesting, my 50 cents: plywood islands shouldn't have been flat topped. A curved, or better - deliberately ueneven top surfaces would have led to nicer denim patterns
Maybe you could use different bits to round your pattern pieces, that would create different gradation in you damascus.
More Denim! Big fan of the channel hailing from Tunisia 🇹🇳 and Go Beavers 😁
Denim ..... thanks for doing these denim tables.  It was very enlightening.  Maybe I need to see it in person, but since you asked.... I've seen enough.
DENIM That looks like I ate too many mushrooms. But still, I'd say funkadelic.
Denim.  Not for me personally but can understand how it could be very popular.
At around 21:20 is exactly why I stay subscribed and you survive the quarterly purge.
Denim, absolutely more denim.  But I would love to see some canvas, or cheap drop cloth for some variation; experiment with colored epoxy and the light fabric?  I like the Damascus look, but a wave pattern would be even cooler, where it would be busy in one corner getting flatter and flatter across the surface.
I absolutely loved your IKEA “rant” about the screws at 13:42! So excited to see more denim projects in the future!
Was the hardwood frame strong enough to hold all that weight without a wobble? Since there is no cross bracing I would assume it would wobble quite a bit, but I can't really tell from the video.
Denim.
Denim or no Denim, that is the question.  For me, I'll enjoy either one.   As to the fuzziness, here's an idea I thought of but, of course, I could be 100% WRONG.  So take it with a grain of salt.  Denim is not large fibers of cotton.  It's hundreds of super tiny fibers spun into thread (look at it under a magnifying glass, if you're interested - pretty sure they're smaller than the width of hair by quite a bit) and thousands of those are made into your denim fabric.  So when you're sanding it, I think you're 'revealing' the tiny fibers.  And since they're so tiny, they're soft, even with epoxy on them.  Oops!  Forgot to say that the table is a great looking piece of work.
Now your a master craftsman....Your next problem is You can always do better ....When do you stop ?....Good luck!!!
Denim! I think this is gorgeous and would love to see you play around with denim more.
the fuzzy feeling comes mostly from the fact that the denim doesn't exactly soak in the epoxy all that much. you're more so coating the denim fibers in epoxy.
Denim!
Denim. No denim. Your call. Just keep making content. I enjoy your craftsmanship and general lack of concern for what people in the comments say.
Denim! Wow nice
Should do a rain Damascus or a ladder Damascus table next time it would look amazing. I would say do a feather one but that would be dam near impossible to do and replicate.
Good job mister beautifully made i like watching your video good job
Jamascus, if you will. These denim projects are fun.
Demin!!!
Denium  sorry I’m a person of few words
Denim. I think it's pretty typical for fabric composites to feel "fuzzy" without a finish. Micarta is basically the same thing as what you're making, and it usually has a somewhat fuzzy feel unless oiled.
Denim. How about something similar made with Kente cloth
Awesome!  Ok, my California accent is showing...    Your desire to improve your own artistic sensibilities is evidence of Thriving!  Thank you for the very entertaining build and content. You Rock!
Denim, that turned out a lot better than I thought it would
Best denim-epoxy table channel on YouTube!! Keep up the good work!
Denim.  I liked it!  More colors would look cool too.
Round over is too big...
Not even all the way through the video, just to the table top epoxy on the planed denim.  Already one of my favorite things you've made.
Denim. Love it.
Denim   Also, the tape trick for glue-up is nice. Going to steal that.
Couldn't you just screw the small ones to a large piece of wood and then use your router on the now-stable small ones?
Denim. Very unique, cool looking table. It's interesting to see the techniques you come up with working with the material. Maybe you could do something like this again, but plane it all the way down to the wood. Then it would have wooden islands and also not have that fuzzy look that you tried to sand out manually. You could also stabilize the wood first to get some interesting colors in it.
Hahaha! Hear, hear! 13:41
Babe wake up, Blacktailstudio just dropped
Well, I was a big fan of your woodwork, now I'm a big fan of your denimwork. This could really catch on. Fantastic video as always. Thanks.
thanks for all the interesting vids
No denim
Denim. Great project, thanks for sharing.
Denim. This table looks great, but the first one still my favorit
can that epoxy be sprayed with something like a HVLP spray setup ?
Your denim beginner course should be called Epoxy Denim 501.
Try an hard ~30 degrees side, as little rounding as possible 🥺
That is the coolest table. All your pieces are so outstanding and I could see this as my island top. Just beautiful.
Keep trying other textiles
I've made denim micarta for knife handles and one of the great things about it for that purpose it the persistent fuzz. Makes for great feel in the hand.
A couple of ideas regarding the soft touch of the denim after sanding. Obviously it's the ends of the individual fibers being exposed. Which to me sounds like the epoxy is not 100% saturating or soaking in down to the individual fibers. Denim us usually made of twisted cotton. However if nylon or polyester or some other artificial fiber is added perhaps it is resistant to absorbing the resin. Also, most fabrics are treated with pesticides and/or stabilizers which could cause individual fibers to resist the resin. Most sewers (people who sew) wash fabrics to remove these additives before using.  Another thought, are the resin molecules too big  or thick to penitrate the cotton fiber? Does it need more absorption time?
Why you are not constantly calling it "denimascus" is beyond me.
no denim... I just enjoy the wood tables so much, and denim makes me think of high-waisted mom jeans... but I'm never going to make either and this isn't a how to channel anyway, it's an entertainment channel, so if you screw up a couple more denim tables, I'm game. As for the fraying... (and I'm totally guessing here so I could be blowing smoke) the fraying could be a mix of the material (cotton) but also being a fine thread... like if you were to cut a steel rod (no fray) versus cutting a similar thickness of steel but comprised of fine gauge wire instead, I'd imagine it would fray more than the steel rod. Thanks for the entertainment. Carry on with the mom jeans if you must.
Denim, the table looks amazing. My first thought was Mokume Gane, either way its beautiful! keep the videos coming. for a real challenge how about a waterfall denim table.
perfectly timed video for sanding... 🥲
Great work! Very intense "blue steel" look at the end, I'm sure intentional :)
Denim - Wonderful table!  I too can quibble over the little "defects", but I doubt the owner will see them at all.  Like others have said, you need to noodle up a more awesome base for such an awesome tabletop.  I wish I had the money (and room) to bid!
I vote for more dyed wood. Maybe veneer damascus..
This project is unreal!! Amazing work. I do want to see more of these. Thank you for the great content!
Love it.  More denim. Hoard more denim.
That end looks amazing
Waaaaaay too much of a roundover.
Denim,  not that I like denim tables -- or wearing it for that matter - but want you to continue producing great content that is fulfilling to you.  Cheers
Denim
Denim Great project that gave me an idea. Instead of differant layers of denim how bout diff layers of very thin veneer or diff layers of diff colored epoxy, maybe .5mm thick,   Cheers.
Denim. Great video and table!
Denim... but really I'm still on the fence as  I do like the way it looks but I also wouldn't want it for myself.  At 4:08 I would try using double stick tape to put a smaller diameter block on top of the small piece and then some more double sided tape to stick a large handle/block to that piece. Should give stability and safety of distance. That handle block could even span over and be stuck to another block that just rides on the table nowhere near the bit for even greater stability.
Denim. yes more maybe a denim stool
Denim! or more generally fabric!  I'm really curious now how something like a burlap or cheesecloth would look, or if a corduroy top layer would be feasible, other weird rabbit holes to nosedive in to.  Whatever you decide to build though, I'll be looking forward to a healthy dose of deadpan deliveries overlaying a project that gives me ideas for other things (like usual).
I truly enjoyed how you called out the trolls that like to argue about Damascus. You’re right, nobody likes them. Really, what you made there, is denim micarta. Those of us that make knives like to use it as handle material. It can be a bitch to work with but is one of the toughest most durable materials to use on knife handles.  Would love to have some off cuts from your slab, but it doesn’t look like you have any 😂. Great build, great vid as always. 🍻
Hey Cam I just bought some of your N3 Nano, and I was wondering if it is completely food safe.
Denim! It looks so... original! Great work and as always very entertaining video!
Long time no see, nice to see new video
Denim for sure. Damascus looks great, feet not so much. It ruins the whole thing for me.
Denim, that looks amazing, it's a really nice finish.
As a table, it's a bit much, but this technique would be really well served for benches, stools, chairs. The surface area texture/color to wood ratio is just a bit imbalanced here. Using it as a POP of texture/color would be amazing. Thanks for pioneering this!
Denim. I like it   I would like to see more highly polished ones.   Round over was to big IMO.
Make all your tables shinier
I've been checking my notifications every day for your next video! Time to roll a j, grab a snack and get cozy lol.     P.S. I don't woodwork or make furniture of any kind 😂
Denim, but I'm happy with whatever.  I wonder if there's brown denim so you could make denim that looks like wood...
Not that you have any problems with IKEA.
Denim. Agreed with what you said in your last video about Scott been as much part of Blacktail as epoxi and wallnut, but there´s something about "The video Guy". I think it is kind of a cool nickname🤘😆
It’s because the resin is thicker than the fibers holding the denim together which i turn leaves “fuzzy” edges.
We finally got a "fucking"! So proud.
Denim,  I think a more uniform pattern would help eliminate the psychedelic effect...pick waves, or dots, or Tara Reid boobs.... not all 3.
Just AWESOME! Pfffff
Hands down, this is you best project over. This looks so good, love it 🤩
Denim for sure. Inlay some patches in the table would be cool. Enjoy your content keep it up.
more denim
Denim
Denim 😊 or maybe leather or silk hmmm ..... great work
More denim
for those small pieces can you hot glue a stick perpendicular to hold it with and skip the bulky pad like holds ?
I dig the denim pieces, but I'm kinda torn how I feel about the blue color. It does make it pretty clear what material it is, since most people think of blue jeans when they hear the term denim. On the other hand, furniture in that color is a pretty heavy commitment to that aesthetic and definitely not for everyone.  How about a future project with a khaki and brown theme to see if it turns out looking anything like figured wood when it's planed?
Meh, that looks like something I could get at  ̶I̶K̶E̶A̶  Levi's for 40 bucks.  Jokes aside, loving this. Definitely would like to see more denim projects.
Darker base would be prettier though.  But I dislike ikea furniture lol
Repairs are as easy as patching a pair of jeans!!!
Denim! Favorite B roll comment at the shop... "What the fuck did he make now!?"
Wow, nice, didn't know Johnny Sins is also making tables. What a handsome man
Denim This looks awesome! Just got all the tools to make some cutting boards aswell. Keen to get started
Denim! I love this denim table! Not too psychedelic at all.
Why denim and not some more beautiful fabric?
I don't know how you keep coming up with the most creative projects, this looks amazing
Denim - looks absolutely stunning! Well worth watching. Thank you and God bless
I love it!
No denim. Honestly denim is kind of boring. I know you've tried to make it interesting with the pattern - but that just shows how boring it is. If you need to go down the path of cloth, make a table out of bunched up old t-shirts or something.
I’d love to see other fabrics
Denim - and oh yes, more denim.  I think you might be the best denim table on the internets.  I here for all of your success in that field.
Denim! Maybe black on grey next time? Similar to that time you did the stain in the style of those guitars
19:06 It's starting to look cool right now. 😉👍
you crack me up ...
Denim - That looks awesome! I also feel like the focus on what you're building, rather than on teaching, makes for some really imagination inducing content!
Denim!!! Awesome 🏆
Denim!
Denim! Love it, Cam. Always enjoy your content. Can’t wait to see what’s next 🤘🏼
Denium: I enjoy the art you create. Keep it up.👍🏾
Dude, This is one of the coolest things i have ever seen.
Denim, dude this table is amazing. I really love how psychedelic it is! I would love to see you do more fabrics in this style. I'm curious on how different thicknesses of fabric would turn out.
Cam, first, Denim!  That Damascus table is awesome! A great idea, and you ARE the 'Tube  master of denim.  I'm thinking, use  some worn actual jeans, for the top  layer.  Yes, you will have to do some  fitting, but don't try to hide it, lead  with it.  steve
More denim!  If you do another damascus, it might be cool to put a guitar-style sunburst on one.  Dark around the edges with a fade to the natural denim color.
Denim. A table made out of wood chips and epoxy to keep everything together would be cool.🤷‍♂️
You forgot to put champagne on the list I think. Also I never heard you swear before and it was hilarious 😂  good video
to be fair, if someone who knows the difference between 'pattern welding' and Wootz, calls pattern welding "true damascus"... you're inviting criticism by being 'wrong'. (People have been calling pattern welding 'damascus' for over 50 years, because the secret of wootz steel (vanadium), and its production, wasn't rediscovered until the mid 2000s (at least, admitted publicly, as the main guy to reveal it had been working on it for decades), with workshops just in the last 10 years being set up to show people how to produce.... true damascus)
Looks like something from IKEA
Saw the notification and instantly thought WTF has Cam been cooking up here😂 Cant wait to watch this, I already know its going to be good lol.  Edit: 19:35 That isnt me but was pretty much my reaction but in a more excited way haha Another Edit: Table turned out amazing, personally cant stand the base colour but i hate that kinda plain white wood vibe which again is just personal preference. Imo if it was stained dark brown to match leather or even an almost black stain that wouldve been alot better
denim thank you Cam . not a look for me but it is interesting
Denim? I'm on the fence about it. It's really neat and i love seeing the craftsmanship that was put into making this. But would i want a denim table in my house? not really. Thanks for another video
It looks good
Denim. This is very cool idea and i think you could really make some amazing pieces especially if you attempt different shapes of furniture or different colors of denim.
Denim: You said the word "F..king" at 13:40. I just never heard you swear before. Can you swear some more, Cam? I think it adds edge to your table builds.
Denim It so looks like a map of a golf course.
As soon as he mentioned people who know what true Damascus is. I was like ah man did some jerk come for him in the comments over the pattern weld and crucible Damascus thing? Sure enough... I have to say that I love your return comments on keyboard warriors, it's one of the reasons I keep coming back. well, that and walnut... Is there anyone who doesn't love to look at walnut going through the finishing process?
Denim wow, for me i loved it, blue is my favorite colour.
Denim!  I love the table/desk!
People have, in fact, been using the term "Damascus" to describe their decorative pattern-welding since the 1700s... and the last account of a "true Damascus" is from a hundred and twenty years ago. So yeah, very much belongs on that top 40.
Honestly I liked the look of it when it was finished but I don't think denim will take off as a wood replacement.
This was fantastic.
damascus pattern looks so great on everything
Denim! I love it. Wish I could buy it; but all your work is too rich for my blood (and my checking account). 😮‍💨
Tie Dye Denim table. We NEED it
I love the tabletop, but legs look straight up ugly. Still, the denim slab alone was awesome to witness.  By the way. A bit back you made a blue table to test if it would sell better than the normal one. You promised to update, but I haven't seen anything about that at all. Did I miss it?
I really like your table vise. Where did you get it?  The exposed gears are really cool.
Denim  this is wonderful I love your creativity
Correction…..you don’t “Laminate” the different steels together,you forge ie hammer them together creating a layers of pattern welded steel.
What the forking frick?😂  Awesome!
The Denimator❤
Denim, definitely. It reminds me more of a paper marbling table where they float ink on thickened water. I really like how it turned out, could be an avenue for some creative uses. Like say ya got a slab, why not epoxy inject a denim layer in the epoxy crevice, sort of layer it and make the void in the wood have a puddle/ripple effect instead of just epoxy.
Denim is cool
Wow!!!!! That's all I can say!!!!! I love all ur epoxy work. I like to work with it my self. Any tips??? I'm on a budget. So can afford expensive stuff.
Denim.   However, definitely too psychedelic for my taste as well. I could see it fitting in a tech company or similarly designed space.
Great piece of art.
I do like the table top, but the base does look a little flimsy. I do love white oak though.
If you could somewhat replicate specific topo maps with the base wood pattern that would be insanely cool
DENIM, PLEASE.  It’s a great success.  I had given it a success rating of 45%.  You smashed it, it’s a beautiful piece of art.  🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Denim....Great table mr  mcconaughey
Demin. Honestly it looked more like Florida than Africa but it could've been the angle
Denim❤
Layers of rainbow denim for a Pride Month project, donate the money to a good charity and irk off a few trolls. Win, win, win.
To my eyes, the edges are FAR too rounded over………spoils the look a bit. Good work, as ever, though…….
DENIM but this time with titanium
Denim - Scott is always right. Great content 👌 👏
Awesome as always
Denim. New things have a higher chance of failure and denim is still new. We're only here for the entertainment, you know? ;)
Denum!  Love the look and finish!!!
Denim! This is such an awesome project.  Keep them coming!
Denim. It really reminds me of the Mandelbrot set.
More denim, don't care if its real Damascus denim or not because it looks amazing 😂
Denim I like this but that first one is still my favorite so far
Going to be honest I had no idea where this was going but it’s absolutely amazing
Carry on experimenting love it ❤
Awesome!!!!
Denim looks amazing! Loved this. Could maybe start making legs and table bases from it? Could be an interesting experiment.
I know about Damascus steel because of Alec Steele.
How about building a chair to go with it
denim... i think the concept is really interesting and you seem to be having lots of fun. looks like a funky designer piece. i kind of love it but get distracted/stressed/overwhelmed too easily and like a plain surface. i wasn't expecting it to be so expensive but i have no gauge or concept of high-end furniture. I like when you make simple table bases because I'm someone who can only dream of having space for woodworking tools someday, and that seems like something i could do.. edit: i'd be happy with "no denim" too. i just appreciate your content.
Denim. This tuned out amazing!
Denim damascus makes for cool looking table.
No denim and would cedar wood be good for and epoxy table and what color epoxy should I use if I do use the cedar wood
I say more denim.  Maybe black/bleached white would be a cool look.
Unique to say the least.  I liked it but my wife said it was too busy and gave  her a headache. LOL!
Denim wouldn't be my go-to, but the effect is really cool.  (Was beginning to think this channel closed up shop.)
Denim is good says I. Maybe compressed shreds of any type of cloth would work in this process. Maybe even fiberglass insulation? Very fun to watch the process regardless. Well done!
Denim.  Would love to see another burnt wood table but make it like a regular epoxy table with clear epoxy. The burnt wood and the clear epoxy spaces should look great.  Keep up the awesome content.
It looks cool because of the psychedelic pattern!!!
Denim - it looks great even though it is quite reminiscent of the swinging 60’s!
I've found Ikea furniture to be surprisingly durable during moves, as long as you're somewhat careful. Disregarding the Ikea IVAR storage system, which used to be and is once again solid wood and metal and liable to outlast the owner. (They used plastic instead of metal for the shelf ends for a while. I guess it didn't hold up to the test of time because they went back to using metal.)
What a cool white and gold looking table!
Table top turned out really good, but I think the base is just too bland for it.
I just about died laughing at the "nobody likes you" joke.  Well done sir... Impressive craftsmanship and sarcasm.  Love it!
flannel table?
this the first time i heard him cuss 13:43
Ok just so you wish bad things on me: Real Damascus looks a lot different.
Denim  I love this table so much. God I want an L computer desk like this so badly. This is just amazing I love it.
Denim! Then you'd be the #1 denimworking (?) channel on YT also. Congrats on an amazing table.
Denim! Thank you for an awesome video
If you use the teardrop pattern or ladder pattern
Calling out the "um actually" crowd 🤌
Definitely more denim! Less creepy staring at the camera, though 😛
Denim: no hate, this project turned out totally awesome, but I felt immediately that the family of small islands should've been spread out throughout the design instead of being segregated to one corner.   Other than that Itty bitty detail, stellar outcome 👏👏👏
Great Scott! Love seeing him in the videos and you’re so lucky to have him!
I just rewatched your other denim video for the 6th time. I’d love one of these denim tables  Keep up the great work!
Denim, if you have any questions about finishing and doing more stuff like this, reach out to some people that make micarta and G10, they are pretty much the same thing as what your doing as far as im aware
Denim, yes please 😂, have you seen the guy who makes denim glasses? Actually, I would really love to see a piece with the wood visible, I think it would look great but what do I know 😊. Good job 👍, thanks for sharing.
I love this #denim look. Actually the high gloss variant you did before really made it shine. But this one looks great aswell.  Maybe you can try to layer and twist the denim to make it look more like real damascus (pattern welded steel...) without the need for the plywood blocks.
denim
Could you try something like this, but with a gray or beige denim?
Amazing Work 👏  And 30:05 I laughed so loud 😂
Cam, the denim fuzziness is just a function of denim micarta. A number of fabric micartas do this, it's the threads of the original fabric
Denim. Sure. Why not? It's fun. It's weird, but I like it. Curious if the dark and medium might be a nicer pairing, so you wouldn't have as high a contrast/psychedelic look.. nicely done   Side note, and not to be the safety police, but I have a career in safety so whatever. You don't want to lay your respirator on the work bench, especially inside up. Especially when the tool is just spinning down. Stuff you're protecting yourself from inside up inside. That's my soap box. Thank you.
MOAR DENIM!  - I bet Walter Sorrells would love to get one of these...  EDIT: @1:44 The 'damascus' vs. 'pattern-welded' debate ended decades ago. ALL real smiths use these terms interchangeably. The language simply has evolved, and the only people who'll still start arguments about these terms are guys who, at absolute best, have forged a handful of blades, but usually just dweebs who watched a few YT videos, or maybe read a book on the matter.
Jamascus
Stunning, love the denim. Please do more. Thanks
Denim
DENIM table is awesome
"Well, actually..."
DENIM
Denim ish, maybe one made out of old military service uniforms from army and marines i think with the layers showing the way you did could be very cool
The "true damascus" bit was funny, but it got me curious to know what "true" damascus really is. And I found out that the original damascus steel wasn't layered like the modern version but naturally emerged from melted steel solidified with some specific forging process. I didn't know that was possible, but it sounds really neat!
That list of 40 items needs to be corrected... and I hate softball anyway...
Denim … but use tartan.
Denim. Beautiful and creative!
Appreciate your feedback as always, and here’s a link to the course https://www.blacktailstudio.com/the-epoxy-workshop
That is one wild looking table! Looking forward to more denim videos
Pretty neat!
don’t use gloves while operating rotating tools/machines. if your glove gets stuck in the rotating part, your whole hand will be sucked in.
Could this also be called Micarta? Or does that require fiberglass?
DENIM OR WOOD.  i love them both.....2:42 so i can still _educate_ people when they think initialism is the same thing as an ACRONYM ?
next up carbon fiber table
denim table 2.0! Love it!! always look forward to your videos!!
DENIM <3
Screw the Sheriff of Damascus!   I watch your videos because they are entertaining
It's a beautiful, lovely job you've done mate
You should check out this guy who makes denim frames for glasses https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nz32hZNGYMA
denim! Love the project, would love to see more of them. Thought about making the frame in denim? And a wood top ?. Btw. you had an almost Lex Luthor vibe going on while staring into the camera in the end haha :D
Denim...love the table
Thank you for the list you provided as well! That is actually SUPER Helpful! I was cracking up so much with that dialogue! 🤣☠
Grandios!!!
I think that since you've done two Denim projects you should take a break and maybe revisit it in a couple of years. tjmo.
Carbon Fiber Table!!!
Man, you are awesome!  Replying direclty to the Karen's in your videos!  That's one of the reason I love your channel!  🥳🥳🥳
Fuzzies = Microfibers!
Good list
Before I’ve even begun watching I already hate it.   Can’t wait to enjoy the whole video and give it a like.
Denim!!! Jeez I want one now! More importantly, you've inspired me to make my own! You rock dude!
as a side note i really like that table.
I've done a few "matte" or satin finishes with epoxy.  Its easier than finish  sanding to buff.  Sand throughly up to atleast 1000 grit.  Then a simple car wax.  My next one I'll finish with a ceramic coating to see how that works over the 1000g or 1500g.  But it looks great.  It feels live velvet. And you cant see any swirls or pigtails from the sander.
I think I like your previous denim table. For my eye the top on this one has a little too much going on. overall a great idea and I like seeing new materials used in a creative way.
I think the Mosevic guy needs one of these!
Did you seriously not list Hoover?? What the hell. Unsubscribing, Cam
I love being corrected. I hope bad things happen to people who get mad at being corrected, instead. lol jk.
@19:34 🤣🤣
More Denim (Geometric shapes?)
That would look great in my recording studio
the cotton fibers in the denim is why it gets soft feeling.  This tabel / desk is wicked I love it.
That's a really cool concept. And I think it looks pretty cool.
Cam, your channel is more of a 'learn from me what not to do'.   Honestly,  I enjoy the time and effort you put into your projects.  I'll never be able to afford anything you create,  but it doesn't stop me from enjoying the process
Next one you should try to use different thicknesses of wood pieces. It’ll give you different depths to the “Damascus” patterns.
DENIM!!! Pardon my French, but… Fuck yeah!
You could make it more psychedelic by using different coloured denim fabric, you have a whole spectrum of colours, reds, greens, purples yellows ect.   Sure the cost would go up but it would be absolutely bonkers!! I cant wait to see what you do next time ❤
Language! My kids where watching with me! I love your videos and my kids love them too but please, watch the language
Denim. So cool! It belongs in a high-end jean shop in Soho lol
DENIM Your Damascus is closer to true Damascus vs "Damascus" you see on the Tubez. Thank you for clarifying what "Damascus" is for the sake of this video.
😂 The list of 40 items was awesome!
the polymer chains of the epoxy are too big/long to fit between the individual fibers of the denim. they slosh thru the larger weave just fine.
19:35 - "What the fuck did you do now"
I absolutely adored your last denim table, watched it like 6 times. The world’s most anticipated sequel has arrived!
Denim!
It'd be interesting to see you mix denim with mid century modern type coffee table.
favorite table so far
The epoxy is probably burning away when you cut from the heat caused by the friction of the cutting/sanding. This is what is likely causing that fuzz
More denim, I’m in love with the psychedelic look
More denim, also "the sheriff of Damascus" actually sounds badass
Great now I get to watch all your undercover underlyings put their spin on a denim project all year! 🤗
Erm actually, that was damascus monster not damascus
I watch half for the content and half for the brilliant dry humor. Keep it up!
If you do another one of these Denim tables you should look into vacuum infusion, would be a fun process and far less messy! Great work! love your videos!
Cam, tell the haters where to go!!
Finally a new video!,
Denim.  Dude is just so fucking innovative.  Had my but puckerin there Cam, that's entertainment !
17.   GRAND   W T H    I SEE YOUR NOT WEARING  YOUR MASK WHEN YOU USE THE SPRAYS,   COZ YOUR GETTING HIGH ON YOUR FUMES DUDE   REALLY   17 GRAND    REALLY   !!!
Gorgeous!!!  Perhaps you get even more daring and add layers of different color denim.  Patriotic red, white, & blue?
I've been waiting for the next video. Pleasant surprise when I opened youtube on break today🎉
About the fuzziness.... at the end of the day, it's still a fabric and even though it's been infused with epoxy, it will still behave like a material when sanded because the sanding is tearing at the material where a saw blade just cuts it cleanly.  finishing it should be basically the same as finishing a wood surface- reseal the material and sand it smooth. Possibly two coats but you already know this.
Denim, love your channel and work and  please i know that u are not using metric system, but if u can inclood that that would be great.
i do hate all those annoying little fucking screws too.
This table is 🔥. Keep up the good work
Denim. Why does the denim get fuzzy? Reasonably sure it's because when you sand the epoxy off the fibers will make their way to the surface, and the sanded fiber at the surface will fray leading to the fuzzy feel. By adding that last layer of epoxy back on, you're trapping all the fibers again and making it feel like epoxy again.
2:06 LOOOOOL
Cool! I think it would be cooler with a more natural pattern though :) If the initial shape of it would be like a naturally folded cloth. For example you drop a cloth on a flat surface, let it have some folds, maybe move around a bit to make more folds. Then when you like the shape, you can spray it with something that would harden it, then pour plaster to make a hard durable mold, and there you have it - a natural cloth looking mold.
Make a denim lamp that looks like a pair of jeans that was left outside to freeze
Gorgeous!
i dont hope bad things happen to people who correct stuff that was kinda harsh
13:42 those screws...🙄
Denim! 🙂 Absolutely love the finished table! Now to go back and watch the rest of the video! (Yes, I know, I cheated! Sue me!) 🙂
More please
Hi cam do you like denim
Denim, Really.... youve been mia for like 8 weeks and you present us with Denim... lol, happy your back...
denim, have you ever considered that maybe you were meant to be a seamstress? love this build
Demin ;)
2:04 crying my eyes out 😂
Do you recommend I starch my jeans with liquid glass?
Denim win!  ikea rant….. chefs kiss!!🤌 And background audio at Creative🤣🤣 Thats freakin cool denim and white oak Rorschach table!
There was a guy that I used to work with that would get bent out of shape talking about Velcro. If it wasn't made by the actual Velcro brand, he would snap and try to make us call it "hook and loop". He would do that with Kleenex and tissues, as well. Hated that guy, wish the worst.
Is it safe to use gloves on a router table?
denim. shotgun the epoxy again
Cam, you absolute savage 😂
Hey this is Cam of Camgirl studio
Denim. Do a video of Scott woodworking and you filming. Also a table idea, make a denim table then cut it up and make it into a pattern plywood style table but denim.
More denim! The table looks amazing. I think another way to look at what you're doing is more like Mokume Gane or the process of layering materials, carving away portions to expose the layers and then flattening it to a smooth surface.
Some comments are not worth the time to read them. I love your work .This one is especially nice.P.S. The comments I was reffering to warw the one you called out in the video
Could not wait for new video, hello from Czech Republic.
I'm looking forward to watching this. Your last denim table was sick.
Denim all the way  I almost want to post a bad comment to get a shoutout
what if you somehow cut the table in half width-wise? then you'd have TWO TABLES!
He takes so long to release one of his videos so I watch the last video like 20 times 😂
That's not true Damascus denim. That's pattern epoxied denim.
Haven’t we seen this before …. ?????????????
As a Bladesmith myself, starting YouTube a few months ago... I FEEL THAT "Pattern Welded Steel" comment SO BAD.  Shut up peps, its damascus.
Denim. Next you need to do one based on cubism.
Denim. I wonder what a leather epoxy table would look like? Maybe a combination of leather & denim
You had me cracking up!!!!
This is super creative.  Love it!
I'm not birching but true Damascus is not only the folded over metals over and over but it also creates a very hard metal that can keep an edge like no other.  I got duped on Scamazon years ago and didn't read the fine fine print and ended up getting that laser engraved Damascus print and it cut like a stick of butter threw a brick.  I got a sweet sharp edge on it and the air dulled it transporting it to the cutting table.   My true Damascus cut the edge of my thumb nail off and nicked the corner of my thumb and didn't feel it until the potato I was cutting turned pink lol
Oh hell no. I am telling Velcro lawyers on you. They will sing the hell out of you.
More Denim!  Love the table.  Truly Awesome
Kyle Royer is a Damascus master. you should check him out on YT http://www.youtube.com/@KyleRoyerKnives
If you are one of those people who responds to any correction or criticism with a passive-aggressive attitude, snark, entitlement and ego, nobody likes you and everyone wishes you would speak less.
I enjoy watching these types of videos it gets me inspired to create my own items
Denim ...... You left "hot water heater" off your list.🤔
You are totally entertaining!😂
Denim! Wait, what other ways of saying "Thermos" is there?
You spent so long pondering if you could do it, you forgot to ask if you should
i laughed so hard. BTW, you could have glued a dowel to the top of tiny pieces, and work from above, but thats not thrilling.
Someone named Nathan Hill is posting your videos on Facebook. The one I saw was from your stairs you built in your shop.
The list of corrections no one wants to hear was far shorter than you could have gone, I admire your restraint.
"Nobody likes you and we hope bad things happen to you"  😂
You just know how to do clickable projects dont you
I tried to come up with a capentry pun that woodwork. I think I nailed it 😂
Personally, I likeeee. Very cool concept. Nice work, sir!
Lol😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lets goooooooo!
For anyone wondering, the reason it wouldn't actually be considered Damascus, is because it wasnt actually made in the city of Damascus.
Wooooo have been waiting for you to upload again ! Love from Australia !!!
who ever buys this will get scammed. you couldn't pay me to buy one these pieces. real wood workers don't use epoxy and also your mom probably is not proud of you (non of this is true I love your channel, pls roast this comment, all your projects are a creative inspiration, keep it up)
beautiful jable!
I Have been waiting for you to upload and now you come out with this... cant wait to see the results!!  (those plywood pieces went flying lmao)
cazy
I love your vids. ❤
Love all your vids cam
3rd
Notification gang
Hello :)
ENGAGEMENT. Okay now i will watch the video
Let’s get this party started
cant wait to watch another banger
First
