This qoute from Bob Stoops a American football high school coach which i bet 99% of every has never heard off sums up the current atmosphere at Manchester United   "losers assemble in small groups and complain about the coaches and other players. Winners assemble as a team and find ways to win. "
MARK DO YOU NOT  UNDERSTAND IT MIGHT BE THE TEAM BUT SURLEY YOU KNOW THE GLAZERS ARE PREPARING TO SELL THE CLUB THATS WHY THEY ARE DOING THE FUCKING BARE MINIMUM JUST TO SUSTAIN THE CLUB,FORGET ABOUT DE JONG THEY HAD NO INTENSION ON BUYING HIM IN THE FIRST PLACE.QANOTHER THING YOU DONT TAKE MESSAGES ON TWITTER YOU COWARD
Listen the English boys have gone to pot. Throw away the tin openers! If we wanna get at city.
Maybe you should play for them!
I remember 10nyears ago harry Redknapp was doing a show and he predicted united were going to cash , except he said the glaisers would strip the club of all its value and disband the club ,
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
👁🥶👁💉💰 ?
It's not the players leaking, it's staff. Goldbrich talking out of his arse – as usual. Choose a quality podcast instead, one with actual facts, contacts and the intelligence to analyze.
blaming Ronaldo is cheap.   when he goes man United are in trouble
Wooden pipes, woodpeckers, pure partridge.
Imagine being so far up your own self, that when something goes wrong you blame one of the best footballers to have ever played professional football
Selling Garner defeats the idea of having an academy in the first place. Our brains are skewed backwards
Conte was the right manager for Man Utd and he improve players just look at victor moses, ben davies, eric dier etc… well Conte did dodge a bullet by not been given the ManUtd job
At this point luckhurst is just living in the walls of carrington 😂
ronaldo isnt the problem, ronaldo is certain Man united players problem and thats because he threatens the awful status quo they uphold and reinforces a winning mentality and hard work attitude, Many of these players hate that because to them this is just a job to do to get paid. No heart, No spirit while ronaldo embodies that, so they hate him for it instead of embracing it
Barcelona have struggled since changing their transfer policy and buying in talent instead, big earners with big egos.... get rid of those egos..... gives youngersters with a point to prove to play
TEN HAG SHOULD RESIGN IMMEDIATELY AND SAVE HIMSELF THE EMBARRASSMENT FROM THIS RUBBISH RUNNED CLUB..
You praise sing for Ronaldo too much
You might want to defend Ronaldo all the time but it correlates, now he may have only upset the vibes in the dressing room, now this should not matter with professional people but we know we are dealing with adults with teenage mentalities, they should go instead but it isn’t happening (depending how many we are talking about) so maybe removing Ronaldo might help the short term and considering hes only there for the short term it would be the sensible move when he also wants to go.
"TEN HAG Loses Control"(what a foolish headline)  the united stand & Mark Goldbridge are contributing to United's downfall. I mean players, even prospective players watch these videos and this is what they are influenced by
United would rather keep the most useless player in McTominay and sell a promising player in Garner. Damn the Scottish bias is quite evident. Saf and Fletcher must be having a fist bump
Do we even no for sure the board ain't just puppets if the owners don't give it a thought how can anyone else get owt done . If there nkt get back answers
All problems you mentioned are true. But we shouldn’t ignore that Ten Hag is very one dimensional. He will learn but likely take a couple of years. Let’s not forget that is what happened to Ferguson.
We could have got de jong three months ago. Why now with two weeks ago
I felt sorry for ten hag. That interview after the 4-0 loss. He's eye's told a thousand stories. He looked like a lost sheep or a dog whose getting told off for doing a poop on the carpet. If he had a tail it would be firmly between he's legs.
Mactominay and Fred are worst player  in man u
Man u please hijack matheu Nunes deal and don't sign matheu kunha
De Jong de Jong de Jong.. this sjit is annoying. Its like hes the messiah coming to save maguire, Shaw, mctom, dalot, rashford and United from disgrace. Mark goobtidge is delusional and misleading
man United needs an open heart surgery
didn't the captaincy get voted for by the players?
Hope Manchester United gets relegated and they can rebuild the team from scratch.
There  are  few players  that are touchable  such ad martial,  bruno, rashford n  degea. The only way to  get  rid of them is to suppress, depress and pressure  them without reasons. Another  way  don't let play. Activate the  young  players. If the manager  can't  handle it  then it will be to resign. U must be in command n control of the players. Good  luck.  Execute the sop that I mentioned. But before you decide to  execute  think carefully  otherwise  there will  alot problems
The Glazers will remain in position as long as they continue to make profits out of the club. The only thing to do to make them consider leaving is if a dent is made in their profits. A few weeks with supporters continuously chanting against them at the games..LOUDER and more VISIBLE demonstrations against them and the club’s management…boycotting the sales of the club’s merchandise…might deliver the message.
great work mark!
Ps I’m not going mad anymore cos it’s legit affected mental health cos it’s such an emotional thing is loving your football club and seeing it being destroyed is heart breaking
Only person on the pitch that showed any emotion and frustration this past weekend was ronaldo! So what’s coming out ronaldo disrupts the dressing room, 🤔 because he actually wants to win and has a go at his team mates? Yeah they need to give there heads a shake.
How strange that united could actually end liverpool title chances
He was never in control to start with
If I was Ronaldo I’d eat on my own too through fear that I’d eat the same as the rest of the team and it would turn me into a lazy, useless , disloyal bag of shite crap player like the rest of them.
If I was Frenkie e Jong I wouldn't come anywhere near that side. I hope it's Garner's wish to be sold and Van De Beek is a bit to humble he should demand to be sold also. It hurts me to watch edioya being picked ahead of him. He should look out fo himself.
If i was garner i would go back to nott
Garner is a cracking young midfielder just like Livett they want to leave because there are players who are stuck on to play even when they are god damn awful.
Unbelievable to think that Ronaldo is the problem when all he’s done is realise our owners ambition just like Pogba realised too 🤔 these are players with a serial winning mentality’s and our club can’t match there’s which is why there’s always dips in there performances
Going up against a wounded Liverpool next week with our bad lot 🤦🏻‍♂️🫣
Our club has went from being biggest club to biggest laugh 😮😂 belter 👏👍
8-10 players need to go ASAP Maguire TOP of that list 💩
Glaziers out
Here we go with fans already calling for a sack smh
Harry Maguire is a shill
Selling Garner ...the future CDM is hopefully just a joke.
Ten Hag should have tried to convince Pogba to stay. De Jong and Pogba, that would be a nice midfield.
Garner will be the next cleverly no great loss
Garner = financial lever 😂
McGuire is so slow he still doesn’t know he’s 💩
Mctominay is bad but garners not modric
Suicidal team
Does goldbridge know man utd need a CDM?
Don’t wait any change just change your team.there is no contract to support this sh**t club forever
Man.U will never be as it was.
Gold bridge is such an arrogant tool
The club need to do an enquiry and find the leaks. I thought it was lingard and Henderson
Vardy press better than Rashford.
Rashford is the leak.. Chuck him out he is a finished product.
This are tough times, not just the results but the inept performances.  Liverpool dropping points has put a smile on my face though, a glimmer of happiness in these desperate times.
Ten has lost his Haag after two games  Keeping the idiot but selling garner
ANGRY WOOD PEPAh)))))
Ten hag has to be ruthless and impose his authority on the club and make a statement. I’d rid of Maguire and Ronaldo as a start who seem to both part of the main ‘clique’.
It is not Ten Hag’s fault that the club is in a mess but I just don’t think he is the man. Selling Garner is just appalling. It could all implode soon. We may need Big Sam to save us from relegation.
I’m so happy Pogba left this toxic club. Enough blame on him
This is exactly why We needed a Conte type of manager
Imagine selling Garner and keeping McTominay, what is going at Manchester United??
ETH hasn't won over the dressing room. Leaks again. Players unhappy. Desperate performances. ETH needs to walk to save his reputation.
I questioned Erik the minute we lost against Atletico. I knew that the minute those players come up against real footballers they fold like the wet tissues they are.   Erik saying he has to get the best out of that squad was immediate “you fucking fool. You fell for it. I can’t believe an experienced coach like you is agreeing to this shite. That team didn’t get second. Everyone else was just shite. And Man City won by 12 points clear. Wasn’t even a good 2nd place.
Pull your head out your backside mate, the De Jong story has been around days before you mentioned it!
Get rid of the lot. Promote the youth, stop the leaks, play for the badge.
MU are doing a Leeds, on steroids!
ETH should walk away now.
These Glazers apart from skinning fans, have been  causing fans so much of grief.  Fans - please wake up & don't support Glazers by buying any merchandise
Ten Hag's demise has already started. It is like the club want him to fail by not backing him in the transfer market. Bruno Fernandez, Harry Maguire and McTominay should never play for United again.
Everyday gets more depressing with this football club. We have to be ready for the nightmare even worse than previous years, lads. God save us all.
Pochettino coming in while the World Cup is on ….
if we get relegated, will we clear out all the primadonas of the club? if yes then im willing to see the relegation to clear out the players. and use the youth to step up in the lower division.
Laughing stock
Sell Ronaldo.
Lol
Glazier's gave him 51 million for a 5.9" central defender.
So for the people who say the leaks are Ronaldo and Ronaldo is the issue.....why do all these issues predate Ronaldo and the same leaks in the same format were also before Ronaldo came.  It's more new players coming in and showing them up in training and this is the old guards revenge.
RONALDO CAN NEVER DO WRONG WITH THIS GUY. NEVER
Call a spade a spade…Rashford is the leak.
The Uncoachables 😸
Ronaldo could shoot Mark's grandma in the face and he'd still find a way of protecting him. Would probably let him do his Mrs too.
Trashford is the leak
I was watching Rabiot at PSG and the guy was really good then. But selling Garner & keep Mctominay is a joke of the century
Showing the club mismanagement absolutely poor decisions
this club is crap i hate the glazers
Worry not things will get better for united beginning with the game against Liverpool.
If you’re forcing players on a new coach it says all you need to know on wether you’re a big club or not
So sick and tired of United fans declaring Ragnick a saint. What has he achieved for United?
It's a neverending nightmare 🙈 absolutely sick of it
Andy CArrol is available  !!!! ha haha
I am 200% sure MANCHESTER is RED this week. All the United fans are suffering from hematemesis after the BLOODY BRENTFORD MATCH!!!
De Jong is not signing ffs... All the rumours are bs
So we are getting rid of Ronaldo, garner, pogba, bailly and soon VDB, varane and gonna keep Mctominay, Fred, Phil Jones, lindelof, shaw, rashford, maguire 🤣🤣 at what time do you guys accept that our club is done for and stop expecting things from these owners and players
I don’t think Frankie de jong is going to solve any of these problems.. ragnick already said we have too many technical players.. they just get bullied. The same will happen to him.
Time for me to stop watching football. Especially UTD. Selling Garner a midfielder is madness and trying to buy midfielders who don’t want to play in Manchester.
Everyone in the team don’t talk to each other. World class player like CR7 need to play under fxxking Harry Maguire as the captain. Now you know that Alexis want to cancel his transfer on the first day he came might be a fact.
Manchester City the best
ten hag should resign
Rashford is crap.  Ten Hag is obviously a Yes Man......
Of all the absolutely crap players that could be sold, they choose Garner the on bright light???
Ten hag should have gotten rid of these players. If no one wants them means they are crap. Chelsea is a football club they got rid of lukaku and werner and more to follow. Seems we are stuck with a broken car and keep trying to fix it instead of getting rid of it!!
I only watched the first 12 minutes. It was so depressing I couldn't take anymore!
All I will say is de gea has often been the only one to come out and apologise when he hasn't been the one who's job it is. This time he just knew it was his mistake that started the leak of goals.
Poch to come after Liverpool defeat.
MUN who has bewitched you.Every thing is just going wayward
If Ronaldo wants to leave all he has to do is give a televised interview saying so
And this point fukc Man United 🤷🏾.. not worth disrupting my mental peace 🥴!!!
Jamie Vardy be a Savage signing mark
they can only sell who valuable no one want to buy  any crap player
Just show us the status quo of that dressing room. We, fans, would like to know what's going on there just like those documentaries from other teams.
Eth just leave man utd....you never gonna win against the press and the supporters, it was a mistake :( even lvg said it
We are the new AC Milan without the sun 🌞
Why in the hell is malacia not starting. 2bruno n rushford is starting every match fr....
Sir Alex would of got control of this team with/ without transfers so it's on ten hag
Other than pep, Klopp and Conte no manager intimidates players, most players know they have control, no matter what Ten Haag does he won’t have control of United. Soon your club and fans realise the better
Ik hoop dat Ten Hag het redt, maar ik vrees dat hij met deze matige spelers niet gaat redden. I am sorry for Ten Hag and Man UTD.
the old players are all rubbish. they simply are not  good enough and no quality at all. get rid of them. Bruno, Rashford, Shaw, Fred, Mc Tomany, Maguire, Ronaldo, Dalot.
Ten hag was warned by van gaal not to go to united
If you don't receive control on a silver plate, you take control
ETH commited career suicide like any footballer joining United
Sell mcfred-rashford-maguire!Shaw! Get these players out they dont deserve to wear the shirt! GET THE glazers OUT!!!
All the managers we fired . Their teams now are doing better than man Utd  now. We are the dumb one in the end
Not only are the players not good enough, they are awful characters as well
First the Glazers must go. The CEO and DOF are doing a lousy job in the transfer market.
Stories now that United don’t want Ronaldo
do these players not get embarrased ? maybe just used to losing
Feels like these managers and owners want Utd to fail
Mess
We have no midfielders as it is. Why sell him when you should start over mcfred
I suspect Mctominay is one of the leaks
I think the reason for Maguire staying as captain and starter is the fact he's one of the few players with a bit of a non-ego mentality. He's a bad player, i can't even see leadership but somehow it makes sense
It's like the glazers hate united fans 😭😂
We are not going to be relegated - bank that stranger stuff has happened I dont see how these players win games.
I'm convinced it's fergie keeping mctominay in that squad
Why aren't we in on Ismael Bennacer if we want to bring in a midfielder / a guy who has actually played the 6 role.
Garner being sold for being a good footballer.
The uncoachables 😂
each day gets worse and worse, im fully depressed, on top of it each day that goes by without us making a move in the window makes me even more depressed, i can try to type all i want and share what i'm feeling but i can't... have no words.
Theater of nightmares
We need to hire Ted Lasso
Ronaldo….the bad apple
Selling Garner and keeping Fred and McTominay would be the last straw.
Time to stop watching Utd this season and just look forward to the World Cup
I'd make the whole team sit down outside old Trafford and appear Infront of us United fans and take our questions, we deserve answers as to why they are so bad and what the hell is actually happening at OUR club.  Tomatoes in hand!!!!!!
The way things are going I suggest you get a real job
How is Ten Hag a good coach if he can't get anything out of DVB a player he made
I love the way you know everything inside the club as if your always in those meetings
Selling Garner is a mistake, there are many who should go but they are worthless I’m afraid, it’s rotten from top to bottom, mr ten Hag will walk in September & I don’t blame him at all, sick of it all ,been watching this team since 67, never so bad as this! The championship is near, some players might be ok there as they won’t be wanted elsewhere.
Warter pipes are mostly blue plastic....just saying.
Sell Mctominy, maguire and rashford
we r finished as a club!!its over n gone!!!problems frm last season exist n its more!!!we r banter club at its worst!!!glazers out out out!!!!!!!
Seems like its the english players who leak all these stuff
Goldbridge's career modes are managed better than Manchester Utd, and that's being kind
We are a joke at the moment why not add the queen of leaks to that👍
Disappointed every time I hear man united news, can’t even watch these horror games anymore. Rubbish team, rubbish owners, rubbish fans that can’t take a STAND for the team they love
Stupid decision
What a toxic club.
My new back line… Malacia, McTominay, Varane, Elanga!!!!!!! Time to switch up some s***!
ten hag shouldn’t have been made manager
You know whats worse  you's will turn up for the liverpool game but then will disappear for the next couple of games
If we have to pay an extra 10m to get De Jong just pay it and sooner rather than later.
Selling Garner??? 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️  What is Mctominnay still doing at my club 🤬😡😡
It's almost a looks if the ppl with the cheque book wanted poch !!!!
What happen to ten hag fining the players that leak anything to the papers or kick them out of the club
I am so mad mctominay was not on the pitch for the first half. Now someone could think he is not part of the problem...
Starting Eriksen as a CDM?  Alarm bells should have been ringing about EtH's suitability as manager when that decision was made.
If the players are falling out with each other they need to look at the name UNITED, grow up and act as the name
The biggest problem in that team is on Bruno,Fred,Rashford,Mctommy,Shaw.
Now is it possible the board was able to convince Ten Hag that the current squad is good or Ten Hag convinced the board rather and felt he can still improve this current crop of players?
After 10 games it's possible United won't have even 10 points ...if this happens then we are looking at a relegation fight
Sell McTominay - we could get £25 million for him as some managers eg Mourinho rate him.
They might want to save the brand but the more he plays the more his brand is getting tarnished anywa
De Jong offer expired btw need new deal now
If you think Ronaldo wants to play Europa league you have no common sense of course ten hag will say he wants him he doesn’t want to publicly throw him under the bus
We shouldnt be called man united there boyz and whens the last time we've been united
Why not keep and play garner thats madness.  He had a great season and could be productively used as the midfield and team is awful so why not play younger hungry players. Madness. Also people stop blaming Ronaldo he was the only one trying to get the team going at 2-0 down didn't see that from captain maguire. When Ronaldo goes will be looking for someone else to blame.
We should just buy De Jong or Savic, Rabiot and Antony - simply pay up to have an outside chance of top 5!
I can’t listen to Goldbridge suck Ronaldo off anymore. Just come out of the closet and profess your love already.
The club has more leaks as our bloody  defense!!!
I’d rather keep Garner and not sign De Jong
I'd Play martinez in front of the back 4 break up the play an get that ball moving forward malacia ahead of Shaw Dalot on the right varane an lindelof or bailly in the middle 4, 1,3,2, formation van de beek fernandes to the left of vdb an Erikson to the right of vdb Ronaldo playing striker sancho playing rfw in front of Erikson there's goals in that set up
Sell them all!!!
I’ve never seen Mark be so pessimistic before, change your mindset bro
I've been saying to my brother for a few weeks. 'That Garner lad has potential, about time we played him.' Today we announce he's for sale. Do the Glazers WANT to fail?
People talking bad about players, that can be a cover up how bad is being the seen distration wake up
Lets support Manchester city boys 💪🏾💪🏾
honestly i hope we get relegated
Each day is worse than the last.🤒
Selling Garner is a joke and will embarrass the club soon!
As I have said, the club is going down the drain.  There's only one way we are going and that the Championship.  Supported United for 50 years, I didn't think i would ever thing this.
ETH doesn’t fancy garner 😂😂
I genuinely think we’re 10 years away from challenging for the title. Other clubs are going to continue to improve . It’s a mountain to climb
We bought dalot for 20 mil after playing 8 games for porto, amader diallo for 40 mil after very few games for atalanta, garner played complete season in championship around 35 games, and we value him at 15 mil... We as fans absolutely go against board like we did with arnautovic, for keeping garner
Can I just remind the clowns blaming CR7 that without him last season we’d have been even further down than we were.
Y not fire eth and put ronaldo as player coach
Glazers out across the board and that's the proper start were we can build a strong foundation for a good strong infrastructure to go on top of the strong foundation an that ain't happening while glazers are top of the pyramid I'm looking at it like were going to be fighting for top 10 were not going to get the player's ten hag walks or we get the players and eventually ten hag still walks
What has Harry Maguire done at United???
You need "Bob the Builder" to fix this club 🤕
if we need funds then we should sell Harry, Maguire, Lindelof ,Mctominay, AWB, Luke Shaw, Henderson, Bailly...
Roy Kean would be a great manager for united
I think bruno Fernandes will be back to what he was if United actually start playing well he suits tem hags system having watched him in portugal for sporting playing in a similar style of play. People like Maguire,Mctominay,Rashford,Shaw need to go now seek them or bench them and the team will actually be better because they are the worst right now in man united by far. Play malacia play varane and Martinez
How can Erik Ten Hag lose the dressing room after just two games in charge? You'd think when he became coach/manager someone would of given him a tour of Old Trafford and shown him where the Home dressing room was.
The Glaziers need the sell players   to buy players  for Erick Ten Hag rebuild .
These leakers are concerned about Ronaldo and his  desire and ambition to  win, These leakers lack the desire and ambition  to win anything .. NO Cups, Trophies, Premier leagues, Champions Leagues  by  these these players who lack ambition and desire to win at United.
Imagine if this season we had an insight on an all or nothing documentary🥴😂
banter club
Somewhere Ralph Rangnick is smiling to himself.  ETH has been shocked by how bad the players are, how dysfunctional the squad is, how strong the League is, how dysfunctional the board is, and how toxic the whole situation is.  They are trying to heal what can't be healed. They need to sell Maguire, Lindelof, Jones, Shaw, Telles, Bissaka, Williams, Dalot, McTomintheway, Fred, Bruno, Rashford, and Martial.  Until they are sold, the team should be De Gea, Varane (capt), Bailly, Malacia, Laird/Mengi (do not loan them), Martinez (CDM), Donny, Garner (do not sell him), Eriksen, Sancho, Ronaldo....
Someone has got to check on Mark. Do u have this much loyalty to your family?
Agree Garner should stay mistake to let him go not the rest first
Last season man utd lost to city 4-0, the first thing that came out of United dressing room was, of course players don't know why ronaldo who wasn't even in squad was not in the stadium and thats why we werent motivated.. This came out last season... Any time we loss, leaks come out on ronaldo... Don't say marks not right on that
We need to sell these leakers ASAP...
Marks analysis of Jamie Vardy is exactly the reason United are where they are, Vardy might not be a star name but works his socks off every game, chases every lost cause, how many of the current United team do that? ZERO! Vardy is exactly the kind of player United need right now! But he isn't a big name so can't be good enough, United need to get off there high horse & come back to reality, you ain't the team you once were!
Hopefully Ten Hag proves me wrong but as soon as he started to back maguire and call him a “successful footballer” I lost all faith in him
I like TH
Ralph was correct in his assesment about our players who threw Ralph under the bus.We needed to buy 10 new players at United.
Why are we  are playing long ball FC with Ten Hags team.
It’s clear the board controls who plays
Souček, Tonali, Borre,Tsygankov....lacroix,tavernier, berchiche....
haha Garner is being sold, wtf, it's a struggle to keep being hopeful
Who are leaking these stories at United? These individuals need to be sold ASAP... Nothing has really  changed at United...
If I were TH I would ignore certain rules. Just play the players you signed. Stop starting Maguire, McTominay, Luke Shaw, Bruno and Fred. Start them when they improve. Maguire needs to show speed and passing ability to actually deserve a spot. McFred need to be able to pass and move and pass with a purpose. Luke Shaw needs to lose weight. And Bruno needs to stop diving and arguing with referees when the foul hasn't been given and also work on his passing.
Its so disheartening to feel the manager will get the sack way before the players or owners ever will get kicked out this club.. we all know who is at fault here and spoiler it is not the manager
Now United are selling Garner?! Instead of McTominay and Fred?! What kind of a rebuild is this ?!
I swear us fans need to do more to get these glazers out
Can't really call the leaks mark, you live off them.
crazy situation for gardner i really feel bad for him, but i can see why we can't sell any other players..let alone get them out on loan without having to pay half there wages still so i hope if we sell gardner we put in a buy back clause
I think if the players don't play well they shouldn't get paid
Selling Garner is up there in the top 10 scandalous things I’ve seen in my 30 years of supporting united. Joke!! I am fuming!!
Don't use Maguire anymore,  I think the Captain will be Varane. Second Captain Christensen. Sell 6 players : De Ghea, Fred, Tominay, Lindelof, Rashford n  Maguire
Can't believe one of the greatest players ever is being captained by Harry Fucking Maguire. A player who captained Portugal to a European trophy and has 5 UCLs only to be captained by HARRY MAGUIRE
So Ronaldo wanted leave at the beginning of June because of the lack of transfer inactivity? The Summer transfer window started on June 10th and runs until Sep 1st...
Under the bus .
Sell the whole squad. Too many Frankenstein players who are lazy
For me sell Ronaldo and Harry Maguire and things will improve
"the uncouchables"
it feels like the players have chosen to throw the manager under the bus again already. Either that are they are just not good enough for Manchester United. If not then they should be dropped and sold. Ten Hag grow a pair please soon.
Michael Knighton needs to buy the team now.
Why is ten hag getting criticsed about choosing Maguire as captain? It makes no sense. Okay, maguire is probably not the best captain or player but who else in this awful squad  would you make as captain. Nobody deserves it, they're all weak. Just keep the status quo until a proper captain walks in through the door. it's unnecessary discourse in this squad because whoever he'd choose to give to will for sure not deserve it.
Sky sports few moments ago united offer for fdj has expired hahaha so goldbridge still remains 90% gud for him hahaha
Now within a few weeks ten hag would be made the scapegoat and everyone would start blaming him for the failed transfer window. Probably would get fired before the world cup break and they would get pochettino
No one could make maguire.fred mctominay,bruno anybetter
Ever since Jose its been happening the dressing room is poison it's that simple
United are finished
Mark's had plenty of bad takes but comparing Ten Hag to Klopp and Pep before we hired them might be the worst among them.
Why the under par players can stay but Jose, Ole, Rangnick had to leave? Support ETH!
The 'uncoachables', haha... I like that.
Mark stop protecting that incompetent mug Ten Hag. He's the new Frank De Boer.
Spurs are getting garner right ? LOL is as he has a wage other teams will be ok with
There is a reason why Barcelona want to get rid of De Jong as quickly as possible besides his ridiculous salary. He's not as good as you might think. If you hope that De Jong will solve our problems, you are very wrong. I'd much rather buy more non hyped but good players than very expensive "good" ones. Because getting rid of them if they don't work is almost impossible.
Ten Eggs Hard is up to his eyeballs
I can’t understand why Utd are going to sell midfielder and a player who had a good season last year. Time to stop supporting Utd and watching football since 1966-67
Erik is being treated with the same contempt as with Ralph!
Klopp said exactly how It is. United is ran like a circus. No wonder he didn’t choose the job.
🙈 spending 50m+ on cb to play him cdm when we could have brought an actual cdm for 25m. My confidence in Ten Hag is already dwindling he's not going to get anywhere near the time Ole had if he doesn't start showing improvements. Sort the the fucking line up out at least!
Goldbridge: "you can't polish a turd!!"  Glazers : "Bring out the turdsheen"
Poch was the man.
If ten hag plays the same team against Liverpool serious questions need to be asked about what is going on and why he’s continuing to play the same team that literally failed his two predecessors.
Playing the same players that have proven they're not good enough and selling a player who hasn't even had a chance and did very well in his loan spell at a club that got promoted... clubs a joke. I hope if Garner goes he proves these clowns wrong, I'm sure he will
ETH isn’t what we think he is. All his decisions are weird like his personality n communication.
Yes mark, when Alex crook agreed, it became credible!!!!!! (Joel glazer can’t press)
I can't believe professional players are ok with constantly underperforming but playing because of contractual clauses. Embarrassing.
We need to lose some games in order for glazers to sell the club! and afterwards we can start a rebuild... until then.. we will be stagnant!
Garner hasn't even had a proper run and he's on the list to be sold? Yet we still have Phil Jones at the club?
I think it's simple, the players have game time in their contracts, Maguire came in and was immediately captain so let's hope that wasn't in his contract 🤦‍♂️
My prediction for this season: Manutd sack Ten Hag in December, we are bottom of the league and Sam Allyrdice is appointed to keep us in premier league.
Murtough, Fletcher, Maguire, McTominay and Shaw are the root problems in United. Solving this is a good start.
Get Coleen Rooney in to flush out the leaking plonkers.
2:45 this is what Arteta is doing with arsenal you guys need a season out of Europe and to get rid of the dead wood and build a team that will gel and it will take a few transfer windows but if you carry on with what your doing now your only gonna get worse as smaller teams get better I mean no offence but you heavily lost to Brighton and Brentford
How can Ronaldo the problem when he voluntary wants to leave🤔
Sack Rashford, Maguire, Mctominy and Fred immediately. They are poison. They are not loyal to United.
Man United is fun. The other big teams, are BORING, with every ready, every works properly,  etc. But BORING
If we are selling James Garner, it means that the hierarchy has concluded that we are getting relegated and the club has no future. The kind of signings that we are linked with (Vardy, Arnautovic) suggests that people running the club are hell bent on complete destruction of the club
just need Roy Keane in the club whether as manager or as coach or any position
Utd fans need to remember fergueson left you with an awful team that needed a complete rebuild...10 years on its no different.
Don't you think De Gea came out and took responsibility in a statement to make the fans realise the truth.  It's such a shock that there is a slight hidden message that he is relying on to pick up on???  Anyone with half a brain can read the message he is trying to send.  Think about it, he asked to speak after that defeat!!!!  It is crystal clear to anyone with half a brain, that it is written into players contracts that they must play and be captain (Maguire, Rashford, McTominay, Fred, Shaw etc).  The signings we made are only to mask that as easy back up players.    Wake up everyone, you think Mbappe is the first player to be given player power lol
Guys you need to trust the process I believe if we play well we can secure top 15 😂
Goldbridge is literally so miserable. i GET man Utd are f****d but I have literally never seen this guy laugh or even smile!!
Europeans don't take the captain seriously. Only utd and arsenal really care
I can see ten hag walking away
Relegation at the end of the season
It is an absolutely terrible situation at our club but what's really troubling me is why the fukk is Garner for sale?! 🤬 These fokin' clowns are seriously hell bent on buying Rabiot!!! Even Sir Alex can't save this club now 🤦🏼‍♂️
You guys need the  matias almeyda as a head coach, former inter player and was a beast and he’s a beast as a coach has that toughness and fire
He will fail, Hw do u sell Garner while Scot nd Fred remains
What a waste of talent if frenkie joins Manchester United
Ronaldo is not happy on Sunday because his team lost a game of football. Which is absolutely ok
Look how quick other top sides drop their “undroppable” players when they act out or don’t perform. We’ve been waiting eight years for Martial and Rashford to come good. McTominay, Fred, and more, the boards refusal to move players on is the number one issue with this club. Can’t recruit top players if there’s no room in a squad full of deadwood.
If ETH can’t fix this then the Football club is finished in its current state, and what a state we are in. Graft, train, play & strive for perfection. That’s all a Professional Footballer needs to do.
Your metaphors are so bad they could play as a deep lying playmaker for Manchester United
Oh no, we thought Dean Henderson was the problem 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 The club needs to be shut down, get sold to someone who actually cares about football and restart from whichever lower division such an action will cause Million times better than the shitshow running post 2013
Why when it's a story "leaked" about Ronaldo it's bollocks but when it's Other its true 🤔
Sell the the first team use the  young lads if we loose every game we will go down fighting with pride
Imagine selling Garner and keeping McTominay, what is going at Manchester United??
Mctominay is Norwich level at best shocking he still starts or plays every week
Contracts have got to be terminated. It’s out of control, so it has got to be ended now by sacking players. They work for Manchester United not the other way round.
Why is the manager accountable but not the players ?
You always compare eth to pep and klopp but the difference is they can both sign whoever they want and the fans will back them. If klopp wanted to sign arnautovic then fans would back him. Fact is you mustn’t trust eth or you’d let him sign who he wants. FFS Klopp signed Steven caulker and played him upfront for a game. Love to see what you’d have made of that.
Maybe it takes relegation for the club to bounce back. I'm scared to see what's going to happen when we play Liverpool.
ETG is a good manager is a crap team, however he has wasted loads of time trying to get a player like Frankie who does not want to be here, anothe Pogba situation...  We have players like Fred, McTominay who are pathetic. Why not move on to altenate options like Savic, who wants to be here alongwith Dumfries, Gakpo & retain James Garner Let Ronaldo leave on mutual grounds so we dont have an unhappy players in our midst which dampens the dressing room. Give the captians armband to a player who will atleast fight to restore the clubs values instead of a spineless Maguire!
We are absolutely doomed. This season is going to be horrendous. Things are gonna completely come apart in the coming weeks. And included in that, Liverpool nex Monday.
I'm so glad I was here through the sir Alex years can't see utd getting back there any time soon 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Our problem is the defense and the goalkeeper believes me he will remain our problem
If there is any suggestion of selling Garner there should be the same reaction as we had with the super League.  We should be selling Maguire, Rashford,  Mctominay,  Fred. Selling Garner is not negotiable.
Maybe the plumber should be at fault for the leaks from the dressing room.  Sack him i say...
I cannot understand why Maguire is still starting is there a agreement from the board to play him he doesn't deserve to wear a man unt shirt
Get Roy Keane and Rooney in there!
Last two games have gave me LVG vibes only with worse players 🤷‍♂️
I predicted all this months ago as soon as Ten Hag was appointed, I'm not saying it's all his fault but there was better options imo, knew Pogba going would screw us too how we need a player like him now in that midfield.
If they sell Garner and play McFred every week, this club deserves to be relegated
The only thing that leaks in United is the Old Trafford roof
If we get relegated do we get a parachute payment? And if so where does that go ?
Its coming from SLABHEAD....period!
MIKE ASHLEY IS ONE OF THE MEMBERS OF THE KNIGHTON HOSTILE TAKEOVER
Dea Gea  Dalot  Bailly Varane Malicia                Martinez      VDB.            Erickson  Sancho                  Garnacho                Ronaldo (c)
Have patience with your manager the players are the problem (gooners pete) we been there
You just a mid table club vardy is a good player for you lot🙄 you just over payed sancho maguire shite
Vardy talk is bs… just like Arnie
Manchesthaha what a joke Eric's bin blagged Christiano Ronaldhoe The Frankly Long saga  Comedy Central for the last train to the  mid table obscure city
How can you say what Ronaldo is thinking?   Are you chatting with him?   Cmon!   At least be fair about him.  Maybe he doesn’t like ETH.  You don’t know
😂😂
fergie would have kittens with that green kit it would have been off at half time what was wrong with the second blue kit
Give it to bloody Gordon
The problem with Ronaldo is too proud,,,shouts at his teamates angrily,,,only manager should do..i wish Ronaldo gone by weekend..has always been mistake to bring him back,,,
Don’t worry mark, me and the lads will give 10% next game.
ETH is toast you need Roy Keane
Ten Hag always says he makes his own Analysis. However, he should have listened to Rangnick. He must have known he was walking into a storm and Van Gaal warned him. If you know a club is potentially toxic then you have a long meeting with Ralf to get a feel for the club and to gain a better understanding. Now Ten Hag has no support or structure around him. Ten Hag listened to all the lies from the club instead.
I have come to the point where I am bored of the leak stories,Ten hag out blah blah.i am just looking forward to seeing how ten Hag fixes this. I have no expectation anymore other than to see good football. Believe in Ten Hag.
But why is Bruno al of a sudden crap ? Feels like the club sucks the energy out of players
At this moment I think Ten Hag should play the youth! They are more hungry than those dead woods!
The leaks started when Ferguson was leaving.
Where are the leaks coming from, name them for crying out loud.
One thing i dont understand is why man untd keeps playing a 4-2-3-1 with no midfield... And maguire...
We all know the obvious players who have been terrible but dalot sancho seem to often get forgotten about but they've  been terrible too
I'd drop at least 5 or 6 of those players and would make them train with the under 18s and stop their pay until they preform, they gotta fight for their place
Erik Ten Games
ETH backs Maguire so he's only got himself to blame.  Anyone with half a football brain can see that Maguire is a sub par player that shouldn't be anywhere near a Utd shirt, yet alone captaining the side.  How can an entire club be so braindead to persist with such under performing players for so long?  United is full of overpaid social media stars that have no clue how to play intelligent, quality football.  What a joke this once great club has become.
Relegation is the best thing!!!!
This blokes analogies are utter utter tripe 💩
Soon sponsors will walk away from potential deals with united.
Expect an 0 - 8 to Liverpool, and the team has to be suspended. The whole team have to be fined 100k each. Harry M. can be dropped. The new player is not used to the PL. Let Bailly and Phil Jones play.  Garner and Van De Beek  should be partnered instead of McFred. The manGEMENT SUCKS.
As the saying goes , you can change the chef ( manager ) as many times you want but without the right ingredients ( players ) you not able to deliver the Michelin dishes that the fans expect. Glazers out ,bring in owners with very deep pockets and ambition
Suuuiii👎👎👎👎
ETH comes across as incredibly naive and powerless rn, his approach to this rebuild has disappointed me, with his comments of being “happy” with the squad, not speaking to Rangnick, not stamping his authority straight away and persisting with these awful players, I can’t help but think ETH is out of his depth
If United get relegated..Glazers will sell🤔
Why Liverpool, Man City, Chelsea, Arsenal even Spurs can buy great players but Man United have players like Harry Maguire, Fred, Wan bisaka, Scott Mctominay, Luke shaw, Rashford, Bruno etc. The worst recruitment club ever buying old players and unwanted rubbish players every year.
Plis bikin konten utk diterjemahin ke Indo dong. Gua yakin nih fans MU yg ini keren membedah soal keemyuan nya. Klo ada kabarin dong yg channel indo nya yg bisa artiin nih obrolan orng ini.gua butuh seriusan..
It would be better if ETH resigns now and leaves the Club. This would shake up the players or the club. Perhaps this is what is needed. Garner should NOT be sold. No one should be sold. The manager leaving is the best.
LMAO THE UNCOACHABLES
How about you guys at the united stand not blowing everything out of proportion. I know its you job but you are seriously part of the problem
When is the govner back?
Michael Bailly/Eric Bay
Rashford, Shaw, Maguire = Leakers
How will United sell mcctominy when Fletcher and fergie is there  garner is English mcctominy is Scottish like fergie and Fletcher   if u look. United is American and Scotland run
Same lousy players is playing , BRUNO , Shaw , Rashford , Fred all cannot start
Talksport(Simon): Manchester United as a   big club is like the Monty Python sketch of the parrot. It's a dead parrot, it no longer exists. There is nothing about this club in any of its guises from the glazer's attitude towards the fans; through to the chief executive sitting in a pub negotiating with fans; through to 400 million pounds of players on the pitch that have an average age of 27; through to a coach that's picking the equivalent of Tutu-a-tatto from the Fantasy Island, a vertically challenged center-half to play against 6.4" strikers; through to a coach(McClaren) that's supposed to know better who has been in Manchester United; through to the fans and their outburst; there is nothing about this club in this moment of time to suggest that it is the MU that we all know. Sometimes in life, you cannot bounce until you hit the bottom and MU hit the bottom with Brentford. That performance had nothing to do with the Glazers. There's 400 million pounds of starting lineup
The clique talk makes me laugh! Reports last week came out that the young players are glued to Ronaldo and he’s mentoring amad, garnacho, elanga and others.  You can see that this is maguire or rashford or someone else jealous that these youth have gone to Ronaldo once he came back in the club instead of the captain who struggles to be the man, or another senior player
If United have to sell to buy, mayby the economy at the Club is also in ruins as the rest of the Club.
Great leaders take control. When Steve Jobs bought Apple from the brink of bankruptcy he did so to have 100% control. He refused to work for a failing business unless he could change it. SAF had a contract that gave him control and guaranteed he would never be out-earned. ETH is not a leader. He is subordinate. Utd may like that but it wont bring success.
These players got trophies just fot meeting up when they were kids.
Erik ten Nuno, he looks way out of his depth.
Woodward pipe
I hear the argument was about who looked best in the new green kit , and “faces shaw “ was complaining the green kit made him look like he was the fray bentos kid 👍
I think most of our problems is disappear once Ronaldo is shown the door
Remember when you lot used to think Bruno was better the KDB
James Garner was FANTASTIC in the Championship last season, really??. I watched Garner whenever I could, he was OK, but not the standard you would expect at OT.  Fringe players should be sold, if you are looking for better players you need to make room for them. City, Liverpool, Chelsea all sell fringe players. You cannot keep hoarding players & then let them go when they have no value. When Liverpool turned the corner, they sold a load of fringe players, making close to £100m. United are so bad at selling, but, now when it comes to Garner been sold there is war. I suppose Mark would give him a big contract & then find it impossible to sell him in a couple of years.
Selling garner and keeping mctominay is the worst decision this club has ever made...i give up
ON Ronaldo Mark totally contradicts HIMself in this video....so funny ! His head is up his own arse with stress.....bless 😜
If we don’t sort it out asap we will be relegated, a real possibility on performances so far against mid to bottom table teams
Bring some of the United academy players to the first team !!
I always score low points in MU Apps Line Up Prediction Game during Ole, Rangnick, Eric era.... because Mcquire, Shaw, Mcfred, Bruno n Rasford not in my line-up.
Man Utd finds another level everyday but on wrong direction!
Reminds me of Van Gaal calling ManU a commercial club and suggested that it won't be wise for him to take a ManU job 4 months back. Ten Hag didn't listen to him, took the job, didn't listen to Ragnick either. At this point, he is either naive and overconfident or isn't a smart lad if you ask me.
At this point only the fans can turn things around by not supporting the club and demand Glazers to go. Demand restructuring and demand players to leave and new proper signings. I don’t see how things will change. Need new board, need new football director, need to find where these leaks are coming from. Need to get rid of Maguire, Shaw, Dalot, Mctominay, Fred, Bruno, Rashford. These players have shown they do not have what it takes. The club needs an open heart surgery. Ragnick was right, Mourinho was right. By the way when I say by not supporting the club it’s supporting anyway because it is showing we want change. Drastic measures.
As United fans we need to accept that we may not have the success that we all crave for, this season. Should this be a time to blood the youth into the team, as they are the future, just throwing this out there! Great show Mark Goldbridge 👏👏👏
Get big Sam in there he will sort this mess out
We are going to be relegated.
Mark said No clear out of players. What about Pogba, Mata, Matic and Lindgard?
Be patient bro, the next game man united will definitely rise, go man united you can do it. hello new youtuber.
Mcfred will be over the moon that Garner is to be sold , “safe again what ever 👍”
I think Erik-10-hag will leave the job before Junuary.
Getting rid of McGuire now means they'd have to appoint another Captain. VT may be hoping he can buy a player who'd fill that role at this time.
We can officially call this man united crisis the Fergie curse
I really didn't thought Ten Hag was going to be easy like this i thought he would take control and stand against the owners
Back in January they said we ain’t spending now so that the new manager has enough funds to rebuild the team. Well that worked out well didn’t it 🤡 Every passing day with the Glazers in charge is getting United closer to the point of no return
Ten hag should start throwing some of these guys wether it be the board or the players under the bus before they have a chance to do the same to him this club is a joke
Supporting this club is like supporting the government
You can have the job but you have to keep all the rubbish oh and try turn all the rubbish into gold 😖🤔
Varane being benched is crazy to me
Frankie De Jong will be here any minute.
What happened to ETH Golden rules ????
Mark, think you should suspend yourself til Mcfridge is gone..
The Tank rolls on. But we can't even get that right you're supposed to keep the prospects  This is the end
I wished someone worshipped me like Mark praises Ronaldo
Why is it glazers fault 🤨 they dnt pick the team they give man utd millions and managers are not buying quality
Negativity about ronaldo can be seen when he’s on the bench or the pitch you have to be stupid to not see it
Reality is, manU went for a system coach and that coach wanted half of the players from his previous team or players he coached before. That philosophy was bound to fail. Things should have been, to bring players of specific profile which will suit coach's playing style coz its transfer market not a store where you can buy whatever you want. A good coach shouldnt rely on one specific player to build a team, he has to adapt and evolve. Its kind of childish to say without De Jong his team wont work when even he cant change the player's mind either.
Mark do you think hag will last longer than frank de boer at Crystal Palace 8 weeks
The owners are picking the fcking team oh my fcking god amateurs
This is the best MAN UTD FUN CHANNEL.
It's worse,  how I know our club officials the will use the 15 mil for garner to pay for DeJongs wage,  which barca owes him.
Ronaldo will leave soon for sure. As it stands he's facing another season of no champions league and maybe a relegation battle soon.
I’ve got to be honest the Malcomy and Joely Glazer were such a help while me and Carricky were at the club they back us 200%. They also understood that McTominay and Maguire are world class.
This club gives me pain😔
I used to be euphoric when Manky U used to lose, but today I feel a little bit of fear , because if this can happen to United it can happen to my club someday as well.
i honestly cant watch this team anymore, its literally bad for my health, cant support this team who seem to think maguire is our messiah when in reality hes a bang average ikea fridge that doesn't even come with a water outlet
Mark Andy mitten and co won’t call the English players we all no who the crap are
We need players under 25- like Saka- Jesus- with some sort of a resale value-Vardy will be retireing soon!
Vardy could be a good replacement for Ronaldo, Garner ain’t up to it or Ten would keep him , he has looked at our squad now and has made his choices , it’s all down to Ten now honeymoon period over as far as I am concerned 👍
Things just do not add up Richard Arnold +John Murtough are 100% inept & useless. Darren Fletcher is a Technical Director in name only...Academy Players are supposed to be his focus? Bxxxx Stink stink
should have so rashford for 60mill now selling garner for a  low price of 15mill can't drop your captain Maguire is 🔥 proof
Mark hag has had these players 10 weeks and said maguire is a good player he’s won nothing at 29 😂😂
Sell Rashford and Maguire
Goldbridge says "leaks" but yet again he can't or won't expose who...   BS
Sad to see United are sinking.
You know what lads. Despite the negativity. I've got a feeling we might turn up in the Liverpool game. Fingers crossed
ต้องไห้เวลาเทนฮากบาง ทำแค่มีปลดออกแล้วหรือ จะเอาไครมาก็กูแมนยูไม่ขึนหรอกเพรสะเจาสโมสรคนเดิไม่ชือนักแตะไห้
Garner will be sold and all you clowns will still go to the games cheering on mctominay and fred hahaha will never end
When Maguire was kept as captain, I said, this is the beginning of the end for Ten Haag…leadership is so important…it is not just some figurehead position…
mark always defends ronaldo, prior to ronaldo joining united finished 2nd and 3th scoring more than 100 goals...ronaldo ruined the little bit that was good about united, the fact that his OWN stats looked decent dont change that hes a massive problem and made united worse
You get the like for Tin Opener analogy :) with Scott Mctominay and James Garner
Brentford had camaraderie.  Was that the italian lad?
Goldberg Bro Glether family must be out.
Mark, the De Jong story was in the Metro and a few other sites before your show 🤨
Which club mark would have maguire has captain it’s incredible 😂😂😂
Rashford is still a good player just his confidence has dropped massively if he was to be sold which wouldn’t happen he would slowly become the rashford we know
All the whatever it is with team and manager save the energy for the owners Enough is Enough
When ronaldo comes on he makes such a impact and also the reason Alex Ferguson left was because he knew what was coming in store for him the club will never be hope for us Man U fans
ill take a JV any day everyday over what we've got
It's as if the board is destroying the club on purpose. It's ridiculous. It's like Joe Biden is secretly running the club.
Need to sell an establish player Rashford would be mine useless I'm sorry to say.
Whos garner ??
It's like changing the tap without changing the dirty water pipe expecting the water coming out to be clean 😂
The Big top circus never disappoints, Garner leaving as he’s a threat to golden child McTominay. Begging for middling players to join the club. Ronaldo eating on his own.  More leaks than a sieve and we can guess where they’re coming from. Ten Hag is better off out of the club, in fact we all are.
Maguire andco don’t want him they downed tools last year and have never picked them up again
This was always going to happen if we started poorly and had a bad transfer window. It started as soon as ten Hag decided to keep Maguire as captain.
Snakes and bag stabbing cowards GET OUT OF OUR CLUB
A bit melodramatic considering we all knew this team was in need of tearing down and rebuilding. It's going to be a tough season without a doubt, but let's start practicing the patience we've been preaching. Relax, quit worrying about "leaks" and let's figure out how to get rid of the Glazer's.. Everyone seems suprised we're losing?, must have missed the end of last season? Same group of players are still on the pitch, until leadership accepts that signings like McGuire, AWB, Fred are utter mistakes. And players like Rashford, Shaw, Mctominay, Martial just aren't good enough it will continue. Ragnick was right, ManU wrong... Until those mistakes are acknowledged by leadership, and changes are made, it will be what it is...
Change the captain straight away
I think Richard Arnold should go to the pub again
After the rock bottom you have only two options: dig deep or climb I wonder if United is climbing 🤔
I SAID FROM START SEASON NOTHING GONNA CHANGE IN THIS CLUB NOTHING GLAZERS OUTTTTT
I wouldn't be surprised if it's Maguire. (If it's him)..he doesn't even have the decency to do a post interview, De gae had to come apologies and take responsibility for our recent loss...The reason I think it's him, coz he's worried about losing the Captaincy, most players don't even respect Maguire...he's quick to use social media...
how could Ten Hag want to build around Ronaldo and keep Maguire as captain? I think if Ronaldo is the focal point, he should be captain
23.8.2022 Boikot Maguire, GLAZERS 🤬
it's a miracle Frankie goes to Manchester United, Frankie flying into Manchester this week for medical before the Liverpool game.
Garner is championship proven, nobody else in the midfield is.
At this point, we are just Manchester because there is nothing united about this team
How many times can you say “Manchester United” or “man united” in the first minute? It’s called Search Engine Optimisation but sounds spammy
Spurs r a joke like manutd but worse!
Ten Hag needs to grow some balls and  call this 💩💩 run club out.
Ancelotti literally benched $200 mil (Bale and Hazard) without giving a rat's ass and Perez never got in his way; however, in our club, we paid $80 mil and he has to get play time every week even he is completely useless. Same thing goes with Bruno, Shaw and so on.
MAN UTD NEEDS TO DROP MAGUIRE. I DON'T THINK HE CAN PLAY ANYMORE. THE OVERALL TEAMS NEEDS TO DROP. EVEN IF YOU BRING GUARDIOLA OR THE BEST COACHES THEY WILL GET BEATEN HEAVILY. NOBODY IS GOOD AT THAT CLUB.
Nonsense
Dressing can't breath with the weight of Ronaldo's presence
I thought ten hag was meant to be a good manager how can he be if he keeps picking maguire
Shows get worse.
Another problem is that a midfield of eriksen, bruno and fred is too offensive. Maybe should put lisandro on cdm next game, as well as start malacia for shaw. Bench maguire, cause bailly cannot be worse and varane as 2nd cb
Last year yous all blamed the leaks on dean henderson and lingard now they are gone yous are just shifting the blame to players yous don’t like
😂😂😂😂 I remember when Richard Arnold met United fans at the pub assuring them everything will be fine and they believed him 😂😂😂😂
I wonder what the next story will be. I'm guessing that Ronaldo is sold. Then the team loses to Southampton. Who gets the blame then? Ten Hag? Pathetic
PLAYERS WHO DID WELL IN PRE SEASON ARE SITTING ON THE BENCH AND THOSE DONKEYS ARE PLAYING
If Ronaldo was actually the problem then why won't United get rid of him ASAP?  He's probably the best player on the team, which is part of the reason he wants to leave
At this point we need a solid whistle blower from Man United about Glazers getting in the way of Ten Hag
Liverpool lineup: DDG AWB Maguire Varane Malacia McTominay 🤦‍♂️ Martinez Erickson Sancho Ronaldo Dalot
Lindelof is on his way to Roma
I've been here when man utd were winning everything and smashing every team they were playing and the man u supporters were rubbing it in. They found joy in laughing at other teams and supporters. Now the tables have turned. May this pahse of man u last forever. Now I find joy in this. :)))) Ha ha
Vardys a player that can play for Utd since his wife has been in the news
Its taken £1B of wasteful spending and mismanagement to get united into the unenviable postition of being a national laughing stock. The key decision makers above the coaching team have mismanaged the club. Its not embrarssing, its criminal. Lets brace ourselves for the closing of the transfer window and further disapointment.
Could it be either Maguire, Shaw, Rashford???
I would love to divorce my club. Can anyone let me know the procedure please. 😩
So those execs are playing "I try to make wrong decision as much as possible" challenge
I think someone is in control of the team. And it’s not the manager, from Moyes to Ten Hag. This very person hates the club I feel.
I'm so sick and tired of Maguire .I get the feeling he is a "BLAME DEFLECTOR". He must feel he is a real DONof defenders ,it's ridiculous
United fans need to accept their level. Turning your nose up at players who would do the job.
I  can think of at least nine clubs in the Premier league with better squad's than man utd..and I can also think of 19 clubs in the Premier league that look more ready settled and organised
Ten hag should quit an so should Ronnie that would leave the club on its arse
Are they English players?
My guess on whos leaking is Either Rashford or Bruno they are the ones always playing and never in the papers for criticism.
Ronaldo’s attitude has been shocking. He needs to go now
I honestly have started despising the United squad, how could you not want to play well together, build team chemistry and want to win trophies and leagues together? Instead they’re bitching about eachother and leaking it to point score against eachother. Pathetic!
The first team is in ruins, the glazers won't spend and now they are selling young talent. How are these good business decisions? If this carries on we will be in the championship in a few years time.
I don't get why Harry's well liked. His face just rubs me the wrong way
GLAZERNOMICS that's the word incompetence is what it means
Be Ronaldo whinging
Glazers out
Leak was Shaw for sure, played terribly and is the only one That May lose his spot.
I think ETH is naive. He signed the contract knowing players like Maguire stay captain, Bruno cannot be dropped, Mctom must play. And not half a season has gone, they are throwing him under the bus. Why aren't these players saying to themselves I am the problem, let me sit out?
Top 10 will be an achievement. The form has carried over and something needs done.
No amount of discussion will change anything. This is Busby retiring all over again only worse and remember how that went. The ONLY solution is for by some miracle the Glazers sell and their entire "management team" go with them. Then hopefully we can get owners who will allow highly qualified football experts to run the club and recruit. Until then the only way is down.
There were a group of player making coalition to badmouth cr7
The Brentford defeat, I watched many Man Utd fans destroy perfectly good headphones. That is not environmentally friendly. Man Utd is a really bad club for the environment too.
Let's just hope he drops them next round idc if we lose we always do I want to see him drop them, live up to what he said, no matter how important the player is DROP HIM
Don't understand why Ten Hag won't play Bailly & Varane as CB's then Martinez and Van de Beek aT CM and Eriksen infront of them.
Ronaldo is a natural born WINNER!!! ONLY losers would want him to leave 🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️
McTominay preferred over garner is nothing but nepotism!! This is outrageous it’s so unfair
Its only 2nd game. Calm down
This board allowed nearly 100M walk out the door for free…
The glazers are a pedeo family
"ronaldo's not the problem" "ronaldo doesn't want to be here" can't have it both ways mark
Did you guys watch Chelsea v Tottenham? That is who our coach was supposed to be. A real world class coach who is a winner and doesn't allow anyone to walk over him. Only an insane owner or an owner who is intentionally trying to destroy Man United would have passed up on Antonio Conte.  Ten hag was done at this club the moment he said Maguire "is a very successful player who was the perfect man for the captaincy". It was over at that moment. I am beginning to wonder if these managers are really this stupid or if Maguire is some sort of demon who is able to possess these managers into keeping him at the club.  I have never seen craziness at this level?
Meanwhile all other PL clubs playing as a T-E-A-M !
fergie sabotaged united, left chaos in his wake.
Let’s see what’s the bigger issue, the player the leaks are about? Or, perhaps the players leaking the news? No, the player the leaks are about is more famous and more fun to bring down. So let’s all jump on him and push him out🤦‍♂️
Sack the BOARD GLAZERS OUT
Leicester might need a cb if fofana leaves for Chelsea how about selling Maguire to them !!!! .
Hedgehog Bridge.
Cr is the mole get him out
Mark's obsession with Ronaldo is starting to annoy me ngl
I really want to see Rashford get a new 5 year contract.... at 40k per week
I have supported United for 55+ Years & I urge Erik Ten Hag to quit.  The only way to save United is Relegation. These current Bunch of Players are Overpaid Parasites & Most of them should be Booted Out.
I hope for a sneaky bid for Pogba, heard that lad has talent.
Your Man FIVE HAG is a yes man😂😂😂😂 he will be out by December these players will throw him under the sinking boat. 😂😂😂
GREEN AND GOLD TILL THE CLUB IS SOLD
Rooney in November
Garner is better than mctominay and Fred
What else do you expect them to do when all they're doing is flying to and from Barcelona???  They could have flown to Germany to get Florian Wurtz... To the Netherlands to get Laros Duarte... To Italy to get Fabian Ruiz... To Spain to get Mikel Oyarzebal... But the manager is insisting they fly to Barcelona!!!!!! Or does Erik NOT have the final say in which player to buy???? WHERE ARE THE ALTERNATIVES???????
"Put it in a river and send it away...."
Until a manager make big decisions,he won’t be respected…he came in and gave captaincy to Maguire….
If we sell Garner and keep McTominay, the club is truly dead.
I can see that big red bus appearing on the horizon, hang on with my binoculars I can see the driver it’s…….
Blame shifting to CR7 is like worn-out tyres complaining that the engine is too powerful and quick, so the ferrari owner replacing the engine with an old cosworth so that the worn-out tyres can keep up...
Basically Antonio Conte  was needed to shake this dinosaur of a club No prisoners taken attetude needed
Re Maguire et al. I don’t think it would be in a player contract, but it might have been part of the interview criteria for a manager   Ie. We’ve got x, y and z player that we expect to play
No issues with jamie vardy
Never had control   And you wonder why RR said sell 10  Of course he is wrong….  20 need to be sold and 20 need to be bought
How can this dude complain  about leaks yet constantly  boast about his sources  hahha! So leaks ok if its suits goldbridge bank balance
Am I the only one who hopes Liverpools wipes the floor with us on Monday?  The Club deserves another gunshit at this point.
Elucidation this Clubs Needs :,(
Part of me will loose all the faith in club if garner would be allowed to leave without replacement and likes of mcfred still at club. Absolute shambles the club is everyday putting new low
He doesn't have the force of personality for the Man Utd job. Spurs spotted this after interviewing him. He's way out of his depth. He doesn't command the respect of the players and has no charisma this is why he's lost control so early. Good man like moyes was a good man, but being a good man doesn't make you a good manager
if heavy defeat to liverpool they could they even sack ten hag already
Well if certain players are bullet proof things will never change this club is a joke, relegation battle incoming hopefully the glazers go once we go down.
At this point i have to wonder it they’re holding up ten hag at gun point because some of the decisions he’s making is awful.
When he chickened out to choose his own captain that told me he had no control
Hope they will avoid relegation.
Who is this mysterious someone Goldbridge keeps talking too.
Spanish news says Chelsea trying to sign De Jong and Aubameyang. Take care, just I let you know MU is in the tail now, and player see that and could they don't want to come.
Wasn't the captain choice, player picks like a vote?
Anyone who knows these players know an extra training session as a substitute for a day off will not help. They don't care for the badge
I feel bad for james garner.. he played fantastic last year. WE should move Mcsauce and Fred.. NOT GARNER
Since every team can beat us in premier league a relegation battle is a possibility !!!
Ten Hag should have taken note of what Rangnick was saying but he didn't he has some blame at his feet. The people above have no interest in the team and improving it.
What about Leroy Sane ? Why isn’t Manchester United looking at Leroy Sane ?
Harry run down the tunnel with his tail between his legs .maguire captain is  splitting the team and ruining morale  he a pub team player  .I thought ten hagg was a good coach until he made maguire captain again .one of them will go maguire or ten hagg..watch this space ..
If Ten Hag goes and another new manager is appointed. does it mean all the players start on a clean slate again? So the same underperforming ones who are not good enough gets picked again and again.......
HENDERSON FOR CAPTAIN;How can our captain be someone people dispute should be in the 1st team , crazy, why don’t we have Henderson as captain , on loan elsewhere , he’s more vocal than maguire,  (Joel glazer can’t press)
Good afternoon mark..hope your in fine spirits concentrating...anyways Man utd..just need to get a rithym going and they be fine...xmas we go on our unbeaten run..sir alex style.
lol.. This dude is so fare up he's own ass.. "I created this story" yeah.. Impossible anyone else got fed the same bullshit story..
Its Cherrible
It is MAGUIRE, HE NEEDS TO GO
DE GEA IS GREAT PLAYER AND GUY, AND HE PLAYED CRAP AGAINST BRENTFORD!! BUT HE CAME OUT AND SAID IT WAS HIS FAULT.. We need this from other players too..
Mark, To avoid a full-scale riot for the Liverpool game again next month. Common Sense says sell Maguire, McTominay, Fred, Wanbizaka and Rashford. Even for loses. To set an example. As the Board and Murtough negotiate with a mom and a cheated on wife. To improve this mess . Focus on buying Rice, Laimer, Haidera, Antony and DeJong
Sacrificing Garner so they can keep Mactomiay.  Utter madness.
Erik ten hag started to fail the moment he agreed on Harry been the captain of the team
Mark has lost grip of reality - Ten Hag is just as culpable with his appalling record in the transfer market this summer and keeping Maguire as captain
Man Utd won't sign de Jong. You keep falling  for it, it's nothing except PR designed to distract from the embarrassment of the weekend.
ETH needs to go nuclear Fergie style (in 89-90 season) and gradually get rid of most of these players over the next 3-4 transfer windows.   Start with Ronaldo (who doesn't want to stay) this window.  Next few windows: Rashford, Bruno, Maguire, McFred, Luke Shaw, Martial, Lidelof and Wan Bissaka.
Does the board member named Maguire have an influence on Harry Maguire being the captain?
At this point, I won't be surprised if he resigns from his role before this season ends.
ETH had no chance in this toxic club, with  very professional players (mentality).  Hé succeeded with Ajax with much less budget, involved players and organization.
Lel, lets give Ten Haag a chance. We aint getting top 4, we need to be patient and let the team fall apart for real so an acctual rebuild can beginn...
Have they tried bitcoin
Garner being sold to get rabiot is so short term its beyond a joke this club
They (some players) say CR is the problem, well the problem wants to go now, the club should just give him a free walk out. Almost all of these players were losers before CR came to the team, they remain losers despite CR best efforts and will remain losers when CR is out.  I feel pity for my club.
Not even angry anymore just use to the disappointment.
Looks like Goldbridge loves Ronaldo more than the club.
Mark labels any criticism aimed at CR7 as "Division". TBH CR7's off the field drama is as much a destabilizing factor as every player that can't be bothered to perform.
Even if United somehow gets De Jong (lol), the rot is just going to spread to him. You are going to end up with another dead weight.
Ten hagg gone by Xmas if not before
Get Pochettino in now. Ten Hag don't have the minerals, you see that in the team selection. Pochettino plays good football he's just been unlucky
I hate everything about Man United, from the ownership to the (lack of) club structure to the shameful effort and culture of the players. Don't know why I torture myself by supporting them.
Kick ETH out. His system doesn't work for Man Utd.
Manchester United are a middle table club.its time to face facts and stop moaning.
Honestly, this club is done. Two games into the season and I don’t know how we’re going to win a single game. Total implosion
I bet the leaks are coming from the dinner lady. Its complete ********
Can't United employ Wagatha Rooney tactics to close the leak?
Rasford, Luke Shaw, Maguires, those players are giving leak.   Is not a rocket science to find the real culprits
Remember when Paul Pogba was the big issue in the dressing room?
Maguire rashford shaw Fred mctommney those lot have gotta go .why he playing them ?????????????????????????????????
I said it if Ten Hag is a yes man he will not succeed. Conte would never ever abide by the rulers who are bankers and not football people. They don't know sh it about football. These players will never be good enough
Our Man utd became noisy and everything we are doing is not related to football ..
Why is Rashford being forced upon us? Every single poll out there, whether its a forum or twitter, all indicate more than 80% votes for exit. Go to PSG Rashy!
the question is why ten HAG still keep maguire as captain? this club is destroyed and ten hag should also blame himself for not being good at tactics for still defending maguire as captain. Erik ten Hag is open to letting Cristiano Ronaldo,garner leave the club and sell the collection to open sales.. That's why this club is over. destroy disrespectful Clubs like this, buy and sell buy and sell buy and sell buy and sell and it won't end until United are destroyed. GLAZERS OUT MAGUIRE Out 👎👎👎
There's serious division in the dressing room egos and hatred, flush all this parasites out
Ten Hag will never have control over these players while people above him are telling him he has to do this or that im afraid to say ETH is fighting a losing battle and would be a good bet he will be gone before the end of the season through no fault of his own sad state of affairs at this once magnificent club
After Liverpool smashing they will never recover. I don't see us winning any, I mean any match this campaign.
The out and out arrogance of Goldbridge. Vardy is currently better than any player or striker at United.  I remind Goldbridge that you are not the club you were so attracting top players is almost impossible. At best you will get the scraps left over after the top teams have got who they want. And how in the world can you try to defend the behaviour and attitude of Ronaldo ? Goldbridge and to many united fans only defend Ronaldo as he is a reminder of past glory. They can’t see the major issues Ronaldo is causing at united. Get a f’ing grip Goldbridge.
It takes years before Ten Hag can manage the team properly. Do not give too much unnecessary pressure for result.
It's one thing that Erik had agreed to get the best out of Rashford etc but it's another thing if he is focused on one player as is the case!!!!
We need to stick to ETH and let him time to sort things out. Too much chopping and changing will delay the process further. If any player revolts, just kick them out. They will create a problem for the next manager as well.
Ten Hag's obsessive preoccupation with FDJ has messed up the window.
It's just going from bad to worse
Only Manchester United can fall off the bottom. It’s endless pit and we are just keep falling farther and farther.
Total clearout
I kept saying it even before Ten Hag was announced, go back check out the past streams. These players will turn on the manager, leopards don't change their spots.
Glazors out
Keep holding out for Frenkie amd control isn't the only thing he will lose!!!
Sucks everything just sucks right now
Let's be real, Ten Hag never really had control in the first place. Just like every previous manager post Fergie.
The Uncoachebles I 💀😂 🤣 😆 Mark a genius
If we don’t revert back to a counter attacking team we could be in a relegation battle. These players are not good enough to play ETH system
Free Ronaldo from this crap
Well... that was quick. Its gonna be a long, long season.
First
First
