I recall that are a high voltage arc, and a high amperage, for soldering. I’m very intrigued to understand the electric and magnetic field for both occasions.
Commenting on this way too late, but you also basically proved Cunningham's Law, which states: "the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer."
this is fascinating but he could just make up stuff and id have no idea to call bs lol
Yeah, yeah, I've known this since Return of the Jedi
I'm 68 and still enjoy your videos.
Here is the reality: the way physics is taught is an absolute shame. I truly think nobody, teachers, researchets etc...do not understand anything.
2:33 Light is a constant to objective reality
0:51 They are all wrong by the way, and derive from an objectively false premise
This may seem a silky question but when the electrons are bumping with the positive ions, why don't they attract and stick together?
I watched your last video utterly clueless and ended up slightly clued.. now I'm completely clueless again.  I'm glad someone understands how this all works.  Also I now understand.. somewhat.. why we don't have electricity cables running underground over long distances.
The 4-5v being used even though the switch is disconnected is very obvious when using a power bank. Connect a device to the power bank and you'll immediately see it drawing 5-10w even though it's not yet turned on. Even just connecting a circuit causes voltage loss. This is why if you really want to save money on electric cost, make sure to disconnect all devices not being used because they're still drawing power while turned off. And if you're not using a battery, make sure to unplug it from whatever device it's in, because if left plugged in even when turned off the battery will drain due to parasitic loss.
it's unintuitive because it's wrong :)
Wow, very interesting but it makes my brain hurt. So I was thinking about the new solar power system that I am going to install in my house. And that got me thinking about the sun and its electromagnetic field and how my PV panels are being struck by photons that the sun generated . Those photons are then converted into electricity, which are then stored in the battery to be used in my home. So my question: is the electric field generated from my solar power system extend all the way to the sun? Since electricity always travels back to the source. Or is the field generally confined to my local wiring.
I like seeing the haters get stomped. GG.
Any working electrician knows this, even if they don't know the theoretical reason why.
Maybe stop having wires parallel and so close to each other. Electromagnetic fields too close to each other, interacting? Why not make a large square or circle circuit, ie perimeter of a field. Sorry lay person here.
The example claiming to prove it doesn't violate causality doesn't make sense - Obviously it would affect a third party wire if the theory is true, but the true example would be if the top circuit was broken...
The electricians at the work job think of themselves as solving these types of problems (in reality all they're doing is pulling cables 😂
FASCINATING!! 👏
😮😮See!!! People who say “Follow the science” don’t know what they are talking about. This guy also supports the climate change hoax…..
Came here again after watching the principal of least action video.  I feel like there's a really useful connection between these two topics but I'm not quite able to imagine it.
22:41 another reason i love this channel
If it were true that electricity doesn't run in wires, we wouldn't need to run all those wires
Hi derek, i am just a highschool student and i have a question for you related to the big circuit, when the wires are half light second away, the value of earths magnetic field drops, right? so will that drop  put the magnitude of the magnetic field generated in the wire at that distance? pls try to answer
Video correctly defined field as prime mover, "MAIN ACTORS"  from the surface charge to the speed of the signal—are simply the geometrical, mechanical necessities of an incompressible, torsionally-stressed medium filling all space.  The "surface charge" is not the cause; it is a geometrical necessity dictated by the Aether's properties. The Aether medium itself—which is under tension (Dielectricity)—must follow a path of least resistance. When the switch closes, the pulse of Aetheric pressure (the initial field change) immediately seeks the most efficient path.
I believe him. The standard for measuring amps (flow) is based upon two parallel wires in a series circuit at specific distances from each other. Why would distance matter if this wasn't an electromagnetic field phenomena issue? Dude is correct.
Do you have a video where you manipulate the felids without touching the circuit? Does the light become brighter or dimmer?
This made me realize - once  more - how little I actually know.
I used to install Keg wine systems in bars and restaurants, the empty room with a big transformer in it is was perfect at this one golf course, except that we lost the account because that transformer caused the wine in the stainless kegs to change chemically and we couldn't relocate them to any where else. Definitely the Field that caused the chemical changes.
I'm sorry to anyone reading this, if my questions are elementary, as I'm uneducated and ignorant, but I'm curious.  So, are you saying that even if the length of the wires is 100x, the time for the bulb to illuminate will NOT be 100x?  Or is it the proximity of the bulb to the power source, due to the EM fields?(Showing my ignorance) I thought i had a basic understanding of electricity, current, voltage, resistance etc.  I now am pretty sure I know nothing.  And I've wired vehicles, getting all the lights to work as intended.  Apparently, everything I thought i knew about electrical wiring and function is wrong
So, what depletes the battery's charge?  Im sure this is a dumb question.  Im just more confused, now.  Since my original idea of what was happening with current and switches, was so wrong (as you illustrated so well) my fundamental way of thinking has been disrupted in ways i cannot explain.
So the battery's electric field gets the electrons in the wire going which propagates little fields pushing electrons further in the wire. That makes sense, but what's happening on the inside to initiate that initial electric field?
This is my second time viewing both of these videos on the topic.  Great an plausible explanations.  If the circuit were completely and perfectly shielded for EMF, that is, no energy available beyond the surface of the conductor, then I assert that the energy available at the load would take t = c / length of transmission line.  What I am saying is that, in this case (perfectly shielded) the induced EMF in the line is not seen by the load until the speed of c has passed through the full length of line to reach the load.
I'm wondering about the scenario in which there is a cut in the wire somewhere, and yet the light bulb still shines in 1m/c seconds after a switch that is 1m away from the bulb is closed.  How long does the bulb continue to shine in that scenario?  Is it the same amount of time as if there wasn't a cut in the wire somewhere (ie, as long as there is battery power), or does the bulb stop shining in some amount of time relative to the speed of light and length of wires, as the circuit discovers, "whoa, there's a line break here fellas, let's stop the electric field"?
12:00
Третье видео то с очередными ошибками, когда ждать?)
So electricity has electrolytes?!
great video, but one question, if the energy is in the fields  ( im not distputing, just asking) why when I get shocked its ALWAYS when I touch a conductor instead of just getting near, this is normally 480v - 24v range in my work, I am assuming its the inability of the voltage to jump the gap but thats counterintuitive to being in the fields which in my mind IS the gap lolol....
This is a BAD video. Your theory implies that the bulb will turn on instantly even when there is no closed loop. I doubt if 90% of the comment get this implication. Of course the field can get to the bult in 1/c, but not through the wires. Following this implication, your bulb will NEVER turn off in the experiment. Any change of filed will turn it on, so your actions on the switch do not matter!
That is a great video Derek to understant many things, thanks. But I want ask a question about your mind experiment with light bulb through the world. If it is a true in 1/C s light bulb is on (and I know thanks to magnetic field), Does same thing happen if a battery is not connect to light bulb circuit instead battery is connected to the very short circuit which provide same current. I thing it should in some way. On the other hand it is not enough
In 1965, I work as high voltage linesman. There an argument among us. Transmission you don't have to run neutral, because regular grounding and the positive. My understanding is like people can hold hands. The neutral along  stabilize the voltage, there a lost of voltage over distance's so step up transformer step the voltage. Electricity is propelled by frequencies there is a lost of power by the resistance.
I've just heard you said you'll be called on it seconds earlier in the og video and I'm stunned how accurate it was.
I have a question. You said in this video that the light bulb with go on even if the circuit is broken. But then why is it that if items like childrens electronic toys, household appliances etc, even cars, when the wires are broken they don't switch on and need repair? Has it got to do with insulation around the wires? Did you use uninsulated wires in your experiments?
I saw this video 3 years ago when I I was in my first year of my preengineering classes and didn’t understand or appreciate the analysis and the experiment done in the video but now I’m a 3rd year electrical and communication engineer and this video is one of the greatest videos I’ve ever seen showing what does electrical engineers really take in class about wave guides and transmission line theory for communication systems.
I just realized that 1/c second is how much time it would take for the speed of light to travel a meter.  So it's 1/c * m/s.
Am i late to this? But i have a question. If resistor is usually the place where charge gradience occurs maximum, what about a short circuit then with minimal resistance?
Here is the setup I want to analyze: 	•	I have a battery and a switch. 	•	From the battery’s two terminals, two separate wires come out and form a huge loop. Each branch of this loop runs for about 0.5 light-years outward, then eventually returns, so the total loop length is on the order of 1 light-year. So this is an enormous circuit.  Now I place two different bulbs: 	1.	Bulb A (the “connected” bulb): Bulb A is located about 1 meter away from the battery in physical space (for example, vertically above it). Each of Bulb A’s two terminals is directly connected to one of the two long wires of the main loop — i.e. one lead goes to the “+ side” wire that will eventually run ~0.5 light-years around the loop, and the other lead goes to the “– side” return wire that will also run ~0.5 light-years back. So Bulb A is electrically part of the main 1 light-year loop. 	2.	Bulb B (the “floating” bulb): Bulb B is also located about 1 meter away from the battery (for example, 1 meter below it). Bulb B also has two wires attached to its two terminals, and those wires are also extremely long — think lengths on the order of 0.5 light-years each. However, these two wires from Bulb B are not actually connected back to the battery terminals or to the main loop. They just run off into space as long conductors, but they are electrically floating: they are not tied into the battery’s + and – terminals.  does the bulb B experience the same thing?
This explains arcing
This video is so informative, I learned a lot.
Well done
With my basic understanding, 10 points to  gryffindor.
So... does the charge begin "flowing" before the surface charges are established?  If you added another lightbulb that was halfway between the battery and the first lightbulb - would it light up first because the surface charge distribution  rearrangement would reach it before the bulb in the middle of the circuit? Or do both bulbs light up at the same time once the charge rearrangement across the surface of the entire wire has finished?  Assuming the charge rearrangement needs to finish first, the lightbulbs should light up at ((wire length) ÷ 2c).  But if the arrangement doesn't need to finish, then any bulb on a wire will light up at ((the shortest wire distance to the battery) ÷ c)  *edit* based on the video, it seems to be the second one.  *2nd edit* ok no.... so it IS actually based on the bulbs physical proximity to the battery?!?! Because of the induced capacitors between the wires?! So the circuit "turns on" at different areas at different times as the surface charges redistribute themselves...😵‍💫😭
You sound like Nikola Tesla to me. Because of denying the wire use cuz obv it's not necessary
At this point you are practically describing an antenna rather than a "circuit". Wireless power delivery depends highly on your setup. A simple 2 parallel wires setup would transmit very little wattage, in relation to the size of the antenna (1 light second is a huge antenna). But if you set it up like a transformer, you can deliver much more power.
Magnetic field is the explanation
This guy is disingenuous in his experiment.   He puts the light bulb 3 feet from the battery, where you will get an electric/magnetic field from the battery.   If you locate the light 30 miles from the battery, like the typical powerplant is, ten there is NO direct electric/magnetic field from the power plant to the light.     It's common knowledge that there is a magnetic/electric field around the wires, and that field strength is directly proportional to the voltage on the wire.  But current IS electrons flowing through the wire.   And while they may not move fast, there is a LOT of them moving.     Electrons are the "force" that provides the motive power in a circuit, that is, they are the current in Amps.  And the voltage is the intensity or "pressure" of the Amps.   When you those two combined, you the power of the circuit.
"The clue that this is a _thought experiment_ is the two light seconds of superconducting wire that stretch out into space."  I love that little jab. 😂
So basically, Ohms law and the “shortcuts“ utilized and understood in circuitry by the general public, electricians, and most scientists, is to this level and depth of understanding of circuitry what Newtonian physics is to Einstein’s field equations and general relativity. They both work when applied, although the electricians version is simpler, easier to use, and in some ways, more superficial in levels of understanding.
5:04 How does that help to show the left side electrons are not pushing the right side ones? Sure everything is at a stable 0, like in a flowing river any molecule is equally pushed by the right and left side molecules. But if the molecules from the upstream lake weren't literally pushing the downstream molecules to get to the downstream lake, there would be no current.  More precisely, if you were to suddenly cut the current to the left, the intensity of the current to the right of that barrier would immediately fall to 0 locally, only to be averaged later by water/electrons from downstream rushing to fill the sudden gap. Once the intensity of the current averaged throughout the river/cable after a few back and forths at the speed of sound-in-water/light, the intensity would steadily decrease until all the water/electrons are in the "downstream lake".  So I'm sorry but that image and message at 4:51 is as misleading as saying that if I were to push a box at a constant speed, I'm not actually "pushing", since the forces of my push are cancelled by the forces of the opposite push by the ground and air. Yes I am pushing the box and yes the electrons are pushing the ones to their right. Just because you can only observe a difference in forces at the moment of impulse, when there is acceleration between speed 0 and final speed, doesn't mean the rest of the motion at constant speed is not also me pushing the box...  And that impulse/signal of acceleration, which travels at the speed of light in electron cables, IS what makes the lightbulb start glowing so fast. The local electrons get the acceleration signal, or push, to start "slowly" moving to light the bulb. Then they keep being pushed by the electrons upstream.  So saying that "mobile electrons cannot push each other through the wire" is just plain wrong. I'll watch the rest of the video now, and I get the intuition that your explanation will also be correct, although less satisfying in that it will be unnecessarily more complicated than mine/aplhaphoenix' and bringing more questions than it answered. And if I were to quantify how much more complicated it is compared to what it needs to be, i.e. the conventional electrons pushing one, I'd wager it's proportional to your need to save face. I know it sounds harsh but you should have taken the criticism of the people who called your explanation out rather than doubling down. It's the mature thing to do.
A bit more information on the exact role of battery in the circuit would have been better.
I always see lights dimly lits for few seconds even after I turn off ...is it due to electric field in the wires
What's a surface charge?
Hey Derek! Great, great video! Thank you! Do you think it would be worth another video to talk about the magnetic parallel to this? Namely: materials with high relative permeability (for example, iron) act as "guides" for the magnetic field. That is the working principle behind transformers, with the primary coil of the transformer having the parallel role of the "battery" in the electrical case, and the magnetically susceptible material playing the role of the "conductor". :D
This video should have been the original video
If electrons don’t flow down wires, then how do vacuum tubes work
This video is proof of why shoud always higher an electrician.
There is no electron proton neutron. All lies. Some guy delusion and everyone followed.
All our science are lies. Current is Magnetic Momentum (magnetic inertia)
Great work
Millions of times a day a spot weld is made, and if any of what you are saying is true, each spot weld would require a different current, because each spot weld made would lower the resistance through the sheets of metal being welded if the current was flowing on the outside of the sheets of metal being welded together. But that is not the case. The electrical current flows right through both sheets from both electrodes welding the metal together. You can even edge weld all the edges of the metal and then put spot welds in the center of the sheets. There is no doubt the electricity takes the shortest path the path of least resistance between the two electrodes, which is right through the two plates, perpendicular to their surfaces.    Around the wires you are reading the slowed ambient radiation that is slowed by either an abundance or shortage of wire voltage. Since colleges were paid to sabotage Benjamin Franklin's correct markings for polarity during WWII, talking about electricity with any sanity really went out the window. Benjamin Franklin created the test to tell which way electricity flows using pointed and flat electrodes. There is no doubt of the results.
How many are electrician or electrical engineers viewing this? 😂
It's a miracle that we have achieved so much with so many misconceptions about electricity.
Dont people study electromagnetic induction at schools and universities anymore?
The fact that he acknowledges mistakes and corrects them dramatically increases his credibility.
You didn’t do a good job
So this suggests if you insulate wire, electricity can't flow through it, which I'm sure is definitely correct
ITS A BIG BIG FAIL FACEPALM ETC
Can someone explain what would happen if you surrounded the load with a Faraday cage?    In this scenario, the load would take longer to "light" ?
Thanks for modeling productive, spirited, evidence-based argumentation!
14:00 is that ghost voltage?
1:11 interesting to see Abbott here because his name is always alphabetically put at the first place in the enormous list of authors of the exciting papers of LIGO collaboration.
Haven't watched the video yet, but gave a like for the Gladiator reference in the thumbnail. 😂
I don't get all the hubbub. You figure this out in basically every 3rd year EM course for physics degrees. Sure not this exact problem but many like it. It's all in Maxwell's equations.
Electroboom just wanted views by being wrong 😂
Then Can you explain lightning bolt, LED or transistors, electric eals, Tesla coil, wireless charging, neuron electricity and so much more uncleared fields according to this explanation
It's still the electrons that produce the field. It's not radiation but near field. This field accelerates electrons and these electrons transfer their excess kinetic energy to the load. I model the load as a resistor in my thoughts. Let's not bring in LEDs at this point.
You made the electrons flow internally through a battery. Woah!  Now, that has turned everything upside down on centuries old theory of electrochemical energy devices.   Please don't propagate such miconception.
19:44 "...unfair to use a little  LED when I showed a bulb and car battery in the original video." Man, people are too damn pedantic sometimes.
Okay but the fact the load doesn’t receive the full voltage until after a half a second feels like a fairly important detail? I knew the answer was 1/c seconds but I feel he is deflecting here 19:40. His original video implied the load would receive the full current in 1/c seconds.
If an experiment starts off with these words it’s not a good experiment  “It should be just like the other model”  Throw the whole experiment away lol
this is a really good content. especially the equivalent circuit to represent the Mutual Induction of the two parallel wires.
The Electroboom channel is just so incredibly annoying that it's hard to even take the guy seriously.
Electrons push each  in an instantaneous action as discovered by Ampere 300 years ago. Ampere also described this instantaneous force of charges on each mathematically, but this discovery was neglected and dropped by physicists for a mathematically easier approximation of charge forces on each other. Einstein did not like anything moving faster than light, but now it is proven that the action of entangled particles moves faster than light, completely debunking Einstein relativity theory.
Derek, please make a video, what happens in short circuit, what happens with differente gauges of cable, current?, low resistance?
The short video of Rick Hartley is kind of funny. I feel its quite ironic how one of the most practical aspect of circuit design (the layout of a PCB) is exactly where you need the most theoretically physically 'correct' knowledge/interpretation of how things work.
You are still wrong by the way.
So how do people get shocked?
I think the only person who could really explain the electricity to us is a practicing scientist genius. Otherwise these fools understand nothing, just paraphrasing each other over and over again.
Isnt this explained by induction? Like how a hot wire can induce a current in another wire that runs parallel to it?
So in a nutshell... An antenna?
see electricity or electrons working for those who don’t know why this all is working just want to claim they know everything
I thought you explained it decently. It wasn't full on but you were very clear about magnetism etc. playing it's part. You have a self administered flu vaccine add on your page BTW, might want to bump that one too get more views. People aren't as dumb as they used to be after their relatives were killed with remdesivir and intubation.
This is just mutual coupling you're measuring.
witchcraft
Non scientist here; I got halfway through and realised it is impossible for me to understand, perhaps without first taking a degree in physics !  I guess you are 'preaching to the converted' here and only those with prior deep understanding of electrics will get what you are explaining. I'll stick to simpler videos !
These was so cool, it should be done more often. It lead to healthy discussion and incredible explanation videos. In the end we all understand electricity better.
Never again I saw another video from this guy. This is a lesson to all of us out here... It is not because you 10 million followers and a team to make your videos you are scientifically accurate at all.
19:52 I think there's actual application for this guess were not on that level yet
19:45 still though not everyone that watches your video can comprehend that part not everyone is knowledgeable of electronics, there will be people who will misunderstood that and probably thought that regardless of the bulb it will still on  its like saying "I have a pet here (uses dog as an analogy) and if i feed my pet chocolate will he die or not"   cat owners be like: guess my cat can eat chocolate
Who doesn't know that current is a field? Why so much nagging in all these two videos just to say it travels in the speed of light?
This line made it click for me  "Even a slight expansion or contraction of the electron sea, with electrons moving on average the radius of a proton, can establish the surface charges you see... The speed of the setup process is limited only by the speed of light”
How would the experiment change if the conductor was a shielded cable?
.. what if light also moved sideways and backwards through time (3D + 3T) at a Planck-scale refresh rate ..
9:50 what's even the point of the battery then? How does it percipitate the electric current along the wire?
If you grab a wire that is sheathed it won't zap you or have any electrical effects. But if you touch that wire that is in the sheath you will get electricuted or zapped depending on amperes etc. Not sure on the physics on this equation but nevertheless you will get an electric shock. So no... The electric field creates the flux and I think that is what he is trying to establish. The flux outside the whole schematic diagram and process of the function and fundamental fabric of the and entire electrical or electronic system. But don't quote me lol.
Very good follow up
If my headlamp uses 50 watts and i have a 4.5 volt batterie with a 1000ah capacity why does it only last 2 hours?
Im pretty sure if derek is correct, than the density if the material surrounding the wire (and in between the battery and bulb) should have impact on the time taken to switch on the bulb.  Em radiation travel slow in a denser material when compared to vaccum  Please clearify me
Why didn't you show an experiment where the light bulb would light up at a distance, without a wire? 13:17
Mind boggling stuff. I would love to know what happens when you touch a wire and get shocked. Like...why do you feel a shock and what's actually going on there.
Hello Veritasium team! First I'd like to say that enjoy the content very much and I wish I'd chosen physics as my area, but alas, computer science it was... I like the way you guys deliver the videos and the animations and transitions and everything! really awesome!  Some (perhaps) years ago I first watched the video about the light bulb on a C-long wire and that got me thinking. After quite some time I decided to write you guys so perhaps you can explain something to me.  Please indulge me a thought experiment. Lets have a similar setup to the video one, where the battery and the lamp are 1 meter apart, but instead of the wire being C-long, lets make infinitely long.  In this new setup, due to the wire being infinitely long, no actual electron will EVER reach the bulb. No field propagation will ever reach the bulb. Yet, according to the proposal, the bulb will light up in 1/c time.  You see, if the wire is infinitely long, connected to the bulb and battery, and uppon closing the circuit the bulb lights up, you get almost instantaneous confirmation that the infinite wire itself is intact AND if the wire at any point gets cut/broken you would get that info almost instantaneously because the light would have to shutdown.  How can this be?  Best Regards,
That Ben Watson looks like Tyler Henry, the psychic guy.
13:34 did he just said that the light will turn on even with uncompleted circuit!
This made me think about my ham radio coax feed lines to my antenna; and the effect of the shielding etc.
If the circuit is open, you wont have build up of charges in the first place right, so near the switch, only negative is there, the otherside positive wont be there
OK, I watched other videos. Your original video is misleading, confusing, full of unexplained simplifications and preteritions. This video does not address any of them and just an attempt to look like you were right at the first place. After watching AlphaPhoenix experiments, it's clear that you didn't tell anything new, you just twisted already known facts in a way like the electricity works in a way no one knows. The correct answer is: it would take a length of wire / C time (or half of that if you have only one switch instead of two switches to not create a capacitance effect) to light a bulb. Yes, the initial instant movement of charged particles will generate electromagnetic field around the wire and that field will spread in space around the wire, yes this will cause an EMF in the wire near by, yes that EMF can be detected in second part of the wire including you imaginary bulb in time 1m/C (assuming the distance between wires 1m), no it won't light the real bulb, since it is so tiny that amount of current the EMF would create is not enough. So WHAT? I learned all that in physics classes at the age of 15 in the school.
Mom told me the energy is delivered by fairies riding their unicorns down the power lines
Muy didáctico y esclarecedor. Gracias.
Seeing this after talking about electron gradients in the original video comments makes me feel validated. Im not an engineer but it made pretty intuitive sense.
Which app do you use for this type of magnificent animation.
Welp im lost.
You have been clear even first time. Clearly you are playing between yourself to find new subjects for new videos. 😁 Anyway  more videos, more points of view and stimulus for us to deepen our understanding. Well done, thanks 👏🤗
One thing you didn't mention is that the field (or fields) is just a mathematical abstraction, a convenient way to talk about a physical phenomena, rather than something material. Then you bring electromagnetic induction to confuse people even more with two disconnected wires explanation.
Your explanations are extremely clear and compelling. Thank you for your work on this and many other subjects. Your channel is truly inspiring and the videos you produce force me to revisit topics and question the ways I have learned and taught physics. Your channel is a brain gym, I love it!!! :D
This just blew my mind!!! Makes me revisit a lot of things I had learned earlier about electric and magnetic fields!!
Do these electro magnetic fields that surround all of us have any effect on the human body over time?
Most overheadl line workers are well aware of this. Safty measures are taken when working on lines when a parallel line is energized.  Extra earth's are used to protect against induced voltage.  From the EMF.
How far apart can the switch be from a lower power LED to make it light up faster than following the circuit?  I better rewatch the video to see if he gives that equation.
People aren't aware of how power flows due to poor education.
The one thing I got from this video is that the energy doesn't effect the bulb through the wire, but through the field.  Now I want scientists to apply this to organic energy: the organic energy doesn't flow through the meridians but through the aura.  Unfortunately, once you mention the word aura (whitch is simply a name for the field surrounding the human body) all scientists go 😂 or 🙈.  Please, please, start looking at the obvious and let us finally get scientific reasoning why energy medicine should be incuded in the regular treatment methods 🙏🏼
Don’t believe the guy. The truth is- it’s magic.
So tell me why we waste money insulating copper wire? Guess you could also tell me how it is if fields are the means of electron movement how is it these fields are not killing people left and right? I guess we are talking theory and in practice. Yes I do believe a field is created but I also believe that everything requiring household amperages requires what we call "hard wiring" If that were not the case. anyone touching a ground potential would be hit by those nasty uncontrollable fields. I will change my mind in another five minutes
Great job as it turns out.
Sorry if this sounds dramatic but since no one is likely to read this anyway ... I cannot believe how bad all of the explanations of this topic are. I've watched the original Veritasium video, the Electroboom one, the EEV one ... all of them terrible explanations which assume way too much knowledge on the part of the viewer AND sometimes contradict each other.   I'm not saying this as an electrical engineer or other expert, I am saying this as a layperson. I genuinely consider myself reasonably intelligent. I went to a global top 30 university. I left the natural sciences behind in high school, but my grades were upper quartile. I will happily admit I did not have the calculus talent to continue with Physics, but I have always loved it.   I've watched videos on M-Theory, Calabi–Yau manifolds, Quantum Field Theory,  and walked away with at least a cursory understanding. Maybe I really am the dumbest guy in the room, but I can start to see why they simplify and misrepresent it so much, pre-university. That we even need a Caltech scientist who worked on LIGO to help setup an experiment to explain seems insane.  I think this topic could really benefit from a WIRED-style "explain like I'm 5" all the way to "explain like I'm a PhD student" video to cut through all the contradictions and join the dots from the simplistic explanations to the accurate ones.
Am I the only one that gets annoyed be the 1/c s? Time has no unit thats s^2/m, as stated with 1/c s. Correct would be 1/c m! Why? - The unit of c is m/s, so velocitiy, and to get to time with 1/c we need to multiply with m. The more practical reason is, where 1/c actually came from. s = v*t, distance is the product of velocity and time. So t = s/v, use 1m as distance and v=c for the speed of light, we get to 1m/c which is 1/c m!
It’s so funny cause he just proved how many people out there are fighting to hold onto old knowledge that has been improved upon
Electricity is a government conspiracy ....Dr. Hattie May Smith, Sneads Ferry N.C. 1888
I love everything about (all of) this.
Imagine if we get rid of the lumped element model and start teaching students the right way of thinking about electricity and magnetism from the very beginning. How much more potential of their thinking can be unlocked. So many people are confused by electromagnetism because of the deeply rooted lumped element model. I am definitely one of the confused students. Haters are going to hate by picking on small technicalities. They always miss the forest for the trees. Good job Veritasium for starting this discussion.
What a brilliant video! It also highlights the challenges of crosstalk in computer board design, where thousands of lines connect large data buses, and careful design choices are needed to avoid interference between them. This ties directly into the issue of voltage-level thresholds, which determine whether a signal is interpreted as a 0 or a 1. Maxwell’s equations explain it all, though they can be difficult to grasp and appreciate at first, so modeling often relies on simplified approaches, which can miss what is truly happening.
Well,  I’m not an electrician or even scholar but looking on comments from electricians or engineers how wrong is video even taugh they are not educated enough about this same as machine operator doesn’t need to know fundamental principles how medical high end or chip machines works 😅 but I want to ask simple question, does not it explain how cern or space sattelites or space sector operate so this is old physics not new one ?
But how does this explain the double slit experiment?
Part 3?
I find it so funny to find that the dude's name who discovered the direction of energy flow is named 'Poynting' as if he was born for this.
This is absolutely fascinating! Traditional approaches of explaining how electricity ‘flows’ in school is really doing society a disservice.
When I first saw it, it reminded me of a spark gap transmitter with two huge transmitter and receiver antennas separated by 1m, complicated by their closeness resembling a very long transmission line making for a complex single spark transient current and resulting EM propagation until a stable DC prevailed. Very fascinating thought experiment which I am still contemplating. LED bulbs are not the best detector as they have internal issues!
This is one of the best videos on electricity. I really like what you do. You clarify science like nobody else. It is not an easy job. Thank you! ❤
Thank you
And how does fire actually work
think of it like a bunch of self-resetting dominoes
TLDR: Veritasium mess up (did a mistake) and now makes an appology. We dont want your appology. Just dont lie to us never again ok?
🤗🤗🤗
as a Field, i'm glad some human finally give some credit that we move the electron
Thank you sir
this is just amazing, im a teenager suffering with electricity logic and now i understand it thoroughly!!
Wow, this has helped me so much in my research. This is truly a great video.
Ohm law is U= I × R Symbol for voltage is U not V V is the unit.
Ich nehm das mal so hin weil es von Leuten gesagt wird die wesentlich klüger sind als ich. Was aber für mich irgendwie sehr verwirrend in diesen Illustrationen ist, sind die negativen Elektronen die von den positiven Atomen zurückprallen. Ich glaube da hab ich nochmal was nicht ganz verstanden 🙄
Maxwell must have been quite a genius
if wires only conduct an electric field and can work if detached from the battery/source then why won't circuits work in series if one element (eg a light) is broken?
Good to know that now we know exactly how electricity works and there's nothing else going on 😅
I don’t get it, you said earlier how the magnetic field of the battery doesn’t give it power, because moving the lightbulb closer to the battery doesn’t make it light up, but in the 300,000 km equation, it’s because the bulb is closer, that the answer is 1m/c, now I understand it’s not from the battery, but idk it just didn’t sit right with me Also, why does the circuit have to be closed to light the bulb? Because you said the far edges don’t have to be closed to light the bulb, so what’s stopping the part before the switch to power the bulb? Is it because of how much of the wire is magnetically charged? Like the more of the wire is powered the farther the field, eventually reaching 1m, charging the other line?
Please Derek! Please! Its really important i get confirmation in my hypothesis...the lattices that we see in crystalline structures are as a result of the probability conductivity(?) ...this is why i need to talk to you 😭😭😭
wires Channel the Fields! Like in wheel of Time series , so cool❤
What about in  1940s hand wired radio circuits?
why is it bright at 13:27 down and not at 12:24?
Electroboom had messaged that veritasium was stepping into his territory and he would make a video about it, and well, electroboom did make a video
If you increase the energy the volts in the field would increase too? So less waste?
13:25 but there is just an electric field, if the circuit is complete, because of your explanation in 10:52. You just have the potential difference between the switch if the circuit is complete.
Why do we always need to complete the circuit then
Excellent!
Ohms law is applicable to measure resistance of an element at CONSTANT TEMPERATURE only. Ohm's Law is valid for CONSTANT TEMPERATURE because it assumes a fixed relationship between voltage, current, and resistance. In many cases, it is a difficult law to apply. Electricity is a field- a minefield!
snap
Thank you. Excellent video.  True I only understood half of it. But this answered so many questions I’ve had about electricity. The way we teach it is very wrong.   I didn’t understand all the details. Tbh you probably don’t either. 10 years from now you may look back on your own experiment and refine your own understanding. But you absolutely achieved your main point.  It got us rethinking was electricity is.  It made me unlearn a lot of my conceptions.  Thanks brother.
There's no such thing as gravitational waves FYI, if you  really have critical thinking you would know the world is a level plane as God made it and where the center of the creation, and I think even if you found out the truth you would not jeopardize your career over truth, let's start getting truth in the world
I love how you managed to piss off the internet.
I am an elecrtician and I learnd so much I didn't know
I think 🤔 the wire opposite the battery is affected by the magnetic field building on the wire close to the battery because the two wires are close this induces an emf in the bulb causing the little voltage but if there are placed far apart it wouldn't be so
The experiment they did is not relevant to their actual light bulb question because they literally closed the loop and ruined the whole point of the experiment. Energy can only flow locally if the circuit is complete. So no the light bulb would not turn on, or receive 5 watts of power if the local fields do not have a completed circuit to flow through. Making their video still wrong.
The experiment is flawed because it’s a closed circuit even with the resistors, try doing the same experiment with your original thesis of lighting the bulb with just the wire 1 meter away completely disconnect the two wires and see how much watts get transferred - this video is about as accurate as saying that a disconnect normal circuit powers a light bulb anyway through the fields, which isn’t true because you need the fields to form and be connected for more than leakage current and voltage to flow.
Veritasium is my idol.
So I'm a few beers down and this is fascinating. My question/ challenge is this. In India and other places too, I  suppose you can find super poor families wrapping a fine wire atached to a bulb round a higher voltage wire (the kind that go from pole to pole) the bulb lights up with no physical contact of metal wires.  But I  can and have had similar wires in my hand and felt nothing. What did I miss?
HFSS and Maxwell, then oscilloscope and trigger... End of story
19:00 It feels like he just pointed at a Miller Plateau and made a claim that has nothing to do with it.
Thank you so much for this video, how amazing explanation, how beautiful is to discuss this essential questions.
My marriage proposal still stands.
So, if one half of the circuit were completely shielded from the battery side, would that prevent the lamp from lighting?
I still have a question.. if you hold a 1km wire in a straight line, one tip of the wire is in your hand, the other tip is about to be inserted in an outlet... At the moment the wire enters the outlet, at what speed the electricity will arrive in your hands? Is it as speed of light?
Electrons DON'T exist, they are measured disturbances in the field (aether)
Derek you're the best! thanks
how does having a net zero electric charge disable electrons from interacting with eachother?
Ya but you need big power to do that because electric power will change to become another power like electromagnetic impedance dll
IIUC if you had AC instead of DC that 1st second effect would be continuing and could create problems being out of phase with the AC field that is traveling along the wire.  Even worse, if it was a digital data signal it would be noise on your signal
As an electronics engineer I’m going to have to stick to my lumped version of understanding, it best allows helpful and ‘conclusive’ measurements, that said this video and its subject is fascinating, a battery is not full of high energy electrons just bursting to get out of the cell, but the potential to generate a magnetic field in a loop (circuit) of wire.
Have they figured it all out? I'm three years late to this video and don't know what the hell anyone's talking about. However, I hope whatever it was has been solved.
This is AWESOME!!! I cannot wait to show this video to my kids (they're 3, it wouldn't make sense yet) but my goal is to feed them knowledge just like this, so they will better understand the value of what they are learning as they study in school. I have always struggled with electronics, and part of the reason why is due to learning so many misconceptions about how electronic systems actually work. What fascinates me, is that I believe many of the earliest generations of electronic engineers understood what was happening, maybe even just through trial and error, but some of that knowledge was lost or misinterpreted as they tried to educate and inform others who did not have their experience designing and building new electric systems. Over time, new engineers simply learned what works best and stuck with that knowledge, without always understanding the fundamentals of why it works, and some of the knowledge was further obscured over time. This sort of research explains what we know to be true in a way that brings it to life, and hopefully for my children, will establish them on a much better foundation of knowledge than I had!
Growing up, I had a great demonstration of electric fields at work.  My family had been sailing our catamaran on a lake most of the morning and early afternoon.  We noted a storm was starting to develop in the mountains across the lake, so we quickly got ashore and began breaking down the cat.  As we were breaking down it had become a full fledged thunderstorm and you could see lightning striking.  Well my dad was coiling the wire cables that stabilize the mast.  As he was coiling them lightning struck only a few miles off and he got a mild shock from the coiled wire responding to that electric field.  He’s an electrical engineer and he said he should have known better he just wasn’t thinking in those terms.    All of it stuck in my memory because I was in awe that lightning from several miles away could induce enough current to shock my dad. (He was fine, just startled him).  Ever since, the wireless charging and the transformers make a kind of sense to me.  It’s easy to talk about electricity like water.  But the difference is the electrons aren’t moving much.  It’s the fields doing the work which is why transformers and similar devices are able to work.   Anyway, thought I’d share the memory.
Well done! Regardless of any 'errors' in the first video, you got a lot of folks at least THIINKING ABOUT all the various aspects, hence questions/criticisms of all sorts from all directiions.  But EVERYONE is smarter than they were, and more interested in what's actually going on. THAT is a huge win!
took me just 3 years after first seeing this, to finally understand what you meant 😄
Wave effing equations yo 😂 awesome demonstration
does this mean that if I take a wire without insulation by hands near a source of a strong electric field, I will get an electric shock?
The video has more emphasis on field than electrons. I find fields.fascinating . The fact that some electrons can move faster than light because the fields collapse and expand . Further studies in this are warranted...
Everyone should know this from wireless transmission that you don't actually need wires running anywhere, but you do need wires making field lines, it amazes me that we always teach the wrong things in public schools and then when they get to a paid education find it's a bunch of lies.
Stop.  3:05  This makes no sense.  You are animating electrons BOUNCING OFF positive charges as if they are not attracted to each other!  If you did this with magnets this wouldn't look like this AT ALL.  You KNOW that.  Continuing with this idea, how fast would you have to shoot polar opposite magnets at each other to make them BOUNCE OFF each other?   I suspect the magnets would SHATTER long before they rebound.  There are more problems with this animation but I will leave them for later.     My answers?   The Aether DOES exist and it is very likely that CHARGE is an entity that exists in a higher dimension and when it intersects with our dimension, it looks to us like a wave/particle.    Let the hate begin...
so the wire could be hallow , like a think copper straw. since the election flows around the outside of the wire.
He said hold on i have to go clear a few thing up then decisides to say screw all yall and drops the mic on everyone 😂😂 im glad i started watching this channel
Then what happens if we touch  live wire
Your ending and recommended the channels that challenged your videos excited to the point of goosebumps of how wonderful the community dynamic is among you guys.
All this just to turn a light bulb😂😂😂
It looks very much like this video was made by someone with an engineering background. It's the over-emphasis of electric and magnetic fields as though they are not part of the very particles (electrons and protons) that 'create' them. This emphasis causes confusion. Please skip to point (5) if you don't have the energy to read through it all.  (1) Your depiction of electrons moving randomly like a gas is inaccurate; electrons tend to avoid coming close to one another due to both electrical repulsion and quantum mechanical effects. A more appropriate model is the "almost free electron Fermi gas." The key issue, however, lies in the assumption that these rapidly-moving electrons can significantly exchange energy with the surrounding lattice ions. The notion that a non-conducting wire can contain electrons at an effective temperature of several thousand Kelvin, and that adding a small amount of energy through the addition of excess electrons would not lead to heating of the lattice structure, is not correct.  Only the energy levels very close to the Fermi energy contribute significantly to the thermal characteristics of a metal; those below, often referred to as the "Fermi sea," do not play a role in this context. At absolute zero, all electron energy states are filled up to the Fermi energy, which does indeed correspond to a temperature of several thousand Kelvin. This leads to an important conclusion: an electron under these conditions cannot collide with a lattice ion resulting in an increase of the ion's kinetic energy, because the electron must then lose energy. However, there are no available lower energy states to transition into because all of them are occupied. Consequently, the electron cannot exchange energy with the lattice ions under these conditions.  It is only when electrons begin to occupy states above the Fermi energy during thermal excitation, or when extra electrons are added, that some electrons occupy levels above the Fermi level and, as such, there are energy levels (or states) just below them which then can 'fall' into. The available states that are responsible for the energy exchanges are located very near the top of the energy structure, meaning that energy exchange between the ions and electrons is limited to a few energy increments just above and just below the Fermi energy. The extra energy the system gains by 'forcing' excess electrons onto the wire, which is partly manifested as a very slow drift velocity, DOES significantly influence their ability to exchange energy with the lattice ions. This point seems to me to be minimized and presented partly incorrectly in the video by showing the vast difference in the 'speed' associated with the Fermi energy and that extra speed associated with the drift velocity as though that minute extra speed is somehow  insignificant.  Furthermore, it is possible to equate the energy involved in the chemical reactions within batteries (which supply and accept electrons) to the energy dissipated in the circuit, as you are surely aware. This energy originates from the chemical reactions in the battery that either require electrons or result in electrons. When an electron is added to the circuit at one terminal of the battery it disturbs free electrons in the surroundings which cause them to adjust their positions. This disturbance propagates at nearly the speed of light. This push (the force or electrical disturbance) spreads in all directions, traversing the 1-meter gap as well as circulating around the circuit.  One then could ask, which direction facilitates the most efficient energy transfer to the electrons near or in the light bulb? It should be the path around the circuit if it has low enough electrical resistance. This principle is similar to the use of an iron core in a transformer or a dielectric material between capacitor plates, as propagating energy through space over long distances is less efficient than transmitting it through a medium with a high density of particles that respond to the applied force over short distances.  In simplified microscopic terms, one must compare the efficiency of energy transfer from a transmitter (an electron) to a receiver (another electron) with a very small area separated by a large distance, to that of energy transfer through multiple (non-amplifying) receivers arranged in a line, each separated by very small distances (all adhering to the inverse-square law). Typically, the former would be more efficient; however, since a metal wire contains an enormous number of free electrons, the effective area of each receiver along the wire is significantly large. This abundance of free electrons more than compensates for the inefficiencies associated with repeated transmission.  (2) Surface charges ARE electrons, or the lack thereof. So why not just say gradient of electron density along the surface? The reason that charges are on the surface is because EXCESS electrons supplied by the CHEMISTRY in the battery don't like to be near each other, they have nowhere to go, so excess electrons will be found on the surface, such that the potential energy of the system will be minimized. By the way, 1cm cubic block of isolated copper has about 1e23 free electrons, and you only need a few hundred thousand excess electrons to raise the voltage by 1V.  The battery does not magically make an electric field,  it just maintains a separation of electrons and ions - the chemical reactions in the battery would go until all chemical reactants are depleted,  but the force between the ions and electrons eventually becomes too great for the reactions to continue. So an isolated battery always has a 'characteristic' voltage, which is directly associated with the energy changes involved in the chemical reaction(s)).   (3) You say that electrons do not push each other but, instead, the electric field pushes the electrons. Well this amounts to electrons pushing electrons after all (not forgetting the negative ions pulling them).  What you didn't point out, or perhaps preferred not to express, is that, unlike the very short-range forces that push one molecule away from another, electrons experience much longer-range forces. This means that electrons, even at great distances, can influence one another, and they continue to exert repulsive forces on each other. In fact, they can affect each other over vast cosmic distances.  (4) So we can easily form a robust mental picture in which electrons then really do push each other around the circuit and other places they can find them. Its just unfortunate that you didn't define the word 'push' very well. But to my mind, 'push' they do.  (5) Your video (like this comment perhaps) could have been much shorter. In essence, "Electrons can influence each other over large distances, and like all interactions in the universe, they don’t actually 'physically' touch; instead, the forces appear to act through space. However, the 'push' exerted by electrons can extend over significant distances. When the switch is closed in the circuit, it initiates the movement of electrons, which can then cause electrons to re-adjust their positions in and around the light bulb on the opposite side of the switch (and elsewhere). This phenomenon is a form of electrical or electromagnetic interference that is widely understood. Ultimately, the primary force driving the electrons through the light bulb comes from the movement of electrons around the wire."  (6) To put into perspective the incredible forces involved, and way the free electrons in a metal should not be viewed is a flow but an incredibly stiff solid (stiffer than any know molecular solid). If I were to increase the number of free electrons on 1 cm cube cube copper block by only 0.07% it would result in 1 Coulomb of charge on that block (that is the number of electrons flowing across a plane perpendicular to the direction of current flow per second if that current was 1A ). If I were to get a second identical block, also having 1C of charge. On earth, in order to maintain a distance between them of 1 m, so as to counteract the repulsion, I would need to apply a weight of 900 million kilograms! This shows  clearly that it takes only a very tiny disturbance to one electron's position to make other electrons (even those very far away) adjust their position.   (7) Finally. At least in terms of electron movement, magnetic fields can be too much of an abstraction. They are the result of a correction we apply due to time dilation when electrons move at the drift velocity.  That's all.   Two electrons separated by a small distance will repel each other due to the electrostatic force acting between them, allowing us to predict the speed at which they will move apart. However, if these two electrons were moving across your field of view, you would observe their separation speed to be less than what is predicted by electrostatic forces, because time has slowed down for them from your point of view. To resolve this apparent contradiction, we introduce the concept of a 'magnetic force' that acts to keep them together for a longer duration. Even though the electrons are not traveling anywhere near the speed of light, the electric forces involved are so strong that we can still observe relativistic effects, even at very low speeds. Length contraction can also be incorporated into this discussion.  So while abstract concepts like macroscopic electric and magnetic fields are useful, isn’t it more intuitive to think of electrons as simply pushing each other around?  For example, the statement "An inductor resists attempts to change the magnitude of the current flowing through it" can be confusing. What does that mean? Why does it happen? How does it work? It can leave one feeling perplexed! Maxwell's equations are also useful, but give little 'physical' insight.
13:18 Wait but then why do we need to have a complete circuit at all? Why do we need the switch at all? Wouldn't this mean that even with the switch open, the light would turn on when the battery is inserted into the circuit?
Hey i got ur channel 👍👍
The moral of the story is that electricity is magic and made up
Polarity? Magnetic? Or Gravitational?  Pull?
Does the EMP then just disrupt this electric field?
Now I understand why I shouldn't wave my fishing rod below a pylon...
So Tesla’s was right. We can use electricity through the air. Hence his electric towers. It’s there we just have to work out how to harness it.
Hi. So what is energy. Before we can discuss how energy flows and where it flows, we need to understand what energy is. Then you can explain why it doesn’t travel in wires.  Just a thought.  Great videos and explanations.
Indint get it hie the radiating field turns on the light when there are like thousand fields from  from other cables... Which could interact
Too complicated.
By your description we can make monopole devices if we switch them fast enough.
5:40 is where its at
And if you switch off how long does it take for the bulb to go off ?
For those who don't get it don't worry it took me 4.5 years of electrical engineering college and alot of extra digging and contemplating and I'm still not 100 percent sure I understand everything. He really needed to make some more "so here's what in trying to say" statements in this video.
I finally get electricity. It's complicated.
so u say that alternate curent CAN be transmited via field. but IS it? in long lines it is transmited via local field of local electrons, and in transformator it is transmited via field of distant electrons. if we measure by non-twisted meters, then electricity is transmited mostly via conductors and rarely via field
So much resistance
This is quite bold to state this as truth when it is purely theoretical. Electron Theory is not proven, it is a set of ideas. In my opinion and due to my electricity experiment experience, polarity is a hoax. There is charge and receptor at distinct variations in charge and receptivity that join through harmony- not polarity. Coherent vibrations are attracted to other coherent vibrations. Thanks for reading, @coherence888 channel dedicated to longevity and dis-ease reversal/metal poisening.
Thanks for this and the previous video. It makes me think. I recently had a lightning strike which looks loke it missed the lightning conductor moved right through my house (floorwise and I could see how it ripped out some of the bricks) at the bottom and took out about half of my electrical equipment. Surge arrestors inside were mostly intact. It took out half of my inverter,  alarm system, tv, one power circuit and also neighbor's alarm. Based on this, I wondered if a model could be set up to predict all the different flows to better predict and prevent the damage. These fields can be devastating :-)
Amazing work diving deeper! Reminds me of Teslas work and the beginning of explaining free vacuum or zero point energy technology. You’d likely get way more kick back, gaslight, and shadow banned but you would likely explain better than anyone 👏🙏🏼🙌 thank you again, so grateful to be able to nerd out and learn from an excellent educator!
What is the distance between the switch and resistor here?
As a total noob in this area, and yet curious, this makes me wonder then what it is that gives someone an electric shock. I kind of thought it was the energy, but you need to actually touch the wire (or something connected to it through a conductor) to get a shock, right? So if the energy is outside the wire, what is it that gives us the shock? The moving electrons? Please explain as if I’m a ten-year-old.
I dont understand how is this "showing what's usually hidden ". We already use this property in coils and transformers. We already know that AC creates electromagnetic field around wires that can be picked up by other wires to covert back to AC current. There is no real DC in the world. You can't just have a circuit spawned out of nowhere whith everything already flowing in it. The lowest you get is 0.5Hz. Because when you flick the switch - you go from 0V to battery V. This is half-a-period of AC. Of course it will introduce electromagnetic field that will be picked up by another wire 1 meter apart. That's how antennas work. And the further the wire is - the lower the picked up current will be. So in a 1meter-over-light second circuit there will probably be so low current that is indistnguishable from leakage current. I really don't see this proving anything or "opening eyes on what is usually hidden"
This just kicks the can down the road in that, first it was the electron carrying the energy and now it's the electric fields...  but the main question is STILL being avoided.  Are electric fields energy, or do they carry energy?
And don't we have sensitive enough equipment to measure to the motion of the field?  Surely we can do pico second measurements and prove this.
Ok.  Here's how it really works:  i'm about to describe a secret gov...uck/hgulkjls
hmm - long range wireless is very inefficient - indeed.. Inevrse square...  Wireless switching is best / fastest- though least robust..  Computer Science is (likely) still science. lol..  STEM rules.
You explained it perfectly fine in the first video lol.
Derek, what wonderful explanation of the Maxwell's equations side of electrical engineering.  I knew when I was teaching that some of the "explanations" were more hand waving that detailed.  Of course, you are not alone.  You know that the astrophysicists were late to thinking about the energy in magnetic fields when thinking about how stars work, right?
Great explanation! For the demo, I'm wondering why the wires were placed so high up? Would some current have leaked out to the ground otherwise?
these behaviors you are discovering are its strengths but also it weaknesses.
the fields around a wire are caused when current flows in the wire and vis versa, current is induced from that field, energy is stored in the field around the conductor. energy can be transferred, eg a radio signal..but too say energy only is transferred to the load via the surrounding electro -magnetic field is false. also note when there is a pulse created, the change of state creates that changing radiating field that induces current in near by conductors that cut the field, the wires do not even need to be connected to the circuit that created the pulse. if it very close the capacitance between the conduct will couple the energy across too. that circuit, there are a number of things at play.
Don't forget that as the field radiates away from that closed switch the field gets weaker, and yes the magnetic and electric field induces current in the wire a meter away, if the field is strong enough it can light the bulb.
NO wrong   "  Car harnesses would have appropriate shielding/insulation to isolate each electric field very closely to its native wire and prevent interference, no?    ". . .   Car harnesses do not use shielding to stop interference..  . . .    There are NO significant fields outside wires to cause such interference in normal DC circuit working or even 60Hz AC working.. .   That whole video of Derek's is WRONG, and caused a lot of unnecessary confusing in so many people. .  It is scary how the world is being dumbed down by such nonsense on the Internet.
Amazing
Schools do teach that electron move very slowly through the wire. The first video was just not clearly defining the thought experiment. Clickbait is supose.
Finally, someone has explained what is truly happening—something that traditional explanations often leave unclear and filled with unanswered questions. I've come to realize that magic is happening in every moment, and trying to understand how it happens doesn't diminish its wonder. On the contrary, it deepens the awe.
theres probably more electrons in a small piece of wire than trees on earth, so i guess it makes sense a small contraction or expansion of the sea of delocalised electrons to cause a measurable change in the wire
This is amazing, as an aspiring electrician I don’t see myself using this information within the next decade but it is still cool.
There is nearly no electric field inside the conductor, and there is absolutely no energy transport along the conductor and along the surface of the conductor. The only effect is that the conductor  extends the extension of the electric voltage provided from the battery to wherever the conductor leads to. The energy then is released from the ends of the wire across the electric resistance between the ends of the wires. Sorry, but the explanation given in this second video also is blatant nonsense.
No electrical engineer disagree with you explanation. And they never dispute that energy trasmit through electric magnetic field. It just impractical in their daily life, but it is essential to answer you original question.
The field of study of electricity is as brilliant as it is stupid
13:18 The one thing I was missing here, which was semi-touched on with an off-remark (of being the same "at least initially") is that the "light" will turn on in case of the unclosed circuit as well, but will it or will it not stay on after the field reaches the unclosed part (and the field "finalizes") or will it dim? The long wire is effectively increasing the size of the original unclosed battery's field, but other than that it is effectively just a bigger sized battery, so it may affect the unclosed circuit more than the original, but it is functionally the same as the naked battery. After the field with the bigger unclosed circuit "finalizes", I'd assume that the electrons which on average would move in one direction for a closed circuit will "get stuck", as there is no closed circuit to go though, which I'd assume at least dims the light if not turning it off completely, but maybe it doesn't turn off, as he mentioned that the electrons are kinda bouncing back and forth when passing the energy to the light. Maybe it doesn't even dim, because they might just bounce around differently, but still getting and giving off the energy from the field.  As far as I know even wireless charging and such has closed circuits on both sides of the bigger technically unclosed circuit "connected" by the field which is why this came to mind, although that could be a misconception of mine.
13:33 This helps me to understand the Yagi antenna.
Ok i can finally make myself a foil hat i guess...
as always, brilliant. Thank you for sharing.
So what matters is how far away the switch is from the bulb ? and by "how far away" I mean displacement between switch and bulb not the length of wire connecting them.
Non-physicist here, have some questions. So if the wires are isolated it wouldn't go off in 1m/c? Cause the wire wouldn't be influenced by the field? Also, I thought fields were gradients of electrons (and other charged particles). Doesn't that make it true that it's "electrons pushing each other around", in this case through the air between battery and bulb?
The good and straightforward question to be tested is how far the switch and the impact of its distance on the lighting time of the lamp!  I expect on the basis of my experience and physics background that this has no impact on the lighting time however this will break your assumption quite clearly. I invite you to do this experiment to make or break your theory!
Its just an idea
I still baffled for years by this explanation and one of the thing that still confuses me is that, "If the energy is moving in the field, not in the wire, why when we touch live wire, we are feeling the electric energy comming from the wire, not from the fields?" Thanks in advance for any explanation.
This video was highly informative, but it doesn’t take into an account resistivity of the material being used, which only really affects electricity over vast distances. It’s something that engineers encounter on earth often designing electrical grids. Since the inspiration for this video was seeing if we can light a bulb on the moon, I can assure you resistivity is going to come to play here.
That was as clear as mud.
He also lies and says this is a "Scaled down circuit."   Look at the thickness of the Gauge of the wires!   IT'S A CIRCUIT THAT IS SCALED UP/MADE BIGGER so it will work BETTER.  NOT A SCALED DOWN ONE!
BTW.. not only "COULD YOU" select components where it wouldn't work, but HE DID SELECT A COMPONT THAT WOULDN'T. 120 Volt LED power supply won't power up on the current that goes through.  Maybe the LED elements soldered to it might light a little, but I suspect the wires inside the bulb they're solder to will just drain that current almost as fast as they receive it.  Plus, there's daylight, so it obviously won't be seen.  The spark from the switch will be MUCH brighter I suspect. "Sorry I didn't use the full units" was also TOTAL BS.   He intentionally left off the "m" for "meter" because it would have helped to give away the answer before the video was over.  He knew that without the correct answer, people wouldn't spot the correct answer and jump to end or stop watching.
Amazing Veritasium.. The larger picture here is the beauty of rational thought.. its not about blaming, pride or criticism.  Its only seeking and seeking with a lot of humility.. hope that is something that people derive from this expt.
I took electric engineering courses in college did not learn this lol
U were right.
So is the switch closing the 0 point of the local field or the battery?  EM is witchcraft to me... so putting the switch closer to the bulb matters? 🤯
Disclosure, I've been drinking.. but while cooking.... we use edie currents for plasma sputtering as an alternative to the errors in plating... with traditional subtractive proceses5
Is it a thought experiment? What happens if the bulb is kept 10m away from the battery.
Can you take this one step further and explain what exactly are in these fields that carry the energy? All descriptions of energy flow NEVER  touch what fields are made of. All of your fantastic work collapses into nothingness when you can't tangible explain what is literally happening in a "field". Please be the first to cross this bridge and answer this question with a realistic answer, not math or  "spacetime fabric" which also means nothing in realistic terms.
Talk complicated, see complicated. Those people got what they wanted.
meh. So it was just a misunderstanding and no scientiffic disagreement.
POV: you come from electrobooms response video about veritasiums first video on speed of electricty .😭😭
7:20  wow! 7:20
God damn Electricity. When u listen the explanation how it actually works, it is hard to follow intuitively.(Or just my intuition that is slow.) Even when u use an analogy, it won't explain the variable in electricity.
This vedio actually relates to "Something Strange Happens When You Trust Quantum Mechanics". Eletric field has explored all the paths. That why the current "know" where to go. It's just amazing to realize all this.
Even in this correction: the claim for the electrons: "it didn't carry the energy from the battery" is still imprecise. The charges on the surface of the wire ARE created by electron displacement relative to the positive ions. While that motion is small and thus can move very fast, the naive idea of the electrons moving the battery electric field to the light bulb is still correct! It is the electrons that "transport" the electric field from the battery to the client and thus they also transport the energy. The electric field they themselves build in form of rapidly moving surface charge takes energy to build and that field + the energy stored within it are transduced by electron motion along the wire (surface)!
thats not true because that would mean turning my light in the house would power the refrigerator, and it doesnt
Love you content!
I’m late to this party. So if I heard him right, about 20% of the expected power was in that “first wave”. Is that a constant or dependant on the distance from the power source or other factors?
Watching this while I do my circuitry homework to motivate myself and convince myself that I enjoy physics <3
Really dumb question here... if the charge is built up on the surface of the wires, how would a hollow wire compare to solid? Does the center density matter for the lattice?
Confusing electric field traveling through a conductive circuit and induction through air just for clicks.  Sigh...
14:21 why do we need wires at all??
Voltage is pressure. Current is what pushes the voltage through. And power (as in watts) is actual work.
Ok so before video, I understood that metal wire has electrons that it likes to share. When a battery is put in the circuit there is voltage that gives the push the circuit needs to have current. I thought it was like a bike chain.  After video, it's not exactly like a bike chain but a shepherd telling sheep to move. The shepherd's command is the electric field, it makes the electrons closest move. The shepherd's command emanates from where the electrons are able to first move. This is where the electric field begins. The electric field doesn't simply propagate through the wire but through space and affects the electrons in the closest wire (This seems sort of like an induction in a transformer!).
Your first video was clear. The critics did click bait
So why does the electric field travel down the wire faster than the electrons?
i thought it was slightly slower than the speed of light in vacuum.....i.e. its not in a vacuum. Also there is an error in his explanation, he says that all the  complex field theory can be simplified to ohmns law etc, but thats not how it was discovered, the simple formulas were formulated first, then complex explanantions came later, so we never simplified these complex theories to get ohmns law, as he suggests. Its easy to say in hindsight maxwells equations can be simplified to ohms law....not correct historically. Probably similar to comparing newtonian formulas to einsteins formulas. His conclusion is a bit off too, he says we use the simple formulas because they are more convenient, well they were discovered first and have been used continuously for a very long time, not because they were convenient but because it was what worked, we didn't know any better for a long time. I think ohm predated maxwell, not by much though ( 30 years or so). That would be an interesting video though on how ohmns law and maxwells equations are related. Better throw fourier into the mix too. Would be a nice mix of history and physics.
Notice the wire line’s arrows “Alternate” as the model expands @ 15:00-15:15.
Then how electricity bills get measured? This would be another interesting topic.
Very very important video, so what we knew does not weather down between common folks.
Even if the circuit is broken and there still can be a voltage on the bulb (for a small amount of time), does that mean that nearby battery+bulb system can also induce a voltage on another nearby bulb?
Great, great vid!
Why other gadgets in the field do not work, only the connectet to the wires?
I’m a little confused.  Nothing I saw was new to me.  I have a B.S.E.E. (and other degrees) but anyone questioning your content (at least the content in this video) should have known (or learned about) transmission lines (which is really what all this is about) before replying.
Curious how this works in the case of what makes an active line dangerous to touch. In this case, the fields are acting on us, but somehow differently from how they would act on us when we are not touching? Is the phrase "electricity moving through" even helpful/accurate?
So the confusion was about the role of induction in circuits? How was that ever a point of confusion?
Ok so it’s like blood cells going through your veins? And the surface charge is like your vein walls yeah?
I'm not saying you made mistakes - I just didn't grasp some of the concepts. I've had electricians with decades of "experience" tell me I was completely wrong about the field around the conductors carrying the energy @#*!?  As is typically the case, I'm thinking that just because some people have been in a field for ever doesn't mean they ever really understood it, they were just able to make use of their misunderstanding of what they were doing.
This kind of discourse and experimental legwork appears to me to be one of the best exemplifications of the scientific method. I love it.
Veritassium
I couldn't even watch the first video past when you said the time was 1/c instead of 1m/c. Glad you cleared that up
May we see the same experiment done with a perfect circle, battery and bulb being at opposite ends of the diameter?
If there’s a God he gotta be stressed as hell 😭🤣
Just waouh
How would things change if the wires were in one huge circle in order that the magnetic field between the wires is negligible?
Alpha Phoenix's channel is also outstanding for real experiments like this! Highly recommended if you havent seen his channel.
Is there any analogy to be made with a wave propagating through water?
Yes we know science is mostly ignorant, manipulating and confusing. That why I am pleased to see, that "climate science" is all settled, wirh no room for furher discussion.... 🤣🤣🤣
So by watching this and applying my imagination I deduce the following  When the switch is flipped, the charges at the switch cause electrons to flow .... this flow then causes a magnetic field, which then helps push the electrons that are still waiting for the charge to take effect but the field is faster .... so they flow due to the field and generate a field in so doing... then this process repeats and repeats.  this form of propagation is identical to that of light. Therefore the same speed of execution.
Hello and thanks for sharing.  1 question please. Considering we are nearby a power plant generating MWatts with voltage in kVolts and current in kAmps, Why are we not burnt by the amount of energy radiating?  E and B fields will be in
I figured out from the first video what was happening, but I had to go back to the Poynting vector diagram and combine that with the tidbit about transmission wires needing enough air gap to avoid arcing to ground. Those circuit simulations make it so much clearer.
You are the Einstein of youtube ,,,I hope you live long
12:27 this makes total sense. The field excites the electrons on the other side of the wire closer to the load before the flow through the wire catches up.
Aether. :)
4:38 This is 100% not a misconception. You're taking a true statement, ie "Energy flows perpendicular to the wire" and adding a bunch of false claims on top of it. In order to prove why this is false, you claim immediately following this that charge density in a wire is uniform. THIS ITSELF is a misconception that is only true for low frequencies and not-long circuits.
Idk how I got interested in material sciences but when I saw the title of one of your vids it flipped a switch like Manchurian Candidate
What would happen if you put a strong electromagnet in between the wire and the LED? Would the timing change?
What about using shielded  (coaxial) conductors of 1 light/second length, how this apply to that 1m distance then?
fields main actors ... ?   without conduction electrons  does the  bulb  lights on ? ...  both fields and conduction electrons ... at the and  newton second law ...
Just awesome....😊
💥💥💥👍😀What I dream of now is a collaboration video with the maximum number of scientific commentators who made a response video to Derek's initial one, who would be presenting alltogether a unique and contributed explanation and experiment presenting the best explanation of electricity circuits, both for DC and AC if that matters. Peace, Science and prosper for all ! ❤💐☮ in those rough times, fighting for good Science for All is a survival act.
Can you insulate the wires in such a way as to prevent the fields from forming outside the insulation, and if yes then will the bulb light?
If you turn the bulb orientation by 90 degree then the side effect of EMF by "air" should be null. And the bulb should wait for the EMF by the wire to arrive to be lighted.
I'm actually getting frustrated with this argument, no-one is defining the parameters for the experiment. You are using specific parameters that don't reflect generality. Why doesn't anyone understand this, I'm only self taught but can't believe the "professionals" can't distinguish the imposing variables..
A+ for the effort.
I want to ask that if the the field is the one that carry the energy, then assuming there are two LED and we are using DC, isnt that the closer one will be "light up" before the one that is farther away in space but stay before the closer one in the "flow of current" in the lump diagram?
This is insane. At UTI we learned that electricity is, and this is straight from a test, “electrons jumping from one atom to another”. Far from it.
If this same experiment can be done with a small Faraday cage around the filament only (inside the glass bulb) would this prove or disprove that its the electric field that is responsible for current lighting the bulb?
Have reviewed these two videos a couple of times. Intrigued by the third disconnecged wire. It would seem to be like America's 120VAC ground wire. Which chases the same route as the Hot and Common wires but carries NO current. You show it does see surface charge. If you touch the ground wire the surface charge does not impact you (assumes no short circuit anywhere).  So what happens when you touch the Hot wire physically? The Electric and Magnetic field reach your body before you contact the Hot wire but NO ill effects, ONLY when you touch the surface charges do you risk electrocution. Is this because air is a  better insulator than dry skin?  You use DC to illustrate your power transfer which is not used to electrocute someone. Does AC change the outcome?
Really nice of you to recommend channels that directly ridiculed you. Big ups from me on that
ALL MY THEORIES WAS RIGHT, but I don't know why I am not a physic or electronic. It's bit scary and I know nothing about it, what push me to learn more. I am swimmer, musician and acoustic, I feel the waves.   Hmm maybe you all look at the ECG and analize it, and USG and Doppler effect and MRI. This is good examples.   I say:   electrocity is goin in 2 ways- all electrics laugh from me, but all waves behave simmilar, but in some conditions you create like water in diferent glasses   electro field is around the circuits and is round, spiral and zero might be tunnel - Maxwell's equasions, because bass wave is it too, but only this frequencies   electrones hits each other and touch in the X direction inside circuit in some moment because +/+ and -/- don't like each other and push back   I have another one: maybe somwhere we can observe quantum entanglement? How lenght, curve of wave and just observation point- crossing 90 degrees, waves interferation:  some frequencies of wave can dissapeared when we stand 2 loudspeakers behind together
Thank you
Electrons ( current ) come from light bulbs  the light bulbs taken from the atmosphere.
There's NO WAY that Georgia tech has nicer scopes
13:19 So it works even if there's a gap in a wire? How big can the gap be? Can the gap be so large that there's no wire at all and only battery and bulb? Does it still work then?
Ok... now i am curious to know what is electric field and magnetic field itself...
so is a person being electrocuted magnetic while the current flows through him?
man, he just rediscovered induction  ... so what! this current is negligible if you do not have a big spoll of wire ..  or big voltage
you sure are smart
Elegant explanation. Clear concise and normal person speak.
This analysis obviously doesn’t apply to shielded biaxial cables which is the standard for signal transmission over a few metres. There must be something missing in the physics here
Derek got it right, but the inaccuracy remains. The induced current will indeed flow through the bulb, but the full power will only be achieved when the electric field in the entire circuit is established, i.e. when it spreads throughout the entire circuit. So the trick is in what is the moment when the bulb starts to light? Honestly, it is the moment when the power begins to be transmitted completely, and not when the tiny induced current begins to flow in the bulb.
More of this kinda YouTube beef over whatever the other dramas are please.... 🥹
The electron repulsion in a metal is strongly screened, meaning that an electron travelling along at a certain speed will not repel an electron 100 atomic radii away. In many cases, it will even attract that electron due to weak phonon exchange (this weak attraction gives superconductivity, and essentially all ordinary metals become superconducting at some low enough temperature).
Ah yes, another thrilling duel between the High Priests of Field Theory and the Faithful Clergy of the Lumped-Element Model. Gentlemen, may I humbly offer this:  "When the sage points at the moon, the fool fixates on the finger."  The lumped model isn’t the moon — it’s a finger. Field theory? Also, a finger. One’s manicured, the other’s got Maxwell’s initials tattooed on the knuckle. But neither is the actual behavior of electrons dancing through spacetime like caffeinated ghosts.  So maybe, just maybe… instead of yelling, “You’re wrong!” across the voltage void, we could all just acknowledge that both models serve different purposes and that building radios doesn’t require solving partial differential equations with blood sacrifices.  Namaste, and pass the oscilloscope. 🌀📡✨
Ah, yes, but can your Maxwellian exactitude build me a regenerative receiver in under an hour?
So, if you put a light bulb in the middle of the parallel wire that is not attached to anything, would it light up?
I mean...the guy is a PHD Physicist.  I would have just asked a question or 2 for clarity. Other than views what does saying he is wrong do?? When I don't like a book...I just stop reading it. I do not go on a this book sucks campaign. Unless it was a text book. I might then
Semi-retired BSEE & MSEE here.  Honestly, I never thought of circuits this way.  If it was covered in my Electromagnetics course, I don't remember it.
Your save the world by telling the truth about electricity⚡🔌
This video seems like a great ad for its sponsor, because I feel that I'll need to do a few Brilliant courses in electricity before I'll understand some of the explanations in the video.
How are the fields created?
మీరు నా పిల్లలకి మానవత్వం తో   హెల్ప్ చేసింటే చాలు కాని to govt. NO
I loved this follow up.
Why can't we make loops of wires so the length of wire multiplies in huge length? I have some degree of clarification but I'll appreciate your guidance. Thanks a lot for explaining and breaking conventional models in great detail.
The truth is nobody knows exactly.
Why not measure the speed of light instead of assuming it. Just add a couple of photocells, more scope probes and a mirror.
You have comviced me now. You just need to understand that the main animation of the previous video about the propagation of the poynting vector isn't accurate, as you show in the simulation 14:43. Which is the correct animation.
So, I think I understand the basic concept: in a circuit, electrons move along a EM field which is formed from an imbalance of electrons via a power source (a battery or engine or the like, it's specific nature doesn't matter for this explanation) and the medium of the circuit (a conductor is going to produce a stronger EM field then a insulator.) Energy is carried through the field waves rather then the electrons which only propagate and are moved by the field however the actual movement of the electron is quite low. Naturally, there's a limitation of the speed of light, energy can't move faster then it but the experiment shows that limitation is based off the distance of the points relative to the field rather then the wires (which would mean the original thought experiment ignores the resistance of air but for our purposes, it would be negligible but *was* a question that had to be answered in the real world example of the transatlantic telegraph even though that the was the conductivity of the iron coating rather then the insularity of air.)
I love your experimentation on this particular saga, that's what it's becoming. I'm still having trouble convincing people I work with that it's not flowing anywhere, it's a field 😅 I get either the "OK loony" look and they move on, or the "of course it's flowing, go flow to work"
curiosity is important
Yes, you are correct, the fields are responsible to carry the energy.  That's why you have a limit to transmit High Power to Transmission Lines, according to its dimensions and geometry for a correct field distribution.  The same happens in Computer Mother Boards. They have a limit in terms of frequency, because length, format and material substrate specs. You cannot go over a certain limit because the board will radiate as an antenna...
You are saying electrons don't transfer energy and at the same time you say they transfer kinetic energy to portons to light up the bulb. These are 2 contradictory statements. What I know is that energy can be in form heat, radiation, kinetic energy and so on.  So the electrons are actually transferring energy to make electricity no matter what they are getting from. So I can conclude that without electrons there would be no electricity.
Wow. Nice job. Thanks. I have never thought that deeply about electrical circuits.
What I don't like about all of this is that it is essentially trick question. Because the language used to set up a trick question exploits the meaning that language has in certain fields, people from these fields are going to feel like their field and knowledge are being misused to bolster the narrative of the trickery. You can say "ideal" and "any amount of current" all you like, but "turning on a lightbulb" is just such a bs way of setting up the condition that should really have been referred to as "detecting a signal". I also don't like that you are quite liberal about what you consider ideal. The wires have no resistance, ok. But the surfaces of the conductors can still form capacitors... When you say "ideal" in the electrical industry, it really means "ideal". Semiconductors with no voltage drops, transition times of 0 seconds, no permeability, no capacitance. You have said nothing wrong and can take all the narrative freedoms you like. But don't act surprised or professionally offended like you did not use all of these tricks on purpose. Someone made a video about clickbait being unreasonably effective... But I get it: It would have been a really short video if we quickly got to the point that electricity is a field phenomenon and antennas, inductive and capacitive coupling are totally things.
Personally the reason there was such a response questioning your initial hypothesis is because of the simplifications we just take so for granted we forget they exist. I'm glad you responded with such a thorough response. This stuff isn't easy to understand and is even harder to visualize.
Yeah, Great!  Years and years of being taught B.S. in the pathetic Education Departments throught the U.S., and NO HONEST SCIENTISTS ANYWHERE!.. Not Fauci, etc. Etc..  And thankfully the Theory of Evolution has finally been recognized as Incomplete and Incorrect, thanks to the Current Scientific Community.  😊
That's great, now tell us how wireless earphones work?????
The ENTIRE reason why I didn't pick 1/c seconds is because your units were foobared.
Welcome to another episode of "Derek must be right"
Also why fluorescent tubes light up when brought close to a closed circuit with current flowing through, even when the tube is not plugged in
Mad respect for him
I love this channel man, I wish this video was around when I was in school
I think this could be explained more simply by saying, as soon as current flows in the switch containing wire, it induces a current in the bulb containing wire due to capacitance. Correct me if i am wrong.
And this boys and gals, is how you defend your stance on anything: ACTUAL EVIDENCE. Not bravado and screaming.
Might i say that is just a quirky nuance created for the video. The electric field adds itself at the speed of light in the wire, and inlf the circuit is not complete fields from both ends will not produce an equipotential surface which is the wire for current to flow. Current should start to flow even when the positive side is connected as electrons will be attracted. And was it that 1m that made this explanation possible as the electric field will be symmetrical through the wire not in 3d due to the fact that charges and battery are much smaller in magnitude than the space around. And fields also dissolve so as length of the wire increases the effect should get diminished, considering considerably long wires. The poynting vector should point everywhere as energy dissipation occurs, and the photons created due to accelerating charges are proof that electrons are the work doers due to the fields obviously.
Wire is used so that electricity can be metered and billed ... Its the reason why JP Morgan refuse to invest in Mr. Tesla's research on wireless system using induction to provide electrical energy to cities.  JP Morgan wanted return on investment but have zero interest in empowering the world.  Also Scientists and Engineers are 2 very distinct fields. Engineer only need to know enough science to apply them in real world problems. Scientists investigated the truth behind phenomenon and get deep into the details of the subject.
This is fake and ghey.
Strange Youtube! Why did it delete my comment? It was an important question. I write it again: 11:23 How did you get the electric field vectors?
This is how I was taught in my electrical engineering classes in college, so not sure why so many were confused.
This is how blood flow works in our body, our blood vessels have a negative charge from a layer called exclusion zone water or EZ WATER that reacts with the negative charge in our blood, propelling/pushing it along.. giving our blood movement. Has anyone else heard of this? Curious to hear thoughts?
This theory doesn’t work well for millions of FET semiconductors compacted on a tiny wafer.
How resistor works ?
That's genius. Now how do  you explain this
so if the switch is on the left and the light is on the right instead separated by 600,000 km then in theory it would take the light slightly less than 2 seconds to light up?
I mean cool and all but that aint operating power levels
How do you deal with the fields prior to use or measurement?
If electrons are barely moving, how do we "store" them in battery storage systems and why would the battery decay over use?
Wow! Great information.  Superb delivery! It is a non-enclosing waveguide which directs the electric field to the load.
in 10:40 you went way to fast over why the electric field is 0 in the wires? everything you said leading up was like its charged n stuff
0:34  naughty Mr Veritidium
It is not what the author said in the first video. He specifically said that the bulb is powered by the battery directly and not through the wires. And that is completely wrong. In this video, one can easily see that the induction from one side of the wire to the other side of the same wire is allowing a much faster propagation. But, that is not completely true. There is a minimum current necessary to perform such an induction. And, if we speak about the induction, the induction is from one half of the wire to the other and not from battery to the light bulb.  1/c is the correct answer, but the explanations are misleading or incorrect. The lower the current, the less you will see the effect. That is why one cannot turn on all the lights at home once one circuit is closed. The combined insulation of the material and air around the wires do not allow the field to be propagated.  Also, using half truths to draw a wrong conclusion does not make the author to be right about the conclusion. In this case, Veritasium lost the battle.
Not convinced.  You made a transmitter and receiver at first.  So the first 30 nano seconds the current seen is from a radio transmitting to the atenna.
Guys, Don't just debate on everything being confident, did you even forgot that electrons are instantenous quantum mechanical particles with wave nature and speed close to light, which are hard to completely track or control,you can't just propel a particle that can be anywhere at any time, neither classical physics is a good explanation nor it's a topic to debate on at this era of revolution of quantum science!!!🤨🤨🤨😠
Im watching this while at college for an electritions licence
(Comments from a top scorer on science student )you are one of few people who has a real character of and are scientist!, complaints are good way to correct your misclarifications, but some of the arguer youtubers are just acting and explaining nonsense without a clear base as a dog barking on the wrong tree, so keep it up❤❤❤❤❤
...it's all FM.....F#@kin Magic...
i love the comic way you and electroboom videos played at each other , awesome content And i think you're both brilliant at what you do
I think I got most of that, but why does a battery - left in its packet for a few years - lose power (voltage)?  Where has it gone?  A 9v battery left for a few years drops to 7v.  Where has the potential 2v gone?
There are many things we will never comprehend in the materialist, scientism, empiricism, godless worldview.  Electricity. Light. Sound. Water. We know next to nothing!  We only recently discovered electricity. Only more recently noticed light is particle AND wave. Even more recently that blasting water with sound frequencies produces light.  1000 years later and Einstein is a fool.
Bro. I am an electrician. If the circuit is open somewhere, then the lamps, the sockets, the fans, connected in that circuit just don't work, okay? If you are mathematically right or wrong, I won't comment about that because I am bad at maths. And I have a hard time grasping this level of physics. What I do understand is what I see and experienced in the real life. And it is misleading, because there are a lot of new electricians that will come across with your video. You don't want a new generation of electricians trying to power your house with your theory, don't you?
Bro invite me to your house I wanna learn but I’m in a poor country and broke 🙏🏾
How does your explanation change if you arrange the long wire into a circle rather than a parallel pair? That is, remove the transmission line characteristic from the circuit. I don't see how an instantaneous charge can appear at the bulb under these conditions. Thanks, John
It's kind of like the mass effect, but it's the charge effect...
That was highly informative and enjoyable! Good job.
When you have something like a CPU, where conductors are only a few atoms apart, how do all of these electric fields not interfere with one another?
Fantastic work, thank you, but it does leave me puzzled. I am by no means an electrician but I am curious to understand how this applies to transistors.
I mean yeah, there's a reason you can steal 2kV on ground level out of a 220kV by setting up a receiving circuit below it.
In the realm of current flow, how does this square with the avalanche effect of a transistor?
This is Why the ground is run between the positive and negative in your wires. To keep it all consistently concentrated .  It comes from the ground.
after watching your last videos on the principle of least action, i wonder if it can be applied to explain this phenomenon
So, ignoring any of the potential material issues we might have, if I were to stretch a garden hose to mars, completely fill the hose with water, connect it to a pump on earth and obviously this pump had no problem overcoming any pressure differential or head loss due to friction, would I be right or wrong to assume water would begin pouring out of the end on mars immediately?
I work with some of these  'leakage' dorks and they provide more resistance than progression by deliberately focusing on the 'nuances' over the big picture
Did varitasium remove the video that starts the debate?
If i understand this correctly, then how fast the light turns on depends less on how much wire, and more on distance from the source.   So, place the bulb closest to the largest source of fields. Then just turn the field on.
Then why does the battery die
if they dont have to be connected will other wire get a voltage in say a small circuit board, when said wire int supposed to have voltage?
I believe many experts got confused because the question and your claim was very much set up like a “trick question”.  It would’ve been good to state in the question itself that parasitic capacitance and inductance from the wire shall be considered. And the answer should’ve been written as (1 m)/c . Because that definitely confused me at first and probably is what confused everybody else.
Read "The Invisible Rainbow". It's killing ya.
Another way to think of this is that the electrical characteristics of a circuit exist in the now (no time needs to elapse for a circuit to manifest these ever present characteristics).  The actual time lapse is the building up of the electromagnetic field between the source and the load that are separated by only one meter of air.  Air is also part of the circuit's electrical characteristics, except it can be represented by trillions of shunt/parallel circuits that are characterized by extremely high impedance (and increasingly greater impedance as each path is further and further distanced from the source and the load).  Nevertheless, when trillions of high-impedance parallel circuits are combined, they can mathematically be represented as a single circuit in which the voltage source is merely one meter away from the load.  Hence, nearly an instantaneous response time (but still not instantaneous because the field must build and there is much resistance to this happening).
if electron flows from Negative terminal of the Battery,how it works for Collector Bias Transistor which has 3pins(collector,Emitter,Base)
Wow
11m people have viewed this and I guess about 11 people in the world actually understand how electricity works - or so they think…
Awesome job thanks.
Found your channel 2 months ago, have been slowly watching your entire catalog, fantastic content 🤘🏼
A 25 minute video that didn't need to be made if somebody was able to admit they were wrong.
I see what you did there with ENM 😂😂😂
The answer is 2/light seconds
One of the reasons why i chose mechanical engineering 😂
Thanks for the clarifications.
What implications does this have for the electrically signalled animal brain, and consciousness?
I have a question: why am I not electrocuted by these fields? Is there something I missed?
The first video was great! The content for this channel is made for people like me who have no knowledge whatsoever. All the complaints were from “people who know” criticizing someone who teaches a complex idea  to people who don’t. That means leaving some info out.
I’ve been trying to find an explanation for electricity that I actually understand that isn’t completely basic or leaves out the important things I’m looking for. I’m so glad I finally found this video 2 years later 😭
14:20 Actually, every 'wireless' charger does have a long winding wire. They are just hidden. Without wires, they wouldn't be able to send or receive a charge.... or at least wouldn't be able to do it well. There may be a true wireless possibility that I don't know of.
21:19 to 21:27 "the main actors are actually the fields, they are what carry the energy". I think this highlights the crux of why so many people still find this content misleading.  Focusing on the fields ignores the obvious next step or question of "what creates the fields?".  To his credit, he does pursue this reasoning in the beginning of the video (2:35 to 7:30), but he still tries to separate charge and field even though they are fundamentally intertwined.  This will always lead to funny statements and contradictions galore.  Misconception 1 (2:38): "electrons carry energy from battery to bulb". Him at 7:20 "the battery is putting energy into the field, which electrons take out and transfer to the load". 14:12 to 14:16 "energy is carried by fields not electrons"...
Own those frauds
IS HE ELONMUSK?
Thought that was too fast!
Lol, the top comments are a face palm. This man gracefully defended the allegations that he was incorrect and without stepping on toes; light-years ahead of me. He never made a mistake, he built a working model to back up his claim; the scientific way. The mistake the critics made was to assume locality was broken by piggybacking on the very assumption the first video was meant to break: that the energy was in the wire. And for that he apologizes 😂
You kicked their balls ;) gg wp. That Indian crappy electric enginer with staged Sparks :D what a lame poser
I am just a high school student. I had a basic understanding of what electricity was before watching this video. Now, I don't know  I have no idea. Your video was insightful. However, right now I am in state of complete confusion. could you create a new video explaining these concepts for a kid like me. I don't want to memorize this stuff or have common misconception you have mentioned in this video.
Capacitance & induction fields  would only be set up once if using DC, since there is only one increase in power.  Obviously, say using 60hz, this would happen 120 times a second
Got it. I didn't fully understand the previous video, for me the "aha" was when you clarified the answer to be 1m/c, not 1/c lol
more please
a happy mistake and solution
Great. A question i asked really hundreds of people is finally answered. It took 30 years.....  Water isnt a good way to explain it....... The reason many will never understand electricity.....
10:53 I have no idea what's going on
Light bulbs are plinko machines. XD
Leave that up for me I need a full wave 10M dipole to play some radio :)
You strawmaned the critics... not one of which as far as I know said electrons were getting pushed through the wires.
I love you Derek Veritasium, I shouldve studied electrical engineering
Best video ever
This is what happens in an institution where everyone gets a degree 😂even the guy/girl who gets a D and knows almost nothing 😂
After watching the first video (as someone who understands nothing about electrical engineering) I thought "huh, that's neat" And then I watched this video (which was made in response to a bunch of other videos made in response to the first video) and I got waaaaaay more information (a lot of which I don't pretend to understand but I trust that the complex math and stuff is correct) and now I feel I have an EVEN BETTER understanding (conceptually) of what happens when I flick a lightswitch. THIS IS SCIENCE IN ACTION (hypothesis, question, debate, experimentation) AND IT IS SO COOL!
Electro….pufff…. Boooo m… eh hes a respectable chap…. Albeit, he “resists” ALL claims, and thats something to look sown upon, i stopped following him a while ago for not fully understanding electricity in a sense that is absolute. Even tho this explanation is sub par, veratasium, as snowflake as he is, he out does everyone else that is mainstream! And all on the net, aside from 3 particular “influencers” (as ghey as that sounds) 2 of which are BANNED from yt, many many years ago, and all 3 now have tiny patriot esc presences…. Its a shame jewry brainwashes the plebs (more than likely YOU who is reading this) so drastically, you fall for all this drama…. Stop being closed minded u sheeeeeeeeeps bahhhhhh
I posted a comment on the previous video, You people are way too smart. We were taught using electron flow To understand the concentration and distribution effects of those electrons, when welding the use of AC and DC welders, Are ways of controlling electron flow to control heat input, I see it may be over simplified, But it works for instructional purposes. It is easier to comprehend a physical flow of a particle creating a friction that is generating heat than trying to understand the effects of a magnetic field melting metal. Again you people are way too smart, full respect.
Can we all just admit magnetism is some kind of sorcery that we don’t fully understand yet.
bro my brain actually hurts, im not even kidding man omg
So, because the battery and bulb are close together, the electric field spreads out and excites the electrons and produces a light in the bulb that is above leakage BEFORE the field moves around the wire and powers the bulb with a full excitation, but the electrons are not flowing, they are merely excited by the field? Then surely 1m/c s is only for the partial excitation and the full excitation would take longer?
No one will probably read this comment but….  I’m amazed at how clearly I see SAAD in this… Spooky Action At a Distance, quantum entanglement…. And also somehow my weird mind detects a pattern at play that validates the probability of something such a soul existing.  What is electricity if not the highest power and it’s  inarguably what animates us humans… There is a word for “what moves something” that I think fits perfectly into this idea, that word being:“spirit”…  I know it always sounds crazy when anyone speaks (or texts on social media) about any thing “supernatural” or something such as a soul… But it’s not supernatural or it is only in the sense of it being superior nature….  I’m just curious if anyone else sees this stuff similarly…  it’s ok if they don’t, It’s ok if it’s just me.  But according to quantum entanglement theory…  If I’m tapping “send” without really caring…  My SAAD friend out there somewhere is angry & swearing.  Furious no one is curious…. Where there’s patterns there should also be attention,  Seems some skulls are just impervious, so they ignore the information…. Perhaps people  who don’t data collect are kinda just dumb… So they can’t contribute anything to the conversation… For which this comment aims to be an initiation… recognizing we’re residing in a fractal continuum!
As an electrician of forty years I can attest to the ‘fields’ that wires produce when energized. Think of inuct
Need drama lol
I'm free after a long day, my field of study is not really related to electricity... what am I doing XD
Тікток варто заборонити щоб не зловити «румунські виборчі вайби».  Тікток - як кібер-циганка на речовому ринку, геній соціальної інженерії 😊 Ти можеш думати, що ці приколи на тобі не працюють, але потім стараєшся зрозуміти, куди подівся годинник з руки і гаманець з кишені 😅
The equipment you are using is calibrated using approximations in its field theory modeling like most electrical equipment and yet you are taking the output of the equipment as logical proof of your theories. And that is just the begining in your catalogue of errors.
"A Super Conductive Transmission Line"...  NERDS
They know what you are claiming... arguing with this channel makes them just more money...
This is just the difference between conductive energy transfer and Capacitive interference. the electric field around the wires interract to create an energy transfer getween the wires throught air/vacuum. The em field is being broadcast from one wire to the other, while the conductive component has to follow the wire. a lot of the explanations in this i feel like they are over simplified. especially because the E field and the potential distribution are shown in an electrostatic field, but the formation of a current of charge carriers is a dynamic process. If the proposition that electrons dont move, would be correct. the Electrochemistry of batteries, fuel cells, or even vacuum tubes could not exist.
Right, so it's magic. An example of the magic of the cosmos.
What if it's a Superconductor? And in different temperatures? Will it be faster or slower to light the lightbulb? They repel external magnetic fields in a certain temperature, will that work for the experiment?
After this elaborate video response I’m more confused about how electricity works. Albert Einstein once said: If you can't explain it to a six-year-old, you don't understand it yourself.
So why do you only get an electric shock when you touch a wire?
Leave Maxwell alone :°(
Novice here. Is this also how an electricians pin detector makes sound and light.when it detects current in the lines.
This is like common core for electricity.
Very conceptual,good one! Hope for more
I feel like anyone who says derek is wrong is just setting themselves up, and dont get me wrong, we should question whether its the right answer or not, but if he ended up posting it? Odds are, he did enough research to know what he can/cant claim.
The thing is that the batery is close at the lamp. 1meter. How does it works when its kilometers away ?
Good so far but now I want to see a light come on in a nearby but unconnected wire.
Dude went to bat against the whole of youtuber EE's and won. Holy gigachad
"this is not an engineering question about how best to wire up a light bulb in your bedroom" shots fired!
A car doesn't run on fuel but on  heat. Doesn't mean fuel is not necessary. Fields don't appear out of thin air. It's the relative movement of electrons to surroundings that creates the field. Electromagnetic fields are 'usually' created by movement.
He’s literally on that ladder like doc brown
The quick signal is what electrical engineers call crosstalk, when the current in part of a circuit causes current in other parts of the circuit. :-)
7:30 an electrical engineer named Ben Watson!!! Lmao. Sometimes I swear its the tiniest thing that makes me believe that we're in a simulation. even though it only works with him and the rest of his family its pointless.
If you look at the definition of Poynting Theorem, the Poynting Vector is partially contributing to the power dissipation. The whole theorem says that "total Power dissipation equals the sum of Poynting Vector plus J•E"  It literally says that the energy carried by the Poynting Vector is as important as the conducted electric energy.
Electron travels light speeeds..😊😊
What video is that from with Rick Hartley? I couldn’t find it for some reason
So if the switch and the bulb are placed in the same set-up as far as possible? Then it will give the same result because this charge development is instantaneous. If it were slow then it would have lit up after some interval.
Welcome to this scientific Chanel, electricity works as follows: the battery is like a Sheppard, the electromagnetic field is like the holy trinity, and the electrons are like baby Jesuses, cos he loves you 💀💀💀💀💀
i guess you were called out LOL
Lol... Now... put a diode in the circuit against the flow at the furthest distance from the load.  👹  Explain how a vacuum tube diode works without tripping over an electron jumping from the cathode to the anode...😂  And...take an insulated wire and lay it across your transmission wire.  Why didn't the "field" take the shortcut around the insulation?
Electron is negative, neucleaus is positive why does the electron baounce back?
i only have a question, if the wave gets to the electrons before the eletric field inside the wire and, how do the elctrons "know" wich way to go, because before the battery was connected, the charge was all the same along the wire
Many years ago when I was little, about 7 or 8 years old, I remember that in the middle of a big electrical storm the light bulb in the house turned on for about two seconds with a lower light intensity than what is normally seen when you turn on the light, It was something stronger than a candle, enough to illuminate the entire room for about two or three seconds, I saw the light bulb directly when it turned on, it wasn't any outside light, there was no electricity so I related it to the storm, it was shocking to me all over the stage, thunder, darkness, etc. My grandmother's house is facing the sea and the thunderstorms are very strong. I suppose that the magnetic field of the storm caused an electric current to be generated through the cables of the house that could be seen when passing through the spotlight. Will that be correct?
Without mistakes we wouldn't learn anymore.
Incredible explanation.
I love this topic
Loved this, but now I am left curious about how the fields work between the multitude of power plants and the devices in our homes.
This is all explained in the first few chapters of William Shockley's inimitable "Electrons and Holes in Semiconductors" - if you want it straight from the horse's mouth, as it were.  Including the original drift and diffusion equations for holes and electrons.
I'm just watching without understanding 😅
Wow this was like learning the Earth orbits the Sun kind of moment for me, thanks and great video!
Thank you for for BOTH videos.  My background has nothing to do with STEN, so it's still largely over my head.  I've tried to learn about electricity before, and had no luck.  Your stuff is the first I've seen that can penetrate my thick skull.  I will need to go through it more times, but am very grateful for showing the way.  .
Not disputing the results, but curious: so basically the circuit is just a pair of antenas (emitting at the switch, receiving at the lamp), working just like they do in a transformer. Fair enough. But we know that antennas have different efficiency just because of geometry (even with good conducting material), so there should be a way to build a very BAD antenna at the lamp, delaying the lighning. Coils (lots of) would do the trick, I guess. There may be other funny ways.
Electricity doesnt flow in wires? Cut all the wires, it works?
Very awesome video... I love learning things so thank you very much for working out my mind.... Only thing I am curious about is why you conducted your experiment on a ladder stop of the wood structure that high up off the ground and why not just make it 4' to 5' feet tall where you can take your measurements while standing with both feet on the ground?? Maybe there's something I overlooked that calls for the lines to be run at that high of an elevation but I haven't understood why if there is any....
Sooooo if it’s all about The electric field, why not full power in the bulb at 1m/c time?
"I apologize for the casual use of units", you realize you're cherry picking on others for the slightest disagreement related to your statement? You're having an attitude while acting a hypocrite
I feel like we still need a better understanding of fields though.
Watching this two years later, and at first when I turned on the video I could only see a little bit of the video, but nanoseconds later, I noticed the full video unfold. Surprisingly, it still took about 24 minutes for the video to fully transfer to the load (my head, and yes it is quite a heavy load).
An electron carries an electric field in it's static (immobile or not moving) state. When the electrons in it' mobile (moving state) the electric fields around it interacts with or oppressed by the other electric  fields of same or opposite charged particles,so there is a change electric field,which induces magnetic field and thus by creating Electro magnetic field. And it's this electro magnetic field which attracts & repels charged particles  The electric field lines or the electo magnetic field created due to it's interaction or change in the electric field acts as the string force between charged particles (P & E)  The electro magnetic fields formed between particles of same charge acts as a string expanded or stretched force,which causes the particles to repel each other in opposite direction with equal force.This is the string expansion force of electro magnetic field between same charged particles (Repulsive force of electro magnetism)   The electro magnetic fields formed between particles of opposite charges acts as the string shrinked or contracted,which causes particles to attract each other towards one direction (Electron to Proton)This is the string contraction force of Electro magnetic field between opposite charged particles (Attractive force of electro magnetism)
Nikola Tesla demonstrated that you don't need wires to transmit electrical energy 100 years ago, and looked way cooler doing so.
The fact that you said that circuits can still work if the wires were not connected at a certain point maybe can be possible for alternating current, but batteries can only handle direct current, and not entirely efficient, as it has a voltage of 1.5 volts. Direct currents can only go one-way, so the whole circuit would stop as when colliding into the metal ions, the electrons need to round back to the electric field around the battery to pick up the energy, so the light would be able to consistently turn on without an interference. Please duly notice this as an adjustment.  No offence, sorry if i offended you😢
Cool video, so would putting some form of insulating sheet between the battery and bulb prevent the flow of energy? Also is the time still 1/c or does the way energy travels in fields (sort of loops) mean is it ever so slightly different?
Then how in a wiring harness. Say in a car. How does the correct information get to the right place. Nowadays cars have dozens of conputers. So how is the right info getting to the right place if there are 20 to 50 wires right next to eatherother. Hell even in a normal computer.
And the heart is not a pump and for this, even you can prove it, people ban, expel, curse you to the point you start realizing its not worth the effort and allow dummies to be dummies. Good job!
This comment is years after the original, but I don't think it will ever be unimportant to elevate and applaud thoughtful clarifications, corrections, and apologies in scientific theory and experimentation.  I enjoy Veritasium because they make good videos.  I respect them because they are thoughtful about scientific communication.
Tesla
11:24 , how can electric field radiate (since formed due to static distribution of the charges). I guess, its the EM radiation formed due to generation of magnetic field due to flowing current combined with the existing Electric field. I still don't get how this energy propagation happens in the direction of the bulb. But loved the simulation and the concepts you brought. Big Fan.
But the electrons dont actually flow through the battery. They flow from one plate of the battery to other, one has higher charge density and other hasn't. Its not a valve through which electrons flow, they go from higher charge density to lower charge density like osmosis.
That wasnt a mistake. Thats a happy accident!
Derek.... arent you an egyptian pyramid guy? Like about drill cores and stuff??? What are you BRO!?
Just like Odin said to Thor, the hammer was never the source of your power, it was to control it. The wire is not there to conduct, it was there to guide it. Understood.
So are you telling me that every wire that’s in my house that’s used to light something has a magnetic field to it?
I love this video even though I understand mildly what is said in there...
Respect
Derek, thank you so much for helping to make science cool again 🙌
This is quite literally, how quantum mechanics is applying to processors in quantum computers. Instead of the light being on or off, 1 or 0. They are measuring the vectors of the fields in the circuit of the transistor in the processor. It's why they need to be so cold, the signals are so weak heat would just read as 1.
Thats really new for me, thx I learned today a lot.
I cant say what l will believe the magnetic thig around the wire or the electrons moving  The electron makes more sense  to me l am in 8 grafe luckily we have rn phycis about electry hopefully my teacher will tell me the right answer😅
I didn't understand nothing
If that field powers the light bulb and not the electricity from the wire itself, then how come I can have 2 lights in the same room with 2 light switches and only 1 light on?   Why isn’t the electric field created  by 1 light switch turning both lights on?
Thank you for the great video, questions like these are fun to think about.  Though the basic idea that the energy is transported by the electromagnetic field is correct, I think you missed some crucial points that I will outline in the following.    In order that a noteable current flows through the bulb, the two lightseconds long conducting wires should have a zero or negligible resistance. Thus, the wire material consists of a perfect conductor and the electrical field within the conductor vanishes. This doesn't imply that there is no current or electron motion since an electric field is only required to accalerate the electrons, or rather to compensate the friction by the lattice wich is usually called resistance. Thus, the electrons in the wire can move at a constant drift-velocity which causes the current. This is neccesary, than without a current there is no magnetic field and hence no energy transport, neither by the electrons themselves, nor by the eletromagnetic field as described by the Poynting-vector.  At the moment the switch is closed, the conducting wires get charged. The part connected to the plus-pole of the battery is positively charged, the part connected to the minus-pole is negatively charged. Because the wires are perfect conducting, the charges are localized at the surface of the wires, the inside of the wires is electrically neutral. In reality, it will take a finite time for the charges to reach the bulb. Neglecting retardation effects (which is of course not correct), the time it takes can be estimated from simple electrodynamics. Assigning a capacity of $C$ to the bulb and a resistancy $R$ to the wires, the potential over the bulb as a function over time is given by $U\left(t\right)=U_0\left(1-e^{-\frac{t}{RC}}\right)=U_0$ where $U_0$ is the voltage of the battery and the latter equation holds for a perfect conductor with $R=0 \ \Omega$. Hence, for a perfect conductor this will not be the limiting factor, instead, it is the speed of light in the wires.  Once the charges have reached the bulb, the charge distributions along the two conducting wires are homogeneous, there is no charge gradient. The surface charges induce an electrical field outside the wires that points radially into the negatively charged wire, and radially out of the positively charged wire. At the same time, the constant drift of the electrons, i.e. the current, induces a magnetic field circling the wires. As a result, along both conducting wires, the Poynting vector points from the battery to the bulb. This is a result also obtained in the video, although the radial electric fields around the wires are not considered at all in the video.  As stated in the video, the energy transport can be interpreted via the Poynting vector. However, since both the electric and magnetic field decrease like $1/r$ where $r$ is the distance to the wire, the bulk part of energy transport is guided by the conductors and takes the lightsecond-long path. The energy portion transported directly through the air or vacuum is way smaller and most likely too weak to make the bulb emitting light.  Hence, I think it takes at least one second for the bulb to emit. Eventually longer because the charge distribution within the wires most likely spreads with the speed of light in copper. At the end, it is this speed that determines the delay time. As long as these charges didn't reach the bulb, there were no electrical field at the position of the bulb and hence no energy arrival by the Poynting vector.  From this point of view, it is a matter of taste wether you prefer the picture of energy transport via the Poynting vector or by electrons pushing eachother...
It called the Veritasium and has the value of Coulomb squared by infinity to the power of Avagadro’s number divided by the molar equivalent of the square of the area of the field induced.
Is he trying to say something that has never been taught? Has he come up with a position that is new and should be given a capital in front of the amount as Ampere or Hurtz
Everyone comes up with an appropriate approximate analogy,his example is the same an approximate analogy because it is an analogy and not a complete last word on what is going on .
Bloody hell! If you put the light closer to the battery it would glow brighter if you used less wire as well.The length of wire has an effect on the current and voltage from the bloody battery!This is all petty many forces are involved in this transfer of energy not just one postulated position.
The misconceptions come from thinking that it is a definitely prescribed fact that what happens in the atom and its components is completely known to people.The technology and devices man has developed work not because we know at an atomic level but as smart humans have by trial and error made them do what we need at the moment and for our current ( not a pun but could be) within our ability.Why he can come up with a nuance of of description is because it is yet to be fully accepted that humans know all,hence there is controversy.There will always be smarter people for us to learn from.All those who say this is the absolute truth should be questioned.
If his reasoning were true electricians would not have calculations for the length of of cables causing resistance and voltage drops.! The guy is not even at trade school electrician qualification level.Imagine if he tried to pass a trades question asking for resistance and voltage drop in a cable that long.?Failed the question as he holds a view that it has no effect on the wire!
SO I have a question and if someone can answer it I think I'll have a solid grasp of this now. When you explained that causality is not violated because the circuit doesn't have to be complete to light up the bulb are you implying that a light on the empty line would briefly turn on before it propogated to the ends of the line and returned? So DC does emit electric waves, but it can't be used for wireless power because it would make 1 change, and then even out thus only briefly turning on the light, but AC would switch back and forth causing the empty line to be constantly searching for equilibrium? Also I think you're saying not ALL of the energy has to travel directly to the lightbulb at the speed of 1m/c, but that SOME energy will travel there transiently, and then the rest of the energy is following the field around the surface of the wire? So Wires are just about effeciently getting power to the load. So it would still take the distance of wire / speed of light to get the full amount of power? Please please someone who understands answer this.
Respect, nice final conclusion. Problem description could've been better :P Thanks for the video. ps: In terms of results I trust u more than a guy who repeatedly electrocutes himself
This is BRILLIANT!!! Thank you Veritasium for producing this follow up video on the subject of power transmission in circuits. David Knight once said that the classical model of what we were all taught about current flow and electron movement was essentially one of the "lies we tell our children", because it's far easier to explain how electron flow and current are like water flowing through a pipe instead of the complication of explaining E and H fields.. This video clarifies a whole lot of misconceptions around the subject.
This video is really dumb.
So... to use your/this psudo-theory (rationalization), 3 way switches in homes keep the lights on even when the circuit is broken... Even though practical testing in every home with them, every day, repeatedly, Proves otherwise.  I want some of what your tripping on... probably makes LSD seem like Ginger Beer.  This "theory" has the same stench of all those New Wonder Theories from Theoretical Physicists used to prove (to themselves) How Smart they are, just to be proven wrong. That's a Looooooong list. The latest is DARK matter/energy being in the process of getting debunked.  All of those Simulations/modeling use Flawed Man Made Mathematics, enhanced with Assumptions, and are proven in the long run to be about as accurate as Weather Simulations/modeling, which have been around much longer, tweaked and re-tweaked ad nausium, and still don't agree with each other.   If YOU want to Believe in this, Be My Guest! There IS a Sucker born every minute. 🍺🍻
Ham radio operators have known and used this for years. Transmission line and antenna theory are dependent on this model.
The other electrical engineers will only do electrical engineer stuff Derek is the guy that will show you how to make 0 point energy someday while everybody else is saying that's negligible
I am dumber and smarter after watching this.
So Tesla was right over 100 years ago 😂😂😂👏👏
Ah so induction
He didn't show where the lightbulb explodes 1 second after flipping the switch.
I think I still did not understand. As a noob, I ask: so theoretically, if I cut a wire, but the lightbulb is close enough, it will still glow?
By twisting (insulated positive and negative wires) together, the (magnetism, line noise, radio waves, resistance and heat) in a circuit, that you did simply prove exists, in a sort of complicated method, by your experiment in your video, those circuit side effects would be reduced and improve the overall quality of the circuit, having been twisted around each other. Example; (100 ft of Cat6 ethernet cable rated for 1,000 MHz) will only deliver (10 MHz, if you do not use the twisted pairs) as the correct wiring dictates. Which obviously works out to 100 times more efficient, by eliminating the electrical circuit side effects, in which could be called; "field energy." I really enjoyed your video presentation, even though it was misleading yet mystically inspiring. You're really good at what you do. I actually almost bought it.
Honest question. What's the difference between electric and magnetic fields? I thought wireless charging was done through magnetic fields, the same way transformers exchange electricity between the coils.
It is an electric universe.  Interactions are are as infinite as the universe.
Why elections moves in the first place very fast in metal? Who give an energy where electric field is not present (switch is off)
Technicalities are what excite engineers Derrick … that’s where you messed up but I agree the sims and all that came out of you “kicking the hornets nest “ was the best part of your video ❤😂
Well done!  I am proud to be an “iron ringer” as well.  Your ability to accept “constructive feedback” is admirable and demonstrates true leadership.  Congrats.  BTW, this video has given me a much better understanding of the mysterious relationship of electromagnetic waves. Thank you.
I guess you could say this is similar to how radio waves work to carry a signal. Though I’m not sure if that is an exact 1-1 explanation for both phenomena…
This can't be science for 2 reasons: 1) he did not pay for peer review, and 2) the peer reviewers actually did the experiments, and accurately reported their findings.  Kek
Electrons lol
Fun fact scientists proves things wrong again and again till end when no one left to prove it wrong on other hand religion always proves things right according to understanding of religion
When pseudo science meets actual science 😂🤣.
Shoulda just got me there, sparkies "electrician" of 10 years 😂
What would happen if you use the same amount of wire but move the bulb away from the battery 300,000 km away?
If it's outside the wire then why we are not electrocuted wirelessly?
What if you made the wires sealed in a way that the electric field wouldn't reach the other wire and create the imaginary capacitors? The field would be forced to "go around".
I can't help but think of how many of your graphs resemble the cherubs atop the "Arch" of the Covenant!
I was skeptical about this until I actually watched the video. You nailed it! Old electronics engineer here and, yes, this is why I NEVER ran wire wrapped prototypes with parallel runs. Especially next to high current flow wiring. Noise was introduced. Thus, though it looks ugly, rats nest wiring is better! Next make a video on why proper grounding across a large area is nearly impossible. In other words, talk about ground potential differences and the resultant current flow, and thus electrical fields. It is why I have little hair left on my head! 😂
So the answer WAS E None of the above because D was wrong as it lacked the m for meter  - I had chosen E by process of elimination :-)😊
There is a problem here that contradicts chemistry and physics. Electrons circle atoms, do they not? They are bounded by the atoms element structure. For example, Iridium is 77 electrons in orbit. Physics tells us to break an electronics bond takes energy. First, the electron jumps up in valence. Then, when it finally does break its bond, the atom forms an isotope. Now, you may or may not have a radioactive particle that would be detectable. Next, when that electron losses energy and jumps back or jumps down in valence, it emits a photon. We don't see light emitted from wires, do we? Unless the voltage is so high, it ionizes the air around it like this near power distribution stations.
When will they learn that this guy knows what he's talking about?
Interesting ... I'd like to see some animations for AC instead of DC... 🤓
Electron behaves like a chemical reaction it releases energy when there's right environment. Fire is opposite it frees energy when the environment is not right.  Light behaves as just a release of energy. Energy is constant in every mass. It just flows to be stable in right environment.
Electricity just like gravity is ruled by fixed laws, from those laws we tried to imagine how it could work.  What I mean, scientific research was based on 1)observations then  2)theories, then 3)tests. Now we work as backingeniring, starting from laws brought out form observations, and use the mathematics to predict how things  works, it's a good way to go but not The way. We should stop extrapolate mathematical formulas, without direct observations this has lead to tons of misconceptions in the public trough not efficient schoolar learnings so as PhD because they also learned same theories based on formulas transformed over time to fit your new discoveries.  We still didn't really know how a electromagnetic field affects the surrounding, we ignore what electricity really is, just like gravity, because we always interpret things regarding old theories.  To break in this theory projections found it's time with quantum physics.   We are restricted as human beings  of really understanding the realm of Reality. Maybe once AGI achieved it could reason without old beleives. Even if I'm not feeling fine about AGI.  All good all.
I think scientist don't fully understand electricity...
6:20 you just said the average charge everywhere in the conductor is neutral, so how can there also be a gradient of extra electrons to deficient electrons?
6:26 how does this work w poisson’s equation in electrostatics?  If you have a constant resistance wire, you should have a linear potential gradient right?  In which case except at the ends the laplacian of voltage is 0.  My understanding was the laplacian of voltage was proportional to charge density, meaning a constant 0 laplacian would mean 0 net charge over the bulk length of the wire.  Intuitively what’s presented in the video makes more sense, but I can’t figure out how that works rigorously.
Hmm
I understood what you were trying to say in the first video, I couldnt explain it but I understood you premise. They do cover these fields in electronic classes but there importance is not stressed.
I see electrons from different devices of organic nature competing with each other at the speed of light 😜
You nailed it bro, earlier it wasn't so clear... Thankyou
Using the diagram on the timeframe 7;43, explain why the battery becomes flat and what happens if the wires are naked and a person touches it with slippers on and without slippers?
I wish you would speak English instead of professorial jarbon
This was clickbait for science communicators and creators
As someone who didn't even do chemistry, I had thought it batteries had used that mechanic where some atoms wanted to give away electrons, and some of them wanted to take them to establish a flow. It's pretty cool to get a sense of how it actually works.
Time 7:20 -  When the wires are connected to the battery (and the circuit is not cosed), positive and negative polarities appear at the terminals of the wire because, you are claiming, the electrons are pushed from + to - through the battery. But then they should be pushed all the times even ehen no wires are attached to the battery. How?
What causes batteries to "die" then?
Excellent!
I started this video expecting to understand how electricity actually works...
Another good analogy might be Newton’s vs. Einstein’s equations for ‘gravity’.  Within normal planetary models, Einstein’s equations simplify simplify to fractions of an order of magnitude of newton’s.   This video was really cool. Most of it went over my head but I enjoyed it nonetheless
<[ I wrote on this 2019, you are late but thats cool, glad you are challenging the misconceptions but there is mathematics you can just ask me for to validate this, the notion of using time as limitation is common for most people who don’t comprehend that. you are wrong on electrons as you just proved electrons arent the major driving force , that would imply a delay thus one is saying electricity is limited by your physical construct, just as light is a derivative force that does not mean the originating force works on the speed of light, our measurement in time gives us these calculations, but not validations of these forces, measurement is a non-originating qualifier, anything on a non-originating qualifier is null as causation, your logic is derivative and not causation although your premise of electricity and wires is correct your conclusion of electrons is false.  ]>
Hey guys what is the machine they use to put a pulse in the copper line at 18:30
Sorry but about the causality i think you answered the wrong question , in rhe video you said that the time required for the light to turn on depends on the distance between the switch an the light, but if i have a cable many lights year long then the field apparing instantly after you close the switch is giving you the information that the many-lights-years long cable does not have any other interruption faster than light. Like immagine you set the experiment up and close the switch, the field appears and the light turns on, now i am at one end of the cable, many light years away from the switch and the lights, i cut the cable, now how mutch time before the field disappears? Because if it's instantly then information just travelled faster than light and if it isn't instantly there something else going on that isn't accounted in the discussion, or am i wrong?
As a light bulb, this turned me on
when AC turn to RF.....
Bro, If you really think that bulb would glow in the time that light takes to travel one meter, there is no way that the anything is getting affected that is 1 meter away.. i mean its equivalant to both wires not being connected at the end.. so to prove your point you should have closed both the woires by grounding them or like commected with each other aome distance away from the circuit.  I mean that you should redisgn your experiment, so that the two parlelle wires commect to themselves...
Hey guys, you forget something. Quantum physics. The electron is not a physical particle at all !  Electrons exhibit properties of both particles and waves. Also carries intrinsic spin. The electron is not a pointlike particle as assumed before. Interesting video above.
Best explanatory video i ever watched.
I loved this video
Could you use something like echolocation to help increase the energy, maybe even find a way to direct the field more to specify energy, it’s a size I don’t know how fully we’ve explored. Would there be a  way to create a type of energy like or as electromagnetic energy that in the long run boosts/compels better energy interactions. Do these fields work in layers differently? Maybe our dna even is; or has inspiration from the electricity. Also wondering if electricity has a size and how it doesn’t or does change the outcome in all
Wouldn’t that be a ‘self respective’ system in terms of velocity in those durations
I now wonder how electricity works on a circuit board or electrical cable. Surely the original signal must experience distortion from surrounding conductors. Will a signal only be transmitted distortion free through shielded (coax) cables? If so then a circuit board must be exposed to a whole anarchy of interference.
So, my guess that it would be the speed of light was right then ?
Electrons are bumping particles😂😂😂😂😂 fools Everyone should see Theoria apophasis here on YouTube on light.
This is truly amazing! What a fortunate accidental ambiguity/mistake. A group of experts stepped in and provided us with incredibly valuable insights about this phenomenon.
E comes from Potential Energy of battery.
i would be conivnced if you use a double pole switch.
You tell a story, but where's the experimental evidence?
If the electric field is around the wire what happens when the positive or hot wire is right next to the return wire like in Romex ?
Now I see why they say electrons flow through the wire like fluid, because it is far easier to explain.
As a professional who works in the electrical engineering field, I appreciate you taking the time (though there is a monetary value associated with this work) to explain this or should I say these concepts.   I watched both videos back to back just now. And I will admit that after the first video, I felt that your choice of words to describe things wasn't always well executed. I think that's the main problem here.   The second video obviously goes into much more detail and covers your a** for lack of a better term in the process.   @15:55 The fact that you had to put that the wire spacing in this image is not to scale is proof of you needing to cover your a** from naysayers. 😂😂 Hilarious that you actually had to put that asterisk note there. 😊 Necessary? I would say no, but to the extent that you're defending you your point, sure. You see, it's all about your choice of words.  I think maybe the lesson for you (YouTube channel narrator guy) is that you might want to get reviews or more/different reviews on your choice of words (or lack of additional words or phrases to enhance perspective on the topic) in your descriptions before posting/publishing a video. Some little tweaks here and there go a long way towards clarifying vague meanings. Sometimes it's changing a word or two, sometimes there are critical moments that need short and accurate clarifying ideas added. The art, is writing or in this case presenting technical idea that doesn't leave holes for misconception without, and this is critical, without getting too worried or too messy in that process. So most people would say in response, well I didn't want it to be too long, or I didn't want it to be too wordy, or I didn't want it to get to involved. In my experience, there is always a solution in a short and elegant way that solves the communication gap in these technical concepts that avoids those irrational fears people have of overcomplicating their work. That's the art or developed skill that needs development in portions of your videos.   For example, @16:35, when you were illustrating the simulated transmission line circuit and then removed the simulated conductor resistance by citing that the conductors in your example were superconductors, you just left a gap. You just remove them with a statement, without a short elegant explanation. A quick phrase after that point in the video citing negligible loss in a superconductor or something to that effect rather than just removing the resistor from the circuit without an explanation (only a statement), would have appeased many thinkers. Does that make sense?   Just like people assume that electrons literally move from point a to point b, people also underestimate the art involved with executing electrical engineering communication. One example of that creativity is in the communication used to demonstrate technical ideas. I basically author technical engineering documents in the electrical engineering field for a living and I really do consider that a creative process, so take my word for it.  Just like electrical engineers design elegant solutions, technical writers or in your case teachers, present elegant solutions to their students. That's the art of it all.  Don't be annoyed by this responsibility. Don't feel like it's using an extra amount of your available energy to explain things in this manner. Make that the goal, the foundation, the standard of your communication. Make it an inherent quality of your personality and it will internally evolve and you will grow that skill. I feel like I watched that occur to a certain extent by watching these two videos of yours. But in the end, I felt like the first one was too vague, and the second one was obviously intended to deliver more detail but that neither video presented that sweet spot in that communication process. And that's okay. I'm just giving you my professional reflection on your communication style and execution.   Again, it's about elegance in your presentation not necessarily depth like you were stating at the end of the second video.   Food for thought.
Things heating up in the electricity fandom
So power is not transfered fully unless we wait the EM field goes all around.
I don't buy it. According to Faraday's Law, moving a magnet through wire loop induces a circular current & in such case there is no surface charge gradient driving the flux of electrons.
Tesla would have hired you. :) Well done. I enjoyed this greatly.
Basically electromagnetic interference from a neighboring circuit counts as turning the circuit on depending on what you count as on? Schrodingers question much?
Can be the magnetic field be measured?
It's funny, but this video is one of the possible answers to my little curious observation. Every time I turned on the PC, the power light on my stereo, located on the same desk, would briefly illuminate. Is it worth mentioning that the stereo system was unplugged at the time.
Why battery is discharge event the are not used? It is the magnitec field discharge the energy inside the battery. Please explain. I believe electromagnetic field is present.
NAUGHTY MR VERITASIUM😂😂
so does that mean a wire parallel to the circuit which is not connected will also light a bulb without having any direct power, but that's not what happens right ?
@17:24  What if wire was in a very large circle ?
I love science, and this is the most mind blowing but interesting video iv ever watched
I like the first explanation better and I bet the average viewer immensely appreciated his explanation.  There was no need for the second explanation just because the "experts" were quarrelsome.
so...What is the result of science by consensus?        Respectfully posited.
oh my G-D.A chemist looks at your explanation and your images and immediately thinks....If you had a wire full of ions you would have a crystal lattice in flux and surface electrons would be attracted to electropositive gasses and water vapour and...the whole things comes apart at every micro inspection...   How would a Leyden jar perform in substitution for an ionic CELL [batteries are groups of cells!.]   I suspect the explanations fall apart by ignoring the instantaneous nature of the activites.  This this is partly a statistical treatise partly Newtonian and mostly Quantum effects.   Electrons leave atoms by absorbing photons that promote the outer most to higher energy staes in orbitals....promotion with enough energy to leave the orbital is a momentarily free e-    free to interact with electro-mag fields and who knows what else.    The light bulb as we know is a variable resister initially the resistance of ambiemnt temp tungsten and in accordance with I^2 develops a greater R and thus thermal energy via vibrational rotational energy of the crystal or amorphous molecules slowly [relative terms] heats up inducing increased R and lower I   current flow and the potential [V] increases to near the inducing potential of the cells.            My point is that in order to give a correct analysis of the factors of cause and effect there is a complex cascade throughout and as is often the case a SIMPLE question deserves a treatise else some aspects of some specialty discipline gets a hand waiving explanation and also once again I have to thank you for stepping into the swamp that is Veritasium.       You never fail to evoke a critical thinking about things we glance over.      My thoughts and explanations are as a result of the profs and theorists that educated me and the great thinkers of years gone by.    Take a humble bow as one of the crowd
Here is an analogy regarding electricity for a generator, wires and resistor (load)  A rope, a weight or load and a pulley,. You pull the rope to lift the weight.... You are the generator to generate the energy, the rope transfers the energy to the weight (load) which is lifted. That is, the energy is transferred to the load.  Same with electricity.... The generator is the energy source which is transferred to the load via the wires. If there is no load or resistor there is no energy transfer. The electrons do not travel along the wire, it's the force of the electrons on each other, like a spring. It's the magic of electrons and it works with the telephone as well.  If there is no weight or load there is no transfer of energy.    What do you think?
Soft clickbait liar
super awesome a video tutorial me think
Not since the current wars has electrical engineering generated so much controversy
So far, everyone involved has ignored the time required to raise the voltage across the lamp itself, which is not finite: this time will be different for different types of lamps: LEDs require to be applied 0.6 of a volt to over come the semi-conductor’s natural  resistance of the blocking doping holes and reverse emf potential of the led lattice, before real current will flow through the led itself...  This is excluding leakage currents through the semi-conductor. QED Other types of lamps (not discussed herein) will require more time to actually glow, which will be a function of the current volume thru the lamp itself... The cross-sectional volume of the wire that will both limit and contain the actual current flow, which will be a function of the frequency of the current flowing (and applied). with a DC current flowing, the emf field will not push the electrons out of the conductor at all. The rate of skin effect of the current flowing will dictate the actual volume of electrons being forced to travel toward the outer surface of the conductor.  At o time does 100% of the current flow outside of the conductor. The frequency of the AC current dictates (and is directly proportional to) the skin effect created in/on the conductor. QED
You state that there are no elections flowing but you keep on referring to current flow, so what is flowing if it is not elections?
If induction was that simple then why is it so difficult to design efficient transformers and motors?
So, electricity and circuits can’t be explained like I’m a 5 year old! How do the models compare between A/C and D/C?
I do think it's unfair to say the bulb goes on. You switched it to a tiny LED, but if you used that LED in that circuit, it would explode after the light speed delay and full 18V across it. Basically any light source that would be visible at your capacitance voltage wouldn't survive at full voltage. So assuming a light that could handle full voltage, no the bulb would not light until the light speed delay, as the capacitive current would not be enough.
I haven’t seen any information about the angle of magnetic field lines cutting across the cross section of conductors?  Should be a dot product involved?
I heard a theory that electricity is generated for free then sold to us and this makes it seem much more likely.   Also seems to indicate that frequency can activate electricity just like magnetic fields do which might mean that electricity by sound is possible,  not to mention earth is giant magnet
The wire (transmittion line) is a distraction - the light bulb should still light up without the wires, e.g. built a small enough battery to fit inside the LED chip. In this way the EM field of the wire should not be subject of the discusion because there isn't any. So the basic question of how electricity works still gets unsolved.
7:31 this kid
So physics (formal explanation of phenomena) vs engineering (assumptions to make stuff easier to handle in real applications)
@AlphaPhoenix corrected this conclusion ...jus sayin , I dunno 😢
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
If electrons carried the current through a conductor transformers would not work.
Simple he's right that's why you get electrocuted when you touch the wire cause the electric field is around the wire
So wholesome
The  *Actually* in "how Electricity *'actually'* works adds achieves or accomplishes, exactly    what? Electrons, eh? - little pink things with long blue  noses?I  suppose they graze in what are called" fields", but fields of what? Hey ho, it's as good a  guess as any I suppose
GREAT explanation on this second video.  I was just thinking, If we use shielded wires then the electric field will not jump from the first wire to the second, it should take longer for the bulb to come ON. It made sense when you mentioned Ohms law  is a simplified version of Maxwell equation.
Can you recommend a video for someone who hasn't studied much in the way of electricity and hasn't had physics? I understand much of what you say in your video, but I know there are some things I just am not getting. And I find that a bit frustrating. Thanks for your help.
Im an engineer -everything works from push or pull like gravity earth magnetic field and basically anything - its not like electrons or field are doing the job its the reaction the material goes throught when electricity passes through in Dc field doesnt rlly do work cuz its stacionary in Ac field can induct current
This was most fun series! Really need more of this kind of open-ended debats.
Battery gets energy from ? Copper wire already gets energy( current ) from somewhere ,  the switch is acting as a capacitor . High currents always follow low current. That's why the bulb is on immediately .
i know an electron that works in the field and he confirms
Boycott china products . Their businesses are built upon blood of innocent persons.
I have question: 1. When we close the switch, does the excess of electrons in the part of the wire connected to the negative side of the battery  push the electrons toward the positive side and the moving electrons create an electric field in the wire? If not, what creates the electric field in the wire that makes the electrons move?
Sooo. What happens when you twist the wires from source to load. Magnetic field should cancel each other.
ok nerd
How is it possible that we actually still don't know how is it all functioning
why is no one mentioning time dilation? Even if we build off of the shoulders of the people arguing with the first video, According to Einstein theory of relativity a light speed return of an electron to its original destination should not take any time locally.
I love your videos, make no mistake about that!  But as soon as you connected capactors to the bulb, (at around 17 minutes), you basically hooked wires directly to the bulb... so of course it responded faster.  Great channel!
Does the Illuminati run on electricity?
Actually, you are all wrong. Yes, the electrons do not flow. But they do carry the energy. They hop from atom to atom. The electrons are replaced in the electron cloud of every atom. So what you get at the end is actually not the electrons from the source but the electrons of the atoms making up your wire. The energy transfer happens through a cascading electron exchange. Everyone ignores that the conductor is actually made out of atoms that are not just some dead weight sitting there. They actually have electrons orbiting the nucleus which hold the atom from breaking down. When you suck an electron to heat your filament the other atoms are pulling an electron from the ones next to it and so on until the source but this happens at the speed of light so it's very fast. Current doesn't flow, the vectors only shows in what direction the electrons hop. The entire process is a bit more complex. @veritasium
If only all YouTube drama could be like this.
Best response ever. Pro.
This was very helpful. But now I'm confused about what happens when the circuit *is* closed. If even the unconnected wire shows that charge based just on pure fields from the battery, then what makes the circuit itself different - why bother to have one? Maybe I still just don't understand it. I did badly in the electromagnetism half of HS physics class... if anyone is actually still reading comments here, TIA.
it seems the original video was... polarizing
I have never felt this dumb before 😢
Electrons had a field day.
I feel so much less stupid. This fracas over so “elementary” topic, by a bunch of “experts” wow. Thanks for the honesty. PS. How does this explanation fit with theories of superconducting?
I wanted to comment at the first minute of the video about Rick Hartley saying the energy is in the di-electric. Loved to see you mentioning him at the end.
This episode is breaking my brain.😢
I cant stand learning this, and then knowing what we were taught. Because I honestly feel that the way we teach it is much much more confusing... the whole + - nonsense is confusing as &*$# without the fields. Not to mention the dissconnect on the quantum level. It's almost like we are trying to make people dumber.
I was thinking “oh wow, you say the surface charges detail is usually omitted from most textbooks but the textbook our course uses has it”, and then you literally mentioned it—Chabay et al. Matter and Interactions. The textbook is great, definitely recommend
This comes a bit late, but I wish you'd explain the direction of the electric field inside the wires. You explain the obvious field for in-between the two wires but not once mentioned, why the electric field results in the illustrated direction within the conductors. While I'm totally on board with everything in this video, I think the electric field inside the wires deserves an explanation. I think very few people could, after watching this video, understand, or explain this until you understand the electric field, how it propagates and likes to follow space of different "resistance" properties.
❤
So what would happen if there was shielding in between the top and bottom wires in the example (that did not allow the energy field to propagate across the dead space), would the transient effect (instant power to the bulb) be null, and thus the steady-state behavior be what turns on the bulb? I would really appreciate any help with this. I'm an ME at Georgia Tech currently taking System Dynamics- we just learned about transient response, and electricity has always puzzled me!
He is out from  his  brain god bless u.
Are you sure the time taken for the small current to show up is proportional to the distance between the switch and the bulb? Or is it the same regardless of the distance? You have to clarify
so why doesn’t everything turn on when you turn on a light switch?
@Veritasium what is the physical explaination of basic electric and magnetic field.What is source of this force. And, further what if this wires are seperated at say infinitely long breath will it take a very long time as the wires are very long distance apart. Also, What limits on speed of light, I mean how everything obeys that constraint.  Thanks
If the energy travels in empty space (dielectric), how do those wiggly PCB traces used in high speed circuits equalise arrival times?
good video
is it even real or assumptions? when i was in school i never understand the whole thing
This is why there are so many regulations for EMI and compatibility. We don’t want our circuits to mess up other circuits!
This video is also wrong. The electric field is static from the DC battery and only exists between the electrodes of the cell like a capacitor and also in the conductors tied to the pos and neg and is determined by the voltage of cell and is constant. It is not wrapping around the outside of the cell as animated. The magnetic field is only present as current flows and at steady state is also a static unchanging field since it's DC. This guy has no idea what he's talking about and has made something very simple overly complex and wrong. And yes, the electrons do repel each other within the conductor and that is the voltage, the higher the voltage the higher the electron density.
11:18 oh...now it makes sense...also that's why disconnect switches can go boom...
Juggling with words and phrases like a deception artist..
Came across as a top notch, both as a presenter and as a good & well meaning human being. Has show both humility & willingness to re-present without any ego. Which make one real top notch. Kudos.
This is crazy.
That guy says the energy is not in the voltage and the current, it is not, it is in the fields.  It think that is stupid. The voltage the line integral of the field along a path. The unit of the field is even volt/meter.
You measured it, therefore you changed the outcome...
This is what’s great about pure science- experts coming together and debate, call each other out and debate more and then eventually someone may take a question away and refine our knowledge or model and better educate the rest of us.
Electricity is one helluva drug
So if circuit is completed with one electric bulb and magnetic and electric fields are created then if we place another electric bulb along the electric field without touching the circuit wires then the bulb should light up but it doesnt
this guy is a complainer
👏👏👏 please could you explain how this translate to the impulse of a neuron and neuron communication in the body
Came here because I felt insulted by Leif, Iykyk
Insane how in depth this video is, shoutout to you guys for going to the trouble of clarifying everything and explaining so clearly.
You're going to freak a lot of people you're switching between AC and DC current and not explain when and why. The Example, I give people on this do not ties your wireless up nice and neat because it creates fields and unpredictable results. You're better off with a mess of wires than a neatly coiled wire that's tied together tightly. Because most times I go over the fix a computer and they burned up the power supply or the network's not work and they everywhere tied up neatly in a tie neat coil These people burn up electronics three times faster than a messy person will. And because it generates heat cats and rodents Are attracted to the heat And we'll make a bed out of them And chew on them causing even more problems Like a short and/or a dead animal.
You could shield the wires and show the early low current then gets screened out, proving it's field driven.
Man ❤ you are awesome. No proffessor taught electrical circuit this way so  clearly. For last 20 years I was in understanding of wrong theory. You have a greater respect for this. Loved your video.
What is he impedance of the line? that determines the initial current and voltage supplied to the light. If the impedance is high, the current will be low, will you see the light turn on? it will take a time for the reflections to stabalize
There is an electric field inside non superconducting wires. The linemans equation is all you are showing , a special case of maxwells equations. Istill need an explanation of the steady state current flow in the circuit  when neither electric or magnetic flux  are varying .The would then be a potential difference along the wire obeying ohms law . dv/dl  = i dr/dl  where l is the length of the wire
What I dont understand is, if this is the reality and this is proven by science, why do we still learn in school that electrons actual move through the whole wire and give off their energy in the light bubble and why is I = the current strength still defined as how many electrons move through the wire?
Rewatching after 2 years and I’ve started to think. Who teaches misconceptions about electrons? Not in Soviet schools and universities. What is definition of the bulb is on? Why magnetic effects are mixed with the circuit effects? And actually where the magnetic field comes from, what is the source of it? You see. If we have “digital” bulb that is by definition on when the voltage reaches near the same amount as battery this explanation is still not accurate. That is what others tried to show. But if ask - at what time magnetic effects create the voltage in the bulb - that is exactly the time when magnetic field comes to the point of measurement. There is also an interesting question that was not answered if we have 2 switches and we close one of it - how it changes magnetic field in the new piece of wire? Will we have oscillating voltage there? I think @AlphaPhoenix showed kind of that with a different example of the Y shaped wires, where one end is pair of connected wires and the opposite ends are disconnected. You see. The magnetic field does not appears from nothing. It is still created by the density of the electrons. And what circuit expert said is in the context of the pcb. You should consider magnetic fields effects there. That is why you cannot use simplistic model where only voltage and electrons produce electricity. And yes you are correct about the magnetic field as driving force for the next group of the electrons.
let me see if I got it right: the thing that really matters is the distance between the load (lamp, in this case) and the place where the electric field starts forming (the switch, in this case), because the electric field intensity increases "radially", starting at the switch?  In this case, if we have a battery in earth and a lamp+switch set is at 1 light-second far away the lamp will turn on almost immediately (distance/c) when you close the switch, beacause the switch, in this example, is very close to the lamp?
Such brilliant productions.  Now subscribed!  Thank you!
its like no one has read steinmetz
physics majors when you remove friction.
my brain giving  error
So if you put a unconnected lightbulb next to a switch or source of electric field, it will turn on?
What you have is a transmission line. If the circuit is built in a circular loop, the result will be very different.
12:01 🔥🔥👏👏
10:18 😮🔥👏👏
9:23 😭 if only I had teachers like you when I was studying all this shtt 💔😭
Going back to my school days in the late 60s specifically in Physics we learn that electrons kind of elbow each other, or kick each other if you will, rather than physically moving along so I've always thought of electricity in that way.
Even electricians with college degrees struggle with these concepts
Two halves, pushing beyond themselves
You deserve academic recognition for the work you have done on this. Brilliant +++
Makes you think dunnit? and that's the point, innit? So hats off to Veritasium for this video, it's predecessor and all the other thought provoking content out there.  🎓🎩👲👒👷🧢🤠⛑️🎉
So to sum it all up. The closer the blub to the source the faster it lights up. Right Derek?
Hi Can I email you?   I have 2 designs I'd like to run by your 🧠 for validity.  AI has confirmed them already.
Huh?
I have a QUESTION and I would appreciate a deep but simple explanation as i am a law student and not very strong in physics (thanks for understanding). So, if the circuit is open ended, will the light be turned on for 1/2 seconds or for the full 1 second? (considering the length of the wire is 1/2 light second long from the switch to the end (the full length is1 light second), same example as he uses in the video). It will take the electric field 1/2 seconds to get to the end of the wire, and as it is open ended, it should stop "flowing', but if it stops immediately, and the light turns off after 1/2 seconds, it means we get information instantly, which can't be the case as even the information can't travel faster than the light. But if the light remains turned on for 1 full second, what happens to the electric field for the rest half a second? It reached the end, so where it goes afterwords?
Can you please make a video on how sound works
What if ac
This is much better than the first video.  Thank you for re-visiting this Derek!
So THIS is what Nikola Tesla used to litht up 100 lightbulbs from a mile away!!!
And yes I forgot one topic of the charge gradient that develops along the surface of the wire due to the battery’s voltage.  When the circuit is connected, the potential difference between the battery’s terminals creates a distribution of charges along the surface of the wire. This charge distribution contributes to the creation of the electric field.  The electric field inside the wire drives the drift of electrons, and this movement of electrons constitutes the current.   However, the energy transfer happens much faster than the drift of individual electrons due to the propagation of the field.
Ok I don't know much but form my perspective,  In a simple circuit, when a battery is connected, it provides potential difference and creates an electric field that propagates almost instantaneously through the wires have speed equal to speed light C, driving electrons to move and create a current.  And  we have question: does elctron really move?  Answer is Yes they do , but here is catch, electrons do move slowly (drift velocity) in fact very slowly, and the actual energy transfer occurs through the electromagnetic field established by the electric and magnetic forces around the wire.  And you ask how EM field move and tranfer energy? Answer is poyntig vector,  The Poynting vector describes how this energy flows outside the conductor, not by the physical movement of electrons.    About bulb .  Inside the bulb’s filament, electrical energy is converted into heat through Joule heating, causing the filament to glow via incandescence. While electrons play a role, it is the electric field and electromagnetic energy transfer that power the circuit and light the bulb.  I think 🤔 this may help to understand all.   for more details For enthusiastic science people,  i want to include quantum mechanics,  elctron are not actual particle, but they create elctron cloud around nuclear in their perticular energy levels, we may also called them 'Fermi gas '. they obey Fermi dirac statistic for charge distribution. And The quantum nature of electrons means that their exact positions and velocities are governed by probabilities. However, the collective behavior of many electrons leads to the observable flow of current.
....lol why would anyone give af? 1 second, 2 seconds, half a milla second. Makes zero difference and all these dorks got angry enough to make full debunk videos.
14:06 Is this the source of tempest radiation? Or is that a different phenomenon?
bro that's just an induced current
Not sure if I'm being dumb, but isn't he just making a dipole antenna?
Even though I didn’t fully understand the first video, I understood it was thought experiment and the nay sayers weren’t perceiving it the way it was intended.
💚
I’m trying to understand why your animations use conventional flow, an already flawed model when we are trying to get to the bottom of all this.
Okay but so, electricity is still electrons moving through/down the wire then? Even if they aren't pushing each other but instead are being pushed by the electric field. And if you had that third disconnected wire, even if the field would induce a small charge in it, it wouldn't produce a charge large enough to be dangerous or to power anything complex like a computer or a toaster, right?
he contradicts even more now, first he says energy going directly from battery to bulb, but later, it's wires that acts like capacitors. Imagine this same setup, battery and bulb like 10 cm apart, but make wires parallel but 50m apart... ?
I apologize I know this video is old, but wouldn't this have been easy to explain using nature itself as proof with lightning strike? No wire and clearly power traveling in a direction while creating its own magnetic force.
Great info.  Thank you.
Never doubt anyone in a physics environment.
Hi, the little current flow is an inductive effect we see because of change in magnetic field in the surrounding. If that magnetic field stabilizes due to electric field stabilizes due to a wire break at a distance then the glow of bulb which happened at an instant will also fall. Pls do not mix a continuous electron movement in a circuit due to chemically elevated accumulation of charges with an inductive effect on the wire nearby.  Question of wave of change in magnetic field reaching through surrounding to the nearby circuit is different from question of continuous electric field wave reaching to the lamp.   Both the cases are different.  Moreover electric field outside wire is very weak but magnetic field remains strong. When this magnetic field change reaches at the other wire which still has to get movement of charges due to electric field from the battery inducts electricity due to passing wave of magnetic field.
Harris Christopher Brown Sandra Miller Steven
Always focus on the reason why something behaves the way they do, and not what is happening. Electricity as a case
14:14 does this mean if you plug your phone into a charger it charges faster closer to it than further away
It is crazy you made so much money being completely wrong.
This is a backtrack video where he describes a completely different conclusion than what he vaguely implied in the first video. In the first video he incorrectly described the transient response of the system and implied that all the power would be transmitted from source to load in 1/c seconds which is not true.
Damn 8 years of electric circuit and I have no clue it work like that
All I got to say is that as a beginning Electronics student, it is all just as confusing as hell it is like some sort of black magic voodoo. Hahhaha
5:46 Would this mean that a fractal wire with an infinite surface area would make an infinitely strong electric field?
Wrong is still good. If we are never wrong, we never problem solve. I love that other channels picked up your, let’s call them INCONSISTENCIES what are really just prompts to thought .   We go back and explore, experiment and take more measurements. Keep the scientific conversation on overload that’s how we move forward. Let’s all science the F out of everything.
I love how chemists and physicists disagree on polarity
You twist reality to make your point. When you say it will light the bulb, it means normal light not a faint glow. Admit your are mostly wrong would have been a good thing
No, I will not consider that
It technically can only be seen at half the speed of light  Because you have the initial tranfer And then the speed that the light leaving to bulb gets to you
Can we prove that energy will cross the gap and transfer energy through the field, by making a light bulb light up, even when it's not connected to the source of the energy?  In other words, can the idea that says energy is carried by fields and not electrons be demonstrated by giving a disconnect wire enough energy to power a light bulb?  I like the wireless phone charger example, but to do this yourself with an obviously disconnected wire and light bulb. This is an experiment that should silence the critics once and for all.
Wats going on in this roo- Wat the
1 Corinthians 3:19 KJV — For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.
If you have the SLIGHTEST comprehension of ANY of this,,, congratulations,,, you are more,, way more intelligent than me 💯❤️
All of it becomes the battery.
I get it! The electrons are part of physical matter. So the metal conductor has electrons sitting within its physical makeup.  These electrons then behave like dominoes, applying pressure to the electron next to it.  Its this pressure wave that travels, and because its a force it can travel exceedingly fast.  Man my mind has just been altered haha cheers
This video started bye sister level of drama in the science community….
I can't believe after lying about production in America I'm just about anything but you still have a job as far as I'm concerned your backside will how much food in it
after watching this l want my electrical engineer diploma...make it from MIT...that will be ok
So basically even if the wire is disconnected, the light will turn on for a little bit, then turn off once the field reach the broken wire?
Love the video i've been working with electricity my entire life lately some questions have arisen as I've been learning more after watching your video I conducted an experiment of my own passing AC and DC current through or should I say sharing a single conductor and in both directions simultaneously none of them affected one another which supported what you were saying about electrons not necessarily flowing as we thought before within a conductor but the conductors are extending the magnetic field.  This explains a lot when you get it.
Electric universe....
Tesla showed this when lighting up light bulbs not attached to anything. He also had plans to deliver wireless electricity to everyone.
so how does resistivity of the wires effect this? why does the resistance change when using an aluminum wire instead of say copper?
I didn’t understand why the charges flow to the wire surface. Moreover, why do some charges are negatively charged, on one hand, but positively charged on another hand?
if your assumption is right then the both the bulbs which are connected in closed circuited and open circuited wire should be on instantly at same intensity when the switch is turned on. which is not possible if both bulbs has equal resistance. if you still think you are right the do a practical with a practical circuit not stimulated circuit. and for that practical you don't need extra long wires you just need two blubs of equal power which are connected in open and closed circuit respectively and you should use both types of currents AC and DC one after the other. If you use coil or capacitor like things the second loop or circuit must be opened. waiting for your answer. if you don't have answer then accept in public that your assumption was wrong
if you are right they why positive particles do not experience any force in the result of so called electric field and why only electrons move in the closed circuit? why protons do not?
great video
This really amazing, thank you for the explanation about this topic as I didn't understand the first explanation to an unbelievable extent that I thought it was PhD level understanding, so thank you for the explanation. I understand how you assumed a lot in the first one yet explanation it beautiful to try to take away the miss understanding of how electron work, and I am happy to see that you took all the criticism and used it to make a better video and an amazing of better understand. Thank you.
_Luvin' this._ As the tech_docs g33k in an avionics R&D firm *_("Integrated Logistics Support_*_ on my door. YR!)_ I was quite often positioned to approach word-grade engineers with _"Uhhhhhh, now, see, _*_this wee bit here?_* *It's just wrong."* using their own documentation to prove the point. Which was my job ... like scraping the surface of a diamond with a razor blade to hear the slightest "tick".
The electric field comes from the the atoms involved. Al you are doing is adding or subtracting electrons. You can't measure the electric field inside an object.
isnt there a rubber cover on the wire,preventig it from affecting then other separate wire also covered by rubber.will it not affect anything?
WORTHY QUESTION : Why doesn't an isolated wire in a circuit, run out of electrons?
What was the point of the battery then.
so… i should ignore the previous video?
But it would do that to the unconnected wire?😂
What causes the surface charges to accumulate on the positive and negative sides of the battery? I also don't like how thick and close the conductors are for this experiment. Just use regular thin insulated wire if dealing with the topic how electricity travels to power things
I have an absolute “0” percent chance of having even a rudimentary understanding of this. If it had been left up to people of intelligence level the world would be lit by candles. I can not grasp this at all. Damn!
can electric and magnetic fields, in a home or building ,  be mapped and translated into 3d vector graphics, from a distance?
min 18:26 about to see the experiment, but however it comes out, either way, i just wanna say, " What a nerd" jk, lol. Gaining more insight to how stuff works... very good.  I , overall enjoy your videos. I hope you are not easily triggered by all that disrespect, mock, and pridefully boast conjecture as fact. We should all examine ourselves and everything we observe with that in mind  .  Shalom.
Ah yes, the sheppard field
What happens in vacuum?  Does it even impact it? Got my brain's gears really grinding and rolling...
Is your answer true only when the wire is infinitely long? If wire length is comparatively short the time electric field propagates through the wire would be faster? Otherwise how do you explain no light if the wire is cut?
seems like the key is that the battery is right there beside the lightbulb, right? i was surprised you didn't explain situation where battery is much further away with a closed circuit - that's what i was curious about
I always knew that our understanding of electricity was too simple.  "It's like water flowing through a pipe".  Thanks for the explanation...I'm back to where I started. I have zero idea how electricity works. It's way beyond my ability to understand.
All energy is kinetic
wait wait wait wait wait, what da hell??????? 🎵
Electron speed isn't light speed.
My two most rewatched videos on YouTube are this one, and the Veritasium video about measuring the one-way speed of light.... one day I might understand
Name of the professor or lecturer......?
Eric Dollard! Eric Dollard! Eric Dollard! Eric Dollard!   This based on his work!
I still dont get why the current was divided by 5 initially then goes to 100% later
Electricity is more about the quality of the energy what state of matter energy is in
13:11 so if the wire disconnected from the circuit reacts the same as the one connected to it, does that mean a light bulb disconnected will light up ? But then immediately light off ? Because it's not connected to the circuit ? I don't understand this part (well more than other moments in the video) could someone explain how can a disconnected light bulb light up ?
Tbh i thought the first video was very intuitive, idk how real electrical engineers that make circuits everyday on YT didn't understand what you were explaining, but im glad it was cleared up
That's radiation not electricity.
Wrong again..  Faster than light communication would be possible if that were true.  It's not.  Signal propagation is limited by (c). The radiation from the battery is a moot point.  It's not sufficient to power a light.  To create power at the filament there needs to be voltage differential and current (P=V*I) of a sufficiently ionizing amount.  Since the filament is already connected to the -12VDC, we just need to calculate the "velocity of propagation" from the switch to the filament for the +12VDC signal.
If you check my video on the article by Nikola Tesla on how you can light a bulb without the wires . Is that possible with or due to the concept he mentioned on how a wire disconnected will still be able give or gain energy 😕
That was incredible. Really interesting.
Just watched this again for the second time. Gotta love your positivity. Nice and humble but also genuinely happy about the outcome. Well done.
I admit that I know very little about electricity and it's properties. I do not want to anger anyone...it seems your critics are very passionate...  I have been thinking a lot about how we used to get a potato to power a small incandescent light bulb.  I have never actually tried this, and wonder if it really works, or if it's just another stupid urban legend. Is this potato really a form of free energy? Help a brother out.   I never answer my comment questions...I draw flies who hate my layman insights. I am a very unique individual...As a master interrogation expert and a traumatic veteran and 60 years old, I have had many near death episodes. But I also have had a legitimate near death experience and was told I died as a baby from cancer. And that true genius comes from infant boy deaths and abortions as well as miscarriages. Not enough children are dying and only the males come back enlightened...a genius. The earth is only a temporary home, and death is your real final awakening.   No gods in heaven. Just your dead friends who love fun and good times. I trust most earth science,  but there are so many areas you scientists hit a bullseye, but the dart board has a triple 20 spot, which is my insight. I see in 4 dimentions. We are all stupid here on this earth plane. I have a very difficult language barrier here.   Wake up, boys. Find free energy. I know water can be carbureted to retro fit gasoline engines.  Those inventors are missing or dead. It is real. I am no engineer and have no idea how to do it, but black ops are stopping this tech to retain our dependance on crude oil. Labor barons and small minded kings are destroying our world. Help us with your brains. You guys need to focus on joy...not hate. Hate is a free ticket to the real HELL.  A bitter cleansing of your negative hypocracies.   Truth is honor... Lies are death? Hellish beginning for a bad attitude. Hypocracy is a mirror of irony. How fun is your world? Help a lower educated kid or take the homeless to lunch. Never give money to anyone for knowledge. You cannot sell what you cannot own...college has become a business now also. Those cheap diplomas are not worth the cost if you cannot EVER pay it back. Like child support, it will suck you dry with interest on a loan,  I could not grt when 30 years old, but went for two semesters and quit with no more money with  3.8 gpa. But it really was the easy classes.. I asve crippling ADD and WILL NOT TAKE SPEED..I cannot think on it. But ho into my outer world and love art and music...   Any moron can get a student loan these days, and they are souls that have no chance of graduating.  Money is truly the ROOT OF ALL EVIL. NO DEVILS...NO SATANS. JUST BAD KIDS GONE SOUTH. HELP A CHILD LIVE LONGER, MOTHERS. IT IS ON YOU LADIES TO REAR YOUR CHILD AND LET THEM DECIDE WHAT THEY LIKE.   Teens are so misguided that most never get better and fail at life. They hate their parents trying to control them. Too bad, if you hate your....  Be nice and win eternal life forever. Pray that you need love. You are chemicals now. You need empathy to feel love. No love here. You cannot feel it, ever. Bad people are emotionless? The world IS FAKE. As is time, which explains why light speed can vary depending on the SPACE it currently occupies.  A variable that may not be gravity related.   I doubt gravity is what you believe...Einstien was a thinker. He needed a word that could relate with the current sciences. His gravity is very strange. But earths gravity explainations are just plain stupid.  Google this phrase if you like word salad:  "How does the moons gravity affect to tides"  Check out all the different and very stupid explainations. Now ask for NASA to explain it in a way that does not resemble a stupid flat earth like model. How can .166666 moons gravity out pull 1 gravity of earth...and nothing else??? Nothing but water? How does this happen. Read a DIFFERENT book. Then burn your bibles first. Humans are inherently stupid.  You will love being dead. Try not to leave too early... It hurts us all.   Truth is honor...  Lies are desdly...
What I'm getting from this video and its responses is that electricity is complicated. Duly noted 🫡
who was the youtuber that opposed veritasium the element of truth i will sue him so bad
Way to deep for me lol. I'm still stuck at the water pipe analogy lol.
I proposed this question years ago on physicsforum and could not get a consensus on an answer. Scaling down the question doesn’t get you the answer.  You’re trying to take the speed of light out of the equation.  We need to test the idea in full scale.  But then relativity plays it’s part.  Lol
This comment section feels like a crossover event
13:38 If the disconnected wire experiences the same fields as the connected wire, why doesn't a bulb on the disconnected wire glow? (like the red bulb experiencing 14 mW shown at 19:16.)
There is another video, showing the field at work and it actually pulses back and forth many times, before it actually excites any electrons at all, this means, that the electron flow will depend on the resistance once it balances itself
Honestly, I'm a bit baffled. Happy that this all seems to have lead to great exchanges and everything, but it's utterly beyond my mental horizon how anyone could have misunderstood the original video as saying anything that'd break causality. Likewise, I don't even understand how you could make the leap to believe that he meant anything other than the time being 1 meter divided by the speed of light. This was a very interesting video, and it was great fun seeing the experiment, I just... I dunno. I don't understand where the misunderstanding of the original arose. Fields propagate at the speed of light. 1/c across to the bulb, 300 000/c to the ends of the wire. I mean, the unit of measurement was literally right before our eyes, one big step across a bit of (I think?) Californian desert.
Isn't it obviousl that the energy is in the fields simply by how voltage transformers work? Aren't they essentially just two coils of wire sitting near each other but not connected?
but how would you send the current without the wires i mean how would you start a circuit
It’s weird to see electrons like bumper cars when the cloud model describes them as particles only when observed but moving like waves when not observed. I find it all confusing.
I just watched this video now lol.  Derick, I believe your statement of @ 13:20  "The Bulb goes on regardless of whether the circuit is complete or not" This statement cannot be true. If the circuit is not complete, there will be NO electric field.  Only if the circuit is complete, can there be an electric field for near field type effects. Electron waves must be close enough to connect to the next wave. So there has to be a closed loop to create the electric field of the size required for near field effects. (Laws of induction.)
To prove something is to disprove it.
nice vid awesome of you to name all of the awesome ppl in the description i like to to see a pop up with the youtuber name and channel on the video next time anyway good luck love you vids
Very nice video 👍🏻  For all of this you need a good understanding in class like electromagnetic field theorie, electromagnetic compatibility and transmission line theorie.  I think one of the main problems is that the models we use to answer physical problems like this is very different.   In classic ciruit theorie there are no fields and none geometrie sspectd of the real world physics. I think that this leads to miss modeling the real world properties and miss understanding the way electricity works.  Glad to had courses like emf emc and transmission line theory 👏🏻
If the difference of wires doesn’t matter but distance between switch and load. Why in motherboard’s designs where fast signalling is present, such as between CPU and RAM they use exactly same length of copper paths?. They say it’s in order to sync up data lines as small differences in length of cable will affect timings
I am a data scientist, a field completely unrelated to electrical engineering, I don't like when I see people just saying "he is wrong, and he is unreliable because of that". I see the inflated EGO in that person.  But when you see an active collaboration, people making experiments, sharing knowledge with the community, watching others videos, explaining concepts... That, people, that is the essence of science.  And I really love that!! ❤ Thank you Derek for this!
Wow you really got called out
this came out when I was first semester of EE, I come back every year and understand it better. it is truly the best "How electricity works" video.
I’m sure after watching this I still won’t understand I’ve tried before and had it all wrong maybe this time will be different 😂😂
Why is the circuit In the air
love your videos from INDIA🥰🥰😘😘 and thanks for this type of epic content.
That answers my long due question I had ever since, which was "how did electrons know where the potential difference is instantly?"
Boring
After watching your first video, I was kinda confused on how the magnetic field made the bulb produce light, but this video cleared it up, thanks
so basically, science doesnt know how a battery works!? and they say they dont believe in magic, you know as men of science!.  some dude literally created a powerful orb which he called a battery and were all falling over ourselves pretending to be explaining and getting the "science" behind it.
So you are saying that the magnetic field would influence the electrons in the wire connected to the bulb even if the circuit is broken in that far end, this means that the current should flow in the bulb too. Meaning the bulb should light up. So prove it practically.
It does not break the rules of causality, becase the initial electric field has to settle before the switch is closed, and it takes its time to settle before the switch is closed.
Wait!... Just to keep the scale with the original model (planetary scale), the separation between the two 10-meter-long cables should be about 33 nanometers, right?
sir who electric field extend in a conductor when it is conected to a battery
I like how we still draw electrons as colored dots.
Keep that in mind next time you hold cell phone next to your head
14:01 notice how the Poynting vector moves away from the "bulb" until the current travels around the wire with the vector going across the gap and away from the bulb
You are a bright spark.
there was no need to apologize because the focus of your first video was not about the stupid experiment with the light bulb. It was about the idea that electricity is flowing through the power lines which its not. its flowing through the electrical field. I have no physics, electrical engineering background and i easily understood the concept. it primarily electric nerds focusing on inconsistencies instead of the overall message.
Wouldn’t this be easier to test if you just put a 1 second delay in the circuit? Or would the field cover the delay too fast and the bulb wouldn’t have energy until after the delay was done?
It would seem then that if you cut the wire at the furthest point @ 1/2 ly away, the bulb would still turn on in 1/c seconds, since that location on the wire won't be impacted by the circuit coming online before 1/c seconds passes. Is that true?
Apologies of the narcissist. "He knew, he just didn't explain it well enough" 😂
His explanation still doesn't explain how nano chips work without shorting out. These circuits are microscopic, so why doesn't the field between all the millions of circuits get the electrons moving and mess up everything?
These are two different phenomena that occur at the same time with a small phase shift, on the one hand there is induction through space, and on the other hand there is conduction through the conductor, it seems to me that not explaining them separately is what creates the confusion. Obviously there will be induction in a separate wire that is not connected to the circuit, but its induced current will be much smaller and will depend on how far it is from the circuit, while the current generated by conduction in the wire connected to the circuit will be much larger.
Amperes measures quantity of electrons over a distance, so Amperes is wrong? How does one quantify an electron field over a distance?
>Repeated use of the Classical Drude Model for conductivity. Electrons don’t literally bump into ions, they’re scattered by phonons.
What is the electric field composed of?
9:55 OMG it's been TWO FULL YEARS i've been wondering about that. Tysmmm  14:19 is, in my case, what glued all the pieces together.   Probably the video I've learned the most from on the platform. Thank you so much for that
too much yapping
nerd battles are so funny
The Algebraic Mesh of 3 Physical Laws Copyright (c) 1999 by Gregory Scott Callen  Einstein * Newton / Coulomb  Entanglement is two objects with mass, charge, or energy interacting. Observation is a second interaction with a third mass, charge, or energy. This creates a pair of particles...  (E=M3cc)*(GM2M1/r/r)/(KQ2Q1/r/r) E=(Gcc/K)(M3M2M1/Q2Q1) E=L*(M^3/Q^2)/(1-vv/cc)^0.5 (1-vv/cc)=(L*M^3/Q^2/E)^2 v=c(1-[L*M^3/Q^2/E]^2)^0.5 d/t=c(1-[L*M^3/Q^2/E]^2)^0.5 t=d/c/(1-[L*M^3/Q^2/E]^2)^0.5  c = 299792458 m / s G = 6.67408e-11 m^3 / kg / s^2 K = 8.9875517923e9 kg * m^3 / s^2 / C^2  L = Gcc/K = 6.673981e-4 (m*C/kg/s)^2  X = L*M^3/Q^2/E  if X < 1 time is what we typically experience if X = 1 time is infinite in other words the universe stops for the object if X > 1 time is imaginary, if this is backward who can say?  X = 6.673981e-4 ( m * C / kg / s )^2 * (90 kg)^3 / (9 C)^2 / 6 J ≈ 1 m / s t = d / c / ( 1 - X^2 )^0.5 = ∞ ( infinity )  These numbers look easy to achieve.
I still dont get it...!!!
People still argue over how electricity works?   Does that mean we still dont know how electricity works?
I love this video because i dont know half of what is going on, but i hope i will eventually learn enough to understand it
Maybe I'm stupid, as I did not understand a thing.
What if the wires were well-insulated? And I understand it's a thought experiment, but the illustrative demonstration showed insulated wires and I think most people don't think of a wire as bare copper.
Electronics - where the more you learn, the more you realize you know nothing.
Have you heard of antenna, radio, etc...? This is basic high school stuff. Everyone knows that there is a electric  field around the wire and your experiment is misleading, flawed, I would argue that it is even stupid. More harm than good for educational purposes.  This and previous video is basically clickbait and missing the point. I think author saw he was wrong in his silly experiment and started to tweak conclusions and ideas in this video, to make it somewhat reasonable, but it fails.  Explaining science is not for everyone - this will just confuse most people since it is focusing on irrelevant stuff and not explaining why wires are used, he was just modifying narrative for his primitive experiment.  Initial false claims, bulb cannot power up, not enough energy in diluted electric field, otherwise whole house would be glowing as soon as there is an electric field.  If you want to education and help people understand it - why don't you mention/explain the most important stuff: - how energy from electric field is diluted with distance in the air (and your bulb example is flawed because of it) - why do we need charge carriers/medium for electricity (wires) - how antenna works - wireless charging, you briefly mentioned it and that we do not need wires at all, again hiding the main point, to suit your narrative
Speed of causation is the speed of light, basic of physics.  No exceptions, no tricks, no mind games, no talk.
I'm an electronic engineer.  Due to your idea of proving something, lots of point of views came out, and I could say we are all amazed by the way nature really works. Lots of credit & respect to your channel!!
We've got veritasium vs electro boom before gta 6
😍
can you make a video to explain more about the difference and relationship between the magnetic field and the electric field? or maybe just more on electromagnetic waves?
this is old stuff, Nikola Tesla already knew this and invented the ac electricity and wireless power transmission way back 1910 think about that  : 1910 and here we are  debating about it in 2022, there are people in many generation never had awarenes to learn
this video sucks, makes no intuitive sense, this dude just thinks every visualization and concept that makes sense is a "miSconCepTi0n" why is there a deficiency at 10:31 ? The conductor has to have electrons too, did the electrons disappear? Stupid video, all these comments are saying it makes sense, but its all ambiguous garbage
Wow as someone who used to study electronics, I thought I knew how electrical current works. It’s more complicated than I thought
Soo... bulb receive some energy at the speed of light because 'waves' It's measurable, which means it can be gated. So you could use this to simplify data transmission across gaps? Say long data line going 'around' an obstacle, but having gates at the closest part of the gap measuring that field instead of waiting for the full current to propagate around the circuit. Could we use this effect to transmit data 'through' the earth at speed of light instead of around the earth? (it's my understanding a strait line is shorter than a curved one)
I've always asked, how does the lightbulb know the circuit is closed? This implies information travelling faster than the speed of light. Edit: oh
Bravo!    Bravo ! Bravo This was so amazing!!!!! Thank you for all your hard work!
😮
Виконайте цей тест, але щоб частина провідника з резистором була через петлю протилежно направлена від даної, і якщо першонапруга стане від'ємною то це просто магнітна індукція, а не магічне перенесення елетроенергії через простір
All you had to say was that the current is induced in the bulb. You missed all the major points and still pretending that you didn't make a mistake.
What is the reason that they have to place their experiment so high that they need a ladder to work on it?
Causality at the 12:58 mark is a waaaayyyyy different topic. Causality is going to be a very hot button very soon for many physicists
Perfect.  Now, the question: why does physics not recognize that electric fields embody mass?   Right?  The energy is embodied in the field.  Energy = mass x speed of light squared.  Ergo field has mass.   I've actually been running simulations on this concept, and they correlate with: electron movement goes in the direction that reduces total mass of the combined electric fields (mass goes as square of field strength.. so lower overlap == less mass).   FYI, would love to talk to interested people about exploring the consequences of this observation.
Brain is not braining😢
May be tesla is right for wireless electricity
@congress learn from this be more like this
In the graphic shown at 5:51, they show a symmetrical distribution of charge in the circuit on either side of the load.  However, if a switch is placed very close to one end of the battery and held open (let's say the negative end), then would we see the same symmetric charge distribution about the load?  I'd think not.  Given what they're saying in the video, the battery's positive terminal would bias the charge of the entire circuit positive, even the load, with only the very short conductor distance between the negative end of the battery to the closely placed switch, wouldn't it?  And, what if the switch DPST style, with a very big gap between the contacts?  Would this affect the response witnessed at the load?
I’m rewatching this at least once in a year
So glad he made this video to explain because the i was so lost after the first one. But now i can attest that I am still just as confused. 😅
Greate animation to show the thinking and knowledge. BTW, do anyone know what tool the animation is made by?
Got it! The end of the battery with the bump goes towards the + sign.
very cool demo!  But...WHAT are power grids doing??? We are made to think that they are producing power and sending it via wires... what are they really doing and why do we lose powers in some places due to "grid overload"?
At 11:30 the vectors of the electric field are placed in a loop, but that's different from what we see in the following simulation. I suppose the latter is the correct one, and Derek was a bit hasty in creating the graphics. Great job apart from that!
this is mind blowing
This video is really instructive to me, a huge thank you. I hope one day we will meet us to talk about physic and electricity. But for now, I need to learn and to practice a lot 🙂
19:38 NO WONDER PEOPLE YELLED AT IT... 20:07 well maybe, JUST MAYBE DONT STRECH THE WIRES TO THE MOON and use some very low resistance wires too. Well i quit even before the end.  I still had to speed up the video because most of it is just electronic """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""lesson"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" AND NOT THE ACTUAL EXPERIMENT...ah...wasting my time here looking at some battery, animatiton, light whatever mumbo-jumbo...
22:18 what? its not a mistake  you have made that video keeping in mind that there are  12 th grade kids who watch you video  you are too good for this society sir!!
appreciate the fact that you are really calm and composed  and channeld all your energy in clarifying your words insted of just arguing 😊
Derek is a brilliant, humble guy.  I love listening to his explainations.
traduz pros brasileiros ai pra gente sair da selva
This video really charges me up !
i just love how this guy explains stuff.
Thanks
22:12 Is a tie that looks like a burnt piece of toast in style now :P  jk Great Video!
a better analogy is that a battery is a unit with unstable polarization being introduced into a a electrically 'satisfied' circuit, so therefore it flows to bring back equilibrium
Atom 1: Bro, I think I lost an electron! Atom 2: ARE YOU POSITIVE? 💀
Me I have zero diploma's about electricity but it has always interested me deeply. About 40 years ago, my then father in law asked me what it was that made a lightbulb light up, and I had to think, then I thought I knew the answer, the atoms, electrons in a cable gets triggered through the electrical load of the powersource, but not the kind of trigger that makes the cable move around, it is on a very small level, atom level. So, was I right then?
Metal SURFACE electrons move much faster than electrons in the metal BULK conduction band, that is how electric circuits actually work, but we never learn this at school, not even at universities. Metal surface electrons can have a velocity close to the speed of light, and are described as FREE electrons that move in a 2D space.   A piece of metal that is electrical neutral still has many ultra rapid surface electrons that can travel with almost the speed of light, so when metal is connected to a voltage source (plus or minus battery terminal for instance) it will receive extra surface electrons (minus voltage) or it will give away surface electrons (plus voltage) in a very short time interval. A surface charge imbalance spreads with almost the speed of light over the metal surface, for instance a long copper wire, and this is the reason a light bulb switches on or off so quickly, which has nothing to do with the speed of a TEM wave.  A piece of metal that isn't electrical neutral has an excess or a lack of surface electrons, and then it carries a 'monopole' voltage with respect to infinity (radial electric field lines perpendicular to the metal surface). Many people overlook the 'monopole' wire voltage when considering the Poynting vector of power transport parallel to metal wire.   Since metal has non-zero ohmic resistance at room temperature, the density of surface electrons must have a gradient in a closed circuit that carries electric current. The electron density gradient at the metal surface is necessary to create an electric field parallel to the current that causes the bulk electrons to flow, and that that compensates for the metal bulk ohmic resistance.  I hope my comment helps to understand how electricity (in circuits) works.
Awesome video, this really helped me understand maxwells equations better
Electric flowes through the bulb
We are blessed to have you. You’re like the antidote to the plague of misinformation, taken at the highest strength prescription possible. Such a relief to watch these videos… and even better is seeing how many followers and views you have.
Thanks Derek
The wires in this experiment are not one meter apart. If they were, the induced current would be much smaller. I have no problem with the obvious point he's making about fields, I have a problem with the "when will the bulb light up" terminology. Any bulb that would light up from the induced current over the meter gap would realistically blow, not shine brighter, when the full power of the circuit reaches it. So, assuming you picked a suitable bulb for your light year  circuit, it would totally not even flicker from the induced current.
I am now more confused about electricity than i ever have been in my life
Hello, first I apologize for my basic english. I would like to point out what I think is the reason for the difference in the initial response (faster and low intensity) and the permanent regime current, it is due to the medium permeability, the field wave reaches the led trough the void (lower permeability) while the main current in channeled trough the wire (higher permeability). Hope this thoghts adds some to the matter.
Solve it in MMA fight pls
And you need to take that first video off, because it is serious disinformation. Be responsible.
Can you please explain me about why can the bulb still turn on without closing the switch at 13:30 seconds?
The surface charge of a carpet lol. It probably has its own magnetic field also.
How about the electrons that flow through our bodies? Can you simulate the fields we give off?
Sonic I ran a wire a light year long to a distant place in space could you send messages by closing and opening the circuit starting and stopping the field that would reach the target faster than light?
Well, like the first video, he really fudges the whole thing by, in this instance, putting a 1K resistor as load. Yeah you will get a much magnified voltage from that resistor from a very small induced current. He was criticized from many saying it would be a really small bit of initial electricity and he tried to make it seem as if it was actually a significant amount... enough to _actually_ light a real light bulb... well 0.014 amps will get your smallest LED to glow a bit, but _again_ like the original video, he baits and switches, because the load in the experiment has a 1K resistor, which makes the voltage spike up large with little push. If he had that LED bulb in the setup, it would not light, as there would not be enough voltage to show up on even that nice oscilloscope he has there. ...ugh... it's just so dishonest. Why can't he just be straight about anything here.
همه ی  شما  اشتباه  میکنید  حرکت الکترون  در  مدار  این طور که شما  فکر  میکنید  نیست ..یک روز  میام  و این موضوع  را حل میکنم..ولی نمیدونم اون  روز کی فرا خواهد  رسید
I think this video brings to light two very important aspects of the scientific process. Failure & community.   Failure is necessary to improve our understanding of any idea. The First attempt is always usually a failure, however, it gives us the gift of data to start iterating our way toward the right answer. Our society would benefit greatly from no longer shying away from failures, and celebrating them as a necessary valuable aspect of the process of learning. I appreciate this video because if he would have avoided his mistake, we wouldn't have gotten to experience this more in depth explanation of these concepts.   The second aspect I think we should be celebrating is community. Our world would benefit greatly from our celebrating our shared interest in science, and education. Celebrating each other for making educational content. And I personally believe the best way to celebrate this community is engaging each others work, even if there is nothing wrong with it. Often, the most engagement comes from attempts to prove each other wrong. We all benefit from evolving the scope of our engagement with each others content based on the scientific process by reproducing each other's experiments just for the sake of engagement. Attempting to make them better, or changing the parameters of the experiments to add to the conversation.
What's the point to even discuss about 14mW created by  induction for a circuit with a load that requires lets say 5W?? What is the point to have this experiment to prove that eventually an already being  proven theory and calculations and formulas can describe how electricity works?  Help me here cuz i can't really understand this.
We're all adults. Why did you use the term "ZILLIONS".  Why not quadrillions up to decillions or 10 to some power if the number was bigger than that.  Was zillions used because the amount referred to is not calculable?
I think I missed it but can someone explain why wires have the negative and positive surface charge and what causes the gradient
I love that the explainer for this is three times longer than the original video. But it seems that you've taken the lesson to heart and go into a lot more detail in your videos now
Your two videos reminded me of another lie commonly told in school: that matter is largely empty space because atomic nuclei are so small.   It is rare to find anyone mentioning that electrons are just excitations in the electron field, photons excitations in the electric field and so on. Almost no interpretation of QM or QFT would claim that a "particle" has a position until it is measured.   In short, space-time is filled with fields, and all this particle talk is a matter of convenience when it's convenient.   A similar paradoxical result occurs when a solenoid is placed near the output side of the slits in the dual slit experiment with electrons. By rights, the B-field is contained completely within the solenoid and should not affect the results; however, the experiment shows a shift in the interference pattern. The vector A-field is outside the solenoid, which is the source of the change. This is why QED involves the A-field and the e-field.   I recall being asked by a 4-th year physics professor to explain the meaning of the A-field. I babbled and only understood what he wanted years later. It might be fun to redo your circuit analysis, which you did using the E-field and the Poynting vector with the A-field.   Anyway, enough of me babbling again.
DO ONE ON VOLTAGE DROP.!!!!!      (using the same theory and animations) loved the vids
Electrochemical cell... hows that work without the charges in the solution
I found the frequent mention of "surface electrons" confusing. An electron's behavior should be no different on the surface of a conductor than in the center of a conductor. If current capacity is proportional to a conductor's cross-sectional area, how does that fit into the model? I find myself left with more questions than answers.
Can you apply all this to a lightning strike and explain the different flows and fluxez?
Does anyone video refuse to play normally? It keeps pausing
I have a question if someone still reading the comment section. According to the theory of charge distribution arround the wire core that is explained in this video, How the distribution of charge in a wire with huge core size like 2 meter in diameter  will affect the current flow , taking into consideration the same battery and the same bulb used in this demo. Will the current flow be the same as for a small core size like millimeter, or since the charges are distributed too far from the core center the magnetic field will weaken and the current flow also will weaken.
Yeah no wonder I hear buzzing all the time
This is true (i was the magnetic field)
Totally stupid question. Would it be possible, assuming earth was a huge battery, to recharge our weakening magnetic field? If we, all of us, didn't use power during a solar storm? Because if a Carrington event caused power surges, could it also re-energize our weakening magnetic field?
What if instead of 1m distance between the Power supply and the light bulb was much larger, say 100km. Would then the field dissipate in those 100km and not turn the light on "immediately"?
@9:55 what lattice?
what if we put the bulb inside a metal box to shield it from the electric fields?
You're a good teacher
What happenes if the switch is at another location than the bulb. Would the light bulb not turn on or would it take much longer
So why didnt you just make the video 10 seconds long and say that its 1/c because of induction through the varying waves
No no no..  The distance actually matters
Think of the wire as something as always having energy but having negative and positive at the same time, when you connect the battery the instantly define which side is the negative and positive, remember, if you have a set of wire and magnet 🧲 the movement on the magnet arrange the electrons and Tadaaaa, energy is created, not battery needed!!!
Make the circuit a circle instead of a rectangle and see if there’s a difference.
I nominate ben for nobel prize
Did you do the experiment with that incomplete circuit at the edge (13:23 on this video) and got the expected result?
Very well thought Out thought experiment 21:18
Well done! We learn from INTERACTIONS with each other. Clarifications and BETTER explanations arise out of---guess what?---dialogue. The end result not only justifies the confused beginning, but it also overshadows it---sort of like an electro-magnetic field overshadows energy transmission (with the help of circuitry). No?
Seeing is believing 🙂 It was the transmission line diagram that did it for me.
After 2 years still not convinced yet😂😂😂😂
IMPORTANT!!! Is this the reason why EMPs work so well? Creates a pulse/field that overwhelms near by inputs and circuits? Would love a follow up with this! I think we need more conversations on how electricity work and make it more common.
This is why you hire an electrician to do your house wiring, a couple of electrical engineer graduates to do your factory wiring and multiple electrical engineer Phd professors to do your whole country grid. Thank you Derek.
Right on time, brother, right on time !
KNOWN FACTS ABOUT⚡️:  - Benjamin Franklin invented⚡️ - Timothy Edison invented wired⚡️ - Nicholas Tesla invented wireless⚡️ - 🇺🇸 up 3-0 vs. 🌎 in⚡️
I read the comments on the previous vid and I’m so confused why don’t people understand it, or even worse he got call out by numbers or those “EXPERT” about  “a bit misleading“ here is a different or being a scientist and a science communicator, it’s just like when you learn about gravity in your primary or middle school they just demonstrate you with a thin fabric with bigger ball in the center and smaller ball rolling around it which is not how it actually work in real life cuz we are in 3d not 2d, do you not considered that a misleading? it the same thing sometimes you have to cut off all the details or people will get bored from a ton of information or get confused by it
not gonna lie, veritasium, in the current day, looks life he does not sleep anymore. Here he looks more upbeat. Great video!
😁🤣i like this war.....🤣🤣
14:23 I thought continuous charging with this method (induction) could only be done with AC not DC 🤔
I have question lets talk about the moment just after the switch was closed, the electrons had no speed so the magnetic field around the wire was EXACTLY zero. According to Poynting's vector energy transferred = BxE=0.  Then how was energy able to transfer to the stationary electron?
Would this work as an explanation? How I imagine it is like a web with forces instead of strands effecting the electrons in all directions running down the  circuit when the battery connects the excited electrons in the battery excite the electrons in the wire which move in all directions effecting the electrons next to them immediately. So if one part of the web of electrons moves all of the electrons move to compensate. Am I beginning to understand?
What creates the surface charge?
How about repeating this experiment with shielded wires 2 meters apart?
following this, wouldn’t you get chocked when getting close to a live wire? Even with insulation?
The other YouTubers were wrong
How does charging a battery actually work then? Electrons are getting stored or some other electric field magic?
Please define Propagation delay and Velocity Factor.
When veritasium gets pissed, and brings the big guns
Is anyone able to help me make a brief discription of this targetd to elementary school students? I asked ChatGPT for help and it still says its pushing electrons across the lightbulb. ChatGPT: When the switch is closed, the electric field established by the battery causes electrons to flow through the circuit. The electrons' movement constitutes an electric current, which transfers energy from the battery to the lightbulb. The lightbulb's filament resists the flow of electrons, converting electrical energy into light and heat. Maxwell's equations describe the underlying behavior of the electric and magnetic fields involved in this process, explaining how the energy is transmitted and transformed in the circuit.
this guy is a ass hat when it comes to this
The electromagnetic energy (including heat) is transferred in the field (Poynting Vector). The same to the G-Field. Here "continuously", in so far as you can't switch it off ! (Gravity is not for free: GR+TD) See Universe and Large Numbers between ....research gate
nickola tesla explained this over 125 years ago...
Volt is pressure orient the vibration of proton and depending on pressure guide efficiency of flow and resistance determine heat piezoelectric is how to use stable material contrast to environment create differential of pressure and high frequency even sun light frequency can be detected by piezoelectric in citizen eco-drive wrist watch
Inside the neon bulb different from L.E.D.
Can flat surface wire reduce signal leak compare to round wire ?
There is hidden frequency as background and some light bulb does not work without that hidden frequency . that is why not all Light bulb created equal so when background can affect some light bulbs and not others depending on manufacturer
So... A light bulb is able to glow in an open circuit as long as its power source is close enough to it?   O.O
so it's mean that if a light is far far away the switch the light is not gonna turn on ?
I have noticed that LED flashlights cause a sigificantly different depletion in the individual batteries in their supply. I did not notice this with incandescent bulbs. I have not really taken the time to identify, if it's the more positive or negative battery. I have just learned that I can make them go longer by swapping their positions occasionally.   I noticed the difference when I would test the batteries as the light seemed dimmer.  I typically use two and three cell, AAA, or AA flashlights. Do you think the leakage current to blame?  It was very fun to come across your video.
Can you show us you can turn a lightbulb with a disconnected wire?
Yeah just repeating what they been taught
He right because nobody really knows they just tell u they know
surely  a great insight on how electrical energy flows in circuits and also clearing doubts from your previous video made the concept a whole lot clearer!
Great content, great didactics and great scientific attitude! Thank you sooooo much! Lovely!
If electrons return to the battery, then why does the battery eventually die down?
If you ever doubt that the energy is in the fields just ask yourself why does light travel slower in FR4 than in air.
With this one now I really understand the topic, my mind was blown
So, you said, the lamp will light up even with a broken circuit. This is groundbreaking news!
📢 So electrons can go on the outside of the wire, but not on the inside? Well that's bullsh!t.
I find it hilariouswhen these other channels who go crazy over this after he proves it- ...silence...
Somebody send this to Terrance Howard
The conductor has a potential that once voltage is applied it won't matter the distance between source and load energy transmission is instant
Are you saying, that the light will turn on faster if it's mounted very close to the switch, then if the light were mounted at the farthest end of the circuit from the switch ?
It's disappointing though that the car battery/light bulb system in the previous video wasn't even remotely real, and that you think it's fine that it wasn't and that we should have understood that it wasn't... To me that's pretentious and dishonnest. I had NO IDEA that the light bulb was supposed to turn on a little bit, then turn on fully after watching your first video. It wasn't explained at all, and it's no wonder that people got mad about it. I also understand why you use "1/c" and not "d/c" because if you defined d as the distance between light and switch, then intuitively most people would have seen "d/c" and been like "hmmmm that must be the right answer then". You knew that, and you knew you HAD TO BE deceitful for people to not get the correct answer. In my opinion, from someone that is trying to educate people the best he can, that is pretty bad. That's making fun of and disrespecting your audience. As a scientist myself, it would never occur to me to use my knowledge to be so deceitful and trick people like that, then enjoy it. It's just... weird.
Im pretty sure 2 mins in i know the premise of the video. Dimensions do put things in perspective.
There is no such thing as "electric field" in reality, and electrons and atoms are fantom perceptions like viruses from the religion called science! Enjoy the energy field in the echo chamber! 😁
5:46  10:15
Derek is more correct than we give him credit for. pwnd
His is how directed energy weapons work….as I discretely put on my tinfoil hat
I have done electrical work 32 years.  This isn’t what my Grandpa was teaching then!!!!😂😂😂😂  So is Superconducting Power Stations coming online next week???
This is shocking
So I’m no expert here but - if computers translate electricity into data - is this basically like another way of explaining how the idea for quantum computing began or am way off here ?
It seems like saying the people you are wrong is some what hard even for you and you made a whole new video to tell this again.
You flip a switch
So, from what I could get, the lightbulb experiment is more a consequence of the way circuits actually works instead of being related to it more strictly. The fields still need to travel (I don't know if it's the right word) around the wires, but since it's a field it can also travel between wires and manage to move electrons wirelessly. Correct me if I'm wrong
Terrence Howard has definitely watched this video
💀 bro politely destroyed them
The results were shocking😮
I love this, The internet is the best "CALL OUT" - Love you brother.  Keep up the great science.
Wow
So with 3 Lbulbs, A, B, C... “A” being your 1m load and B & C at the farthest ends of the loop, the A bulb would  light before and B&C both light latter and at the same time..  with the  “classical” view the lighting order would be .... B...A...C.   And if it were a perfect circle, A would light up last, with no “half light” before.??
This channel too smart for me. Unsubscribed
2:01 Nitpicky af
Wow this was really eye opening...  we really don't  know how electricity works...still.
IVE BEEN THINKING ABOUT THIS, what if the lightbulb was covered in ferreday cages?? Would it take longer?
Team captain vs team iron man ,I am on science side ,but I don't understand it ,so keep explaining
I have trouble understanding the explanation. Consider the following configuration. Two light bulbs A and B mounted touching together on a table. A is on the left, B is on the right. A is connected to a 10V battery Ax 1m to the right of B. B is connected to a 5V battery Bx 1m to the left of A. In order for the field to travel from Ax to A it must pass thru B. Same deal for B and Bx. By the explanation given it would suggest each bulb is subject to energy transferred from both batteries and therefore have similar brightness? This is not the case. Bulb A will have twice the brightness if brightness is proportional to battery voltage. I would also like someone to describe how all this works with a circuit consisting of resistors, capacitors, transistors etc.
Want to know how this affects moores law
ANSYS is an awesome software that I wish I have had the experience to use. Apparently it is popular for EMC designers in the PCB world.
I am confused about the impedance calculations of the wires. Impedance is complex, consisting of both resistance and reactance. Reactance being both capacitive and inductive reactance. So the impedance solution would yield both a real resistive component and an imaginary reactive component. Is the value of 550 shown the magnitude being the square root of the sum of the squared resistive and reactive components? What about the phase angle contributions in this long loop due to the change in parasitic capacitance? You cannot necessarily claim that all these values are constant throughout. Also consider the capacitance between the switch contacts. This gets complex though because you are using DC and not AC. But the question is not in the DC steady state and is focusing on the transient response in DC.
does oscillating fields come from the ground or porous material in general?  is there a difference?
I looked at this video and the 1st one around 10x each. I have a master degree in organic chemistry and a good understanding of physics, but I still don't understand anything. I accept the results, but since I was a kid, I try to follow what Einstein said, "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough", and to be honnest, I feel like none of you (even people criticizing the 1st video) really understand what you are talking about....
If you took the battery out of your phone, then I'd still be able to hear you? @Veritasium
What do you mean in here 13:26 by saying that the bulb will turn on even if the circuit is breaked is it possible
13:33 Then why doesn't lights all over my house turn on when I press 1 single lightswitch? 13:33
This is Sheldon vs Kripke in real life. 😎 Joking aside, this is super interesting and at the same time complicated. I didn't understand almost anything, but Veritasium calls for re-studying physics, even if it is a high school version! That, not even the Nobel Prize winners have achieved it.
Humans: "current flow, me like". Meanwhile AI is taking over the world 😂
I would be interested to see this experiment done with the same voltage but with a variable frequency instead of 60HZ like maybe a few terahertz or petahertz.
It seems to me that the electromagnetic field creates the tracks that the electrons can follow in an organized fashion. 🤔🤷‍♂️
Wired should get this man a slot.
And for second, It reminded Tesla a lot in the middle and obviously i know the Limitations,flaws, potential hazards and stuff about the model and anyway it's a different debate altogether.
Now this is really something great And obviously appreciable more than what is being But this very topic and concept it can't be either convinced or understood totally in a single video as itself it is way subtle and intriguingly doubt provoking as just presence and availability of many appliances and transmissions around almost everyone.
Correct me if I am wrong. In a closed circuit, an overall electric field is established within the conductor, influencing the atomic-level electric fields almost at the speed of light. This orchestrates the flow of electrons toward the positive terminal. If this field is altered by factors such as temperature or magnetic fields, the flow of electrons will be affected as well.
Thus antennas work?
This video does not demonstrate the Poynting vector.  It shows a current induced on the load side and it uses Maxwell's equations.
Did you know that many Universities (in the United States) have eliminated most course requirements for Maxwell's Equations classes? One can graduate from Electrical and Computer Engineering without a class focused on Maxwell's equations or Transmission Lines or Remote Sensing. Also can graduate in Electrical and Computer Engineering without a class in semiconductor device physics. So there is now a huge demand for Electromagnetics and Semiconductors and Software. But the only one of the three that tends to be required in engineering curriculum in the US is software. So maybe we might think about demanding of our accreditors of institutions of higher learning - that we stop making college easy and start making it sensible. I am not sure this shortfall in teaching important information can be made up for by giving money to dying companies through the chips act or forgiving student debt for college that did not pay for itself in the value of the learning.
What’s 2+2 … yep I’m smart
No! The answer is 0 seconds, no passage of time. Quantum Electrodynamics. When the battery becomes an emitter of photons quantum tells us that there is a probability (however small) that a photon travels to the lightbulb, releasing its energy with no passage of time. You are using field equations and wave theory to discuss light which is purely quantum. Light is always a particle and Never a wave! This has been known since the 1970s and is why Richard Feynman was famous.  If the photon had enough energy it would instantly light up the bulb even if the bulb wasn't in the circuit! Photons do whatever they want. It's not spooky action at a distance, it's quantum. You are attempting to link Einstien and quantum which is what we are all working on without success.
Honestly. Thank this guy for highlighting this. Last year when I was getting into Electronics. I was convinced that there was something awkward about the explanations of how electricity actually worked in relation to the circuits.
Wrong title “How Battey works “.
If it doesn’t make sense it may be false..
This is Narcissistic dude . Doesn’t make sense  will spin you around to make him right.
If copper wire sells for $0.22 per foot, it would take over $216,000,00 to order a light second of wire
is it possible to use gas to substitute wire, so we can see how the electron moves? lol
Good job.
Still too confusing for me 😢
Scientists VS Engineers
The first video was in no way a mistake, I immediately understood the point right there. I think that those who did not understand or did not wanted to understand were not able to appreciate the effort of abstraction that you proposed, and which was necessary to pose the problem. Their failure was ironically beneficial, prompting the second video, which expounded on the subject in greater details, making the explanation and illustration even better. So yes, everything could have been in the first video, but there is sincerely nothing to apologize for trying to shed light on the subject. It was the best explanation I saw that far. The work and content of the first video was already very good, and the response given to easy criticism by the second is of exemplary dignity, honesty and rigor. For all this, I sincerely thank you.
Follow up question: why do we get shocked on the hot and not(usually) the neutral in a circuit?
Thumbs up if your backpack in HS had wheels on it...
Wow thank you for this incredible lesson!
this is one of the best videos I've ever seen.
In one of your videos you claim that a stationary charge near a wire does not experience any force when current flows in the wire. In this video you show that the electric field in the wire is a result of surface charges meaning there is electric field outside the wire and if so why doesn’t a stationary charge experience any force? What am I missing?
Being an electrician, I use the lumped together stuff all the time. You have to, you have a job to do and it gets things done. But I've also done plenty dealing with Eddy current and working near high voltage transmission lines and never thought it was a debate in understanding it's the electrical field carrying 'current'. If not, then how would a voltage ticker be to detect current through non-conductive materials. Lol But I'm also a nerd and most people I work with don't get it because they don't care
So can we light a bulb by just bringing it near the battery of a circuit similar to the bulb connected in the circuit
You inadvertently gave the best explanation for inrush current!
So both the shepherd’s and the sheepdogs’ commands are communicating at the speed of light? And the movement of the sheep (while slow) generates the thermal energy to heat up the bulb’s filament? Would this mean that it’s not how far or how fast the sheep (electrons) move, but how fast they are receiving the commands of the sheepdogs (electric field)?
You tell em.  I've noticed textbooks tend to do a poor job.  Maybe we need cash prize awards for them.
It’s just trying to dissipate. More load more stored energy ready to dissipate. Spinning magnets and a key on a kite.
The wires are not separate from the power supply. Neither are loads when connected
Scientists arguing is always the best😂
As a consumer in this field I can say I’m too dumb 🤷🏻‍♂️
That is so incredible bizarre, interesting, and so very cool!!!
Fascinating. Also, way over my head.
Well, the video shows exactly how electricity works.
4:46 I don't fully agree. I mean, if you average over a few atoms like you described, then yes, the average will be extremely close to 0, _but, I would argue, it would still technically not quite be 0._ Think about how fast the change in drift velocity of electrons occurs in electrical wires, it changes at near light speeds, so if you apply a voltage between the ends of a wire, it takes next to no time at all for the electrons to begin drifting, add that to the fact that the drift velocity itself is extremely slow (even to us) and absurdly slow relative to the near light speed of the change in drift velocity, and this creates the perfect storm of conditions to hide the "bunching" and "thinning" of electrons that would occur right at the battery leads or power source. Think of it like the speed of sound in a long rod of a very stiff substance, where the speed of sound is the light-speed drift velocity delay, and the speed you are pushing the object is the drift velocity itself. if you were to push it slowly, and the substance had a high speed of sound (which is the physical equivalent to electrons in a wire), then as you push the rod, before any visible deformation (bunching-up or widening) could occur on your end, the rod would equalize that force and motion would be transferred all the way to the end of the rod, same goes for pulling. relating that to electricity, the electron cloud in metal wires is like a very stiff and dense solid with a high speed of sound that does not deform easily, and since the amount that it deforms is the physical equivalent to a concentration gradient of electrons forming in the wire (a bunching-up at one end and a thinning-out at the other) therefore you don't find a noticeable gradient. but its still there, its just so imperceptibly small that you cant see it much of the time.
It genuenly makes no sence to me that the electric field is that big and can send energy though air like that without beeing connected but that not messing with our computers / not beeing used by them (asfar as im aware) if enough energy is beeing transfered to light a bulb how doesnt turning stuff on and off not mess with electronic devices?
Wish you guys had a “control” for this experiment. Should have had an identical resistor on another wire on the other side that wasn’t connected. To see the difference. Would that also see the initial jump in voltage? Would the jump be identical?
Now I know less about how electricity works
Wait, so the light bulb can light up even if the circuit is open? I'm guessing this would only be temporary because of the length of the wire, because a short wire that's open wouldn't be able to carry any electric current thus no electric field right?
how about not laying those 2 conductors connecting the voltage source and the resistor in parallel to minimize inductive coupling? If one would lay them in a giant figure of 8 - a infinity symbol so to say with the resistor being at a right angle to the battery what do we see? A smaller voltage caused by the out of wire fields?
This is great science.
I allways strugle to understand how circuits are design and why there are a million parts in random places.. it all makes sense now that we know that the elektromagnetic fields creates the energy. Also makes sense now why my monitor turns on and off when my speaker is on (i bound the cables together)  Thank you, i now finaly understand cuircuit design.
So, you mean if I were to connect two wires from a battery to a bulb and then very near it, I keep bulb connected to two sides of one wires, and that Bulb will light up? Somewhat it's still very confusing and a bit of nonsense 😅
Wow... as a truck driver I have zero credentials.. Here is a challenge for you. I drive an old truck, my company was asked to install a radio so I could listen to all the bad news while I drive around. However the intellectuals that installed it have not put in a ground wire I am assuming. as whenever I drive near or under high voltage towers I get a massive Hissing. To my untrained brain this says electric magnetic interference. (Probably incorrect) However My thoughts were. If this field exists and is constant as it appears to be then would there be a way to connect to the grid and power a house or for that matter a suburb by utilizing this field and using it to stimulate the required power for everything in a home or ... multiple homes....? I am thinking large copper poles in the vicinity of the power lines but not actually in any way connected. If you are correct that the field is the stimuli then my thinking is that thus would be possible. I shall subscribe and hope yo see the answer... its a nice thought as it would save millions of dollars in connecting. :)
People are continuing to believe this nonsense. . .   Just think for a moment. . . How do you think the controls in car wiring work, or the current in transistors and IC's and Microprocessors used in computers. . .  The current flows in the wires and in the relevant conductive paths in the chips.. . NOT by external Fields, that is totally nonsense. Ah.!
I am planning to enroll in an EE course college, I've been binge watching your vids haha
How come we need a hot and neutral wire then, assuming you are correct that a circuit need not be complete for a current to be induced?
Without the electrons there would be no energy transfer between the battery and the bulb. Same for the eletric and magnetic fields. Neither of those elements by themselves do the job so saying that the fields do it is as wrong as saying that the electrons do it.  Taking an even deeper consideration, the electrons are not just moving negative charges, they are also part of the fields. Not only that you wouldn't be able to transfer energy without the elctrons, but both the electric and magnetic field would be completely different if they weren't there at all. Because they're part of it.  At 4:48 he is saying that electrons don't push each other through the circuit because if you look close enough the average charge density inside the conductor is 0. But if everywhere inside the conductor the charge density is 0 and you have the battery pushing charge from one end, the only way for it to stay 0 is the electrons push eachother in order to maintain that local charge density to 0.
electricity when measured is using vector, if perhaps instead as electrical charges.  if the question of impedance is a reality then why not start as:  factor impedence: [ -vw-f1 -equilibrium ]  when area is charged with electrical charges to determine impedance vw in equilibrium?  the argument is not then continuity as when impedance is already factored.
20:20 amazing dedication
And still I see so many wrong comments. . .  How the hell do you think the signals in your CAR wiring work? ? ..    NO they can't work in fields outside the wires. . . They work by moving electrons INSIDE the wires, moving electrons, are part of the Copper atoms, that is part of the conductor.. .   So many blind people out there.
AlphaPhoenix is king when it comes to explaining this stuff.  What is the point of having the wires connected at all if you get the same effect with disconnected wires? That initial move of electrons from the fields would happen regardless if the wires are connected, right? Unless you have massive voltage, this effect is negligible and won't turn on any light bulbs. Very misleading way of presenting this information about fields.
Man it must be hard being one of the smartest people on YouTube (not being sarcastic)
If that is to be true, then a battery should have no problem conducting energy by miles, which it doesn't. Loses energy
Man I just learned what the heck a magnetic field is. My brain is melting
Every day is another analogy, one better than the last...it continues.  Give me the math.
i really liked the simulations!!
Brilliant. Thanks. I much prefer to know and understand the actual mechanisms that underpin the shortcuts and simplifications. To me I've always found that the actual way that things work is actually simpler than the simplifications because until I know what's happening the shortcuts and simplifications just leave a lot of questions. This video well explained a great phenomena of nature and physics.
6:54 I would like to correct your circuit diagram that shows the surface charge density,  The correction is that at the parts of wire where the wire physically bends, there is a change in the direction of the electric field inside the wire and hence there must be some extra charge located at that part of the wire Ex: At the bottom right part of the wire there must be some extra negative charge in the inside portion of tge wire and at the outside portion of the wire there must be some deficit in the negative charge
I've had a few close calls in the past, and I've learned the importance of wearing Softgle.
I only now saw this video series. Is there a way to explain what this is doing to our bodies with all the electricity around us all the time? Could this be the reason for cancers? Is there a way to protect yourself? Invisible Electromagnetic and radio waves everywhere!!
I was sooo moved by this remake (and also the original vid) for Veritasium's and everyone else' efforts in discussing about the subtleties of this subject. It's incredibly healthy yet rare to see people open to discussion and more importantly have wrong views/understanding fixed.  That said, I'm not entirely sure whether the idea that Veritasium put out at 6:30 (about surface charge got redistributed instantaneously) was right. As far as I understood (and as the rest of the vid set out to explain), the redistribution of charge (or the propagation of E&M fields) still happens at the speed of light. Not sure if Dr Muller would be able to see this and provide a clarification.
Full water hose vs empty water hose. Time delay to fill hose.
Could have saved time by showing a dissected transformer working 😋
Does field orientation matter? Electrons always go to left of orientation???
I've been trying to tell people since I was 11... I can make every 8ft, - 2.2seconds in 3 dimensional time, traversing in 4D.
The video was interesting, Made sense, the formulas flew right by though. But my question is, what is you are to say exactly? Is it that you have, with others research of course, changed the way we need to teach college students electricity? That one day you'll be one of the dudes people talk about your amazing contributions? This is a serious question by the way, I'd be thrilled if I got a reply.
The fact we have to pay for electricity is just sad and not right
Consider a straight wire being used as a radio transmitter aerial.  It is radiating energy (mostly radially from the center of the wire).  That energy is coming from a source.  If the energy does not go through the wire and then radiated, then the energy it is redirected outside the wire.  How does that work?  (Does electromagnetic radiation not travel in straight lines after all?)
as a software engineer i have no idea why i am watching this video
I think the bulb should turn on instantly. There shouldn’t be a tiny delay. Imagine it as a looped water pipe in which water is flowing in one direction. As soon as you connect the pipe the water flow starts in every place in the loop at the same time even at the point of resistance.
Derek Muller's super-sharp.  I hope he gets his own science series on a cable channel.  Perhaps write some books.  I get more out of his videos than anything by Michio Kaku or Brian Cox.  Muller's not philosophical like Neil DeGrasse Tyson, but clear and to the point.  Muller has a nose for what people are curious about.
All these wonderful simulation look good but it's all just your assumption, it doesn't mean it is the truth. I think if you just keep talking crap long enough we will all start to believe you.  What if the two wires are a long way apart and not within a meter. You just keep talking crap over and over and everyone claps and says how clever you are but no one what the hell you are talking about, not sure if you do either
I get what is being said but it deserves strong scrutiny.  Energy is being radiated and here seems to be some implications for the steady state DC circuit that need explaining ... ... Energy of a photon   =   planks constant   x   frequency      A photon of zero frequency would have zero energy (such is unlikely to exist, but zero energy flow is the implication). ... the radiation does not travel in a straight line. ... power is a vector (not a scalar).  (I think Maxwell's equations are used for the calculations of the transfer of electric and magnetic fields, and consequently current and voltage, without use of, or need to use, the Poynting vector.  The flow of energy is inferred from the Poynting vector equation and association with electromatic radiation, electromagnetic radiation consisting of photons. The Poynting vector shows the direction of travel of photons)
If one knows the concepts of traveling waves in power system networks along with the concepts of electromagnetics, can easily understand this. Microscopic level - Electromagnetics. Macroscopic level - Travelling waves concept.
😊
ans 1s+ 1m/c
Still have no clue what electricity is or how it works.. electricity is nothing but miracle to me.. I won't be ever able to understand electricity and it continues to amazes me
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!  I'm a mech eng who studied circuits in eng school and it never made sense to me!!!!  I was like...well if the electrons drift so slow...what actually carries the charge?  And yet they wanted me to do calculations equating the charge and the electron.  It was so confusing!  It never made sense!  I could do the calcs...but I never had an intuitive grasp of it.  The charge is in the FIELDS!!!!  Now that I have the fundamental building blocks corrected...electical eng does not seem so opaque...and I may take up the study now that I get it!  I guess I should have stuck with Maxwell's equations.  But ME's don't get that deep.  Thank you!!!
it feels like a technicality that the wire is 1 meter appart, wouldnt we get a different answer if the circuit was a cirlce instead of a rectangle?
05:02 How does that disprove that electron movement is not caused by them pushing at each other? At the timestamp only interactions between electrons and protons are considered... but aren't electrons being repelled by other electrons? I am not convinved by the explanation that mobile electrons don't move because they push on each other.
Wrong, Eter transfer the energy❗ Wrong, not with the speed of light, but millions times faster❗ Everything should happen instantly by the quantum entanglement❗
hello guys, help me pls in my deduction, where am i wrong:  |- electrons didn't rich the lamp through the wire still (1) -> there is no electrons around the lamp (2) -> there is no electrons to bump at protons  (no matter how much strong energy field around the lamp) (3) -> there is no light(untill electrons arrive through the wire) □ (4) Would it work with isolated circuit?
I love it when people find ways to prove without a doubt with absolution on how something works. These principles will change everything we know when it comes to electricity and magnetic fields. Now we have to look at Adams :-)
Try working out just how many electrons actually "move", per atom, in say copper, at it's maximum carrying capacity.  There are so many atoms, each contributing their electron(s), that most don't even do any thing. The electron doesn't even make it the distance to the next atom in any respectable time period.  While at it, it's worth looking up Heaviside's contribution to the practical application of Maxwell's theory and getting telephones to actually carry audio from London to Edinburgh in a single circuit, which is the original [historical] 'motivation' for the experiment. At some point one has to admit that there were simplifying assumptions and that if one is to progress that we need to rethink and repackage those assumptions (e.g. capacitance and inductance as effects, and their bulk packaging; and later that they are distributed;-).  It is (after the fact) worth reading Maxwell's original works. Cornell have them scanned in its library.
Is energy flow (power) now to be considered a vector?  An electric field can produce a force on a charge.  A changing magnetic field can produce a force on a charge.  Energy flow has not been considered a vector.  Applying the Poynting equation in this circumstance appears to be treating energy flow as a vector.
Sorry, but electrons do NOT swarm. They are FIXED quanta of energy in an atom. Increasing or decreasing the energy applied to the atom causes the equivalent charge of an electron to be either added to or removed from the atom. The change in the charge of an atom produces a change in its electromagnetic field. It is that change in the field that propagates through "space" (which is not actually empty, but is comprised of what is now being called Planck Spherical Units - thanks to Planck and Nassim Haramein). This change in the field around the atom propagates infinitely out through the entire universe in all directions. If there is no change, the field is static, but it is still there - just like the magnetic fields around a magnet. And let's not forget that the electromagnetic field of the earth is constantly changing, and it was detected by Schumann, which we now know as the Schumann Resonance.
Where do the electrons in a circuit come from?
How to actually explain how current flows and the concept of voltage in complex circuits without using circuit theries and laws?
Much clearer.  Thanks!
Can you do an experiment where you have a wire thats not hooked up to the circuit, but is also 1m away?
So we don't get electric shock by touching the cable but around the cable ? 😂I am confused
Here’s a question then? In the model where a non circuited conductor e.g a wire is placed near the circuit, could a bulb light up in that wire?
Consider the DC steady state situation after the switch is closed.  The electric field runs along the wire.  There are electric forces that can move the electrons along the wire.  The electric field force can do work on the electrons.  The magnetic field is perpendicular to the wire. It would force electrons radially towards the center of the wire, except that the magnetic field goes around the wire anyway and the sum force on the electron from the magnetic field is very small.  In any case, the total radial sum force is zero because electrons do not leave or enter the wire.   So, the magnetic field does not do any work on the electrons.  The energy basically moves along the wire.  I dare say that generally the energy moves along the wires for AC as well, except for circumstances like transformers where the magnetic field plays a significant role.  Of course, there is always some leakage of electromagnetic radiation.  Electromagnetic radiation does not have these physical restrictions and energy is transmitted in equal portions by the electrical and magnetic fields.  The electric and magnetic fields are also in phase.  I think Poynting's equation has been misapplied.
my physics teacher taught me this thing 7 years ago. I am always surprised why textbooks dont have more precise explanations, its always a waterflow example, completely misleading. I had an argument with my friend regarding this as I wasnt able to explain properly why electons dont flow like water and they don't carry the actual energy so I had to phone my teacher ahahahahahhahah
When I hear "wire" in a though experiment, I assume perfect conductor surrounded by a perfect insulator. It's kinda cheap that the answer to the though experiment relies on a ideal conductor and lightbulb but an unmentioned imperfect insulation.  Also I'd be interested to see how much difference the insulation matters. In the first video you had standard insulated wire but here it looks like bare copper.
I wouldn’t be surprised if this video explains why we get bugs in our computers and other devices and why sometimes we get small annoying issues that don’t make much sense intuitively and get resolved after restarting
Does this not make sense since everything is just a field any way.  Standard Quantum field theory.   I am not sure just learning.
What Derek really wants to say is, Damn there are a lot of haters out there, overthinking and overanalysing every little thing... Well done though. This channel is sooo good. It should really be a required class in middle/highschool these days.
Didn't expect to see Clive on here
Would be interesting to look at basic electricity books to see how many talk about this now.
It occurred to me that before the switch was closed, the wires were storing energy. When the switch was closed the load resistor was fed some of that stored energy from the wires where the wires are connected to the load. How could this be?  Before the switch was closed the wire was charged all the way around the circuit so that there was a voltage across the switch. That means there was a radial charge differential between the center line of the wire and the surface of the wire. There was a radial force separating charges that ran the length of the wire. The wires were storing energy. When the switch was closed the electric field on the switch side changed effecting forces on charges on the load side of the wires. This facilitated energy from the wire feeding the load by dissipating some of the radial forces along the wire on the load side. Some of the radial force remains resulting in a potential drop along the length of the wires.   It seems to me that this demonstration is inconclusive. I am not doubting Poynting's equation but its application here (healthy scepticism).
The fundamental problem with the presentation is STILL that it mixes and confuses AC and DC representations of the circuit. It is a bait-and-switch between two very different scenarios: 1) In an initially open circuit, how long does it take for *any* appreciable current in arbitrary directions and magnitude to begin to flow through a specific point in the circuit 2) In an initially open circuit, how long does it take before a steady DC current is running through the entire circuit All diagrams and animations that was shown of this circuit in the original video shows the steady state DC situation after the switch is thrown, and this implies that what we are looking for an answer to number 2) but then Derek goes "aha! Gotcha, I really was looking for an answer to 1). The joke's on you for not being aware of highly specialised knowledge pertaining to transmission lines that applies in the instant the switch is thrown"  Throwing a switch in a circuit with a DC power supply is not a DC situation, and yes you get an EM wave emanating from the point of contact the instant the switch closes that is powerful enough to run the bulb, at least partially. This has never been in dispute.
Thanks Derek for another very educational video. I learn a lot from it.
In my head, switchy click make light.
He is going to invent his new element "Ve". Bro How do you know so much and remember for so long i would study and forget in like 10 mins. I actually understood most of it. He explains really well. but somethings went above my head because it was high complicated maths etc. Btw you are V.V smart and your videos are amazing, interesting, and very knowledgeable. we get to know many new ppl and stuff, very fun channel to spend time with. Keep it up and going!
Thank you very much for this follow-up. So the first video was not really fair and needed a better answer. After all, that's how research work: find something, try to explain roughly, others come to help, and produce a complete explaination at the end. So, amazing job. I understood absolutely everthing!
No way! The oscilloscopes used in my dad’s laboratory are identical to the ones in the video!
The thing I’m not understanding is if it’s about the fields how are different circuits that are next to eachother how do they not effect eachother
This is exactly what I love about that scientific community nobody is right nobody is wrong and everybody can collaborate, we're all in the pursuit of understanding!
The original video was deceiving as it was presented, as it seemed to state that the bulb will fully shine in 1/c seconds. I work in RF engineering and I know very well how a two wire transmission line is defined, and the full wave only reaches the bulb after the time that it takes to the fields to travel along the transmission line. The other effect is a transient due to the proximity, and it is minuscule. If you leave the wires open at 1 light second of distance, there would also be a transient due to displacement current in the capacitances (extremely smaller than the full current), and then no light at all.
The primitive explanation of electrons moving through wires like water in a hose needs to be discarded. Unfortunately, this is taught in all fundamental electronics courses and puts students at a disadvantage at square one.
Consider a DC circuit consisting only of a battery and a capacitor connected across the battery.  There is no current around the circuit (ideal components).  Isn't this video saying that "the charge density everywhere in the wire is zero" and the charge density everywhere in the capacitor is zero and ... only the surfaces of the wire and capacitor are charged?  Afterall, it is effectively saying the repulsive forces between electrons have nothing to do with movement of electrons along a wire, and there cannot be a surplus of electrons on one side of the capacitor and a deficit on the other.
I understand field effects over a distance.   However, there is something I do not understand:  If there is a charge on the surface of the wire, then how can the charge density everywhere in the wire be zero? If there is a charge gradient along the surface of the wire, and if "the charge density everywhere in the wire is zero", then how can there not be a charge gradient of the opposite charge inside the wire?
While I appreciate the follow up, the first video was downright misleading, and I don't appreciate the excuse after the fact that it was a thought experiment.
Given that connecting the circuit gives off a radially extending E field that then induces a current in  a close by but unconnected wire, would a lightbulb attached to that separate wire potentially become lit?
The response to your first video was indeed shocking 😉
torture for my poor brain
The thing that confuses me most is at 9:14 , I really don't understand why the electric field due to surface charges is pointing away from the battery. From what I've seen when digging into surface charges, wouldn't the surface charge gradient be increasingly more negative at the point, and so the electric field due to surface charges should be pointing toward the battery's terminal? I've been looking for an answer for a while now and have come back empty handed. An explanation would be a tremendous help.
I'm thinking of getting a diode implanted 🫠
You've made a terminated folded dipole there, and as you're looking at time of flight for an edge,you have to analyse that across all fequencies of interest, from DC to daylight as they say.  Comparing a transmitted and received pulse (or an edge) over a short time frame, means you also have a wide range of high frequencies involved - a Fourier series. The faster the rise time and the smaller time resolution desired, the higher the frequencies of interest, and the more important physical distances and topology become compared to wavelength. With conductors a meter apart and fed in that way, you have a dc circuit, an ac circuit, a transmission line, various coupling mechanisms, and an antenna (many in fact!).  So in a way, you're not only demonstrating how electricty and em fields work, but how they interact and modify signals like a pulse, and we have to apply different models and methods at different frequencies to be able predict and control desired behaviour, and mitigate unwanted behaviour such as cross talk, emi, standing waves, attenuation, power loss through radiation etc.   This why there are various means of transmitting energy ranging from shielded and unshielded pairs and parallel lines, to twisted pairs, co-ax cables, heliax and waveguides etc, And why RF techniques, transmission line, matching, sheilding, and edge-shaping/re-generation and time of arrival delays etc are used in high-speed digital and mixed-signal chip and pcb design. Even measuring techniques and intsruments have to be analysed and used very carefully because of this.  Signal integrity, it can a hugely important topic for scientists, engineers and technicians, and even electrical installers too, with "modern" equipment such as varianble speed drives that use switched high frequencies to synthesise low frequencies.  Lucky for us/me the clever guys crunch all this down to levels we can understand enough to apply and perhaps diagnose when things go wrong :)
Going into more depth really helps! It's interesting how everything is linked, em fields, current, emf, frequency, transmission lines, capacitive, inductive and mutual coupling, Fourier analysis...
4:26 hey! I used that in school!
And still there are many out there that do not appear to understand this is largely Wrong information. . . .  Electrical Current flows INSIDE the wires, by moving electrons, which are part of every copper atom, being encouraged to move down the wire by a PD or voltage difference down the wire, and NOT by any external fields. . .   In fact the other way round it is the Current INSIDE the wire forming the external circulating Magnetic field. . .   You can forget any external Voltage fields under about 1,000 volts.. . .   A lot of sheep being lead up the wrong path.
What happens if there is diode in circuit can anyone explain
This is called the war between scientist 😂😂
Looks, like all agree. Electric fields everywhere!
my brain hurts :(
total nerd off
I'm not convinced, and I think you should serve 1 year in an electricity bootcamp!
Excellent, this coming from someone who has been designing properly-working circuitry for over 50 years for a living yet never knew that what I have been using all along was something called "the lumped element model", let alone the fact that it is a simplification of something far more complex actually going on, thank you! But in your experiment, you matched the load impedance to the characteristic line impedance. Result was that the voltage supplied to the load was initially a fraction of the steady-state voltage until the field propagated all throughout the circuit. So therefore is it true that if the resistor had been one or two orders of magnitude greater impedance than the line characteristic impedance, the load would have initially seen a much higher voltage, close to the battery voltage? Also, since the load impedance was set to the characteristic impedance, why was the initial load voltage so low? I would have guessed that the initial voltage would have been 1/2 the battery voltage.
How can so many smart people not understand how field works?
What about transferring of energy not transfer of electrons. How fast is the energy travelling around not the the flow of electrons.
In the first video the answer is the distance between the battery and lamp. In the second video it is the distance between the lamp and switch, so what it is in the end?
I believe the conceptual limitations are because we start out learning lumped parameter models... If we could ( but probably can't ) start out learning Maxwell's Equations then we would know that all electromagnetic energy (EM) energy is in the EM(fields)Fs. And that the EMFs propagate in the medium between the source and destination or load. For example, in wireless communications we use EMFs to transport energy (high frequency, low power) that carries information by modulation (another topic of course). Radio Frequency (RF) people know that they only need transmitters and receivers, at the source and load end respectively, and that the energy travels between them in the air. With that in mind to transport the energy efficiently we can employ waveguides to govern the transportation (an analogy would be roads and guard rails for cars vs. off road travel). Finally in the case of energy transport for the purpose of power (low frequency) vs. information (radio frequency) we use waveguides (power lines) for both safety and efficiency. Since all EMF (in the EM spectrum including light) are governed by Maxwell's Equations and all EMFs travel through the medium of propagation subject to the boundary conditions which are the waveguides, wires, in the case of transmission lines for power. Another interesting concept to point out is that voltage and current are 'measurements' (integrals of the EMFs) that tell us 'in some cases' what we need to know about the actual physical phenomenon EMFs. The actual EMFs are functions of time (t) and space (x, y, z). These measurements can in some cases be reduced to the voltage and current at say (x, t). Then we can analyze the what we need to know with voltage and currents which are of course again 'measurements' of the real physical phenomenon EMFs that travel in the medium of prorogation governed by the Maxwell's equations and the boundary conditions.
Who said second parts were always worse? :)
Damn. My brain hurts now.
Deceptive! The world's fattest wires (are those copper pipes or grounding rods?!), a tiny .0035 ohm (which isn't mentioned) resistor as a load, not surprising you were able to induce a measurable current with this setup. It's like powering a tiny radio with a set of huge fat antennas. The EM computer models were convincing, but they were missing the load! in a real world application the waves would mostly bounce off the load like it was a dead end of a wire, it wouldn't produce the current implied in the models with no load. Even with this absurd giant wire/tiny load setup you only mange to get 1/5 voltage, not the same as a load "turning on." And if this Electric Field/not electron motion theory were true how do you explain the subsequent 25 volt differential across the load from a 20 volt source?! That happened because the electrons bunched up when pushing through the load because of the impedance of the giant rods before the circuit hits steady state. This was nothing more than a demonstration of regular old impedance designed to get the largest signal possible to support a false claim of electrical theory. Even with the careful design the 1/5th voltage achieved doesn't support the claim it is intended to. 😡
So let me get this straight, I know year old video it seems to me that although electricy does come from the movment of electrons, it's only the electrons inside the atom that move, it's the actual flux of  the eletromagenetic fields that propogate through the wires and into the light bulb creating another electric field inside the lightbulb which ultimatly  make the light bulb light up because the eletric field is pushing electrons...  So if wires emit an eletric or magnetic field how close do you have to put another conductor so it's energies or magnetized by the field?
Lovely video as always. However there is one aspect you didn't get to and I would like to encourage you to think about and hopefully make a follow-up video. I would like to phrase it as another fun puzzle: Take the same 4x300,000 Km long circuit, and let's say at time zero you switch it on, but at the exact same time, someone cuts the cord at the farthest point of the circuit (300,000km). What happens? Does the light turn on? If so, does it go off at some point? If so, when?   I believe this is related to the notion of impedance,  which you touched upon very briefly, when saying the "impedance" of the wire is close to zero, so current will be initiated right away, thus inducing the field, and so on. Now the interesting question is when and how does the impendence change for every point in the circuit? How does that information flow through space?
I didn't understand
Sir, i looove your personality (manner in which your passion for what you teach is evident), however, please help me.  Im relatively intelligent, but i cant wrap my head around this concept of energy flow.  I apologize, as my issue is certainly not due to your teaching abilities - it’s me.  Im frustrated; i worked in satellite operations but cant comprehend energy flow.  I still “see” electrons moving forward (though know they don’t).  Can you direct me to other similar presentations which may finally break through this glass ceiling I’m apparently beating my head against,  plz
Laymen question…..is the term speed of light really the term we should use or do we just say speed of electrons?
I watched this video because I have an irrational fear of time travelling to the past and not being able to explain how electricity works
I'm glad someone knows how this invisible force that no one really knows how it works. It should be easy for him to tell me what God is
Does this field also channels the flow of fluids like water??
Did you or the engineer write this up?
You have got to be kidding me
Feels a bit late, but the simulations have an error.  While the wire is connected, but the switch is open, the + wire ALREADY has reached battery voltage potential, and the ground end is 0V.  That means the wire ALREADY has an electric field around.   The E field isn't magically started once the switch closes. The battery already charged the wire before the switch closed. An open circuit is a bad capacitor and the battery makes it a charged capacitor, hence preexisting field.
i know this video is a year old, but what do you mean there is no circuits elements to take into consideration for the long wire measurements. i know you already know the wire itself at that length has a decent resistance so.... maybe im a little confused by that. i took EE in college, but even that doesnt always let me get why you had to do that extra step since you just need to take the resistance of the wire.
Ok so you're basically saying that there is a wireless transfer of energy, in addition to the energy that travels along the wires. So why all the hustle about energy travelling around the wires? You don't take it in account anyways? Need another video about the wires, not wireless :)
So things can’t move faster than the speed of light so as that field is established, it reaches the lightbulb in exactly 1 second in my understanding the lightbulb is now capable of turning on, so I don’t know what the rest of this explanation is for, considering the fact that the time it takes for The filament in the bulb to heat up and start giving all visible light is not zero it is physically impossible for electricity to take less than one second to travel one light second
Electromagnetic waves are on the spectrum of energy along with all the visible light waves of every kind move slightly slower than the speed of light. It is physically impossible for the lightbulb to light up in one second or less.
I don’t understand anything of this. Why didn’t I learn any of this in school?
Is the initial voltage similar to how wireless charging works?
I'm going to use shielded cables from now on
7:30 leave it to biblical analogies to simplify complex systems
Then how do we get electrocuted
Your original video has essentially achieved its purpose, you have generated a huge response, and then brought everyone together and the net outcome was to educate people in a deeper way than the average YouTube experience. Always appreciate your work man!
Anthropomorphizing and attributing intent is never a good analogy
I don't understand why 'electrons' are used to describe current transfer... electricity shares most properties with electromagnetic waves, those that it doesn't seem to can be explained by medium interaction and magnetic resistance, which also effect electromagnetic waves. So hypothetically, this would mean that electricity is conducted via photonic energy transfer, which is why atoms loose and gain charge. or have I misunderstood something?
Great easy to follow explanation.  One minor point: the current source is continuously referred to as ‘a battery’. It is clearly however a single voltaic cell.  To qualify as a ‘battery’ there would need to be two or more such cells.
Derek DOES his homework, unlike everyone else. A true physicist 😊😊❤
Very interesting transmission line theory stuff, would be interesting to see this with alternative fields and effects at different frequencies
I don't get it where was he wrong
When describing circuits, most educators focus on what is happening at the subatomic level (which I love) but not the reasons why particles behave the way they do. I'm often left feeling like I missed something important in Science class — but something so rudimentary that no one will ever think to revisit it. You did an excellent job of anticipating many of my own questions (9:35). You also have the best motion graphics and editing I've seen for demonstrating this kind of information. I cannot thank you enough for this video!
Can someone verify for me, @7:28 red is electric fields, blue is magnetic and yellow is the work being done through the field?
Sums it up.
So why does getting hit by 277 neutral hurt so damn bad
Light is water bro . Stop this now !
Are you not entertained?
Itrerupator - se aprinde becul ... nu observ nimic altceva decat ca se face lumina . Ma uit la acest clip 🤯🤯🤯 . Ce?  E bine ca in continuare se apride becul. 😅  Norocul meu ca ingrijesc plantele cu lumina de la soare ce intarzie su 8,3 minute.
I see why this isn’t taught in high school. I think I’m a  decently smart guy but this is hard to grasp.
Do the electrons detach from each atom of the conductor, and then get a new electron from an adjacent atom?
So lightbulbs hooked up on the far ends of the wire (far left, far right) would light up last! Neat
maybe do a video on op amps and transistors. I found the teaching of these components is usually limited to practical usage. thanks for the video.
Explaining a field is pulling a rabbit
the poynting vector is interesting. the rest is taught even to high school students. the plumbing model is used to help students but it is not analogous to what is actually taking place. This was explained even 45 years ago in school.
All these bad analogies only serve to show that physics and engineering know how but not why a battery is needed.  If you can't explain something it is because you don't understand it.  Progress is being made, but a complete explanation still aludes. As tesla showed wires are not necessary for phyical reasons.
excellent
Im an electrical engineer.
Sadly engineers don't know how to explain things as well as mathematicians and physicists... (This is, from what I've seen)
Can you make a video where you light up a bulb with an open circuit due to the principle you explained.
I didn't understand how surface charges came to be.
Electricity flow is by free electrons. Lot of BS.
I loved it.
Thank you for this education. Being an electrical engineer, I could always use an explanation like this.
What a waste of energy!
Thanks!
fabulous!  wow!!
so why is it necessary for energy to travel through the wires in route to the resistor when energy could instead interact with the resistor through electric and magnetic fields, removing the need for direct contact? Is it because the potential difference created by the voltage source causes the fields to exist in the first place, and that produced a consequential energy transfer through the fields?
Electricity is alive. Out of principal can electricity actually procreate? With feelings I remember reading something or watching something in the 1920s whether or not electricity would actually work and replaced gaslighting which is yellow. Keywords and electricity. Now there is static electricity and phone wire electricity on a standard. Now shall not. Or shall we put it aside and only go back to gaslighting is it hard to say which one is a perfect or what adapters we use for that electricity now does that coincide with humans with the ride adapters now put that into place with do the same principles we all need to be grounded at some point or do we ? I thought
Why don't we have wireless electricity
I'm glad you made this clarification, because I misunderstood the point.  I thought the original video was suggesting that the full voltage/current would be present at 1m/c, which would make me question if this is a simulation and that's a programming error.  This full explanation makes a lot more sense, and is actually something I already understood.
@veritasium...at 6:46, what causes slight expansion or contraction of sea of electrons  only after applying battery in the circuit resulting surface charges distribution. Pl clear it.
thanks for responding to the criticism with -- in my opinion -- is a far more useful description of what is going on. realizing it is fields acting independent of the current gave me a profound paradigm shift in how to think about energy in general.   i am wondering if placing a disconnected wire between the switch and the load would provide the load some insulation from the fields?
Please try keeping battery at c distance from bulb🎉
Derek's video suggest that Electricity Actually Works   by external fields.. .  This is WRONG, False information. . . .  DC Current flows  INSIDE the wire by moving Electrons, which are part of the Copper atoms, which make up the copper wire.. .. .  So Derek's whole video is wrong.. .. . . . .   Then he suggests at the moment the switch is closed, that energy jumps across the 1 metre gap to the test load or lamp.. . .  It does not, he is wrong here as well. . . .  Derek simply does not understand Electricity and passing on Wrong, false information.. .  The early energy that gets to the lamp just after switch on is actually a Wave caused by the square wave made by the switch closure suddenly going from not current to current flow and travels down and round the wire loop at about 60% of the speed of light and confused him.
while I find this fascinating I still think we don't really know what we are talking about.  When i was going through training in the 50s we watched a US Army film that showed electrons do move across a gap in a thermionic valve by turning a gold leaf paddle wheel between the cathode and the anode in a simulated valve. Can you explain how eg a triode works using this field theory. ?  and how does it apply to the screen of an old fashioned CRT where the electrons have to hit a phosfur to light it up?
The cycle of Veritasium: - Veritasium makes a controversial video - Everybody disagrees - They call Derek out - Derek makes another video on the topic that provides deeper explanation and specifications on misunderstandings, proving his point - Everybody is on his side now - He also credits all the people that called him out for maximum opposition - And the cycle repeats
Misconception number whatever , Current flows on the surface of the conductor and this can be proven , use a hollow wire  of same diameter as full fire , the resistance will be the same . If the current flows trough the wire then resistance will be lower in full wire , and did you ever think why filament in the bulb is so thin , to increase resistance making it dissipate more power , making it a bigger load . So literally in very single video i watched today i found misconceptions , and this is not the only one , 30ms is usually not enough for a mechanical switch to do the work , and there is more complex things happening so you cant do it .  Whatever the result it will be false .
THIS MIGHT HELP, WHAT IS "MAGNETISM"? (I'm at 12.50m btw responding to how this all works)...  "Electrical Charge" is essentially pressure, upon a 3-Dimensional "fabric of space-time" (which I think is Gods conscious will causing "matter" and "the periodic table" and "light speed" and "time" as a result, to exist as we see it, as if part of Gods imagination!)...WHEN THAT PRESSURE SPINS IT PRODUCES "Lines of Magnetic Force", DUE TO THAT GEOMETRY OF SPINNING, PRESSURE, AT ONE CONSTANT SPEED, DUE TO A HARMONIC "FRACTAL" REPEATING PATTERN CALLED, "The Flower of Life", which is formed from connecting spinning "eddy currents" in a harmonic, "fractal" pattern, which I think is HOW God created "Genesis", "time", "The Universe", and "Life" as we perceive it!  SO, essentially there is ONLY Pressure and Motion, TWO "fundamental forces", in three perpendicular directions or "dimensions", spinning to produce "lines of force" and a "Periodic Table of Elements", as AN EFFECT!  And "Gravity" is a resulting EFFECT, of the total Harmonic/Resonant Attractive Forces being slightly greater than the Repulsive Dissonant Forces overall, making that "Curvature of Space-Time" mathematically, seem like another "dimension", but its an EFFECT within THREE "dimensions"! Soon I intend to resume doing this actual math too, but first I am in the process of prosecuting most of our "Government" out of existence so we CAN do these things!
Brilliant ❤
This is undergrad knowledge in ECE 101 studies called induced electricity. light = EM Field, will hop over insulators onto nearby conducting environment/conductors at the light of speed and the direction of a straight line. Although, the field is stronger along the conductor wire because that's why it's called a conductor. At micro level, it's highly important why fibre wire needs shielding and how to correctly design IC. At macro level, most of the oven that we use to melt metal in large factories are designed using this very behaviour. At daily level, this is how antenna works....jesus.
You should share those hfss input files if that’s kosher from a legal standpoint. I’d love to try that simulation.
Thank you so much for this explanation. This explains why when you bring a light bulb close to a medium voltage source, it lights up wirelessly.
How does the battery become depleted then? What changes inside it, if there are no mobile electrons?
As an electrical engineering and physics major this video makes me so happy
This is why i usually say electrical engineering is best understood when some quantum mechanics is included👌
I'm at 14 minutes in just now but I can't understand why people don't already know that its magnetic field.  I discovered this 40 years ago when trying to navigate with a compas and getting totally messed up under high voltage lines, 5 years later and an A level in physics i attached a wire to a florescent tube terminal and camped under power lines with the tent lit up by induced energy. I went on to develop wireless energy over 10 ft based on what I learned from looking up Nikola Tesla research.
Buut i always hear you talking about electrons moving but in your first video one of the scientists said electrons barely move. It s confusing but im not blaming you of course.
Does that mean we can get wireless electricity? just like what NIKOLA TESLA predicted?
you are half-intentionally mixing up 2 concepts: the (varying) electric field transmitted through air by the sudden closing of the switch; and the stable electric field a few milliseconds after the circuit is closed. the first is basically like a radio receiver, but considering the very crude transmitting and receiving antenna , the induced electric field around the bulb is going to be miniscule compared to the field of stable state.   overall when you prop up the question, without explicitly stating this rare concept , it's fair to assume that you are talking about the stable state electric field, so people are justified to say you are wrong; you can't just just jump out after all those arguments and say "hey! guess what? I was talking about something else ! ---- though they are both electrical field " . it's too showy, you could have come out straight on the first step and say "ok there are 2 things ...."
Great job!
RATE OF INDUCTION.  NOT SPEED.
So if the loop was 10 meters apart, we should see 1.2 mW on the led at the beginning instead of 12 mW? Do I understand this correctly? Or maybe we divide by the square of the distance so it would be .12mW?
Beautiful
I really don't understand how superconductivity works now. Thanks a bunch.
Knowing this i feel like Magneto should have also been able to control electricity. Also isnt this what Tesla discovered in his attempt to transmit free power to everyone?
Duh
Fantastic
imagine, just having you phone always charging , but extremely slow, by wifi. i would go for it, for the assumption to charge your phone less, f yeah
I ve allways wandered how inductor works....thinking that i know how atoms moove in curent in the standard way of thinking i should bé able to connclude how inductor works but strangly i couldnt...i. Didnt know why untill i Saw this vidéo...i didnt know how inductor works cause i didnt know how curent really mooves in first place...the animation showed unexplicitly how curent is created to respond to électrique field in the simulation of the vectors of the electric field where a wire that is alone not connected to circut reflected back some of the electric field comming to it and it stored it for some Time untill it Lost it thats what inductor does thats how inductor works that simulation made me connect the dots and understand how inductor opposés to curent AT atomic lvl
You're describing the experience of the process of peer review, the foundation of the Enlightenment practice of exchanging and discussing Natural Philosophy.  You, as a science explainer, on a popular platform, (You Tube) in addition to educating us curious followers, you've kicked up a beautiful example of the mechanism enforcing accountability that maintains the impeccable accuracy of scientific work that goes through peer review.  Thank you for showing your widest audience the process that sets scientific understanding apart and above popular conversation.
It’s almost like your first video was the spark that lit up the light initially with the low wattage, and then all the other videos and your current video came about as the magnetic field was fully spreading out to light up the light! 😉
Emi is an explanation for this as well.
This was a great video that actually helped me to understand electricity much better than I already had. And the way you handled all the other "reaction" videos was really top notch. Thanks again!
The problem with your question is its a hypothetical where you have to ignore so many practical issues and parasitic effects for the question to be valid. This is why us engineers heads caught on fire.
As an ex-physics teacher I am intrigued by the views of hardened practical electric engineers and those who bring a more theoretical explanation to the effects observed. The history of electrical engineering is littered with physicists shining new light in such areas.   Experienced engineers insist that the energy due to an electric current is carried by the movement of electrons within a conductor.  Others state that the energy is contained in the fields around it.    The actual velocity of electrons in a conductor is far less than the speed of information it carries.  An electron in a transatlantic cable might take say 300 years to cross the ocean.  The battery within a flashlight might go flat before a single electron has travelled once around the circuit.  The magnetic field around a current-bearing conductor does contain energy.  This is the principle of the transformer whereby the energy in a primary coil may reappear at a secondary coil when the varying primary magnetic field links the two.    The charge carriers within a metallic conductor are known to be electrons.  These are not the hard billiard balls so beloved in many explanations but also have wave-like properties, as demonstrated for example in interference experiments.  Under certain circumstances moving electron beams may cancel each other out.  This would not be possible if electrons behaved simply as a stream of machine gun bullets.  Some observed effects baffle physicists to this day.  Confused  You soon will be!
Thank you for this clarification video, If you have the time can you do a video that explains Back EMF.  Thanks
"V=IR" is NOT Ohm's law! Ohm's law is "R=constant" Ohm's law does not apply to a simple light bulb! The resistance increases as the current increases. It is not constant. "V=IR" is just the definition of electrical resistance (also by Ohm - but not his law)
So chapters one and two of the textbooks are confirmed.  "In electricity the potential energy and the potential energy differences are due to electric fields and electric charges. Voltage is a potential energy difference similar to the potential energy difference in the mechanical case. Instead of being moved by the force of gravity electric charges are moved by the force of an electric field. The electron loses energy as it moves from a negatively charged point to a positively charged point. This is the same as a book losing energy as it falls from a tabletop to the floor. The lost energy of the electron could be converted to heat and light as the electron moves through a lamp. There is a voltage (potential energy difference) between the negative and positive areas. These negative and positive terminals of a battery such as a lead acid cell; this is a common source of voltage. A potential energy difference exists between the negative and the positive terminals of the battery. This voltage is due to an excess of electrons on the negative terminal and a deficiency of electrons on the positive terminal. When electrons move from the negative terminal to the positive terminal of the battery work is done. Energy is taken from the battery and converted into another form of energy.  Like in a mechanical system the electric system can be reversed. That is the electron can gain energy when it is moved from a positively charged point to a negatively charged point. This is what happens when a battery is charged. The battery charger forces electrons back through the battery in the reverse direction."
This kinda stuff is what redeems the internet.
This also explains why people don’t understand how an EMT pulse takes out electric machines everywhere
Wow , such a simple everyday technology and so many different takes on it.   Makes you kinda wonder if the science community really understands this 100%
Glad to see Ben Watson and Alpha Phoenix actually think about it and do their own modeling + experiments. If only more of the older generation didn't get so upset, and engaged in a more thoughtful way
so bulb will light up even the circuit is broken?  pls someone explain that bit more
I didn’t search the 22k comments; I suspect this has been asked. If the light was located 300,000 km from the switch and the width of the lines leading to and from the light were 1 m apart, would it take 1 s for the light to illuminate? What if in the experimental circuit, the light was isolated from battery by a ceramic plate of infinite length and width and the wires passed through the plate to the bulb? Since the electric field couldn’t penetrate the ceramic barrier, would the bulb still illuminate?
So what happens after the first few nano seconds, do the fields intensify for full power transmission ?? and if so, why ?
What if you keep a thick metal sheet bw battery nd the bulb (of appropriate dimensions) so that tye fields r not able to pass in bw ( due to electrostatic shielding type phenomenon)  Let's see what happens (btw I hv no resources for such things rather a lot of these type experiiments in my mind)
Great explanation! I've been researching all kinds of E&M applications for longer than I care to admit, yet I still find myself taken aback all the time when a marvelously intuitive explanation like yours comes around to disabuse my common misinterpretations. So thank you for the new perspective and clarity. I'll be sure to pay it forward and better elaborate to those I've instructed to merely calculate.
This got me feeling more mind blown than the J I just smoked. Lol very interesting. The sheep dog analogy was awesome!
You stated this question wrong and now, instead of admitting being wrong, You defend using technicality.
gosh, now I understand the concept of Ying Yang which is the distribution of positive charges (electrons) and negative charges (protons).
I saw electrical pulse delays every day in the lab while working as an engineer at a major aerospace company. Since most signals were on PCBs, the time delays were in small nanosecond. While the electron flow is relatively slow, the field change is fast. Matching impedance (capacitance- inductance) of the cable or transmission line with the source and load best preserved the pulse shape. The rule of thumb is 1 nS/ft for delays. What appeared to be an initial voltage on the bulb may have been an instrumentation error related to how you attached the probes and their grounds at the source and load. And if you have a DC or low frequency AC current in too thin a wire, the heat generated isn't in the air or a ground plane, it is in the wire that is carrying the electron current.
apparently now a single cable can produce a magnetic field big enough to power a lightbulb a meter away
The funny thing about this video and the last, you see the divide between the technical side and the theoretical underpinnings of electrical energy. Put another way, this started as a more or less "physics" explanation, like a thought experiment, but turned into an engineering and technical experiment.   But that's not too surprising, there are a LOT more engineers than physicists in this audience, so this result was what this audience.  But just to be clear, the physicists were not confused about the idea he was expressing in the first video, just saying, heh.
3rd time watching and still dont understand
Yes, a small amount of current flows at 1/c s. But it is only after 1 second that the current is full. And you conveniently never mention this… for some reason… yeah you’re just trying to save face and not look like an idiot.
That time when Veritasium RKOs a bunch of electrical engineers on YouTube.
Yea alpha pheonix is one of the few tubers that can be trusted
I got what you were saying from the beginning of your first video... but your still not accurate about the electricity. True electrons don't carry the electricity... photons do
Can we charge an iphone with a induction? 😂
Hi Derek, super interesting video. Following this explanation it would be nice to see a second experiment. Similar to one of the simulations on the ANCIS code ( 13:44 ) you could have a disconected line with a resistor (not conected to the battery circuit) a meter away from the circuit. You should see the same prepulse on the disconected resistor but then you would not see the full voltage you see in the closed battery circuit. Have you done something like this?  I'm a big fan and finishing my PhD in plasma physics. Thanks for the nice videos
Electrons don't travel anywhere, when shocked they just vibrate creating a magnetic field. Like a tuning fork when struck it vibrates and then vibrates any other fork nearby. When the switch is closed the light comes on instantaneously depending the thickness of the wire.
Yep I'm convinced you don't know what you talking about and are misleading people.with half truths and making money, spreading incomplete and misunderstood.   Fark I can't take this dudes lakenof knowledge
So, if the switch was on *both* terminals of the battery, it would take 1 second.
So many people came after you... and you were right. Though... it wasn't completely clear what you meant, but it wasn't necessarily as unclear as the responses would suggest.
👏👏👏
You are talking EMF. If you just said the field generation,  so many would understand.   Now,  question.  Is it possible to get an initial voltage that completely drops off until the master circuit voltage catches up through the lines?  Another way to example this would be,  put multiple resistors in multiple locations.  The ones at the ends would get voltage last,  the ones 1/4 in would get voltage 2nd. Middle of obviously first.   The mistake is your taking shortcuts by applying to few variables to graph multiple scenarios with. As well as the way you describe it,  which I don't know why you're not pointing to the Electrical field more obviously.   Good job though.
Thank you for clairification, I have leart a lot from your videos.
I remember I learnt about this concept of electric field causing energy to move when displacement current of maxwell was explained in the classroom decades ago.
And heat conduction.
Our current understsnding about electricity and magnetism is in the stage of earth, water, fire, wind and ether as the basic elements of everything. Or at most, newtonian physics and euclidian geometry, it's not wrong, it just the accuracy is limited to some degrees.
I love you veritasium ❤
You are an amazing teacher!
12:42 where do all electrons go on positive side?
Get some simple, proper understanding... .   All those wires in your car Work and do what they are supposed to do... .    They could not work if they worked by external fields. . . .  They would interfere with each other. . . .  They work because the electrical power is INSIDE the wire not outside as Derek has suggested.  Ah.!     So much nonsense being spread on the Internet.
Hello @veritasium  as in your experiment, you said the electron doesn't carry energy. I have some questions:  1. what creates the electromagnetic field? 2. how much energy can the electromagnetic field carry from the battery? 3. how long or far can an electromagnetic field stay with an electron?
huh I had no issue with your last test lol. I love the internet some days
Men !!! You rock! The energy is in the fields. Thanks a lot 👍
nice
Derek, aren't you essentially showing that conservation of energy is a wrong assumption, since only the quantity is conserved and not the energy itself? It seems like we can say everything is destroyed and recreated at a ratio of 1:1. Isn't it? Isn't this also a way to show that we're already using vacuum energy in all our electric devices? Then why should be so wrong to assume we can try to find ways to create an imbalance to that 1:1 ratio to our advantage and look for overunity devices? Isn't that exactly what happens in a homopolar generator when it exceeds some speed due to a spacetime distortion and an imbalance between the center of the generator, which is standing still in space, and the rim of the conductive matrix, which travels at a very high speed? Could that explain why the Bruce DePalma's N Machine and many other claimed overunity devices could be a real thing? Take your time to think about it and do some research and experiments. Good luck!
I WAS TAUGHT PROTONS ARE LOCATED IN THE NUCLEUS END ELECTRONS ARE LOCATED IN ORBITALS AROUND THE NUCLEUS. NOTHING LIKE YOU PICTURE. AS A CONDUCTER TAKES AN ELECTRON IT ALSO EXPELS ONE SIMUTANIOUSLY THUS ELECTRIC FLOW WITHOUT CHANGING THE ATOMIC STRUCTURE. THATS THE SIMPLE EXPLAINATION. THERE ARE SKIN EFFECTS OTHER MORE COMPLICATED THINGS HAPPENING BUT THATS NOT SO SIMPLE.
The electromagnetic earth we live on . The ether is the contain the positive ion in the air and the ground in the ground (hence the word). You can make a battery out of thr earth copper poles with zinc rods in the ground connected with copper wires. You can so thus at home to prove this. Why are we still hiding this proven knowledge?
It would be awesome if you made a video about this but mentioning neurons, since the energy is transmitted using voltage dependents ion channels, wich I believe is an excellent way to ilustrate this subject
This video makes me think about when Nikola Tesla said he was working on a way to create electric power out of the air; he was working on a way to power cities without any wires. This video maybe touching upon some of the things he was thinking about.
If the fields are doing the real work, what is the point of the electron?
Nick Lucid from Science Asylum explain the same think in a different way. So I know Derek is right.
Great video. Thank you
I think i can make this in simpler terms, but critique me if i get it wrong.  Say you have a line full of water and you have a pump attached to it. The pump is the battery and once a valve is opened you get instant water flow once this happens dispite the length of pipe
This is what Nikola Tesla was on about all the energy we ever could dream of is all around us. He was trying to find a way to just make it move. This is one of the most fascinating videos you made
What about the vacuum in the cathode ray tube?
I if have a bulb on the third parallel wire that js disconnected from the circuit. Shouldn't it glow? But why does it not happen? What is the point of wires, how do they direct the field ? What is the difference between having it an don't having jt current still flows jn the third wire but bulb doesn't glow. Why?
Can you explain now what it is we see when electricity jumps a gap?
Like ur videos....can you answer one question. Why do we depends on generating electricity. Can't we find any other source of energy to replace electricity which requires lots of resources to generate
great to see people argueing ove reall stuff not tiktok
I have another objection/question. How would it work, if we put two of these circuits next to each other. Before the field has propagated through the two wires, we would not know which switch is connected to which bulb. As we have seen in the example of the non-connected wire, it was said that currend would also start to flow and potentially swiching on a light bulb, so that means after flipping one swich, both would initially light up and only after the field has propagated through the whole wire, the connected one would stay on. So far so good. But wouln't that mean that the length of the wire does not matter at least initially until the field has propagated though the wire? Would't that mean, that in a small scale experiment with only a dozen meter long cable, the second light would also have to flash on for a split second? If so then we would be able to try that.
So isn't the initial current after flipping the switch just induction? If you would do that with 100m, 1km oder even 100km appart, the light would not turn on at all, until field has propagated along the whole wire, right (in other words the current in these bulbs would be neglegible)? Because if it would turn on, wouldn't that mean that flipping one switch would turn on all light bulbs (on earth), because all lightbulbs would be within this electric field and it would take longer for the field to connect through the wire, therefore "realising" to which of all the bulbs it is connected to?
Electrons are not real.
Your work here is an exemplar of how the scientific method should function, with robust discussion and interaction! Thank you for sharing your pursuit for truth and knowledge!
Love that you keep us informed about current affairs.
What if you shield the bulb from the energy source? Can you delay the small initial energy spike?
One of  the longest "I'm sorry, I'll Behave" video.
Where were you during my Physics degree 30 years ago? I was never happy studying Physics and Electronics because no one ever made this link for me in a way that made sense. You just achieved that in a few short minutes. [Sigh]
I think electricity is flow of electrons, waves on electron strings, Electric & Magnetic fields. Fields & wave move close to light speed.
Hopefully one day no one will use water as an analogy for electricity.
Thank you for the best explanation video , cheers
*_I'd appreciate it if you no longer show the antisemite in your videos again... We ALL know who he is...._*
just thinking, are we corrupt enough now that stupdity equals honesty, and honesty is stupidity
Stop inserting quick snippets from interviews with various guys. It interrupts the narrative of the presentation. "Coolness" is not always cool. So, please make the videos scientific and please stop trying to make them look "cool". Other than the above, I think your presentation is pretty good so thank you for doing it. You seem to have a much better skill at presenting scientific concepts than quite a few established professors.
It is hard for many to understand or accept your previous video, because we have been taught since high school electricity is a flow of electrons, but that is just an easier way to model the situation and necessary what is happening.
The thumbnail:   ARE YOU ALL NOT LIT!?
Bravo!
As an electron working in the field, I'm glad we're finally getting the recognition we deserve.
Nothing like scientists and engineers to jump all over someone to correct mispeaking oneself. If only they would do the same to the journalists that quote statistics on their research and completely misrepresent everything.
Someone who makes to the end of Veritasium video 😂😂😂
Thanks for a video. It reminded me as kid learning phisics ... How fast electric field propogate threw space ? It's exactly as fast as speed of light. This was one of greatest reveletions to me ... things that match speed of light.
How electron in lattice move in one million meter per sec which is faster than light?
You should stir up some more electricity drama by talking about what makes tasers hurt. Lots of people still dont get that
Man, youre the best.
Excellent video.  But one thing that is always left out is that bulbs need to have ambient energy around them.  Light bulbs don’t work so well if you drastically reduce the surrounding “heat”.  Some bulbs need a lot of ambient heat to work hence the need to “warm up”.
isn't this the reason why data cables are shielded because electrical wires will interfere with the data?
You know those "surface charges" are electrons (and holes) right..?
This is why YouTube is better than school.
This is insanely cool !!!
That's why I respect you and believe you, cause u r the actual science unlike some "others"
Gravity... Detector?? Is it constantly going off? 😅
So it basically resonates
I felt like this is a question of a junior high school level but with analysis & answer of a master's level thesis.
I can tell you, that what he says is not the complete story. He is debating with the help of the poynting vecror S, which shows you the energy flux. And in his example he is right. S points directly from the source to the light bulb in the radiative state. But he is forgetting a lot.  Firstly S=μ*(E×B) The energy flux is given by: (i will use √∆ as √of lalace=nabla as my keyboard does not suport nabla) μ√∆•(S)=√∆•(E×B)=(-dB/dt)•B-E•(μ*j+μ*ε*dE/dt) So in fact ε*μ is a very very small quantity compared to μ. So the biggest contribution is the current density j. Also if you reach the static case j is the only contribution to the energy flux. So in the static case the energy flux just becomes μ*E•j. So the energy flux goes *only* inside the wires, where j≠0 in the static case so our imagination about current actually holds true for the static case, and has to be changed by capacitive and radiative terms in the case of the non static case, which everyone already knows. So this is nothing new, but actually not the whole story. And look at E•j. Thats just another form of P=U*I! If you dont understand poynting vector, then just dont mention it.
Very cool video. It's a shame that the microscopic view of circuits, especially the surface charge distributions, is not better handled in physics and engineering textbooks. This cleared up a lot of questions I had. I would love to see you do a video on the "Lewin circuit paradox", as there are many related concepts here.
Does the Earth's  magnetic field come from the Mid-Atlantic ridge (made of natural magnets) around the iron core of the Earth's center. As the Earth turns it makes electricity, and also coriolis force.
You do understand this is totally meaningless to almost everyone in real life. How does an overly complicated explanation effect a light bulb turning on when the wall switch is turned on? It doesnt! I much prefer the analogy of electricity aorking like water in a pipe. Fine i know its inaccurate but it serve the purpose well enough. Most of us will never design a circuit. This is nothing more than an exercise to stroke a snobs ego.
Maybe I'm missing something, but like, ever since I was introduced to electromagnetic coils, i just kind of assumed this is how it worked. Why would electrons just overhype themselves when you wind a coil with them if there wasn't some kind of building, leeching electric field that builds voltage and magnetic field strength
This is indeed true for transient or high frequency current. For low frequency and steady state however as a single LED (without power harnessing circuit) or light bulb on a battery needs for it not only to instantaneously to turn on but instead to stay on undisrupted, it certainly would need the long time to travel through an undisrupted cable and also sufficient time for the reflections to stabilise, i.e. the steady state to be reached.
I like to think of it as water in a pipe. If you introduce sediment into a pipe and turn the water on to make it flow through, the whole column of water starts to move while the sediment works its way down the pipe.
What I wish you would've also addressed is if the distance between the power source and the light bulb can be as big as you want. You showed how moving the switch across the wire would increase the time it took for the lamp to light up, but not if it would make a difference if for example you made your experiment a 10m square. That also brings up the question if there's a maximum range for the field to "travel through the air" before you couldn't measure it anymore.
Thats whats wrong with you trying to fool unaware people. its like he messed up but got away. What's the point of having light mile wire across the earth if you can just wirelessly trigger it in 1 meter? if you'd just said it anyway wirelessly then why bother having to point out the longest single wire in the world?
Literally half of the YouTube scientific community is here in this comment section now
you must be pretty smart to know that i just started learn electrotechnic but after watching your video i got total block because i don t want to learn lies so another question is why we are lied about how things really are
K wait does this mean you can turn on another light bulb that's not even connected to the circuit?
I loved this update! I watched the original video multiple times, and quite frankly I don't think you need to apologise at all. The clarification you gave in this video matches my understanding (in a less precise manner) that I gained from the first video, so from my viewpoint you did get it right. The fact that it was ~slightly~ a trick question turned out to be very important and enlightening - as so much of the subsequent commentary has revealed. It's an important trick, one that reveals rather than obscures!
Induction will transfer energy even if the ckt is not connected and just close as any transformer proves.
at least we know now that ElectroBoon is still alive….
As soon as potential begins. Induction is almost ( instantaneous)
Electricity in theory is so complex man. I'm a full blown engineer (not electrical) and this is still tough to fully grasp. Kudos to the physicists 👏
Love the intelligence discussion and definitely craving more of these seemingly obvious topics😆
And the photons? Why do they appear? Where do they come from? How are they born, and why do trillions suddenly appear emitted from the resistance?
This is why I think the water analogy for electrical circuits should stop being taught in schools. Countless circuit designs especially in the 12V automotive world designed on a hydraulic principle, with all the relays and such on the positive side. Hydraulics is all about pipe sizes restricting flow. Electricity is all about material science. This video depicts perfectly why conductive material selection matters way more than wire size. Wrong material like aluminum and you have exponentially more heat/resistance.
Once again, an actual physicist schools all the armchair science experts on YouTube.
So if I understand this correctly, I can put 2 wires parallel to each other, without touching, put a battery in the middle of one of the wires and a light bulb in the middle of the other wire and it would actually be powered by the battery even though there is no circuit? Would be awesome if you could make an experiment to show that. Theory and simulations is one things, but physically showing it would be awesome
So does it negatively impact humans to live under or near transmission wires?
OUTSTANDING!
Then what are fields made up of?
Mind boggling
Bruh i'm just streight up too dumb for that 😂
Great video. For me, ohms law is to maxwells equations as Newtonian physics is to relativity. Each is an approximation of the other which suits the vast majority of practical applications.
I may know almost nothing there is to know about electric currents, but to my untrained eye... I just have to ask: Aren't we actually producing a lot of wasted energy?   Supposing we are using a battery to power something, and the field transmits the energy along the wires to power what needs powered, it seems to me that the battery should simply be regaining it's charge in some capacity once the power circuit is cut.  Flip the switch, power is on, circuit forms, power is transmitted, you cut the transmission, field dissipates because the source is no longer transmitting.   I understand that some of the energy is going to be lost regardless. In the case of the lightbulb, some of that energy was used to produce the light that is given off as a result of that circuit forming. But once the circuit is stopped, why does the energy not get recaptured in to the battery? To somebody untrained as I am, or uneducated i suppose too, when i see a circuit diagram, it always shows the energy is transferring through its closed loop back in to its source, back out again through the loop, rise repeat until the loop is ended. Why then is there such a large drain on something like a battery, especially when it's being depicted that the energy starts from and ends with the battery? If the energy is coming from it and back to it, why is there such waste? It seems to me that the battery should not be losing near enough of its own charge in this process, or is losing more than it should?   I probably rambled in this, and probably nobody will read this comment on a year old video, but it's just my thought after seeing this very informative video. As somebody not involved in electronics or electrical currents at all, I'm just a total bystander in this. But my general takeaway from my admittedly limited pool of knowledge is that there is a tremendous amount of 'wasted energy' in something even as miniscule as powering a lightbulb. No?
Is this like physics rap battling?
Took me 2 years since this came out and about 2 months since I started tinkering with actual circuits to really understand what's going on. I knew fields had more to do with the flow of energy than electricity during my time in college by reading all the technical stuff but it's one of those things that become easy to ignore once you have built an intuition around a different model. Cool stuff, I'm glad I was finally able to come back and really understand it.
Very instructive
If youtube exist in the past, maybe we can see einstein vs oppenheimer or tesla vs edison in youtube like this that would be really cool
Physics.... u just cant see the things at work, gotta model and imagine...
Can someone recommend a good explainer video to this theory or a fundamental video to help understand.
Volt drop anyone?
What I ask myself is why isn't this explanation widely known?
I am so grateful for this explanation! I spent years wondering what electricity really is as the V=IR, I=V/R and R=V/I was self referential, and didn't really explain anything. Great work!
17:44 that's also the critical resistance in an RLC circuit
Well that K.Od the hasty responders
Why do I think of Tesla watching this video?
Also, we wonder why we are seeing a substantial increase in the prevalence of developmental disorders as we bombard ourselves and our children with charged electric and magnetic fields from pretty much every angle.
The scam of selling us electricity for as long as they have has been so profound that regardless if they find any other form of “free” energy etc whatever they’ll never give it to us unless they can sell it.
I would consider the bulb side as an antenna, and the switch side as a wave source. They don't have to be connected to interact with each other, but if they are connected, this interaction can continue, if not, the antenna will still react to the pulse from the source at the same speed and die out as the pulse does on the source side.
If the wire emits an electronic field, then why dont I get shocked when I tough an extension cord.
I understood some of those words.
Ok so doesn't this mean that a wire not connected to a power source in close proximity to another wire connected to a power source would carry a current? Why can't you power a light bulb not connected to a power source just by it being close to the electric field?
Yo spend all day cutting metal and welding it together. Have a look at ya earth lead on the floor near the steel particals. IT EXPLAINS ITSELf.  try it. I dont want to spoil it 4you. IT'S BLATANTLY OBVIOUS:-)
Why didn't you mention or at least gave a hint that you constructed a loaded question with the electromagnetic induction thing, since in a video the viewer cannot question or verify that same assumptions are made?
wwt if the bulb and the battery isolated  but connected only through wire how the energy flow does the bulb glow or not?
I am still confused by several small details and I hope that someone can help clarify for me.   1. If the electrons don't carry the energy to the load, but it is the fields that carry the energy, why do we need to close the switch? I guess I am just misunderstanding what the difference is between the fields before and after the switch closes, and why we need current flow at all if the fields are what carry the energy.   2. What is it that causes more current to flow in a less resistive path? Is the electric field inside the wire STRONGER in the path with less resistance? Why?
Wow... just wow
The time to light the bulb is = to the rate of induction. This just happens to be what we call the speed of light. It is a FACT that induction can be demonstrated to occur FASTER than what we have named light speed. I believe people have confused our conventions of measurement and visualization with reality thus leading to more confusion. For example “Photons”‘aren’t particles at all.  Photons are simply a convention used for measurement. They are even defined as “the smallest packet of energy”. That’s science lingo for a point in time and space in which we can give measurements or descriptions to. Electric generators don’t manifest little particles called electrons. Electrons are equally a convention for description:measurement and visualization. They don’t exist as a particle. A battery isn’t a container of electron particles just like a lightbulb isn’t a container of photon particles.
I think the thought of the space between the wires as capacitors, charging one by one and transmitting energy to the other side even if the circuit is open at the ends really makes it clear
It also depends on the dispersion effect that the circuit has on the elements. Different circuits different propulsion effects and dispersion patterns.
You almost made us dum😅
Ok cool.  I think it might be easier to illustrate if you had a light bulb on the far ends 10 meters away and show the result.  Do the 2ends come on at the same time as each other but after the single bulb 1meter away?  And my biggest question, and actual reason for the comment: What about shielded wires?  As a kid my stereo picked up the audio signal from the cable TV wire inside the wall.  While distorted I recorded stand up comedy by just tuning in and hitting record.  So even your first video made sense to me and I thought it was funny that experts misunderstood your explanation.  I guess I made assumptions about what you left out. Lol. Anyway,I was saying ,a properly shielded wire would disrupt that signal rendering my stereo unable to pick up the signal just outside the wall from the cable wire. I should mention when I moved the stereo closer to the set top box I lost the signal.  The stereo has to be in that perfect spot to pick up the signal.  Sorry for the tangent.  The question is about your explanation using a wire/conductor that was shielded as to disrupt that energy field around the wire. You eluded to it when talking about the underwater cable and I half expect you to go deeper in that.  My first guess is your experiment would lose the initial pinkness of the led light before the led is fully illuminated, further proving your point.
The elections from the battery in your graphic are flowing in the wrong direction buddy. I doubt you know what you are talking about
Can anyone explain how high voltage electric discharges formed? Does the energy also come from the electric field?
You are wrong and you got smoked  😔
If its the field that carries the energy then why do I need to touch the wire to get electrocuted, I'm assuming that the field carries part but most of the energy is carried through the wire, or is it that the that part of the field that has the most energy is so close to the wire, its as if you are touching the wire.  I suppose the electron is not actually a particle but a field.
It really can't be overstated how God awful the original video was
Good enough to resubscribe- as long as you keep politics out of your videos
In the simulation shown at 13:31, why does the electric field at the corners seem to begin changing instantaneously when the switch is closed? Was the charge distribution not at equilibrium when the animation started?
Hi, what happens if I block the field between the switch and resister ?
So how can i calculate the time it takes for electricity to travel from an electric power house to my house. Do I neglect the field?
Well, another, clear example. New York city subways, some of the plumbing get energize by the induction of the magnetic field near the third rail.
If your conductors were surrounded by a grounded shield (like a coaxial cable) it seems like that would largely contain the fields you talk about, and would greatly impact your answer to when the light (or resistor) would turn on.
Great video! That electric field that expands from the switch towards the bulb; doesn't something have to "carry that information"? And am I right to think that would have to be photons?
This guy is powered by YouTube subscribers. Produce flashy video does not mean he knows all answers
If you had phrased the question as "how long before the light bulb turns on with enough light to be detectable by a human eye", I think a lot fewer people would've taken issue with it. Given that you showed by the end of this video that a light using that amount of power can be clearly visible. Given that you didn't originally define "on", this was left to people's interpretations, and so most people considered this to be when 100% of the expected current is flowing through the bulb, +/- some small error, or at least when > 50% of the expected current is flowing.
So how the fields got their energy or where they get the energy to expand?, whats the relation between all filds?, it seems to be that all fields have the same speed, electrical, magnetic, gravitational, are they just information and that is the speed of information overall?, is energy just concept we aply to the efects of the information acros the universe or where it comes from?
they forget Derek is a PHD
So, how might this be used in noise reduction?
Hi, I think you are wrong. Why don't you place the switch on the far end of wire and check if the bulb is turned on late. It will still turn on at same instant due to capacitance effect (or magnetic/electric field effect). You said that time will increase with switch position, i wants to see the practical. Sorry for the wording, no disrespect. BR
I’m confused. I swear I watched all this like three years ago. But it was only a year ago. No way.
Atleast this question arose to many new ideas , i love to see how different people stated their perspective on this problem which at last summed up questioning the fact about the flow of electricity , i didn't really understood which one of them is true, but loved the fact that it got me somewhere out from the boring textbook paragraphs of high school,  Thanks for creating such content,  Love from INDIA , Keep going !  ❤❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
News: we summarize 2023 03/01/2024 new electric buses in Krakow's  ( Poland ) public transport
That’s crazy as soon as I heard your explanation, in your first video, it completely made sense. Explains why magnets interrupt and even destroy electronics. Great work.😄 I guess people did hang on your thought provoking experiment more than what you were trying to explain. 🤔
RIP Tesla he knows that before we even think about it
That is bs … In an electrical circuit that uses wires insulated with the best material available, there is no electrical field. Proof of that is the classical capacitor – the charges remain on each armature because they have an insulator between them, which keeps the capacitor charged and prevents charge flow from one armature to the other. To discharge the capacitor, you’ll need a conductor between the armatures (a copper wire, for example). Besides that, what we are talking about here, is an electrical circuit – which implies a CLOSED wiring. The presented circuit is misleading – it should be depicted like this: the battery at the bottom of the page, both wires parallel to each other to the top of the page and the LED at the end of those – at the top of the page. If the length of each wire is imagined to be three million kilometers long (ten light-seconds), the LED would still light up the very moment of turning the switch on. The only thing that would take time (10 seconds), is the light from the LED reaching the observer's eye (who stands right near the battery). In conclusion: the speed of light is NOT the maximum speed limit … in fact it is some sort of zero compared to the speed with which events happen in this thought experiment. If anybody wants to challenge me, I’ll gladly take that challenge and have discussions, but ONLY through e-mail.
What I love about this whole story is how the YouTube science community collectively lost their minds in response to your first video. I know it's easy to say this in hindsight, but I was with you from the start. You not only explain science well, your understanding is also better than most of us. Keep up the good work (:
Y’know, Bob Ross’s wisdom doesn’t only apply to painting. There are no mistakes, only happy accidents. Excellent video.
Simple. Ask to Tesla and his wireless transmission tower. Don't spect to sell this energy.
i don't know if i'm on the right track but this video can be referenced when talking about electro magnetic interference   especially at 13:37 and 14:47 since that's pretty much what happens when copper cable internet is exposed to electro magnetic pulses, at least to my understanding
There are so many paradoxes here that are deviating from the simple fact of electro magnetism being explained in the video. I’m only left confused and fending for answers after each information introduced
This is a great way to illustrate why we use AC grid, as opposed to the old, short-lived, and properly forgotten DC grid. The initial 5v draw in the resistor? Imagine a few thousand of those, and how it would effect one, if the other 999 were connected shortly before, without the caps between.
In that case, what about if you remove the switch (therefore not “priming” the wire) and ‘drop’ a battery at t=0.
I thought the question was how quickly the (imaginary) light bulb would turn on, and that wasn't measured, just claimed to be "immediate".
Div(S) = -E*J  Where S is the Poynting Vector. This is for statics, for dynamics there is a extra term -d/dt of energy density. In a good conductor where there is a electric field there's current and where there is current there is electric field. So where is the energy? Well it's at any point where you have current inside or on surface of wire and in the fields OUTSIDE the wire. SORTED!  As an example, if a wire is surrounded by a conductor current in wire will result in electric field outside wire and this will induce current in surrounding conductor. At a POINT in surrounding conductor divergence of Poynting vector will be negative which implies a SINK OF ENERGY at that POINT and so demonstrates energy outside wire.  So for DC or AC the energy is in every POINT of the wire and surface of wire that contain current and in the fields OUTSIDE the wire. SORTED!  Div(S) = -E*J = -J*E All sorted with a nice little sum. Where S is the Poynting vector.
the final idea u should get after watching the videos is that electrons does not have to travel all the way from the source to the lump to switch it on instead the magnetic field which travels near to the speed of the light triggers the nearest electrons to lump to move in it    so as mentioned that speed of electrons does not exceeds the 0.1mm/s  that means if the anolgy of electrons comes from source to lump is true then time taken to switch a bulb 💡 at 1m distance from the source well be t=1000seconds  but in reality that is not true because of the fact that magnetic field strat every were in circuit causing nearest electrons to lump to enter it so time taken for the true statement becomes time equals distance over c  in the end both anolgy does not matter while dealing with electricity but they matter while trying understand the behavior of electricity transmission mechanism
I teach HAM radio licensing courses which include a lot of electrical theory.  First it was nice to see the electron flow from the negative side of the battery.  Second, I may start assigning this video as “homework” to my students that want more in depth info on electrical flow and fields.
The correct answer is 2m/c seconds for you to get (some) light from the light bulb, because you are not at the light bulb, but at the switch.
The other youtubers will catch up eventually. Great job man! 🧙‍♂️
You blew up my understanding,  THANKS! 😂
People claiming this man made a mistake. "One moment bro let me just call NASA level researchers". Nasa lever researchers: "No problem fam we got u". I do have to point out tho, that understanding this explination about electricity was far easier then my low level school taught me. Well done.
Over complicating simple things.
just when you thought it was easy in theory but really it makes nfs.
I am an ME major. I was hacked by one of the biggest corporations on the planet. I was amazed how many non-RF electronics I owned were manipulated. The clarification to these misconceptions about Electricity and Magnetism have given me a somewhat clear idea how these hacks were made possible.
Let's take a shortcut explanation of all this: electricity actually travels at near-light speed down the wire. The only reason you get any current in a wire 1m away is by inducing it in the nearby wire as waveform radiates out from the battery when the circuit is connected. This is not enough to turn on a lightbulb, and it's largely just a technicality. This entire video was disappointing.
Man, all you had to say was: Quantum Electro Dynamics, and we would all have been satisfied and went home.
So still there are a current ( flow) of energy in the cable after all……….
this was awesome, but i have a question, if you have a piece of of "wood" or "metal" is there a difference, if you would push a long log (the log is connected between the 2 points) about a long distance like 1 light year or a 1 light day to kick a pool ball and would it take instant or 9 460 730 472 580 800 m and is there a difference between 25 902 068 371 200 m or a other material ? hmm
Thank you for taking the time to produce and share this video. I've been an EE for close to 20 years and I'm a bit embarrassed to admit that only now am I starting to fully appreciate the importance of E and B fields in the behaviour of circuits.
I have a love hate relationship with this video. I love that you point out a deep flaw in the way we teach electricity and magnetism with minimum mention of Maxwell's equations - and hate (that's a strong word) that you come at this sideways.  The hook here is the speed-of-light paradox (if Maxwell's equations are forgotten). At the time Maxwell didn't know C was a constant. In fact, I believe Einstein interpreted his equations in such a way as to mathematically show C as a constant (if I've got history correct). So, while the video is fun, and keeps people interested, as a teacher I would have immediately mentioned Maxwell, and demonstrated that the (fast) signal to the bulb would be blocked by using a shielded wire. Also, I would have pointed out that the original circuit looks a lot like a radio antenna where everyone has an intuitive sense of C being the transmission speed in a direct line (unimpeded by wires).  Finally, you barely allude to charge density, yes, energy flows in fields, but we shape and direct those fields using media (like wires) with high charge density to deliver useful amounts of power. I think it would super-interesting to see a video from you that takes on fields and conductors in the delivery of power.   Thanks - keep the good work.
what's the different between the electric field and RF?
As a Clinical Engineer I applied a technique which enabled our group to detect the position within n a cm or 2 of breaks in the electrode system of Pain Suppression devices. To explain this meant confronting some difficulties . Medics and patients dealt only with concepts of electron  flow. To explain why we could detect a waveform   on the skin we added some of field  energy flow model, and i'm sure if a particle  physics or other story  wasnededssaryy ioyt ekllkl;  So I have some relevant background          What  i say is that Thougght Experimrnt  can only seen s a teaching tool
Electricity comes from magnetism indeed like all the other energy named by Sciences. Gravity is also a particular case of magnetism,...One energy.
I am not convinced.  And I will explain why. Take one wire, a battery, a bulb and a switch. When all connected and the switch is closed, soon after that the bulb will be lit. In the wire there will be a field, but now take TWO wires, close to each other. Then the field of the first wire will influence the second wire.    As soon as there is an electric current flowing in the wire number one the field will be there. As soon as the field is there the other wire will have potential, since there is nothing on that second wire there will be no current, the field is causing a potential in the other wire, the filed is right hand rule directed in a certain way. In the other wire the field is causing a potential, keep the right hand rule in mind!    Now we are going to connect the second wire as the return loop for the current in the first wire, now the field of the first wire is opposite to the field in the second wire. When the two wires are in one loop, the other wire is fed from the other side, thus creating a field that is reversed to the field in the other wire.    That is why.
Have u published any research paper on it? i would love to read it
Did he just show the light coming on with an open circuit? I am now confused, and can confidently say that I know much less about electricity than I thought I did
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Remember this the next time you see a light bulb glowing with the switch off.  It happens.
Hell of a complicated way to say, "You guys know what I mean!!"
Thank you for teaching me the right way!
I really enjoyed this.
SO imagine you have a wire inside a wire with shielding to prevent a short circuit of course now each wire the outter one and inner one have the same charge and voltage and are idnetical but opposite what happens to the electromagnetic field? Does it cause the circuits to just cancel out? I always wanted to try this but I dont have time and money to test it.
the electrons accelerate because of the buildup of excess charge moving across its surface due to the potential difference at each end of the circuit.
OMG OMG I want to say it or rather  ask it so you will think about it
Oh its on the tip of your tongue where i paused it at ,the buildup of charge has to go somewhere so it follows the path of least resistance and in this case with the battery and light it follows a circular path back to the battery because it cannot go elsewhere and remain haing a buildup of charge on the outsdie
ya I never thought that the electrons were moving like that I never liked that visualization.
The energy goes through the electrons they dont carry it.
You are stupid  in electricity 😂😂😂😂, but good in making video
"2kliksphilip viewers also watch this channel"
I just want to learn what electricity is and how it works
Your explanation gets scetchy und unconvincing that the distribution of chareges on the surface of the wire - assuming this is true - is reached "instantaneously" or bavthe "speed of light" (in vacume!?) Electrons are not electromagnetic fields that propagate at the speed of light.
How could one ever comprehend God or Truth if one was unwilling, for example, to pray? Is it possible that happiness is not the goal of life, and that humility is?
so when LIGHTNING strikes you. what is hitting and killing/burning you?? fields? light?? electrons??
I wonder how far Nicola Tesla would have come if he lived today.
Lie-Go!!! The name says it all!! Just more co-opted science,…… just like NASA!
em radiation 3 peanut wavelength is all i give
Thank goodness, I'm retiring in a few years' time. I reckon I can keep faking it for that long... Thanks for the great videos! 👍
Great clarification and in line with what i had seen before (lumped model and transmission line). Appreciate that some of my main issues between my intuitive understanding and the models have been mentioned although i am left with the same questions (for example i find the definition of an electric field very flat and difficult to use).
Shhheeeesch!
Very good. I always use the Poynting vector. It is always "pointing" in the direction that energy is moving.
Thank you! The major point is still the same - energy is spread by the fields!:)  such a revelation!
what happens if the battery and/or resistor are encased in something like led, with only the wires coming out. would it still work?
all i can say is  V=IR . end of debate!
Just explain twisted pairs already... Cat 5, cat 6, em interference management. That's all this is... Your dealing with something that was resolved in modern electronics so long ago it's been forgotten and not common knowledge cause we use analogies all the time that over simplify things. It's gone full circle... You should also explain what it looks like at different distances being 1 meter.
Charges create the fields & the fields tell the charges how to move. (Aside that the electric and magnetic fields perturbe each other all the time & everywhere in space-time).
Ah so this is why cfl light can glow when hold next to a power line
James May should check it.
You never disappoint.
It's almost as if electricity and other areas considered "science"  deserve an education unit of its own instead of clumping it all into a single textbook and forcing it as jumbled wrong nonsense down students throats
Thank you for teaching us something so basic about something I'm using right now literally 😂😂😂 I would have never known but it kinda makes sense since we know electricity lives on the electromagnetic field that is ubiquitous, makes sense electricity happens through there too
Good video, but i still think electricity is just magic
More questions: do you look at these questions in the “more questions” topic????
What would happen with a single u shaped coaxial cable with a 1 meter gap at the open end of the u and a lightsecond long path around the u?
So, the electric field travels at the speed of light through the space between the wires.  But what is the electric field made of?  Not photons, but what?  Is it the speed of light or something else?
Being humble to admit your mistakes and learn from other perspectives is what science is all about. No ego, just learning and discovering something new is amazing, our society needs more of this today
I believe in fields.    But why arent we tapping into that churning molten core... we have a huge electricity producer under our feet
read books!
The genius of the video is that it gets the physics and engineering community to chime in and have a debate.  It's really boring when everyone agrees on a topic.
Batteries are fake. How you tell med some metal foil with some acid just makes mu torch go 🌞. Its all fake.
It seems that there are two effects here which are illustrated at about 18:50 into the video. The first is the electric field emanating from the vicinity of the  battery/switch. This is transmitted through the air and results in a relatively small voltage at the bulb. The second is the current transmitted through the conductor. This current is due to the EMF (field) in the conductor and is transmitted through the conductor at the speed of light. Since the main question seems to be about the time taken for transmission of power in a circuit, it is very misleading to include the first scenario, which is at best a second order effect, enhanced in this case by the proximity of the battery/switch and the bulb. There is a good reason we use conductors to transmit electric power... They are orders of magnitude more efficient that using fields through the air.
Thanks Derek, because of your explanation things are much clearer now like how even in the case of open circuit capacitor get its initial voltage as same as battery or the concept of AC supply and its effects. Also you've made me realise that I should have paid attention to my Electromagnatic Field Theory class I just got its score and it's 32/50 lol but all i did was remember some formulas basics and practiced many numericals from sadiku lol
I removed my negative comment, because this explanation actually makes sense, as opposed to your prior video. That said, electromagnetic forces are not energy. They are body forces that energize electrons or photons. The electrons are what transmit the energy in a circuit. It's really semantics of how scientists define energy. If a rock falls off a cliff and hits something, gravity did not "transmit/carry" the energy. The rock did. By definition, body forces do not transmit energy.
This video is a better explanation. It's a bit long winded. You could have explained this without getting into the weeds. Your first video was incomprehensible. You're also making the assumption that engineers think electricity works the way they're taught in their basic circuits classes. Good engineers know those are models meant to simplify circuit design and analysis. Engineers know they need to account for the fields, especially when the current is high enough to affect adjacent circuits, or the current is switching so quickly, EMI becomes a serious problem. Furthermore, saying the fields carry the energy is semantics. Energy itself, and conservation of energy, is a scalar construct that stems directly from Newton's laws, which are vector laws. The concept of energy is useful for solving problems, and designing machines. However, it's best to remember that energy is merely a construct. Even in the way scientists typically explain energy, they don't say that body forces are the energy. They say that objects affected by the body forces, have potential energy. It's the objects that transmit the energy (scalar of conservation of momentum) from one location to another.
Garbage .... clueless trash info
If this is true that electricity is waves on the outside of the wire, why do we only get a shock when touching a bare conductor?
Keep calm, I advice, the truth value varies in the binary register now.
If you would perform the experriment whith this circuit I advice Mr Veritasium and Mr Bruce Hint not to read till the end the light bulb would not light whit other speed that the carge, teavels in the electroconductive material, c speeed.
. I am not acusing Mr Veritasium shall I calk him and Mr Bruce Hunt a universitary proffesor that I somewhat contradict this day 14.12.2023 on the older video that they are saing energy traveling by time is redundant to ask or the energy travels whith speed 1/c or if you say energy apear faster than electric force thus by a wonder the effect of electric current can express itself even in the absence of electric force, neither that it does not I am speaking for simple people Mr Veritasium and Mr Bruce Hunt are higher that someone or enother concluding
It is nothing simpler if you have a pair of electrical conductors by arising a differnce of potential at one end the difference of potential, I say as it folows because you accept and like... pusht expresion ,,travels'' at speed c. The speed c can be determind and was determined by a sistem formed of a source of alternaiting signal, a antenna of variable kenght, and another antenna of variable lenght benefitiating from an lc circuit and a meter to find the best coupling, I don't know if I shall say coupling or energy transfer and if I have not seen the problematic video I would had knowh for sure, I am not joking. Permit me to give an advice do not speak obssesivly about the particulates whit negative charge, speak less about them . Any effect can appear only if the pressence o electric force exist , at a certain location, the mechanics of electric charge ar analog to simple mechanics.
So, the energy is just really being "beamed" to the bulb along the shortest path possible 😀.
Really not my field 😂
How electric field knows when switch is closed or open?
What if you are powering the lightbulb with a 120v ac source with 3 wires running through the conduit (black, neutral, ground)? Would the electric field be on the surface of the hot wire or on the surface of both the neutral and the hot? Or would both wires have individual fields?
@Veritasuim, what do you mean by the “bulb lights up”?
I wish you would straighten out Kathy on Kathy Loves Physics. Did you watch her response video?  Wow!
Most electricians and energineers don’t really understand the Maxwells equations.
without the circuit being complete, no electrons would flow at all, there is no push, it would not work unless complete, and event hen, what you're talking about is still kind of cheating the system, as if the wires were farther apart every axis, that electric field would not reach and would need to instead go through the wire - as far as I understand at least. I think its misleading still but with an interesting fact.
Yes, that is what Derek and some others were trying to suggest, and that is WRONG.    .. .  They have got confused about E and M Fields. . .    They clearly do not understand Electricity properly and picking up on things they have heard and do not properly understand what they have heard.  OK yes there will be a voltage or E field when there is Voltage on a wire, but that is very small and will NOT induce any Current, it is 90° in the wrong direction even to even induce a very tiny current.      .  The M field is only present when Current IS flowing INSIDE the wire, so again, the M field can not cause any current, but is caused by the Current.    .  That Current being pushed and or pulled through INSIDE the wire by the Voltage at the different ends of the wire, from the Battery, causing electrons to flow INSIDE the wire.
Question: If the magnetic fields travel at the speed of light, then why would fiber optic have an advantage over coaxial cable?   Amazing video.  I had always wondered why coaxial cable was coaxial - side by side seems much cheaper.  Now I get it.  Why doesn't CAT 5 have similar issues?  How about a video on data transmission!  (Hope you didn't already address this in the previous 22K replies)
Do electrons flow inside the conductor or on the surface of the conductor? 4:42
I took my circuits final at 7:30am today. Never in a million years would I have imagined I’d be watching this tn haha
Sounded so distinguished until bro said zillions
If your not making people upset, your not doing it right.
Yes there are fields both Voltage and Magnetic fields around wires.    ..  The voltage field radiates away from  the wire, when there is voltage on the wire relative to the ground, and can not induce the current in the wire, and the magnetic field rotates around the wire when there is current flowing in the wire.. . .   BUT Both these are very small and almost insignificant below about 100 Voltage and less than 10 Amps. . . .  But neither of these are responsible for the POWER down wires. . .   99.9% something % of the Power in Wires at DC and low frequency AC is due to the  VOLTAGE difference between the wire ends, causing Current to flow down INSIDE the wire.. . .  I hope you now understand this, and understand how pulses will travel down the wire at about 60% of the speed of light, in the wire, and the EM fields are far too small to do anything across the 1 metre air space.
This is probably my favorite YouTube video I’ve ever seen
BS
Yes there are fields both Voltage and Magnetic fields around wires.    ..  The voltage field radiates away from  the wire, when there is voltage on the wire relative to the ground, and can not induce the current in the wire, and the magnetic field rotates around the wire when there is current flowing in the wire.. . .   BUT Both these are very small and almost insignificant below about 100 Voltage and less than 10 Amps. . . .  But neither of these are responsible for the POWER down wires. . .   99.9% something % of the Power in Wires at DC and low frequency AC is due to the  VOLTAGE difference between the wire ends, causing Current to flow down INSIDE the wire.. . .  I hope you now understand this, and understand how pulses will travel down the wire at about 60% of the speed of light, in the wire, and the EM fields are far too small to do anything across the 1 metre air space.
Very enlightening! This part of physics at the microscopic level always causes a lot of headaches, but it's crucial for you to kill the problem. I still have some doubts, and you clarified exactly what I was looking for. Besides the initial pulse, a small current is established until the field, channeled by the wires, reaches the bulb and generates the maximum and permanent current. The wires are important, but even so, it's the field that transmits the energy, and this becomes evident when you discover how slow the drift velocity of electrons is. It's hard to say if your first video is right or wrong.
as someone with a physics degree and almost an electrical engineering minor your videos are awesomely inspiring in way most of my classes never were
N. Tesla tried to get us away from pesky wires a long time ago
So Tesla understood that our Planet is one big battery which creates electric field.We all floating in it, and everyone can create and connect by itself to source of energy without cables ? All we need is a right frequency just like with radio weaves  ???
Isn't this a - it's turtles all the way down - type of thing and you just jumped on a turtle? It begs the next question.
Wait, I thought the Poynting Vector points inwards to the wire?
Now we need a rap battle.
24 minutes and 30 seconds later and i realized this is an apology video.  Nothing new was said in this video but 1 thing is missing. The apology it self. If its not an apology experiment "hilarious" then one for the 24min of my life i spent here would be lovely 😂😂😂😂
its just a antenna
The point where you are misleading is that you show a closed circuit but your claim has actually nothing to do with the circuit being closed. And you skip very fast over the part where the same small current flows through a lamp which wires aren't connected to the circuit at all. So your claim is not about how electric circuits work but how induction works.
I dont get the part about the gradient of charge built up on the surface of the conducting wire , could someone explain?
All this copper…. Wasted, all I need is a vacuum.
Abstraction is convenient, but to truly understand something you need to pierce the walls of its black boxes and peer inside.
Can somebody explain to me in easier words please? How did the bulb light up even though the switch was opened?
I cannot help but note a similarity in the electric field example and how respiration works (electrons are oxygen, protons are CO2…the battery is the lungs/heart, the lightbulb is the brain/body)
Question, thinking from a new perspective now, why do we need bigger wire when increasing the amperage?  And how does the field change when you up the voltage or the amperage? The affects on the field?  And would you say a conductor is just a artificially a long long long stretched out magnet?
I loved this. It actually helps me understand my job as an EMI EMC Tech.
Surely somewhere in the 22k previous comments someone has asked this but I don't have the time or patience to wade through all of them, so I hope you will forgive any repetition. (BTW, I throughly enjoy all your videos.) So, my question is, what happens if you placed a Faraday shield between the two long conductors so that the EM field can not propagate directly from one to the other? Or is that a non-sensical question?
WOW Thank you, i finally understood what Nikola Tesla was trying
Funk oil companies
In electrical classes we are taught the (assuming) copper wire is made up of copper atoms. Those copper atoms contain loose electrons in their valence ring. Those loose electrons move from one copper atom to the next, creating balanced copper atoms and unbalanced (positive ions). None of this was mentioned in the video. Are you stating this is not true and does not happen, or was it omitted for other reasons? Appreciate any clarification you can provide!
At 4:57 this is only true that they cancel out in steady state DC current, which is not really what we're talking about here. In a changing electric field the charge density is not zero and it's not perfectly canceled out.
there is only IN and OUT in all of existence.... everything in reality goes from a state of higher potential to a state of lower potential seeking rest... the reason there is no rest is the question....
Why can't we capture lightning strikes?
Electricity does not exist.  It's only a theory.
Another wonderful video. I studied chemistry and biology at uni. However, we had six units of physics in our first year, electricity and magnetism being one of them. I found that unit impossible 😢. However, in less than thirty minutes, you managed to engage my mind's eye. Brilliant 😊
I came back after Alphapheonix's video
Those wires are copper pipe, right?
Thank you so much. This has really helped me understand the lumped model, and why it never made sense to me.
This is how science is supposed to work.
The numerous and in-depth responses to the previous video are some of the best examples of Cunningham's law.  "The best way to get the right answer on the Internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer."
I can not make videos.. .  I do not need to disprove anything, simply say it is wrong, the Electrical Power at DC travels INSIDE the wires.. . .  You have the best proof in your car, where all the wires in the cable harnesses all do what they are intended to do.. .  And clearly that can only be current INSIDE the wires, not by external fields.. . . .  Others have made videos disproving Derek.
Does anybody know for sure   1) What is the length of that circuit from end to end?  He says 10 m, but isn’t clear about whether that’s the half distance or the full distance.   2) What the time per division setting is on that oscilloscope trace at around 19:00?  It can’t be the “50 ns” that shows up prominently at the bottom of the display, can it?
This is exactly how a transformer works! It’s also the reason why EMF is detrimental in industrial applications
this is a trash video still talking about drift velocity of e-'s, free electrons travel near the speed of light. they are relativistic, because they have fermi energy
Now do this with shielded wire. Don't forget to drain the shields to ground.
Why do we feels a eletric shock just when we touch the bare wire? And even with a thin layer of plastic we do not feel the shock.
In my electrician year 4 book it says in the first line is that we do not understand electricity yet. So there.
But why doesn't it affect our hand or our body because if we touch the circuit it will strick ourselves
Intresting..but how does the electricity actually works?
After watching both of the videos I now believe electrical engineers are in fact actual witches.
So basically the moment you hook the wires to the battery there is an instantaneous field the full length of the wire?
So how is it that a completely isolated circuit can’t power a random lightbulb if it’s to do with electrical and magnetic fields?
The hall effect right?
@13:22 so why does the bulb does not glow wn there is a cut in wire by rat?? the circuit isnt complete!! right??
this was a great video but i have a question, why the conductor is negative and positive ? why it is not just negative or just positive? and sorry if my English is bad.
Think of a battery as simply the place in the circuit where the voltage difference is at. It simply allows the flow of the existing electrons in the circuit.
Still not getting Derek's point, if the fastest speed is agreed on, unless the consensus understanding isn't correct.
So...is the field pushed in a speed greater than the speed of light like compressing a Hydraulic pressure or some type of analogy to it? As in..like a pressure similar to a car shock that changes  immediately on one end by a change in the other?
instead of the light bulb being 1m away, what if it was further. So that the initial voltage induced by the magnetic field wouldn't be enough to turn on the light.
I'm a retired high school teacher who specialized in electricity and electronics - computer engineering to be more specific.   I was not aware of this field explanation. Thinking back about my lessons, I would still teach them the way I did, as this is additional detail that would not get through to my students; it would just confuse them. Teaching is providing info that is necessary to understand a concept. Good teachers know what to include in a lesson and what to exclude. In other words, going down a rabbit hole with details can lead to unnecessary confusion.  Thanks for the details.
In generator-tech trade school we learned the right hand rule, and that magnetic fields emanate and collapse from the center of the conductor outwards in AC flowing circuits. The magnetic field "cuts" its own wire as it expands outwards, and cuts it again when it collapses. This was how we were taught that AC accomplishes Faraday's rules of induction, that the expanding and contracting magnetic field cutting its own wire, and possibly coils of nearby wire, at a set frequency is the motion of the magnetic field cutting a conductor. This "self-inflicted induction" AC causes is known as inductive reactance. We were taught this is how transformers operate, with AC a must-have to bring "relative motion" into the mix which should induce current in all conductors cut by the ever-propagating magnetic field in and around the wires, and even in wires not physically connected to the circuit. We were never taught that this "breathing" magnetic field in and around the wires were accompanied by an electric field brought on by surface charge differential that was started and maintained by some power source. We were not taught that these two interconnected fields actually transfer the energy which causes the electrons to move. This inductive reactance can get so out-of-hand that it creates a counter-voltage working against the source of power. With more motors on the circuit, capacitors may be needed to reduce the counter-EMF. "Current lags behind voltage" when dealing with an inductive-heavy circuit load, such as motors. This separation of the voltage and current arriving out of sync is known as the power factor, expressed in a percentage. The inverse cosine of the power factor equals the angle of separation between the voltage and current. This video demonstrates that the "conductor hopping" nature of AC transformers that is mind-boggling to us is a more appropriate demonstration of how electricity works than the contemporary idea of electrons flowing through a closed loop circuit inside low resistance conductors. Fascinating. Thank you.
How on earth did they ever figure this stuff out about particles they can't even see as they so small.
No wonder Tesla went mad. He wanted to invent wireless electricity and he knew the stuff already transferred energy in fields. And still no one's really figured out a way to eliminate the wires. Essentially the conductors just provide a pathway for the other phenomena to occur. Like a streetcar trolley hooked to the electric cables above the street, the trolley doesn't get its energy for movement from itself or from other trolleys. It gets that energy from the cable overhead. The electrons in the conductors don't get their energy for movement from each other, it comes from the fields around the wires.
After watching this video, makes me want to go screw in a light bulb into the dirt and see if it lights up.  😂
This person may be a genius but he confuses by not explaining properly, you can clearly see only physicists gave good reviews.
Why is it 1 meter travel time? What are the remaining wires for?
I have been trying to understand this for 30 years
The most ironical title ever: I thought I understood, but guess what happened after watching?
How far does the electric field extend? It’s all well and good when the switch or power source is right next to the load but what about transmission lines from a power plant to a substation 100 miles away in a straight line. Does the electric field just extend that far at the speed of light? How far will that field extend and is it dependent on the amount of voltage being transmitted? Current is only present when a load is introduced. Otherwise breakers would trip and wires would burn as soon as voltage is introduced. As an electrician we were taught that voltage drop is why things don’t work over long distances. Does the size of the wire and composition affect how well the electrical field induces a current in the wire? A light bulb might be dim at 300 feet away from an electrical panel being supplied by 120v through 12AWG wire, but would be totally fine if you ran 10AWG or bigger. Or just jump the voltage to 277 like we do a lot of the time. This video left me with more questions than answers and I’m going to absolutely ruin my apprentices day tomorrow.
I still say you are showing the first cycle of hi frequency transmission lines and antennas. not power  generating systems..
By not explaining well, we got a pretty good experiment. Science is supposed to be about asking questions and challenging things and ideas.
Nice,  just because the circuit isn't"closed" doesn't mean there isn't a field as soon as the negative or positive portion of the battery is connected.    This could also we tested with a nuclear clock and power outages from long ranges plants such as powerton in pekin illinois and it delivers power to Chicago. They would probably never let you do that.  But still interesting.  Gravity is also faster than the speed of light.  You can perform a nice experiment by attaching a ball  to a string and spinning it rapidly,   cutting the string,  and the ball will proceed at the degree the string was cut without delay.
Im team vertasium for this nerd fight
After an year and half of watching this video the first time, I finally understand it now lol
Magnificent video but there's something I am slightly confused at, please correct me if I'm wrong at any point or clarify for me: So we established once the battery is put, immediatly, at the speed of light, the charges rearange themselves along the wire. Doesn't that only apply to closed or semi-closed circuits? let me elaborate my doubt So in 13:02 aproximately it presents the case where the circuit is open somewhere along the way. If that gap is big enough, wouldn't that prevent the charges along the wire to rearange in the first place? which would not allow the electromagnetic field to change and therefore the lightbulb couldn't light up. Isn't that the case? Just to be clear: I do understand how it works for the single standalone wire bellow mentioned in 13:30, but in that particular case the circuit above is complete and does make sense for me. Ps: that case i present still wouldn't break causality I believe, I just wanna make sure I got it right.
@veritasium can you do one about electric field induced? Is the same phenomena that push electrons in the metal or it’s a different one?
I loved how important your information is and hated how unrelated some of it is to the original question.
Shame on you Derek for not now admitting your Video was a prank or simply badly informed and Wrong. . . .  Electrical power at DC travels Inside the wires and not outside in fields as you wrongly suggested.      How do you think all the wires in cars work if their electricity was outside the wires. ?. . .  You are giving bad information on the Internet.
Maybe I’m more dense than the average density, but it makes no sense to me why Derek would use the supposedly erroneous explanation / animation of “electrons-flowing-through-the-wire[switch]” at 11:17 …when apparently so much of the point of the video was to explain why that concept is wrong… I mean… I thought it was *fields* — and not electrons flowing like fluid molecules through a pipe. I do not grok.
As an electrical engineer, they glossed over this information but didnt go deep into because it wasn't convenient. They just taught us the lumped element model even in the mid to late 2010s. It's the more practical way of thinking about this but it was nice to get a fresh and alternative way of thinking about circuits that I can apply and think about.
I still don't know the answer.
At 11:28 into the video, you explain that the magnetic field causes bulb to glow. So does that mean if there is another bulb with parallel wire along the existing bulb that would glow to, as it will feel the magnetic field too?
I live  in a pea soup world. But flow through  it with  ease. Invisible to me are the obstacles because  I am  one of them.
😂
And this is why time field theory is called time field theory instead of something else.
Please pardon my ignorance.  So if the switch is 100 meters away from the light bulb, is the answer then 100 meter divided by the speed of light? (That is, the amount of time it takes before the bulb lights up after the switch closes, given that the parallelly positioned cables are all 100 meters apart as well)
I guess the next question is why the surface charges build up (which is still being a bit glossed over). Also what happens if you move components around; if you add in a second resistor/light bulb, or move components around, maybe even adding in a second switch. So many fun things to play around with.
This could be explained by just saying the parallel wire is an antenna. Make it infinitely long= collect everything from the transmitter, and for parallel wires the reaction time is indeed the distance between them divided by speed of light.... So easy kids in elementary school can understand
This is electric content 😊
use the field Luke, use the field....
Hi Derek. Hope you are good.  I just want to ask a question regarding moving magnetic fields.  Why exactly does a moving magnetic field have to exert a force on a charged particle?   In other words why does the relative motion between a moving charge and a magnetic field lead to a force being exerted on the charge?  Is it just the nature of a magnetic force and if so, why?  I'm just looking to understand the process of electromagnetic induction better. Especially in transformers.
I think mentioning that a lot of what you are talking about is the concept of "displacement current" would help clarify a lot of stuff for the disbelievers. This concept is well understood by PCB designers. Anyone who has questions can look it up and read for them selves.
Thanks for the video Derek. This video brought a greater understanding to me of how electricity works. Now I want to challenge you to either prove or disprove that high-end audio cables make a difference in sound.
can someone explain if electricity is nothing but fields exciting electrons then how electric arcs come outof some wires and we get shock. for if it was field all along even if we put our hands near the insulated wire we must get shock...as the fields radiate outside. can someone pls explain .thanks
The ONLY BIG QUESTION that *never gets answered* is that when you draw the various *Poynting vectors* (which originate from the center of the Battery, radially, in all directions) some of the P-vectors end-up being VERY SHORT (as they make their way from a Battery terminal to a Lightbulb terminal) and some of the P-vectors end-up being VERY LONG (because they travel along JUST OUTSIDE OF the outer “skin” of a connecting wire.)  Question: If the energy is carried at a uniform constant speed, by the field, then how can this uniformity be achieved when there exists a wide variation in P-vector lengths?
When you route a trace you better define the other side of that transmission line or your fields spread = not good  I just bought my first circuit kit, i am trying to learn  Any resources or books anyone woild recommend?
By “on”, most people would understand that to mean that the potential difference across the load (a light bulb, resistor, whatever) at its rated value for the given circuit. You (Veritasium) are correct by saying that a voltage signal is seen at 1m/c seconds after flipping the switch, but this signal has a magnitude that is far less than the rated voltage (although it is still orders of magnitude greater than any leakage-related signal)  A better question to ask here is what are you trying to show/teach here? Yes, in transient response (i.e. something changes in the circuit like a switch closing), all signals respond given the propagation of the electric and magnetic fields in the surrounding insulator (which is some very significant portion of the speed of light), but these responses are often negligible except for cases of high frequency transients or long distances and high impedances (i.e. computer circuitry and transmission lines). The signal we “care” about propagates along the conductor itself and reflects  at changes of impedances. You even demonstrated that with the field simulations for a conductor that wasn’t even connected to the original circuit.  So it’s better to say that “electricity is more complicated than you think” rather than “how electricity actually works”.
How do you make the animations in your videos, or what program do you use?
Imagine the ocean with its vast expanse of waves rolling toward the shore.  The waves represent the electromagnetic signal or wave in an electrical current. Just as the energy of an ocean wave can travel vast distances across the sea, the electromagnetic wave travels quickly down a wire. When you see a wave approach from the horizon and move toward the shore, it's like the electrical signal traveling down a wire.  The water molecules in these waves represent the electrons in a conductor. When a wave passes through a particular spot in the ocean, the water molecules at that spot mainly move up and down (and perhaps a little bit in the direction of the wave, but not much). They don't travel far horizontally with the wave; instead, they transmit the wave's energy to neighboring water molecules through their up-and-down motion. Similarly, in a conductor, the electrons themselves don't travel very fast (they have a slow "drift velocity"). However, they help transmit the energy of the electromagnetic wave by moving and interacting with neighboring electrons.  So, when you're standing at the beach and watching waves roll in, it's a bit like watching an electrical current flow. The overall wave (or signal) moves quickly and covers long distances, while the individual water molecules (or electrons) are more involved in transmitting that energy locally.
Wow, this Segway Portable PowerStation Cube Series sounds like an amazing option for outdoor enthusiasts like us! With its massive capacity, fast recharging, and waterproof design, it seems perfect for camping trips or as a backup power source at home. Thanks for sharing this recommendation!
People didn’t work out shortcuts you worked out a long-cut
so techincally these series of videos are showing the initial perturbation state until steady flow state is achieved.  over the air E field (wireless power transmission) dominates initially and once saturated through the circuit, over the circuit E field (wired power transmission) takes over.    I think your video needs another series showing what happens when one end of circuit is incomplete, and the switch is closed i.e. what happens to the remote power when steady stead is reached on an incomplete circuit.
OK, first, DC from 1.5V as in the drawing, 12V as used for the test, or even 1,000 Volts if they wanted to use, would have passed all the Current from the Battery, through the Switch, to the Light INSIDE the wires and not by any external fields.     .  That would have been very approximately at about 1/10 the speed of light...  So almost instantaneously, but not quite.    .  But when the Switch was Closed, there would have been an instantaneous change of state, that is a square edge, which results in infinite harmonic waves.    .  This front edge wave will travel, as a Wave at about 0.6 the speed of light, that is why he saw an advanced power at the light, nothing to do with anything going acros the 1 meter spacing from the Switch to the Lamp. . . .  Remember, waves are waves, and not direct energy, but the Electrons are already in ALL the wires, so the wave will cause some to move very early.      .   The M or Magnetic Field around a wire when Current is flowing in that wire will be very small, even at 10 Amps, that would be almost unmeasurable, beyond a few millimeters away.  . . .  The E or Voltage Field would be there all the time the battery is in the circuit, and again, even at 100V would be extremely small. . .   It is only when you get up into the thousands of volts does the E field start to become significant.
Am I correct in my understanding that this is how a transformer works?
I wonder if you were to explain how electricity works using the example of a 100 amp arc welder , there might be far less confusion.
this should be obvious using Maxwell equations; actually Faraday knew this; first principles are key
I can not believe there are so many gullible people on the internet, who believe this WRONG Video.    The DC Current flows INSIDE the Wire and not by external fields.     Derek is very WRONG on this and others I have contacted refuse to Learn, Ah.!   That is their problem.
I am a very simple tech, and missed the first question or hypothesis that you posed, so excuse the elementary question: I understand the electric field is "exciting" the parallel wire but the greater the distance between the conductors, or a very long physically circular circuit would yield different timings correct? The distance between the more or less continuously parallel paths determines "light speed response to the (induced?) electric field?
Hi, I m starting to learn all this stuff about circuit and i was told that in order to have a current in a wire, it must be a closed circuit but in the video is proven that it isnt necessary. Did i misunderstand something or what is taught in school is wrong? Thanks for the answer
t=This was so convenient to watch just as were learning this topic in school. It's honestly a great explanation even for the basics
__ Electric universe. Just sayin.
__ So it's like a bunch of agitated sheep shoved together while a huge flock of starlings dive-bombs them.   No wonder my mechanic's having trouble figuring out the electrics in my 2000 Econoline E150 van.
__ As Newton of the jungle might have said: we stand on the shoulders of giant ants.
I catch your drift.
Thanks!
Where is the earth's magnetic field in this equation, also does gravity and light from the sun interact?
Veritasium or is it Derek,   ... Do you now understand that your video is a nonsense. ?  .. . I hope not to many people were suckered into this wrong "  How Electricity Actually Works " video.
I’m so confused.
Tesla was a genius
Does this work if the gap is more than 1 meter? Like if you had a large gap between the switch and the bulb, but still smaller than the length of the entire wire, would the bulb go on? I would assume not as the magnetic field is so small and drops off fast as you move away from the switch?
I'm not clear how the voltage in the resistor increases from 4 volts to 18 volts -- what's happening in the fields ?
I have further questions after watching your videos on this topic. What if, using the same length of wires, they're arranged in a square shape or circle shape, what would happen? And is there a distance between the wires that is too great for the energy to cross? Would the light then not turn on?
should put it in the general standard textbook☺
My boy Dirac would be so proud. :'D
Please get tuned into facts,  1. anti gravity is a product of the center field of a magnet. 2. the center of a magnet when vibrated will repel water  3.  If you vibrate granite rock with the center field of a magnet at the correct frequency it will turn like butter.  that's just the beginning it will play a Hugh part of our country's  future.  The anti gravity  is only applicable to none iron type material such as glass or plastic.  If you have a bar magnet simply tap the center near a trickle of water and watch the water  move out of the way. Tap the center field on any none metalic surface and watch it loose weight.  You can not use a sign wave type vibration it must be saw tooth .  A sign wave signal contains the centerfield, that's what pushes AC and radio signals around the  world.  A sign wave has three elements on an oscilloscope you only see the two ,  On a scope you see the positive cycle and the negative cycle you never see the most significant part of the cycle and that is the center field that produces the energy to push the energy forward!!!  There is allot to be learned about the magnetic center field ..  Please help spred the news ..
Thanks to that video I understand way less than before about the power :D
11:00
Derek, i believe that it is not worth paying attention to those comments that come form people who clearly don't understand physics. I think you video is real clear.
Thats how tranformers works, right?
You lost this novice for good about half way.
BRO JUST STOP! its total bs and u know it. You're misleading people for views. IT IS THE ELECTRONS that push on eachother! Otherwise you wouldn't need a conductor with free electrons!  Try the same 300k meter wire with the bulb 30 meters from the battery and tell me the power to the bulb isnt negligible. Your using a misleading example with the bulb crazy close to the battery where the electromagnetic force is significant. In general, it is not! Its the free electrons that carry it.   You're just using a disguised transformer and acting like its how every wire works.
Also we don't have unshielded wires hanging around. That weakens the pointing vector and with that the intensity of the fields going out.
This is absolutely brilliant. As a high school science teacher, I have not found a better explanation of how electricity really works - and my students can follow it and learn because it isn’t laden with equations. I applaud you, Derek! Thank you!
Fun fact electricity is the slippery rope  being slippery
Never doubted you, Derek!! This is a great follow up video,  though. Thank you 🙌👍💪
I still don't understand.
Nikola Tesla is grinning. 😔
Got a layman question… are magnetic fields created by electrical current or by electrical fields?
I know😂
Don’t worry Derrick. It’s not your fault that we teach an elementary understanding of electronics to people en mass as if that’s how the world works. The issue here is that we do that and give people the confidence to speak as if they objectively know when their understanding is a compromised version simplified to prioritize ubiquity over competency. It’s great that people have easy ways to understand electricity. For 99% of people the simple explanation is sufficient for safety and utilization. People watching this video however have an interest in learning more for the sake of it and it’s at this collegiate level of understanding that most people unfortunately chose to cry foul rather than see the attempt to learn. Your only mistake was making a video about something people already thought they understood. Personally for me this was the video that finally tied my understanding of the maxwell equations from physics to the application I learned as an engineer and I’m really grateful for that. Your collusion with often opposed fields has improved my (and I’m guessing many other’s) understanding of the universe and that’s something to be proud of; especially in response to such a response from an initial, well intended video.
Bro is never wrong
Those are some pretty thick wires.  I wonder why they didn't just use wire?
As an electrician working in the field, I can confidently say: This is above my pay grade.
Excellent!
Make the circuit in the shape of a large square and the results wont surprise most people.
Would holding up a fluorescent light tube near a powerful TV / Radio repeater antena make it turn on?  I grew up in Monterrey, México. In the mountain Cerro de la Silla there is an iconic TV / Radio repeater station. When I was younger one of my friends said that he interned for them, and that the "radiation/frequencies" were so strong that one could just hold a fluorescent light tube towards the antena and it would light up.  He even said the red warning lights (airplane warning lights) weren't even connected to the electric grid, it was all using the antenas waves.
There's a programming meme where A programmer post a question on stackoverflow and the comments a wrong answer to a his own question then watches other programmers correct him. This is how he always gets his problems solved
Impressive and explains error current in circuit boards
Please get tuned into facts,  1. anti gravity is a product of the center field of a magnet. 2. the center of a magnet when vibrated will repel water  3.  If you vibrate granite rock with the center field of a magnet at the correct frequency it will turn like butter.  that's just the beginning it will play a Hugh part of our country's  future.  The anti gravity  is only applicable to none iron type material such as glass or plastic.  If you have a bar magnet simply tap the center near a trickle of water and watch the water  move out of the way. Tap the center field on any none metalic surface and watch it loose weight.  You can not use a sign wave type vibration it must be saw tooth .  A sign wave signal contains the centerfield, that's what pushes AC and radio signals around the  world.  A sign wave has three elements on an oscilloscope you only see the two ,  On a scope you see the positive cycle and the negative cycle you never see the most significant part of the cycle and that is the center field that produces the energy to push the energy forward!!!  There is allot to be learned about the magnetic center field ..  Please help spred the news ..
fukdude!
If you guys haven't figured it out ... he "apologizes" for not bring clear in his explanation.. well, hes too smart to make that type of "mistake" on ACCIDENT... his intentions were to CAUSE controversy... to generate interest and participation... i think its a genius play... bravo kid.. bravo
Im not a science student and I dont understand one bit but this experiment kinda similar to the cooking  induction where the steel pot gets heated without even being in contact, a centimetres apart and it still causes vibration to heat up the pot.
Damn, you owned all of those doubters. Even made 'experts' look like fools!
From someone with zero knowledge of electricity, this was very informative. I always thought electricity flowed through wires almost like a liquid would in pipes. The thought about the fields is blowing my mind.
I love all his videos and this one (and the one before this that takes about his concept) in particular because he really has gone out of his way to explain this - the concept of electric field/circuit. But I don't know why this was an issue (i.e. the apparent misconceptions). Yes, the lumped element model was taught when I was doing my GCSE physics, but all that drift velocity (negligible), electric field (nearly equal to the speed of light)  = current starts to flow almost simultaneously at all point in a circuit was taught at A-Level in 1988 (at least I hope they still do!). If any of you can get hold of an A-Level physics textbook by Tom Duncan (Physics - A Textbook for Advanced Level Students, 2nd ed.), you will see this concept is being explained very clearly and concisely in only a page or so. So, my question is WHY so many people had commented on the initial video that it was wrong? I guess either they have forgotten all about it or indeed the original video isn't clear enough, just as Derek had humbly admitted (which I thought he didn't need to because he WAS very clear in that one).
I think the original video was flawed in that, most people (were taught to) assume a wired circuit must be formed, and the diagram of the giant circuit you presented implicitly affirms this assumption, even if that’s not what you meant. When communicating ideas, sometimes not explicitly stating something can mean stating the opposite implicitly, one must take into account the way of thinking of their audience.
I still don't get it. How are the surface charges created?
Hello. My name is Antonela, I'm from Romania. I'm working on a project called Reversibility. It's good to be able to formulate this property from a mathematical point of view. There's a lot of work.Thank you for your courses, which I follow with great love.
Many years ago, in high school. A student put a paper clip inside the wall outlet, and it started to spark crazy. What's the scientific reason that cause this to happen? Or if you put metal aluminum foil inside a microwave. It also sparks?
um… doesn’t time stamp 5:40 and 11:30 directly contradict each other?  5:40 states that distance from the battery doesn’t influence current in the load. 11.30 is saying the distance of the load from the switch/ battery determines how much time it takes for a current to begin flowing because of its position in the field relative to the battery and not the wire.  i really feel like this video is all over the place. like… he’s even saying you can even have an open circuit and still get current.  is he mixing DC and AC current? like he keeps talking about a DV battery but the kinds of induced current he’s talking about all sound like sn AC power source
Hello, you are wrong at 13:18. If the Battery is a normal DC Battery and the circuit is not complete, then the Bulb will go ON only for a very tiny amount of time (Im not even sure if the Human eye will be able to see it). The thing is that battery can be explained at 2 metal plates and between them there is very high resistance. One plate has many electrons, other plate has almost 0, so one side is (-), other side is (+). When you will connect the (-) to the wire which is not complete, then it will send out some of the electrons to this wire and at this time there will be Electric Filed propagated and the Bulb may go ON, but after some time protons and electrons including the Battery Electric Field will stay at balance and there will be 0V at the Bulb. Of course if the Battery is AC, then the Bulb can be ON all the time, but then it will be ON even without a special "switch" so Im assuming that you are talking about DC :)
If the switch has those charges arranged in that way why doesn't it behave like a capacitor? I've been told that overhead lines form a virtual capacitor with the ground and energy leaks if they are too close to the ground as there is a V between them and hence a uniform electric field. Why doesnt this happen with the switch when the two plates are much closer?
The electron is a mathematical fiction
This channel got debunked as fake news yet again 😂
EMF
Never any mention that everything is externally powered. Move the Earth alone into a void, no current will move. The Sun is our bus to the greater EM
Use shielded wires.
great. wait wait wait. Was "The Science Asylum"   the first one who made this topic here on youtube or who was the first?
These guys don't really know forsure, what's going on with electricity, or sheepdogs?
Electronicians ! Assemble !
la mauvaise fois du mec, putain arrêtes de raconter des salades ....
Nicola Tesla would be intrigued to listen about how current was generated with a wifi signal
An excellent video on how electricity works. I had always had it explained in terms of the Lumped Element model, with electrons flowing through  a wire, which left me confused about where all the "free electrons" went.  I can see that Maxwells equations are more complex and the Lumped Element is simpler to work with.  A bit like calculating gravity with Newtons laws or General Relativity. I think I can understand how AC current works when I think about it in terms of alternating fields.
I disagree heavy bro, even if using a DC circuit. But I can agree to disagree, I can’t stand with you the claim that electrons are just passengers. Derek you should look up Cathode Rays.
can someone explain how do the surface charges spread on the wires ? i mean for the poynting vector those are essential and they cannot spread faster than light offc then how does the energy reach the bulb in 1/c ?
I’m imagining if the circuit were a square. With the load 300,000 km away from the source the explanation would be have to be different, because the field from the source isn’t close enough to power the load.
Ladies and gentlemen's. What we see on this wideo is a great example why you should not try to monetize on pseudo science videos if you do not have proper educational skills. You look funny when you try to teach professionals.
I've been trying hopelessly for over a decade to understand electronics basics, but I just never could. Didn't make enough fundamental sense in whatever explanation visual I was taught. Well it turns out just about everything I've learned was wrong anyway. Great time to start at ground zero. I'm not behind in class yet for once. ha I'm a 34 Audio Engineer on a sidequest journey to either prove or disprove the Earthing movement claims. Besides several classes in college, and constant Youtube videos, I'm learning more as I go, but I'm taking on a new claim to crack and I currently don't have enough understanding to really develop an experiment or interpret the results. Hoping to understand how much charge leaves your body and how fast. Hitting a wall big-time on how to figure that info out and kinda out of ideas to get to that point. Could you help me design an experiment to test that? Happy to fill you in the other experiments of what I've proven correct so far.  Thanks for the read.
You just made me even more confused
Ok, so what would happen with a bulb in a circular circuit? 🤔 When the bulb is on the opposite side. D*m/c? I'm serious.
Current wars
You're great, and this video is awesome. However, your original video was flat out wrong. You mentioned that the entire energy is carried by fields outside the wires, and made it seem as if this is the MAJORITY of the energy. You even claimed that this is how energy is transmitted from the power plant to our homes.  In fact, as you showed and explained very nicely in this video, this is a 2nd order effect. In this case, you measured 5V on the resistor, which is 25% of the terminal voltage. This corresponds to about 0.25^2=0.05 of the energy! And this is only because the two wires are very close. This "leakage" of energy is a near-field effect and drops way more rapidly than 1/r^2. Finally, this "leakage" only occurs when there's a load (resistance) to take energy from.  So yes, technically, the answer to your riddle is right, non-negligible current will reach the light bulb by t=1/c and if the light bulb is sensitive enough it will turn on.  But your big mistake is actually comparing this to how electricity gets from the power plant to our homes. And you're reinforcing that mistake in the video by stating that this is how wireless charging works. If this is how wireless charging worked, you didn't need the charger to ATTACH to the device. The charger needs to be attached because this is a near-field effect, as I mentioned earlier.  To summarize, I think you could've acknowledged your mistake in this case, rather than claim that you just didn't explain yourself well enough. The big mistake here is not about when the light bulb will turn on, but the fact that MOST of the energy is propagating on the surface of the wires, while you claimed it propagated through space.  BTW - it's also possible to 'steal' electricity without paying for it by putting a load near a high voltage wire. But this is stealing, not the main way electricity gets from the plant to our homes.
Anyone else getting flashbacks to back to the future when DOC was working by himself on the street
Santa Clara U?
Can someone explain 13:12? I thought the electric field comes into existence the moment there is a voltage differential that collapses when the switch is closed. But the wire left open has no voltage
I finally understand Ac.The pipe explanation makes no sense for Ac as it tells you the current flow equals the energy flow. For Dc the pipes work fine even if its not true or depicting the reality.
The physicist who kicked the hornets’ nest.
I’ll start by saying this doesn’t make any sense to me and I’m new to electricity. But basically what I think you’re saying is that things are powered from an electrical field not the actual electrons. However you still need the electrons and you still need a certain amount of them at a certain speed. Wouldn’t more volts increase the field? Does understanding how electricity “really works” actually make any difference for someone troubleshooting an electrical fault?
Every Electrical engineers came all the way here to comment 😂
Explain parasitic capacitance without using the phrase parasitic capacitance.
we should have a discussion sometime l!!! this is the kind of mind I need to collaborate with
What a gentleman
Very good response to that previous electricity vedio bro ❤
If you're bored and want to investigate something new I'd love to see a video investigating how Park core jumpers absorb/redirect their momentum to fall from great heights without getting hurt.  I think they might be turning the energy into centrifugal force?
Congratulations on starting a massive controversy in science.
Can anyone explain how charges on the surface of wires appears and why they have this polarization of charge (top side - all positive ions gradient, bottom side - all negative gradient)?
It could be an IIT JEE QUESTION
Why don't you all electrical guys come together live and bebat
The first question that occurs to me is if there is a better geometry to transmit the em field through wires than just a cylinder which by default is easier to manufacture?
Electrical Engineering is crazily complicated, even our lecturers can`t agree on principles
But what about AC circuits as if we believe this phenomenon than the average electric field generated will be zero? And what if we also consider delta combination transmission line where the distance from load isn't defined as simple as explained by you.
Wayyy better explanation!  Thank you and bravo for helping this electrical engineer understand what you meant in the first video.  Yah, I had to figure out the 1 was in meters and not unit-less. Back in my early days at Bell Labs, I was doing micro-strip lines on printed circuit boards because 500 MHz square waves on a PCB board must be handles as fields and not electrons.  Thanks for what you do; the knowledge is appreciated!
Just wondering if the choice of explaining resistivity in terms of electron-nucleus scattering, not mentioning electrons-phonons interaction, was not to burden the discussion.
Hi, I'm a 10th grade student traumatized by the electricity is explained in our textbook. I found your channel last year and it has helped me a lot and answered many of the questions I had. The arguments stated in the textbooks always give me a hard time. Although it will take a while to completely grasp this concept, I'm really greatful that you took the trouble of explaining it . P.S. Can you make a vedio explanting why magnets work the way they do? I've watched the vedios you posted in MinutePhysics about Magnetism but yeah . So,pretty please 🥺
thanks for info
Niceeee
👍
I thought the electrons were popping in and out of their shell orbits not constantly revolving around the neutron. When the electron pop out., where does it go? How much time elapse between popping in and popping out?
If that’s your definition of “mistake”… then yes. More “mistakes” please.  I was thrilled to see the reaction vids. It validated my fascination with the original vid!
You are a scientist
Still not ... A little better, shall we ?
Even more BS by Veritasium. As I commented on the in the first wrongheaded video the speed of MOTION TRANSMISSION is unrelated to the speed of the particles (electrons). The TRANSMISSION OF MOTION, unlike the SPEED OF THE PARTICLES is lightning fast because the column of electros is virtually INCOMPRESSIBLE due the strong repulsive electro-STATIC force between electrons. The electron column is as incompressible as a column of liquid. So even a slow push at one end will almost instantly make the other end of the column move.. So do not confuse SPEED OF PARTICLES  with the lightning fast speed of MOTION TRANSMISSION  in an INCOPRESSIBLE column.
Why can I not find the original video. Want to watch it before this one. 😅😅
He had Linus Sebastian moment
Awesome video!
Great explanation❤🎉
Oh I will have a hard time explaining this to my bell end electronics teacher.
Ive been noticing when i ride my bicycle under high voltage power lines my bike shocks me really bad. If i hold on to my metal parts on my handle bars i feel nothing but if i don’t maintain contact i get  zaps that hurt if i get close to the metal. I wonder what this electro magnetic field is having on me. There are many houses near these high voltage lines. There must be a way to harness this energy field if you live close to them.
I've enjoyed your videos. You have a large following and thus have gained lots of support.  For a while, I thought your attitude was just a little casual and you did not mind being wrong. You just never made a big deal out of it. After all, you were learning too...  But this video seems to break all those ideas down.    You are trying to rewrite your own history.  You were simply wrong and did not understand why. So now you go and get all the experts and take all the advice to make this correction. Now I notice all the hard work others have done to HELP you... You give them so little credit!  Perhaps you are just a face to put their ideas and their skills out for the audience...
If thats true why do we need giant thick wires to move large currents?  Seems they could find a way to make a thin wire that makes a large field
im not convinced you people actually know anything
Also, the original question was misleading in itself, and making the separation between the wires so critical to the answer, without really emphasizing that part of the setup. If the wires are not parallel, none of this works. And it’s then barely practical knowledge, and loses teaching power, when the original problem is setup to confuse.  PS:  I have advanced degrees in multiple technical fields, including EE.
6:20 true, except this is the key of where Veritasium is wrong. It takes speed of light along (half) the wire length to setup that electric field. All the simulations at the rest of the video show this. Until that time passes, the evanescent coupling to the disconnected wires sets up a much lower field and voltage on the load wire, which does not support the ultimate current that will “light” the bulb. This has already been shown experimentally by someone else on YouTube. Also, don’t use huge wires (transmission lines) instead of thin wires and change your question.
sui
14:10 onwards is completely different.  Your mixing AC and DC please don't.  Try using AC in a computer and it will fail.  AC has to be converted to DC for a computer to work.
When you started talking about wireless charging your introducing a hole new complexity of AC.   Sticking with a battery with DC.   You could demonstrate that it is the fields that make the bulb light by simply putting a bulb next to the wires and ramp the DC voltage until the lamp lights.     The simulation at 13:32 that shows a  wire outside of a circuit behaving the same.  If the is the case then a lightbulb next to but not connect to the circuit would light.  But in a DC circuit this will not happen.  It also seemed that the simulation was AC and not DC confusing the two is a very bad thing for thinking of circuits as the expected behave is different.  Yes of cause you can think of DC as being AC with a frequency of 0Hz but AC of that frequency has different effects.   Coils as in your phone charging example do not work at 0Hz.
It there is a open switch there is no circuit and there for, you are not installing a battery in a circuit unless the switch is closed.
Question is the field the cause or effect?
At the beginning of your video you clam the battery provides no movement to the electrons and electrons are not pushed thought the wire but then at 7:15 you clam electrons are pushed though the battery and wire.   Witch is it?
So why do we need a battery at all?
In the end, the gradient of surface charges on the conductor, is created thanks to battery continuously pushing electrons from one side to the other or is it because of the electric field of the battery?
So what you're saying is that the electric current is flowing through everywhere EXCEPT inside the wires?
I want to see one line turn on a bulb on a separate line
What if we changed the shape a little bit to make sure that it is actually just energy spread out and to avoid having to deal with charges build up? What if we used a circular circuit, with the switch and the load are as far from each other as possible on the circle, will it take the diameter / c seconds or diameter × Pi / 2c seconds? Or beter, what is the percentage of current that will start flow after diameter / c seconds?
Perhaps what you observe in the first nanoseconds won’t change if you just interrupt the loop at both of its ends. At that point it would be a receiving and transmitting dipole antenna system, which indeed can transfer energy in such a short time for… everybody!
With this in mind, would designing wires that transfer electricity faster accomplish anything? Is it even doable?
Own those frauds
Really interesting stuff and very controversial! I thought the question was when the bulb is fully powered. I didn't think this much would be transferred by the field... yes, I know, it's all transferred by the field!
Could you please make a video about Nikola Tesla's work and experiences?
So Derek's experiment explained to us how radio works.
Thanks for the video. The drawings and animations that show the red circles positively charged is misleading. Would be better to replace the ”+” with an ”A” sign, indicating that those are lattice Atoms. In a metal the more external electrons are in conduction band, that allows them to have more mobility. However the net effect is what you show, some electrons are attracted because of a temporary vacancy end some other are repulsed due to a temporary eccess of negative charge around the atom. So it is just the ”+” sign and calling them ”ions” that is disturbing.
The positive ions of lattice cannot attract (their) free electrons... They have been libarated by the condensed state of metal.
ooouuu electric drama 😂
Antenna and wire are similar materials.  The difference is, of course, the antenna has a fixed length; preferably the same length as the  wavelength of your transmission.  Your model of a wire being a medium for a electromagnetic transmission, i would called it a tunnel, or channel, is a useful one in some contexts.  It is transferring energy, and information at the speed of light.  That was why i could immediately answer your question with 1/c.  The difference is the wire gets most of the energy to the target, the antenna spreads it out very thinly.
Fantastic. A separate video about how capacitors and inductive coils work in and of themselves would be incredibly good and would round this out perfectly!
Wire (synonym: antenna)
Why do we use wires then
calculating this let me drop electric engineering
What is the difference between Particle Physics and Field Physics?   The main question I would ask is, "How big is an electron?" In the video, individual electrons do not act like little round balls. They act like interconnected fields. Or even better, one field with tiny spikes in energy that we can measure and call an electron. The field's individual power points (electrons) will jiggle when the circuit is complete to the whole field.   So yes, you can measure an individual spike in the field, detect its variables, and call it a particle. However, no single point divides one particle in an area from another. How big is that field?   Could you just lift a tablecloth to make a wrinkle, then ask how big the crease is? The correct answer is because the ends of the fabric move a tiny bit, the entire length and width of the tablecloth. So, we live in a one-electron field universe with a few spikes here and there. The number of particles depends on your frame of reference.
great videos! Both this and the previous one.
I have a query about data signals flowing through let's say a Cat6 LAN cable. They are also electrical signals, and there are data packet losses when cable length increases. If this theory is correct then data packet losses won't happen even if you used a 1000Km long LAN cable and put the 2 devices beside each other...  Can you please experiment and check?
People don't seem to get batteries basically flow in reverse. Of course not literally but, since electrons are negative, they actually leave the battery from the negative side and enter the positive side. I've heard a lot of people saying since its a positive charge it must go out the plus side right? But no, electrons are inherently negative and thus flow in the opposite direction.
Yes you did not do good job on explaning which you should because you are PHD on making video to teach physics. By the way commented years after watching video within minutes after uploded.
Great video! Does Poynting vector go outside the 3 dimension of space?  Is energy from fields coming from dimensions outside of space time? Otherwise how can it spread from a remote AC generator to distant bulb almost instantaneously?
It might as well be magic as far as I’m concerned.
Dear "Ve", I just saw the video clip - and I loved it! I am usually not easily impressed, but I am impressed with your knowledge and ability to share it. (Yes, I immediately recognized Caltech campus, and I know HFSS, etc.) Mostly I liked your humility and openness to criticism.  Please keep educating and having fun with physics and engineering.  Thank you!
If the traditional model is known as lumped element model, what would the described model be known as?
So why does a light or whatever.. not work if there is a break in the circuit. This directly counter  to what is stated around 13:25. Clearly electronics need a  complete circuit to work???? .. Someone explain
nice
If the mass of an electron is only about 1/2000 the mass of a proton or neutron then it cannot be considered as a probability wave.  Some other dynamics is occurring in the double slit experiment. Is it possible that the speeding electrons' gravimetric pull on dark matter causes dark matter to be attracted to the speeding electron like iron fillings to a magnet causing the appearance of a probability wave?
if you have a rigid metal bar that is 1 light second long, and you push the bar from one end, does the other end instantaneously move, transmitting information faster than the speed of light?
I don't know if someone have already posted the same question I am about to ask or if it has already been answered. I am not related with the electric field of expertise but since all the discussion has been around a configuration where the light bulb is one meter away from the power source although the length of the wires is 300,000 km and the theoretical time lapse for the energy to reach the bulb has been said to be  t = 1 m/c seconds, what would happen if the wire circuit is configured so the light bulb is 300,000 km away from the power source, and the distance in between the wires would be 1 m (or less). Would the time lapse then be 1 second? If someone set a scale experiment long enough, would a time difference be visible in the oscilloscope between the two arrangements?
And then Einstein shows up with his special relativity and tells you that currents in wires do not create magnetic but just electric fields, which makes Amperes law and Poynting obsolete. Nature is crazy.
I've got a feeling there's a reason he didn't use an actual LED in the video, and it's not cost.. LEDs and resistors are both only a few cents.   I'm back after a year to say, you can't apply the waveform you measure across a resistor to an LED. That's insanely misleading.  Also, powering an led off your 24V input is absolutely cheating. you cannot power any semiconductor LED today off 24V, and the ones that you can would not work off your "14mW" of power.
Still, I have a doubt! So do electrons actually move throughout the wire or do they just vibrate for short distances creating enough KE for the next electron to stimulate? I understand that either way, it is the field that is moving/vibrating these electrons.
this explains why / how grounding works
If Veritasium was a name of a School  And if even Derek was a very Evil Guy  I would have still loved to go and send my children to that school. Honestly Veritasium sir  It's an honor listening to your channel  May Allah bless you here and hereafter
fyi there are ways to reverse grey hair as I found by accident when I put hand sanitizer in my hair. There are $2 supermarket ethanol/Aloe/VitE hand sanitizer products that can do it on a budget
This is why EMP attacks are real concerns.
Is this at least tangentially related to why Alexander Graham Bell had to resort to twisted pairs to eliminate background noise, and why we have twisted pair in Ethernet cables?
Sir what if I placed Singal discharge bulb to near another circuit which has battery and closed then that discharge buld not going to glow why
Your statement that energy is carried and delivered by the field is true.  Your explanations though could still do with some additional clarity.  (1) The PE from the battery or source gets converted to KE as net movement of electrons in the bulb and in the wire, that's why a battery ultimately dies if you leave your flashlight on (2) the wire itself is part of the load which receives and converts energy from the source, energy is always converted from potential to kinetic form or vice versa and in this case delivered from a chemical reaction if the source is a battery, to create the  field in the first place and then to IR or heat dissipation which occurs both in the wire and in the bulbs filament, if incandescent (3) perhaps mention that you are using the Drude model of electron flow which ignores and predates QM (4) you may have left people with the thought that a DC circuit can generate a propagating EM field, it can't, you need AC in the RF range for that generally (5) you didn't really clarify the Poynting vector topic and the most interesting point that is revealed is that the field is supported by the wire - on the surface only - and this was left not explained.  But you did get people talking and thinking about the nature of electricity and fields.   Good work.
Soooooo - he was wrong!
Thank you, bro. We need to get rid of those old textbook interpretations in order to formally step into modern physics. People need this essencial  comprehension.
Uncle Fester proved all this decades ago.
What happens if you were to place some sort of shield between the switch and the light? Would it force the electricity to go the long way round?
does that mean someone living under a high power line is always in an electric field that is damaging to health?
And yet your simulation shows a stream of electrons?
Yeah, I don’t understand electricity.
is it explained in griffiths electodynamics?
I would say no energy was ever created but the transition of electrons.
When you close the switch and current starts flowing, it creates a magnetic field.  The field moves at c the 1 meter to the bulb and induces a current through it.  That's why you get a an immediate pulse, it acts like a transformer.  The main flow will travel at c through the wire until it reaches the bulb.  If you put a copper sheet between the battery and the bulb, you will not get that initial pulse because the eddy currents in the copper will take most of that magnetic field away.  A superconductor would eliminate all of it.
@veritasium how does electricity arcs work in respect to electricity fields outside the wires
Great video, thanks!
if i put a battery and light bulb in a close distance, the light bulb wont emit light because the air aint a good conductor or the air cant move the electron?  so? does the electrons move or not?  or the electrons is moving in their own space?
If the wires are say a light year long, will you get the small current for a whole year (or half a year or whatever) or is it only a short-lived change while the fields are changing close to the load?
Much better than the original video. The level of technical explanation is far more detailed. Feedback from the community was taken into account and an experiment was conducted to prove that the original answer was correct albeit with caveats which are also explained. One more thing that I wanted to see in the experiment is what happens when the cable is cut at both ends and compare the result for the closed circuit. With both cable ends cut the experiment should clearly demonstrate that the energy to the bulb is transferred via an electric field and not by electrons pushing each other through a wire.
“Energy flows through air..? IMpOsSiBlE”  (meanwhile using WiFi, 4/5g telecom and even microwave ovens)
I remain with one question: if the circuit is not complete, the electrons don't start to flow (yes, I understood the main thing that pushes the electrons is the electric field), so why the surface of the wires attached to the battery has a positive / negative charge?
I love bs at the end
You need to explain what creates and propagates the field over the wire
I’ll watch this and pretend like I understand all of it. Especially the equation examples. 😂 Truth be told, it is well explained and I do walk away with a new wrinkle or two on my brain.
Does this have to do with the wireless system?
SHUT UP. IKM THE BIGGEST BIR D🦅🦅🦅🦅😭😭❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
Nerd beef.
It seems like the circuit is creating a mini Tesla Coil effect radiating from the switch.
Question. He mentioned that the time it takes for the light bulb to illuminate was the spatial distance of the bulb and the switch: 1m/c. When he moves the switch left or right, the time for the lightbulb to illuminate also goes up. But if there was no switch, and instead two ends of wire to which a highly skilled person could hook up the battery instantly, would the end result change?
Sorry but this is a very misguided and completely inaccurate depiction of how electricity works.  Alessandro Volta and Andre Ampere are spinning in their graves. The Greek word for this type of thinking is “baloney”
So what your saying is the draw [or load] is as much if not more responsible for the current as the battery. Maybe this is why the double slit experiment has a assumed choice of behavior characteristic. Because the electron in a way the electron  prepares itself for what is expected of it, or what has been preset for it. I don't know, I am assuming, and probably wrong. I just wanted to know which way the diode needs to be applied to keep a backflow of electricity from flowing back into the battery.
Fake theory. This doesn't work in areas without gravity and isolated spaces
Cool!
I need tylenol for my brain
Why do we need elections?
Yeah, current appears on the other wire after 1/c seconds and there are parts of the pointing vector field going vertical from the battery to the light bulb, but that current and that pointing vector are small in magnitud and usually wouldn't turn on the bulb (unless your circuit is designed to be wireless, like the examples you showed). Most of the energy reaches the bulb when the elegtric signal has completed its travel along all the wire, going the long way (the visuals in your video are a proof of what I'm talking about).
I think everything depends on how far is from the bulb the switch the closes the circuit; this comes from the fact that the first motion in terms of electromagnetic camp variation happens in the switch area, as the potential delta is located there. Otherwise, if the switch is located far from the bulb, to think of a bulb turning on almost immediately would implicate to have an info that moves faster than C. The fact that the bulb is directly linked to the cables or not is not important.
谢谢！
software is as good as the theory behind it. I'm not sure how it can be used to prove anything
Then how batteries store electricity 😮
its a similar argument to how people say gravity is a force but its not
if this doesn't work (convincing people) do you think a bigger apparatus with lightbulbs all along it viewed in slow motion could work?  I remember the Slowmo guys having gotten temporary access to cameras with incredibly high frames per second.
The Kathy Loves Physics channel seems to disagree. She put a video out a month ago called Reactions to Veritasium Electricity (etc). She's quite knowledgeable in such matters, I wouldn't brush her off.
Here's my, late to the party, question.  Why did you build this demonstrator so tall?  Seems waist high would have been easier to work with.  Thanks for your work!!
what does the part 5:04 mean? no charge in the middle and that the steepest slope would be across the load? please help
Most of the energy is from the elections in the wire, not from the EMR field, which is the orchestrator of the energy via field / electron chain reaction .
Big deal... if you want a real challenge, figure out how to understand women.
sir stick to youtube, you misinforming people
The energy in the adjacent wire is induced, not transferred.
Energy is carried by a moving particles. Even for light energy it is the photons (moving particles) that carries light energy. Electric field, Gravitational fields has only a potential energy. Potential energy is not an energy it has only a potential be converted into an energy.  In order to convert potential energy to an actual energy you need particle. More specifically for electric field you need charged particles like electrons. What produces light, heat are moving electrons and other particles that are already present in the light bulb.  Does fields like electric field or gravitational field travel at a infinite speed and they are available in every section of the universe instantaneously. I believe so. I believe that electric field and all potential energy maybe from other sources in the universe or more precise what is left of it (because it is also converted along the way before it reaches electrons in the light bulb) reaches light bulb and causes movement of the particles in the light bulb instantaneously. We don't see or measure effects due to inertia of the particles that are affected by this potential energy, but conversion starts immediately and we observe it or measure it when movement is high enough that our instruments can measure it. So delays are due to inertia of the moving particles not due to time it takes for electric field comes to light bulb because this time is 0.
Well of course the energy travels outside the wires or else we would t get shocked when we touch them. Duuuuh😂😂😂
I think it's more a question of do I care? NO I DO NOT!🙄🙄
Hopefully these videos expose the limitations of the "moving electron" or "water pipe analogy" models of electric circuits that are so commonly taught to beginning students.  The trouble is that solving Maxwell's equations require some fairly strong calculus knowledge.  Perhaps these new simulation tools can help educators shed light (pun?) on how circuits _actually_ work without students first having to achieve the amount of mathematical skill required to solve Maxwell's equations.  If people need a degree in science to understand it, very few real-world decisions will be made with any sort of scientific basis.
life and electricity are one in the same.
This is why engineers can’t have nice things
Maxwell rulez
10.20 When the battery is put in, the charges rearrange themselves. HOW LONG DOES THIS TAKE? This seems like the real question we were originally pursing in the old video.
I don't know without electron movement how magnetic field can be produced
My physics teacher said that current is flow of electrons, and the phrase "flow of current" is weird, as current is itself a flow. He said current to be described as "the current through the wire is x", What is your idea, PLEASE REPLY, as you have used the phrase "flow of current" thought, which is according to my teacher, wrong.
I dont understand this? 13:08 the bulb will still light even if disconnected?
Wait, doesn't this mean that Void black objects absorb your electric potential from your very thoughts and brain?!?! Since it travels a lot like heat into a blackbody object.   DONT WEAR BLACK! White is the presence of ALL colors; so wear that instead
remember electro BOOM is everywerer .
This attempt to proove you were right by completely changing the subject being prooved is nothing but pathetic. Otherwise, to arrange an experiment more properly you would get a few kilometers of wire in a coil, not that weird 10-meter wire mounted on those wooden poles for some reason (because of high voltage of 5 volts I guess). This isn't science, just a show.
proved all them dumb niggas wrong lmao
A simpler explanation...  Electrons don't carry the energy, they are the energy. Electricity and Magnetic fields are simply two aspects of the same thing/mutually inclusive (movement of electrons creates a magnetic field, and a magnetic field creates a flow of electrons)  If you disregard material conductivity, resistance, thermal loss, etc., the length of the wire is irrelevant. electrons are already present in the wire (they exist in everything), they don't need to be connected to a battery/power source to receive electrons. It's the movement/oscillation of those electrons between a positive and negative charge that produces electricity.  In liquid terms, there is no delay because the water source/battery doesn't need to flow to fill up an empty pipe, and exit the other end. The pipe is already full of water, all the switch does is get the water moving, thereby producing power.
Rick Hartley was right on the money when he stated that you better know where the other side of the transmission line is. Digital electronics is easier than analog is it? When you realize that the signal moves at the speed of light through space and not the conductors, Moore's law of computing power needs serious modification.
This is incredible. I have studied engineering for a while now and never has it been once explained like this. I always had millions of unanswered questions and it always slowed my understanding.Thanks a lot. Hope you'll see this in the ocean of comments you get
this is like a peer review process playing out over youtube. cool
I don't want to get involved. Ahhhhhh
Never argue with the concepts. Concepts are not reality. Let go of all concepts
power of internet. it is soooo great how internet and youtube connect us, and our …. ideas :)
N somebody please recommend a book to understand electricity
My question now is, and no, for my question from your first video, never put a fork in a socket. I hate insurance companies. But I digress... Since we do not need wires, why do we have them?  Could we transmit enough power through the space between us to power our lives?
I work near transmission lines and everyone was wondering how you can get shocked when you don’t touch the lines and I see now that it’s the fields on the lines and not the lines them selfs.
Well Charles Proteus Steinmetz says that Electrical induction moves outside the conductors in a hybrid of the dielectric and magnetic field.  Ie electricity is the polarization of the aether so I believe Veritasium is correct.
This doesn't seem right. The initial pulse at the speed of light is electromagnetic or electrostatic coupling.  Note there is no steady current.
Then what is current and voltage and it's relationship with Electric and magnetic field?
But didn't you just prove "C" is the full circle of light back and forth. NOT the 1 way. So, 1m/c or 1/c is not actually true. You can't calculate it like that. You are calculating ever since a negative ion left the battery BACK to the battery. So.... C is NOT "the speed of light". Therefore, 1m or 1 /c is not the answer. Because you can't truly calculate it. You are calculate a 2 round trip. It could instent in 1 direction and it can be forever in the other direction. BOOM CHECKMATE 😂😂😂
If the electrons get energy from the magnetic and electric field, what makes the "fully connected" ones resulting in larger energy output (after certain delay) ?
Is there any link to the Rick Hartley vid shown here?
Fascinating. So are circuits functioning strictly related to wires or traces isolation? In what does the interference of different magnetic fields result in? Dispersion of energy, increment of energy? How to correctly design circuits according to your results?
thats just silly.. has zero practical applications except maybe in  circuit boards..  set the wires 10 meters apart and then try it.. there wont  be any fields effecting the bulb..  not in your new  10 meter circuit and not in a  1000 mile circuit.. youre playing semantics games.. yes fields can  be  very important.. but youve played fast and loose with your challenge wording.. we call it deception and that doesnt make  good science.. dr johnny
A 24-minute video of a guy building an antenna
If current flows due to the electric field then what if we take a single wire with both ends attached to a bulb and no battery, and place it within that 2nd closed circuit you showed. will the  bulb get on due to the influenced by the electric field of that 2nd closed circut..?
All primed up and ready to go...
Well this fantastic! I have GCSE Physics, A level Physics, a Bachelor's in Physics and a Master's in Theoretical Physics and the flow of electricity was NEVER explained like that! Shame on my education!
OMG. Listen. If electrons or their fields push each other or not doesn't matter. What electrons do when they come near each other is passing a photon to each other and this (virtual) photon is the repulsive force (i.e.  electro magnetic field) of the negatively charged electrons. That is a well studied fact. Second. Electric force is actually the magnetic force which is actually the photons that pass trough the electrons when the electrons are pulled toward the positive charge. The atom from which the electron is pulled away shoots a virtual photon (electric pulling force) to the next near atom's electron to pull it in to itself. In turn the next atom shoots photon to the next atom's electron and so is the electric field created. That is why current is opposite to electric flow - because the virtual photon is shooting to the direction opposite to the electron flow (this virtual photon is called pulling magnetic force or bozon). Third - the electrons do repel each other and that is why we have conductors, semi conductors and a combination of the latter - ( transistors). This is also why the longer the conductors are the higher the resistance is, hence the weaker the voltage. and current are. This occurs because every next atom pulls weaker the next atom's electron, hence every next atom that is further from the initial potential has a more stable electron.  Finally in come the oscilators which fix this. Now this is often not taught in school because students then ask - ok what is a charge. We don't have a satisfying answer to this question and I warn anyone not to go in this rabbit hole. Unless they want to take the red pill and enter quantum physics.
7:12 The*what* force now?
Theory will only take you so far......
LOAD😂
Me still not understanding if electrons go all the way through the circuit or are just vibrating 😐
So theoretically speaking, what would happen to grid produced electricity if every end use electrical device on that grid was simultaneously disconnected from the grid including battery backups? What would happen to the electricity if in an instant it couldn't be used or stored?
Ia have watched your videos on this more than a year ago and I still have one question. How do you know that the initial voltage increase measured in experiment is caused by magnetic field expanding through the air gap between the wires and not by electric current moving through the oscilloscope itself? Sure the said oscilloscope probably has two dedicated circuits one for each input line. But are these circuits really completely disconnected from each other or do they perhaps share the sam ground connection or same power supply. I think that in order to measure this reliably you would need to separate oscilloscopes. But synchronizing their results would be a nightmare unless you have a way for them to synchronize to each other other means that direct electric current like for instance an optical connection.
Actually that india guy is talking fast and hard to understand like he thinks he is best at it....Already he is not native american..and he even talking fast and saying bla bla things (mean to or not mean to do that)... I dont like that guy actually..and i never watch video of that guy since soonly... And those above is not what you mean...but he claimed it.... So... I say no to him
Yeah looks like you were wrong :)
One of the largest problems facing electromagnetic theory, before Maxwell, was time-variant currents flowing through capacitors. Maxwell added a term call displacement current which explained how currents could appear to flow across an insulator. By definition currents do not flow through insulators, but electromagnetic fields have no problem doing this. So while it will take only 1m/c to reach the light bulb it will take much longer for the current to be flowing at the extreme ends of the wires. I know it feels wrong, but it is not.
I remember my father in 1962 telling about high tension cables/conductors. He said, "the electricity flows on the outside of that cable" (I had in my hand)
Ah, the potato experiment makes sense now. Thank you, this is amazing.
So how does this affect circuits in the real world? Is this noise accounted for? Do the fields from multiple wires multiply when both are active?
ENERGY is CARRIED by FIELDS and not electrons 😮
if energy doesn’t flow in the wire and travel in the vector form to bulb the why a bird gets shock on touching both the wire in a circuit 🧐
I thought it's all about potential  energy. It's the combination of electric and magnetic fields.  Just think. Why are car battery jumper wires are thick but a/c current house wires are multiple thin strands?.
I’ve been an electrician for 20 years and now I see why this electrical theory and not an electrical fact cuz we still tryna prove this $hit! 🤯
Makes sense to me, if you're up for an adventure at night under a  transmission line, hold up a fluorescent bulb, it'll glow, no connection needed 🤙
The electrons flow through the wire from valence ring to valence ring to the metal that resist them to produce the light to the cathode. All the electricity flows through the valence electrons, the outermost ring of electrons for that particular conductor. This is how chemistry works. The oxygen atom has a negative charge in that it's short an electron in the outer ring so it pairs with another oxygen atom and they share an electron and the natural state of oxygen is O2. Hydrogen has one electron so it takes two hydrogen per oxygen to have a stable oxygen atom. But the combination is made using the valence electrons which is what powers electricity.
You don't understand the power of the electron until you learn chemistry. Take a beginner college chemistry class and then it took me ten seconds to learn and understand electricity. It's called valence electrons and how they travel to perform work or produce heat or to flip a switch. Chemistry makes electronics simple. Edit. I watched more and you don't understand anything. The copper wire is composed of copper atoms with neutrons and protons in the nucleus. I forget the atomic weight of copper but it has various rings of electrons circling the nucleus. The outermost shell of electrons is called the valence electrons. When you attach a power source to the wire only the valence electrons move pushing from one atom to the next. When you have a light bulb in the circuit the filament of the bulb is made of a metal that resists the electron flow and produces heat and light as a byproduct. The interior of the lightbulb is filled with nitrogen because it is non-flammable otherwise the filament would combine with oxygen and burn up. The battery as a power source has a cathode and an anode. The anode has atoms that have extra electrons in their valence rings and the cathode has negative amount of electrons in their valence rings.
Does anyone have the link to the original video?
Well i should have sat with pen n paper
This man is fooling people with unnecessary complex mechanism. Electrons simply move through the wire from negative end to positive end of battery. The moving electrons make magnatic field.
Even after this Video, the comment section shows, that many people just can't understand it.
This is so stupid
This is how I teach it all at A level where we introduce fields in physics, but now you’ve made me feel like a lying cheat teaching voltage and current to 12 year olds! But without the complex and abstract theory of fields,  I’m still stuck with the over simplistic and wrong ‘electrons in wires’ when explaining it to them. If anyone has a better way to introduce these concepts at this very early age, I’d love to hear it. Thanks.
Ok but what about if the circuit was broken. You said we would still see current flowing before the fields establish a balance so causality is not broken.  With those fast scopes shouldn't we be able to see the  low level spike appear in the nanoseconds before the circuit reaches a new equlibrium?
original video is still wrong! without the coherence of electrons TOUCHING or in the "vicenity of each other":(very close or with some kind of conductor-path) there is no train or conductance to close the loop and create the field that energy flows. in other words electricity without wire is like a train without track wont go anywhere. without the electrons there is no energy flow at all. the electrons is WHAT CARRIES the energy from point to point and without a path it doesnt flow so therefore electrons do move the energy like a train. ELECTRONS ARE NOT a physical tangible element or thing in the 1st place. they are an inpenetrable force we still can not destroy or create they however are everywhere (or at least were told) energy only changes forms, It is not deleted.
This video answers so many questions I've had for ages but then forgot about in my adult life. Amazing. Also I can't help but think of electric fields now as a sort of pressure.
Wait, were you going for "are you not entertained" reference with that thumbnail?
in india they never taught us that electrons occilating transfer their energy by moving against a resistor like derek said that it's wrong.. i'm in 12th grade and we're taught that battery "helps" existing electrons move throughout the wire, the reason behind it being surface charges of wire is the part ommited for some reason. I always had problems understanding the concept as to how do batteries do what they do, but now it's all clear thanks to derek. I'm just saying that we weren't taught anything wrong, we were just told that batteries "help" move electrons throughout the wire and it generates current. How it did that though, that wasn't included.
Honestly, its your fault that you did not communicated your theory on the first video.
Where did you learn all the knowledge you use to makes these incredible videos??
This is simply wonderful! Thank you for the video.
I am an Spanish language speaker. I am a biology teacher. I ask you how you TEACH now the electrical flow without the water MODEL neither the electrons pushing MODEL.
But there are no capacitors from the original. Why add them?
I still didn't understand
I hear you talking and understand the individual words you are saying. Unfortunately none of your analogies help me understand.
James may is right, electricity is a mystery
This guy is a Climate Change hoaxer. So take his so-called "science" with a large dose of skepticism.
How many pounds is a meter?
I am trying to understand - does this mean that the location of the battery in this circuit doesn't matter and it's the distance between the switch and the resistor that determines the delay between the completion of the circuit and the initial current flow?
Would the result be different if the battery was not initially connected and given time to propagate the charge gradient?  Like, what if you eliminated the switch that's on the transmission line and instead put a switch on each battery terminal, and you close the 2 switches simultaneously.
Really great!  Makes me appreciate how difficult chip design must be!
Yeah completely misleading video again.  Sure, magnetic field around the wire will induce current in nearby conductors, even if they are not part of the circuit. But to say that a lightbulb will shine light is nonsense. He has shown that the induced voltage at 1m distance will be 4-5x smaller. If they were 2m apart the voltage would be 10x smaller.
Do you think people would you do your homework
Something doesn't add up in the whole story.  what is voltage Charge. Concentration of electrons and protons in two different places, this is how the charge is formed because more electrons accumulate in some atoms, and other atoms remain with fewer electrons.  This is the birth of energy (voltage).  Then when we connect this source of energy to a wire (copper) the energy of the accumulated electrons is transferred to the electrons of the wire and so the current flows.  That is, the clustered electrons of the charge source hit the unclustered electrons of the piece of cable and thus transmit their energy. They do not jump into the piece of cable, they only hit its free electrons and thus the energy is transmitted along the entire wire.
Ok, I understand that electrons do not actually jump from one wire to another when they are connected in a circuit. They just start moving in sync in the wire without leaving it. And this movement in sync is because of the electric charge. But how is the electric charge created if the electrons do not migrate between the wires?
No marher what , I still need Both wires on me battery to be connected to crank my car and run it. No circuit , No crank. Yer welcome to come here , disconnect any of the 2 wires and start my car.   Peace
thats a real great human being out there
Doesn't this raise more questions on how we harness the power of electricity? Are we doing it right? I don't pretend to understand it but it's interesting none the less.
makes so much sense
As an archaeologist and ethnobotanist, my focuses are about as far away from electrical engineering as you can get while still having a toe under the umbrella of “The Sciences”. I have an extremely curious mind though and I always want to know how things work and why they work. Before these two videos, electricity had been a MASSIVE gap in my knowledge of how the world around me works, and an extremely crucial one. Thank you so much for doing such an impressive job communicating extremely complex topics in a way that is both approachable for novices, AND intuitive in final comprehension. I have spent enough years teaching and around other teachers to be in awe of how effortless you make science communication seem.
I'm thoroughly enjoying your videos. Recently, I indulged in a couple of your content pieces concerning electricity and I must say, they're top-notch. I appreciate the effort you put into crafting these insightful resources.  Now, moving on to a question I have: it's my understanding that energy transmission is facilitated by fields. Could you elucidate how partial energy loss, in terms of electrical energy, comes into play? My initial assumption was that the electrical kinetic energy, transported by electrons, was lost through collisions with atomic cores, thereby converting it into heat. Could you shed some light on this?
How does that energy affect the human body?
As an electron, I got quite a charge out of watching your video.
This reminds me of EMI/RFI (Electrical Magnetic Interfaces & Radio Frequency Interference). Most cables today have a wire mesh sheathing in them to absorb  EMI/RFI so they do not get induced on to the copper wire.
I’ve always thought that the electrons aren’t actually flowing through the wire but the electron behind it is bumping it, making it act like a wave across the wire.
You're a great teacher, thanks for your efforts.  I deeply suspect that our reality, at the most fundamental levels, is electrical in nature.
This stuff is just difficult for me to grasp...even partially.
Holy crap drama between smart people is so much more civilized than normal adults.
I stand by my statement. Magical dancing pixies
Never understood and now I'm even more confused.
no
What generates the initial electromagnetic pulse than then drives the energy transfer?
Now i got it thanks
I don’t understand.  If the electrons don’t carry energy from the battery, then what drains the energy from the battery? The electromagnetic field? If so. What’s the process?
Man, even a year on the tension between those scientists was electric!
Only true under following assumptions  1. 0 resistance in wire   So question arises what is resistance in wire?  We have been taught that it affects flow of electrons but you say electrons don't flow 😢
I love that someone else set up the same system with very long transmission lines to perform the same experiment. True peer review going on right there.
Like Eric Weinstein this channel gets hundreds of thousands of lay people interested in the real details of science that the thousands of scientists can't get more than a few interested in.  Great videos. There is still so much detail to explain in this. All the special vocabulary in the second half needs more explaining.   Thank you!
So if the circuit is disconnected it still lights the bulb? That doesnt make sense. Surely if the circuit is not  connected, the light is not lit, but you're saying that the field getting there (even when disconnected) it still lights?
you look and sound like a crazed scientist, at 2:10 you look like you haven't slept in 4 days trying to prove your point
Under this theory, how to understand the concepts of resistance and superconductivity?
Imagine that's the way to create time machine....
Bulb 1 and 2.If i switch on bulb 1 will bulb 2 light because of the electric field created by bulb 1?Of course no why
So what would happen if the Distance between the source in the load was 300 km instead of 1 meter
Then why does a fracture in wire stops current?
This is a great info. I do believe that energy is in the field. I been thinking about home electrical system. Is it possible to replace electrical Wires with the non wired homogenous and integrated power system that is safe and workable. Good to learn more of it...
At 7:10 you state that electrons move through the battery, this is incorrect.  The electrons move into the cathode, where they combine with ions, that have moved from the anode, through the electrolyte (and electrically insulating separator).  The ions in the anode start as neutral species, they are disassociated from a neutral species to an ion due to a difference in chemical potential of the species (i.e. the Fermi level) in the anode vs. the cathode.  Thus, charge does move through the battery, but the charge is actually carried by positive ions. If the battery could conduct electrons, it would self discharge very quickly.  By definition, a battery has to have a very high Ohmic impedance, and rely on an external circuit as a pathway for batteries.  Of course, this only applies to the battery discharging (doing external work), when you charge the battery ions move from the cathode to the anode.
Reminds me of that show revolution
As I understand,  the electric field generated by the power source exists within the wires of the circuit and extends outside the wires into the surrounding space. Not just moving electrons on the surface of the wires.  The electric field lines extend from the positive terminal of the power source through the circuit to the negative terminal. As the electric field lines pass through the conductive material of the wire, they exert forces on the electric charges (electrons) within the wire, causing them to move and carry electrical energy through the circuit.
I guess this is now a business "views amplifier"
1. so that means the circuit doesn't even have to be completed?  Ok, taht was explained later. But why do 'everyday' circuits have to be completed then?  2.why aren't protons influenced by the electric field?
Oh, you're just talking about capacitance? All good then.
I'm surprised that all these other Youtubers didn't know this, especially electroboom. Even I knew this before Derek did these videos. I even saw it in a different video a while before Veritasium's initial video came out.
So now I have to put the switch just below the bulb in every room😂😂😂😂😂😂😂..............other than that fabulous work......
Way to respond to critics with further investigation and experimentation! It doesn’t matter who is right, it matters who has the most convincing evidence.
This is what happens when you introduce a couple classes on a subject and people graduate to become professionals on a related field. They think they do know the subject. As a physician am not a biochemist, or electrical engineer people are not physicists. Is not what you don’t know that hurts you, is what you think you know but you really don’t that does it.
Even this model of earth is a misconception
Isnt this how WW1 started?
Thank you very much! the question is why the battery has to be connected phsically to the bulb, in this case I can make an AC circuit from the battery  that passes in parallel and proximately to the bulb without being directly connected to it and get the bulb light up by the fields from the battery, no?! In this video I can explain why the above can't work in DC circut, but with AC it should have worked with the above explanations.... so what I miss here? thank you in advance!
What blows my mind. How is it I understand this?
So Why are metals good conductors of electricity?
I do not understand Maxwell's equations and I am not an electrical engineer. Thanks for posting an interesting question. What I would like to know is whether the initial increase in voltage measured by the measuring device is in agreement with the voltage calculated by maxwell's equation.
Thank God.😮😮
Does this mean, an LED could also be powered for a few milliseconds on a non-connected but perpendicular wire? like at minute 13:30?
Instead of reaching out to you, others decide to throw massive bitch fits. Best route would have been to ask what you meant, clarify the details, and possibly make a cool collab video.   Instead, others make videos complaining about your video, trying to make it seem like you have no idea what you're talking about. Honestly,  those videos are extremely childish and embarrassing.   Great video. Thanks for including all the extra details, the constant animation, and thank you for doing it all in a respectful way. Didnt lower yourself to their standards.   Seems like @ElectroBOOM kinda realized he jumped the gun and assumed a lot.. well, not really.   You didnt make a mistake, they just went off like some cringe crybaby bitch. I'm not checking out any of those channels lol. Throwing fits instead of reaching out, na.
The only thing I'm not sure about is the claim that it wouldn't matter if the circuit was broken or not. I think if the circuit was broken the lightbulb would blip and that would still take 1m/c s, but it would go out as soon as 1 second passed. Also, I think the intensity of light if the circuit was broken would be less than if it was complete, so you would have information if the circuit was broken or not from flipping the switch almost instantaneously. However, that still doesn't break causality, as it would still take 1s for all the surface charges to preform before the switch was flipped, and if after that time, instead of flipping the switch you actually measured the surface charge at the side of the switch facing away from the battery (and it was 0) you would know that the circuit was broken (or that it wasn't broken if the surface charge was positive).
I'm not very knowladgeable in the field, just an average Joe who does diy in his spare time but, when you said "why do we even need wires? we don't" the first thing that came to my mind was Nikola Tesla, and how he stated, from the top of my mind, that energy is everywhere and we don't need wires and we can wirelessly power up stuff. I could never fully understand it, but now it makes some sense. Also imagine how smart Tesla was.
Actually electrons do flow from negative to positive if you think in terms of static electricity, a highly negative zone connected to a ground will have net transfer of electrons to the ground literally,so you can always model this current flow as electron motion current otherwise called electricity,city means motion,hence electrons in motion
ok it is pretty clear i have absolutely no idea how electricity works.
Can this idea be extended to BJTs and FETs ?
I love videos loke this but they always make me feel ignorant when i dont understand something. So i get that the bulb turns on even if their is a break in the circuit but would it stay on? Once the change in fields reaches the break wouldnt it be in the same state as it was when the switch was open and turn back off?
So even in an open circuit we'd get that initial current?
I enjoyed both videos and learned much. Thank you.
Question.. After the initial current has passed, if the wire is broken somewhere in the circuit will the bulb continue to emit light or will it stop? Hopefully, you'll be able to see this comment! :)
You can't be good in all fields.  Be careful when you step on someones field.
What a fantastic folded dipole!🤔
I'm so fuckin lost, quantum mechanics literally makes more sense to me.
This video is  the greatest collection of rubbish I have seen on the net in years. The penny dropped when I read about how many hits this series gets. All those "hits" are dollars. This crowd is making a fortune with their nonsense.   Just a couple of gems. Surface charge in a conductor. Only true for RF. Hollow pipes of copper used in RF transmitters. OFC copper.  Current density is another clanger. Anyone who has ever calculated wire gauge for voltage drops in power installations knows about that one. All about cross sectional area and wire resistance.   But very clever. Beautiful graphics. A video version of Deepak Chopra.  Will make these folks a lot of money.
I like turtles 🐢
OK, So now can you explain why at switch on the build up and flow happens in steps ! That is some sort of natural phenonium and therefore affected by the laws of nature. BUT what causes it? Is it capacitive or Inductive ? Is some kind of saturation taking place. What What What. Watt ? It was not expected or foreseen . Needs explaining !
😅😅 when the professor schools the know it all's in class who try to make him look bad
@veritasium I have a question, if the enegy is Carried by field, then what is field.
I might be late to the party,  but this video reminds me of the Newton vs Einsteinian explanations of gravity, or the quantum vs relativistic analysis of nature. For me, above all else, this video (and the responses to the earlier video by my other favourite youtubers) demonstrate the importanace of experimentation and computation anslysis vs commentary. Thank you to all thinkers who are indespensible participants in the scientific method.
Thats how crystal radio works with no batteries
Well, converting the wire to a shorted capacitor certainly solves your problem. The original video is still misleading, as you get the same result by not shorting the capacitor. 🤷
I’m convinced the covenant is what really matters.
This has important real-world implications in the marine environment. There is concern about how EMFs from subsea cables and renewable energy infrastructure will affect elasmobranchs (sharks, skates and rays) as they have specialised sensory organs that can detect EMFs. I would love to see the channel address this subject!
From 6:00 to 6:18 you say there is a build up of electrons leading up to the load, and a deficiency of electrons after the load, but this would violate the conservation of charge wouldn’t it? If it doesn’t, then it must violate the rule that current is the same in a series simple circuit. Either way it’s looked at, this statement doesn’t make sense.
If only my physics class was this interesting.  What a great video!!! You clarified my 5 year doubt in just 20 mins
its always sad when electrician  forget what happens when a fluoro light is near a tesla coil the clearly shows fields. bugs me the amount of energy  in the air from wireless hone  tower emitted from wires list goes on that we could catch and use. im a potato though
Where'd you go to college? The University of YouTube.  Seriously- if this keeps up, youll get a better education on here than any college.  Explanations are much better than most college courses.  Plus the interjections from others which forces a person to defend themselves with additional explaining.
why did u build those high fancy wooden sticks/posts? why not build the whole set up a few centimeters above the ground? u even risked damaging that very precise and expensive device (had it fallen by accident);
HI Derek, as a highschool Science teacher, i have struggled for over 20 years to explain current and voltage to students aged 15-16 years old in a way that keeps it simple enough to not blow their minds, but that doesn't oversimplify so much as to lead to massive misconceptions. This all makes a lot of sense to me, but I still don't know how to then define voltage to students...if a 12V battery is used is the field generated just stronger, so more energy is transferred to the load when compared to say a 2V battery?
@22:10 should be "...far better credentials in electrical engineering than I have." You are not a credential in electrical engineering...
Now think how smart the nikola tesla was😮.if government and wealthy people of that time supported him we could've wireless energy everywhere and free as well.
The real question is should we count radio wave which was the first to reach the bulb as the main carrier of electric power. I would say certainly no, as this radio wave is only short lived burst due to sudden opening of the switch. If you would open any other similar switch nearby the results would be the same. Long lived EM field which produces current and provides power to the bulb is static ie it doesnt change with time and is a result of a long (> 1 >> 1/c) process of becoming steady.  I would like to see if the rotation by 90 deg of the "bulb" (resistor) with some connected wires would remove this initial voltage in the actual experiment.
TLDR: Energy is transported both by electrons and through the fields. Electrons interact via the electromagnetic field, and the energy related to these interactions is carried by this field, allowing for energy transport both within and outside of conductors.  In the realm of quantum physics, matter is composed of fundamental particles, exhibiting a property known as wave-particle duality. The electron, one such particle, is not just a point-like entity but is more accurately represented by a quantum field, the electron field. Electrons carry an inherent property - electric charge, which is quantized. This charge is not merely a label, but the source of rich interactions mediated by another quantum field, the electromagnetic field. These fields are distinct, yet intimately connected. The electromagnetic field mediates the interaction between electrons, and this interaction is fundamentally governed by the amount of charge they possess. This relationship is captured by mathematical models such as Coulomb's law. However, in our daily language, we often speak in terms of voltage, which is tied to the electric field. This is an electrostatic approximation, and in time-varying, dynamic situations, it's more accurate to speak in terms of the broader electromagnetic field. When we discuss the flow of electric charge, we talk about current, which is typically confined to conductors like wires. But when we consider the flow of energy, we enter the realm of the electromagnetic field that surrounds and permeates these conductors. The Poynting vector is a tool that gives us the direction of this energy flow within the field. The energy within these systems is a conserved quantity and represents their capacity to do work. This is encapsulated in the definition of work, W=F⋅D⋅cos(θ), where F = force, D = displacement in meters, cos is the cosine trigonometric function, θ is the angle at which the force is applied, and work has units of joules (J), a measure of energy. The potential energy of an electron within a system is a function of its location and proximity to other charges, indicating its capacity to do work. The electromagnetic field is more than just a stage for these interactions. It's a player in its own right, mediating the forces that move electrons and is responsible for transporting energy in electromagnetic systems. Within this field, electric and magnetic components are inseparable aspects of the same entity, influencing each other such that changing electric fields coincide with magnetic fields. Energy is carried within this electromagnetic field, extending around and beyond conductors. In alternating current (AC) systems, the oscillating electric and magnetic fields can carry energy away from the wires, illustrating that energy is indeed transported via these fields. In contrast, in direct current (DC) systems, the electric and magnetic fields are static. The energy transfer still occurs via the electromagnetic field, but the energy remains within the system unless a change occurs, maintaining the principle of energy conservation. In conclusion, the dance of the electrons, mediated by the electromagnetic field, plays a central role in energy transport both within and outside conductors. The story of energy is told both by the electrons themselves and through the fields they interact with.
Now i get to know why tesla and edison became rival
A ridiculous  simulation.  The capacitance and self induction  is what controls how the fields develop.  Actually this created  problems in the first cable  connection from  USA to  UK. .
This was awesome!!! I understood it perfectly! I had to rewatch it a few times though....
So what happens if the resistor is connected directly to the positive side of the battery and the switch is connected directly to the negative side of the battery and there is 300 km of conductor between the switch and the opposite side of the resistor?
Controversial opinion, electricity isn't real. It's just undercover feds that make your light bulbs glow
Man will never figure out exactly what electricity is.
13:30 … after a half century on this planet, I think I finally might start to understand how antennas and RF works, despite growing up with an electrician father with a Ham license, and getting one myself 15 years ago. The common “electrons move” explanation never intuitively made sense to me, but this field understanding really does, especially after seeing that disconnected wire.
Wow! I always ask electricians how they visualise electricity and usually get puzzled expressions from blokes who had never even thought of the wonders they worked with every day. This is such a mind expanding video. Thank you so much.
So here is really just send power to the lamp same way a tesla coil does
I think that you think wrong that you understand... you don`t, just have the illusion that you understand...
My brain gave up after @15:14. Fascinating...thank you!
This will continue to shock me until I die. Derek, thank you! If this doesn't sound like a miraculously poetic revelation, you didn't understand it.
I'm not sure why there's so much controversy and misunderstanding. It's just a capacitor and no one would argue that AC flows across a capacitor. They are literally used to filter AC in simple circuits like those found in electric guitars.  The ends of the two wires are irrelevant. For all intents and purposes, they can be considered as being disconnected (for the first few milliseconds to seconds depending on the length of the wire).  In summary, you just have two wires serving as the two plates of a capacitor.   Sure, he's using DC instead of AC but when initially flicking the switch and going from zero to a predefined voltage, that's a change... as in; it's "alternating" from zero to a specific "current". The very definition of AC. Flick the switch at 60 times per second and you have 60 Hz AC (just all to the positive side instead of fluctuating between positive and negative).  So of course his example will "pass voltage" at the speed of light/electricity to ANY nearby conductor regardless of whether or not it's physically connected.   There's no engineering degree required to understand this unless you are overthinking it or want precise quantification of the event. So the original video should have been called "What would happen if you had a REALLY LARGE one light second wide capacitor?"
There is always another way of looking at a problem. In collage, KTH in Sweden, we were learning about standing wave in wave conductors. We had 2 teachers that explained it in 2 different ways and could not agree. Then we had a computer project C++ programming to do so they asked 4 of us to make a simulation of this. I cranked the equations in to C++ and the final equation was about a meter long on the screen. This was 94 and we had first Pentium computers with clock speed of 65 Mhz i think, so we could not illustrate the simulation live but had to put it in to memory and use pointers to read it in to the simulation faster. One of us was really good with the graphics and made a beautiful (for the time) 2d and then 3d simulation.  Both teachers firs said the simulation was wrong but when looking deeply saw that it was describing the unification of both their explanations. It was fun teaching the teachers something. I had some contact with my collage 7 years later and they were still using our program to show this.
What would this look like for more complex wires, such as twisted pairs, coax cables, or wires with EM shielding?
Yes, yes, very interesting. But why can't we use our planet's existing fields to create wireless free energy?
Previously you am gave credence to the electromagnetic field effect.  Now it is just the electric field - confusing?
This video takes all the mysteries out of radio wave propagation and antenna operation.
Did the guy who intentionally electrocutes himself for likes really do a video disputing this? LOL
JEE Advance exam apparently decided to ask a question based on this concept lol!
so i think there will be 3 waves of energy hit that bulb at turn on. the first to get there will be a shock wave tesla talks about traveling directly to the bulb at c/pie (very minute power called a scalar wave 1 time event). The second wave to get there will be a vibration of the media transmission type traveling at C via photons. (also very small power 1 time event). The 3rd and final will be the energy coming down the line at 1 second. Not a sharp pulse anymore due to the long distance. This one will be the one needed to light the bulb with only 12v the other will not be able to turn on a regular bulb.  Bottom line answer is 1 second for all practical purposes. superconducting wires are assumed.
Everything he described in the first part is correct (and yes, it is taught in school) but totally irrelevant to his hypotheses. And what he said about the light turning on regardless of the circuit being complete at 13:19 is completely bogus. Boo. Bad video.
Does this mean, if I live next to a power plant, I don’t to pay for electricity?
Un sjam kocidenc asgje nuk eshte kocidence ai lar po ju lajmeron te kuponi
It was great explaination Derek. Thank you so much for your time, effort and consideration to make this wonderful masterpiece vedio. Thank you so so much. Wish of love and wishes from FINLAND
So in the original example, if the battery was completely disconnected and connected as the switch, would it then not take 2 seconds for the bulb to light? Still misleading in my opinion.
This is just "Parasite" signal :)
“Confusion you created.”  “Unintentional hype train/algorithm gaming.”  Tomato, tomato.
You should have added the disconected wite with the LED light next to the real thisng so we can compare the Two ON lightbulbs.
Uncle verri... Sis Retta... Bro oum
if you have an almost rupture in the cable, how would it work for the fields? os simply getting an circuit with the font of energy, and resistors in series, there is only one electrical field, how would the energy generates work in the resistors? and in parallel? would love some videos of what happens to the fields in different cases.
You got people thinking.that was the point. I really like these videos. In my opinion some of the better content on YouTube.
Нет слов, просто потрясающе
Existing cabling had significant problems with interference:  "When a number of wires run parallel to one another, either suspended or otherwise, any change in the current flowing in one wire causes currents in all the rest by induction, and the effect may be so great as to seriously interfere with the working of telephonic circuits, and to a less degree of ordinary telegraphic circuits also."  Heaviside’s solution was the coaxial cable, an inner conductor surrounded by an insulating layer, which was then surrounded by a conducting shield.  "My improvements have for object to obtain perfect protection, and to render a circuit completely independent under all circumstances of external inductive influences. For this purpose I use two insulated conductors for the circuit, and place one of them inside the other; thus, one conductor may be a wire, and the other a tube or sheath, which must also be insulated. When the tube and inner wire are electrically connected at both ends of the line, as through apparatus in the usual manner, the circuit as thus described is completely independent of other circuits, and any number of such circuits, each containing an insulated tube and inner wire, may be laid side by side without any mutual inductive interference, and without interference from other wires worked in ordinary manners."
Never gamble against Derek Mueller.  He will school you.
@veritasium Great content. What about Heaviside's work in this field? Heaviside's contributions to transmission line theory: waves, diffusion and energy flux...coaxial cables, inductors, etc.  Let's keep the 'current' of research flowing, spark constructive debates without 'resistance', and ensure that cynicism doesn't 'short-circuit' our pursuit of knowledge. Let's remember, it's better to be an 'insulator' of progress than a conductor of hyper-criticality. 😉
Awesome!!
Im sorry but you are very wrong
the circuit is switched on by the universe that giant computer your inside.
As an electrical engineering college major who went on to software engineering, this is a great, in depth blast from the past!  Indeed, for many simple circuits in common situations, the simplified lumped-matter discipline (LMD) suffices, but for more complicated situations one needs to have a more nuanced understanding between the LMD view and Maxwell's equations, which usually point to transmission lines.  Iirc, "more complicated" means that the speed of signal propagation through the conductors is no longer infinite, which usually happens in practice for RF circuits.  But I guess if a conductor length is immense relative to other distances in the circuit it becomes relevant even for a step function.
Just admit you dabbled in an area outside of your experience, and fucked up.  You were wrong, just say it you arrogant ... person?
does a bettery with a charge weigh heavier?
Potential difference on battery's poles causing electrons to moving in one direction. It is called Voltage. DC voltage. Try to explain 3 phase AC 🤣
So you mislead us. Thanks Derek 👍
“No, YOU’RE wrong” if it was a video.
Have you talked to the minecraft creators, and red stone usage?
You created a misleading video for views and was exposed. Accept your mistake, apologise and move on.
Isn't this just induction? The electricity creates a magnetic field and the field which creates induction   on the top wire.
Today i went to my future university and informed myself about different studies. I have decided to start my electronical engineering study this winter :)
I thin our entire physics concept of a particle is incorrect. I think there are actually not any particles whatsoever and what we are actually seeing occur is potential difference in vibration.If you have a guitar string and you pluck it, the entire string vibrates all at once, there is no wave of force that is concentrated at the point where you pluck it, The string is held on two ends and those two fixed ends create a tension over the entire string. Because of that, when you "pluck" the string, the string tries to return back to its original fixed state and that attempt to return to equilibreum is what we call reverberation. Its simply something trying to return to equilibreum and has nothing to do with a flow of energy in any particular direction. When you have the positive and negative side of a battery connected to a wire, you are simply creating an energy potential difference, the matter itself is simply trying to return to a state of equilibreum and there happens a reverb due to this attempt to restor itself. Thats the whole reason batteries only work when the two different metals are seperated by something and do not work if there is no seperation. By having the seperator in a battery be something permeable, you are simply creating a path of least resistence and the energy will follow the path of least resistance and thats how you control the direction that the energy moves. I think our science will remain stagnate so long as we hold on to this silly particles concept. No one seems to be questioning particle theory whatsoever, we still believe that light occurs in the form of moving "photons" instead of it being a wavelength. Everything is about equilibreum because nature hates an imbalance of anything, so the understanding of this is as simple as that, create an imbalance and energy will move in order to bring itself back into balance, its that movement that we call current. However calling it "current" has made us think of it like how we think of water when that isnt really how it works either. We still even believe in the concept of molecules despite having no proof that things actually arrange themselves in that way. We have all bought this idea of particle theory and have made a giant confirmation bias surrounding it. The age of wave theory is somewhere in the future and I hope we get to it soon by taking the "particle" out of particle-wave theory, a theory that is more of a mutual agreement to satisfy particle believers than it is an actual theory in itself.
Lol I wouldn't take advice from electroboom. He's such a cringer
Kudos for your modesty and for being so humble. I learn so much from your videos. Please continue to make them. I was always confused in engineering school when they taught the analogy of flow of electricity and then got totally lost in field theory. That was 50 years ago. Now I understand the connection a little better. Thanks
Then what happens to shielded wires and why do they still work.
Love this series of going deeper and deeper 👌🏽
I saw this awhile ago and my subconscious must have processed it and I had a shower moment this morning. Or at least a moment in the show that felt like I understood this.  I'm typing this to get it out of my head, else it will just wonder around in here. I might be very wrong but here goes. The free electrons in the wire, with no power source or field applied to it ,moves around in all directions with equal energy. Thus zero electron drift, because over time the vectors will cancel each other out. The little I understand of String theory suggest that the (not so free) electrons, as visualised as rubber bands, vibrate in all directions. Thus, over time the sum of the vectors of these vibrations cancel out. Two concepts here, the free electrons and the electrons bound in the atoms. Also mixing practical theories here. Now a field is applied to the system. The electrons drift because of the electron's movement in the opposite direction of the field, but does all the random vectors collapse into one movement vector or is the magnitude between the drift vector and all other vectors such that it creates a delta in the direction of the drift vector. Both give the same answer but the understanding is different. For String theory, does it means that the "rubber band" elongate in the drift direction? Looking at resistance, the more the electrons transfers energy to the atoms, the more they vibrate. The more they vibrate the hotter the wire will become. The more the atoms vibrate the more likely it will interact with a free electron, thus more collisions.  Thus cooling the wire down will reduce the atom's vibrations, leaving broader paths with fewer collision, thus less resistance. But complex problems have easy to understand wrong answers.
In that experiment, if the wires were not just copper but heavy insulated wires that shield the EMF, there wouldn't be that sudden increase in voltage right and the bulb would light up after 1 sec when the field actually gets propagated through the wires first before it reaches the bulb?
The lumped model is the equivalent of Newton's gravity model where he models gravity as a force. For most of the applications, that model works, but as you go deeper in the pursuit to find out what exactly gravity is, you'll find a completely different model where Einstein does not consider gravity as a force, but an effect of distorted space-time and things get way more complicated.
Unfortunately we are again witnessing that all good comments are buried under the excessive amount of gushing comments mostly from people with a shallow understanding of the topic, who just like to relish the illusion of having gained a deep understanding of something.   And as for your response, you've offered some decent explanations and adjustments to your previous claims. However, as usual, you failed to acknowledge the incorrectness and misleading nature of your original claim. Anyone watching your first video would simply interpret your words as implying that the total current (and thus with maximum brightness) reaches the bulb in 1/c seconds, which is not true at all!   I wish you had the courage to honestly admit your blunders, rather than simply attributing it to others' misunderstanding.
I really liked these electric field videos. It's kind of scary how even most electricians in the construction industry don't really understand how electricity works. I don't claim to have a full and in depth knowledge myself but continuing with the danger point. All of our specialized trades were concentrated in a small area of a single floor in a multi-story hospital we were building. Because we all had extension cords plugged into a single temporary outlet we had pulled the outlet exposing a little piece of wire outside it's insulation and the electrical engineer on site assured us they had the latest circuit breakers installed and we're pushing for a deadline and this one electrician who was an enthusiastic amateur physics buff explained how under the right conditions the electrical current could easily beat the circuit breaker making it extremely dangerous but was not listened to by the engineer. Later on that night a colleague and I were moving a metal trolley past the outlet in limited space, the trolley didn't come into contact with any wire but we both saw this large glowing arc of electricity reach out of the gloom latch onto the trolley for what seemed like a good second or two before power throughout half the building died. We could have been killed but the site manager's were more p@#$sed off at the delay and if that electrician wasn't there to argue our case me and my colleague may have been blamed. This was in Sydney not long ago. Sadly even though I don't work for that company anymore I wouldn't want to complain to loudly as it would affect my ability to continue to work in the industry. I think it's scary though that many people in the industry are more like cooks following a recipe than a chef who understands the science underpinning what he's doing and so the majority find it difficult to cope with unexpected conditions arising
Nikola Tesla is what I'm hraring
just get a bri-ish accent man and they will believe instantly
At 20:00, what do you mean by 1/c s?
This is really a great video ... but are-we done ? not yet : we should have asked Richard Feynman to give us the explanation at a deepest level ie quantum electrodynamic. Does somebody have any clue ?
Thank you so much, you have no idea how much this furthered my understanding of electromagnetism, this has been genuinely really helpful.
Great stuff
or, Aether
I am just in high school, but I am very interested in physics. This man is a god for doing this. It is honestly really hard to have a contrarian idea about something and explain your stance and make people understand what you think is closer to the way a circuit actually works. I have read like string theory, entropy and the famous E=mc^2, I wonder many things(including what if the model of atoms was actually way different in real life), and this man has grown my interest. At the end of the day, the internet isn’t actually that bad.
So around the 13:30 mark, Ben's simulated the E-field of the completely disconnected wire and its result was similar to that of the top wire until the reflection. I was wondering what would happen if a LED was connected to the disconnected wire. Would the LED light up halfway? Would the LED stay on if it lights up? From what I understand, there should be no current flowing in the disconnected wire so theoretically the LED should not light up, and the E-Field simulated is the E-field outside the wire. Does that make any sense?
Good work , have to study the importance of Maxwell equations😅! The other youtubers actively participating on the explanation healthily..🎉
Voltage is the rate at which magnetism is stored and consumed in a circuit and amperage is the rate at which electrostatic fields are stored and consumed in a circuit
Yes I'm convinced.
17:03 capacitor example is not correct, all the capacitors get charged in "parallel", not sequentially as is being made the viewers to understand.
I feel like I missed something but idk what. Why when he talks about the electric field moving electrons are the red arrows in the opposite direction? 10:03
Shepherd and dog analogy is a good analogy, but what moves the sheep?
Physics first always.
Whether you did a good job or not is not what's important as you might think.   What is important here is that millions of people all over will take up the discussion and come to understand that the fields hold the energy which in turn causes electricity to flow.   And with any luck the industrial base deficit of 50,000 - 60,000 PCB Designers in the US will be filled with those who better comprehend that fields affect the product they're building.  NICE FREAKING SCOPE  !!!  omg did ya see that thing!
What a joke,  you could research lots of other useful things, ie, research about cancer treatment which can save 1000s of lives everyday.
If the delay is 1m/c then try moving the wire separation to 1/10m and then 10m and measure the delay for each. That should confirm the theory.
If we use quantum physics this electron act as wave and particle for this phenomenon kindly explain
4:20 "A lot of animations make it look like the electrons push eachother through the circuit" Yeah, your own animation from the video titled "How special relativity makes magnets work" shows this "misconception", at 1:27 into that video. Incredibly dishonest not to show your own animation in this video. Incredibly dishonest to leave these two videos contradicting eachother without any further explanation.
Don't worry: that's the difference between physicists and engineers
you tell em derrick
This explains why Tesla was thinking about transferring electricity without wires.
Reminds me of a mathematical proof that a certain signal filter cannot be made with less than X components - researchers tried genetic algorithm to make that filter with least amount of components and it solved the problem with less than X (!), breaking the initial assumption. Researchers were surprised and looked on the circuit - it contained a loop of wire not connected to anything, but participating as a component. The algorithm found better than "best" solution because it utilized these electromagnetic fields, which were not considered in the original proof, relying on the simplified model of how circuits work.
It just came to me, and start puzzling me a lot.  Could you please explain (in an intuitive way) that why "constant current induces constant magnetic field, but only changing magnetic flux induces current"?  Since electric field and magnetic field are intrinsically only one thing, why constant magnetic field does not induce electric field but the reverse?
Difficult, I need this in dutch and slower ;)
check at 17:02  seems like youve got the sign of charges and electron flow in the wrong direction
Using a regular filament resistive home light bulb eliminates the possibility of small stray currents or micro pulses from being detected.   That regular light bulb used in a thought experiment means the thought experiment is ignoring small stray currents the same as the thought experiment is assumed to have zero resistance electrical conductors.   The use of 12 volt car battery means there are no high voltages or large electric fields.   It was troubling to understand why there was a 1 meter distance given between the wire conductors, but the use of regular light bulb as a detector meant any stray currents would be ignored so it wasn't meant to be a transmission line or a radio antenna.   If a mechanical galvanometer where placed as a detector it would have been an entirely different thought experiment.  The needle of the galvanometer would register a slight kick and change in electric fields.    This demonstration still gives the impression to a person without experiential background that transmitting electrical power through electrical fields with no connecting conductors might be a viable means of electrical power transmission.  Static electricity discharge is a major concern for ICs and anybody experiencing  a static electricity discharge when touching a door knob in dry air, but it does not wirelessly transmit electric power well.  Magnetic fields are used to convey and transform electric power.  Radio is the main use of electric fields.   Maxwells equations are greatly for changing fields, not direct current from a 12 volt car battery.  This kind of thinking ignores the way the universe and our world developed that would be different if the aspects portrayed were in anyway dominant.  Such as the baseless inclination that noncondensing greenhouse gases being able to warm the planet when earth's greenhouse effect is held in heavy saturation unable to change by the strong greenhouse gas water vapor.  Using large diameter copper piping with much larger than typically experienced wire conductor surface area opens the experiment to other factors that are avoided in every day life with smaller diameter wire used in home wiring and local power distribution systems.   The relatively large surface area of those copper conductors starts to look like the plates of a capacitor both visually and electrically.   As active elements of an antenna I'd be curious to known if it changes the antenna's transmitting and reception ability by having very large diameter elements.
RF is it. All about the fields... Good one. You keep us thinking. Cheers
Incredible video
The plot thickens
You know you have a right to be proud when you understand perfectly what he said while his fellow pros misread him.🙃
Im confused. If electrons have to be in motion in order to produce the electric field which transfers the energy to the lightbulb, how could a broken circuit turn on the light bulb? I thought electrons can’t move at all in a broken circuit. I know the motion of electrons and their production of an electric field is relative but what if you as the observer wasn’t moving either? I thought there can be no current and therefore no flow of electrons in an open circuit?
Nice video. I would try to explain this circuit from my basic EE knowledge. When you first turn on the switch. The voltag signal goes through a sudden change in wire. This sudden change in voltage w.r.t time is in fact a high-frequency AC signal. Its a high freq. signal so RF/uWave effects would come in since wavelength of the signal is way-smaller than length of the transmission line. Using distributed circuit element model the caps. would conduct and there would be a current flow.  After that time passes and signal gets stable/constant DC then you can use gold old lumped element model with one resistor and two wires :)
You know, the 'speed' you are picking up can be explained conventionally with the capacitance between the two conductors.  Conventional modeling of this circuit would include the capacitance between the two conductors, which would start acting based on the speed of light through air, and the distance between the conductors.  Also,  the inductance of the conductors would inhibit current-buildup to some maximum level depending on the varying dv/dt along the two conductors length.  These effects would begin to be felt before the current had a chance to travel the long-path, through the conductor.  I don't know what you think you are proving, except that conventional thought on electrical current flow, is valid.  What's the poynt?;-)
videos like this should be deleted
If you think about it, in the end that's the principal that makes induction energy work. It's the same thing.
So, how does insulating a conductor affect surface charges ? So do insulated wires also have surface charges ?
the diagram at  14:00 to 14:03 (approx) has always bugged me. It is the classic diagram for EM propagation. However the electric and magnetic fields should be offset by an extra 90 degrees of phase.  The peak of the magnetic field should occur as the electric field is changing fastest (i.e. as it crosses its zero in the diagram) and vice versa.  Where am i wrong, misguided or some other construct.  pretty please
The video shows what happens on DC, can you demonstrate the behavior on AC please? It would be great to see how the magnetic field oscillates and what causes it.
Nope. Not convinced.  You have merely demonstrated induction.  You have not proven your original claim that,  "ENERGY DOESN'T FLOW IN WIRES". I am not convinced you understand the standard model correctly.  If you understood you would a) arrange the circuit to be as close as ideal so as to NOT have any induction. b) realize the induction current is minuscule compared to the main current.  c) realize the induced current is a current along the wire in which electrons flow.  d) realize it is the change in the field putting it in relative motion to the other wire that induces the tiny current (not the mere existence of the field).  e) realize that after the light is fully lit the field will be in steady state and the induced current drops to zero.  All that remains is the main current which is NOT caused by the field and is not transmitting power along the wire by the field.  ... and at this point I am tired of listing all your errors.  You could set up an experiment to falsify your claim if you understood.  I am now going to take a heavy dose of sedatives to calm down.  But first I need to find a drug dealer because no doctor would prescribe them under these circumstances.
This is amazing!  Is this a relatively new discovery, or is this something that the layman has just not been aware of?
So is the charge density everywhere 0, or is there a charge gradient in the wire?????????
For those of you who dont get it, use this link to start over 😂 - 2:43
No. Everything comes out of my personal recollection mixed with some disappointing info just to suck my brains out
I've only started learning about electricity recently, so a lot of this is above my level. But I've seen some of the reactions to these videos.  This is an interesting experience because I know those who are reacting to this know way more than I do, as well as the guy making these videos. As a person that believes in Creation, I'm very familiar with the concealed monopoly that is the control and regulation of knowledge and it's flow, which has been in place for many centuries now...which is becoming more sophisticated with time.   In other words, the knowledge we learned from subjects (history, science, math, etc) and trade schools are actually the redacted/altered versions of the genuine source, which is reserved for the upper ruling cla$$es only.   Common people school is for "knowledge is power"  Ruling class school is for "Power = Knowledge".
"Obviously 10 metres is a lot shorter than a lightsecond"     dialogue of the day
I occasionally teach electronics. I impress upon students that a volt is a joule of energy per coulomb of electrical charge. This suggests that the energy is in the electrons themselves (as a field) and not because they are flowing like water in a pipe. One of my analogies is, to take the energy (ounce of sugar) in one can of coke. Or this can of coke could have 2 ounces of energy in it. It would deliver twice the energy to your body as the can with one ounce of sugar. The current (energy delivered to your body) only specifies the number of cokes which you consume over some time period. Here too, the product of the sugar delivered (number of cokes) and how many are consumed in the time period, yields the energy-rate or power. The point of this is that the ENERGY of the electrons vary, not the FLOW of the electrons. This dispenses the myth that voltage is akin to water pressure. There is no way you can derive units of pressure that are analogous to voltage when you realize that the pressure on the water doesn't equate with water itself possessing variable energy.
electrons dont move inside the battery!
This is a clear demonstration that energy is transferred in a field. This demonstration only works because the conductors are a transmission line. The bulb lights only dimly due to the reactive coupling between the conductors. The bulb does not fully light until the field completes the path around the conductors, and then the voltage rise is a function of the series inductance of the wires. If the circuit was a circular loop the bulb would not light until the field travelled the length of the loop, however, it would not turn on instantaneously due to series inductance.
It is still flawed, i still dissagree greatly with this explanation. The electric field part is OK and I know there is much to be discovered in the field of electro physics or quantum physics and i dont know everything but one thing is clear, electrons DONT flow, ever. Energy does. Energy is vibration of particles and their fields. Electrons stay put embeded inside the metal wires at all times. Becouse WHERE DOES THE POWER GENERATOR or grid transformer GETS IT GAZILION ELECTRONS TO SEND TO THE GRID if there is no phisical contact between the two poles inside? Well it doesnt, becouse it doesnt need to. The circle is not actualy complete in RL. Energy is transmited within the electric field that is created when turning on an electric device.
Why then do high  voltage lines, not short circuits, they are well within each other's field... and load  it seams to me there should be s lot of cross over voltage
Matter and interactions is a great book / youtube channel. Excellent education. They explain it so you really understand it.
I don't understand the comment about the bulb and car battery, clearly they do not understand this was an illustration. Unless, the bulb was some special DC powered LED bulb, it couldn't even light up with DC battery power. It sure looked like a regular residential AC LED bulb to me.
You show that even before the switch is turned on (connected) the battery is already impacting the wire on either side of the battery. However, if one puts a switch on either side of the battery, not as much of the wire would already be impacted. I am dimwitted (so to speak), so I probably have this wrong, but I assume this would make no difference, because the instant both switches connect, current starts flowing and the magnetic field lights up the bulb in 1m/C.   Pointing out that you left out the m in the equation is pedantic. The speed of light is almost always expressed in m/s, so not a huge leap to think it was meant to be 1m/C. It must be tough to be constantly nit-picked, but I suppose science needs to be precise.
Your demonstration might have accidentally solved the light (proton or wave) problem. The energy of the light is wave. The proton travels straight. Because the screen can only detect the energy the proton releases, the wave pattern is observed. If only one proton is shot, one dot is detected. That one dot is not an evidence of a proton, it is the energy releases by the proton. I hope I am OK with my description in English. It is difficult to put into 2D words.
So good, I found alphaphoenix because of this too
I forgive you 🙃
You’re great. I’d really like to know how many young people you inspired to seek out to enter a carrier in science and technology, bet it’s more than some countries’ populations :D
Thank you so much for your interesting video. I have a question and will be glad if you guide me. You told that for receiving the energy, we need to have both magnetic and electric fields around the load; how the magnetic field is formed around the load when we have a disconnected circuit in the down circuit in the video? That separated wire has no voltage and if we press the switch, there will not be a current similar the top circuit. It will be just a brief current of getting the same potential after connecting 2 wires. I mean the negative side of battery will be distributed just on a more surface! I know you are right because we have WiFi 😂 but don't know how it works. Thank you so much in advance🙏🌹
Thank you! Very interesting and really well done!
Please don't use the term "voltage" . Correct term is "(electric) Tension". Otherwise you would have to wrongly use "amperage" instead of the right word: "Current".  Thanks.
What if you repeated the experiment using a screened cable and a screened battery and switch? The field would only exist inside the cable and could not propagate directly?
So, could you light a bulb on a separate unpowered circuit? Like a bulb on a separate wire that's close to the battery source? For that matter, could you light a bulb not even on a wire sitting next to the battery source?
I will never again search for "how to replace a light bulb" 💡
1:36 The smile on his face really says it all.
What's with the Miyagi logo hoodie?
If you really want to drive the point home in an indisputable way, use three light bulbs. Use one across from the switch called E, one on the far end of the circuit on the closed-negative side called N, and one on the far end of the circuit on the closed-positive side called P. The naive hypothesis would predict that the lights would illuminate in order of N, E, and finally P. Your hypothesis predicts that E illuminates first and then P and N illuminate simultaneously.
I burst out laughing when i saw the first video. 'this is going to cause a tiff'
I'm not convinced that Veritasium will ever make a video that isn't bunk. So I'm going to skip this one because all the others I've seen are crap.
Already at 4:12, there’s a misconception again being made. I realize we probably use different models but if you compare the human body to the circuit or even a normal river, it becomes very clear. Blood in the body is the medium through which red and white blood cells which likely can act as + and - bump into larger structures which are slower moving create a flow which causes electricity there same as your circuit. The flow causes this. At every scale. Just a simple toroidal flow which has always existed.
I’m just trying to understand the basics. Am I retarded or is this for people who already understand electricity
so THIS is how wireless charging works
🤔🧐 seeing you uploaded this a year ago have you considered asking chat gbt or any other AI chatbot for that matter to help you create a faster Illuminating Light Bulb?
This is what a good physics debate is its just to find what is correct not to prove someone wrong i watched both the videos of veritasium and electroboom and watching  both of them for a while
Video just ended, what just happened? I slept through after quarter way
Electric current and electromagnetic energy are two totally separate things. Electricity is defined as the flow of charged particles, such as an electron, through a conductor and measured in Coulombs per second, or amperes. The electric and magnetic fields around conductor are considered electromagnetic energy and are measured in joules. Fields travel at the purported speed of light. Electric charge flow is much slower.  I think pointing out this distinction is important for people trying to understand what electricity is and the energetic forms it takes.
So good. Thank you.
I believe this video is titled very poorly.
Excellent explanation, this also helps to understand how electricity is generated in a piezoelectric element.
Are you a physicist? If so, you'd better return your diploma. Physicists try to design experiments in such a way that all known influences are compensated. In your case, you have 2 dipoles that are parallel to each other, i.e. they have strong coupling. In your experiment, the wires to the switch should come perpendicular to the wires of the bulb. For example, they go from the switch in the horizontal plane and come to the bulb vertically and in the distance they describe a quarter of the circle. So you will immediately notice no jump at all!  ps And you can also change the opinion about the professors who helped you ;)
am an electrical engineering  student, i would like to thank you for giving this knowledge, gives so much fundamental information and approach to electricity.... i wish these kinds of study would be encouraged in campus rather than mugging up text books.... and also professors with similar curiosity should teach students ... questioning everything.. love from India
Can someone explain why the E field would react instantaneously to the change in impedance in the circuit 1 light year away?
For fucks sake, would you please study electrodynamics. Poynting Vector gives all the answer you are looking for
It's remarkable how much of society depends on electromagnetism, but so few people can agree on how exactly it works in detail. There's always some kind of language or intent gap. It's so unintuitive as a concept but at the same time it's fundamental to the universe.
Magic. Got it.
Can someone please explain how accumulators work? Imho a chemical reaction sends electrons from one side to the other when charging and opposite when using it. But we just learned that electrons are not the source of power. Now I'm confused 🤔
13:17 you just negated the entire point of your first video. This is a 'trick' and nothing more.
So funny
For a hundred years, people have known a certain knowledge.
As someone who's electronics education was more than 60 years ago, I can't describe how unintuitive some of these ideas are, and how confusing I found the first video. But after this one, it's beginning to make some sense! OTOH, isn't the thought experiment of 300,000 km of wire but the switch 1 metre from the light a special case? What if the switch was 1 km from the light? Wouldn't the inverse square law mean that negligible EM would reach the light, so the light would need to wait for the field to build-up through the wires?
just to make it clear to those who don't get it ,,,,his first light bulb did not light up when he switched it on due to the field it was only when the current going though the wire went through it ,,,it was only a lie ,the truth is the small amount of electrical energy he claims got there first is too small to light the bulb ,,,,electrons going though the wire do travel slower that the electrons in a field but the field electrons cannot and did not light the bulb as he led you to believe in the first video,,,,hope this helps you understand ,,,,simply if you were confused it is not your fault as you were tricked ...that is why you use bigger wires for bigger loads .
Why do you not get a cancellation to the force if you have the same energy flow into both sides of the bulb?
Much better video that the previous.
True that's why when you make a ac detector with transistors you make light go on.
How would insulation on the wire effect the analysis?    Thank you, very interesting video.
if we supposedly take a home with 2 rooms, then with this logic, if we close the switch of one, it should lifht the two lightbulbs of the two rooms!!!!
Linie długie panowie
Great videos on this channel.
Derek, you are the bomb.  No one is a top drawer master of every little detail any more.  Maybe back in the 1800's top flight people could do that, but those days are gone.  I thought your original video was great.  Sure - you were a hair sloppy with the units on the 1/c answer, but so what?  All of us who consider ourselves in any way good at this stuff know to correct that kind of thing on the fly.  The units HAVE to work - it's a given.  I also enjoyed watching some of the response videos, both for their technical content and for their... emotional color.  But hey - thank you for all you do; I've learned a ton from your channel.
Science Asylum channel did the original "how electricity works" before derek. Unfortunately, that video didnt create the shoutout like Derek's illustrative video did. This video however is better to understand physics of electricity
I wanna know what is in case of insulator Does not electric field  penetrate the insulator
22:30 Cunningham's Law at work here, pose a wrong answer and you will get droves of people to give you the correct one
even I can understand that. It all worked out in the end.
But it was funny alpha pheonix was trying to dis prove you, and his conclusion was you were wrong.   So what is the point at which the seperation of the transmission lies where there it becomes no tramssion occurs?
What happens if 2 very long (light seconds) wires are near each other, one has a light bulb and the other a battery and a switch, then we close the switch? By this video, I understand that the lightbulb would shine for a bit before the information that the wires are not connected will not be received for a few seconds. I don't think this makes sense, can you please explain my mistake? Thanks.
Science won at last.
hi sir.May I ask that the voltage of the resistor is larger than that of the wire macroscopically, because the number of electrons remains unchanged, and the electrons need to pass through the resistor at a faster speed to make the current equal, so a larger electric field is needed?
Your clarification is good, but your original video had *very* poor presentation.
There are no electrons. . .there is only probability waves.  You cheated when you started observing it. (smile).  There is also solid copper verses stranded copper.   10Amps of probability waves of AC on a line is not the same as 10Amps of DC on a line.  You have a 20% difference.  Then there is the fact that I am an idiot, but it is a comment using Weisenbergs Dymentia theory.  Your welcome.
I'm stressed.
Boy I only watch for the first 30 seconds for the trigger 😂😂
this is great!  Now I understand why my teacher said before that long wires act like continuous RLC circuits.  We've computed it like so, but never understood why so.  There's something wrong with colleges teaching this subject.  I guess it's never too late to get this youtube degree.
Hello Veritasium I am a big fan of yours and I have been following you for more than a year Recently I viewed one of your early videos about magnetism But in that video magnetism was related to special theory of relativity and the electrons were moving because of which magnetism was possible But here and in your previous video you explained that electrons barely move at all So how is magnetism possible??  I am really confused and want help to better understand magnetism
I love it, my mind just exploded. I keep getting reminded of how little I know and inspired to learn. Great video.
My problem with the particle model is that the predicted electron drift speed would statistically vary more than the observed values. This is the same issue as light passing through a medium resulting in snells law. This is a great debate comparing the particle model to the wave model in physics where not all models describe all observed phenomena correctly. To be honest, I am not convinced by any of the responses to this, but think we may not have the physics to accurately describe it at this time.
better than 10 years of "education"
So we know about the speed of light
I don’t believe in electricity
What if you loose the wire? A second question is, how do you define 'light up the bulb'?
more power to veritasium
So if we picture the circuit as wide oval clock and the battery is at 6, with bulbs at 12, 3, & 9… twelve would light up first???!
Perhaps I'm a bit late to ask a question, and perhaps it's a bit silly, but I'm left with some doubts, so if anyone could answer, it'd be great!   So. If the electrons inside the wire don't precisely 'flow' from point a) to point b), then what really differentiates a Direct Current from an Alternative Current?   Whenever I read about DC or AC, it usually quotes something like 'DC flows in one direction and AC reverses currents in alternating intervals', which paints it, as if there WAS indeed a flow from left to right, right to left, and that's what differentiates both 'currents'.  But if electrons do indeed not flow,  but jiggle around instead...well, what actually *are* they? Does it have to do with the varying voltage instead?  Extra question: Am I wrong and do electrons *do* flow in directions, only thanks to the electromagnetic currents instead to the battery, instead?   If anyone knows or has a link that might lead me to the correct understanding, please hit me up, I'd appreciate it!
I love that derek is the only one being scientific about this but all the people saying he's wrong are just basing it off of books they've read in college.
well. at this point I think they needed some honesty. it's already over 1y ago vids but still, I am feeling that they keep trying get views as authoritative figure. It is great to bring this subject for things to think about, but it is little bit too much.
I'm siding with veritasium because he's the prettiest
Love you man
I'm an electrical engineer and I remember in college a professor bringing this up for fun (when we were doing Maxwell's equations) and us kids being initially dazzled about 1m/c.    Maybe in Physics II as well? I agree with the original vague video too :)
I got lost at "I made a video....."  😅
So electrons are not electricity. The electrical field is electricity?  Correct?
Ok, I hate to be thet guy, but in the big bang theory they did clean out the office of a Dr. Roger Abbott at Cal Tech in one episode, so hearing that you workes with a Richard Abbott at Cal Tech kinda blows my mind.
It's unfortunate but I find all these explanations do not answer in a simple way how electricity works, they rather raise more questions such as, if the battery does not push the electrons, but rather the electric field, where does the electric field come from? And if the answer is it only exists while the battery is plugged, then doesn't that mean that after all it is the battery that is pushing the electrons (albeit indirectly)?
My only nitpicking is The illustration of the electrons flowing between positively charged atoms of the copper wire. I believe that is inaccurate. Because the copper wire atoms are bonded together in an extremely long cylindrical shape, the invisible electronal shell doesn't travel between the atomic bonds, but follows the outside of the positively charged wire as a continuous electronal field that not only propagates out from the wire, but along the length of the wire forming a kind of toroidal tube "on the outside of the physical wire only" similarly to how neruo electric impulses travel along the myelin sheathing on the outside of a neuron, and not through the inner stalk. And once you kick on the power, the impulses will follow the path of least resistance along the outside electronal torus. Also, the toroidal field will extend out as the majority of the load follows the wire lengthwise. Which is why, the higher the electrical load, the bigger gauge wire required and thicker insulation is required.  But I agree with everything else you said and I believe a very good point was made that I agree wholeheartedly about  "why need wires in the first place?" Nicola Tesla knew we didn't need wires for linear transmission of power. And didn't need to know about the existence of subatomic particles, dark matter/energy, etc in order to do it. 👍
In South Africa  electricity  doesn't work in any scientific  way. Our government has their own generating system. 😂😂
So esotericly. .the pyramid design ..using the right elements and aggetators then using a sound thumper ..you could induce the field to be exited. .making the waves amplifie and condense to induce charge ? ..magnetic fields..?
Great! This is real science the way it has to be. Not this political fake science we see everywhere now.
It's hard.
The best video, I learnt SO MUCH from this video.
watched both videos...very interesting!!
Strange, none of them seem to have understood the thorough explanation, they should some of them have been able to understand it, they aren’t stupid but they still missed it. Good thing you made a follow up to help them.
What I don't understand, and I get the explanation, however, if the wire is that unimportant, and the electrons just barely move there, why to carry strong currents, you need big wires.  Especially in DC - if you need to carry 300 Amps, you need humongous wires....The main omissson here would be (i suspect) that the wire itself needs to push the electrons, so they would create the electromagentig fields.  So, this explanation is good, but with caveats....
Our electronic materials professor told us that electric field is responsible for the drift velocity of electrons. He never told about the origin of the field. Thank you for explaining!
this video explain perfectly what i did not understand yet. sadly, my exam on the subject was 2 day ago
Now I am seriously starting to doubt on your comunication skills
Just ordinary people know how to use it.
As a 20 year electrician. Electrical engineer as well. Now here’s the issue with all of y’all being correct. when places on a circuit board or on a wire changes the whole situation.
The speed of circular telegram is the speed of electric field propagation, not the speed of electrons (which is the speed of light).
Is there a constant ratio between the initial voltage at the resistor and the applied voltage to the circuit? Is this proportional to the distance at all?
OK, so where do the electrons from the battery go?
Have you thought about revising your transistor videos to deal with fields?
7:50 Chabay and Sherwood  Matter and Interactions Book by Bruce A Sherwood and Ruth Chabay  " several editions from 2001 "  23:05 You Tube Channels   ELECTROBOOM EEVBLOG ALPHA PHOENiX BEN WATSON BIG CLIVE  Z Y
An argument is sparking up.
1 Just another retarded video. Simple experiment with predicted results. But the author didn't say the main point. The field cannot exist without charge. The charge always generate the field. The conclusion that the field is more important for power transmission than the charge is not scientific. There is no experiment to separate field from charge. 2 Congradulation the autor invent the radio. But the power transmission is not widely used with radio. 3 Next step after  switching you should reverse the battery. You got power transmission like in Nikola Tesla dream, why almost nobody used it?
I don't like the other "Experts" LOL. Try to make the other Look Dumb.
Me working with electronics and thinking about it in "lumped" ways, this video brought me back to my seminar in Theoretical Physics on Electrodynamics. Thanks for bringing back the magic of physics to my work and live :) And i love how you gratefully  take all the critics and encourage the scientific discussions :)
What was the point of doing that experiment with the really long wire if he was just gonna power it wirelessly anyway? Could’ve just used a meter wire at that point. Haven’t seen the other video tho so idrk what it was about
I agree with you, that is why you can hear an audible frequency with a inductive amplifier.
@10:21 Even when the switch is open, how do the charges know to rearrange themselves? I mean the wire is same for both sides of the load, until it's connected to the battery.
Oh god now we got schrodinger's light bulb to deal with now
So I'm super interested in all of this kind of stuff, but my understanding is very basic, and I don't understand a lot of the terminology. I'm ADHD and struggled in school due to my very visual, hands on learning style. Does anyone know a resource that suits my learning style that I can start from scratch and work my way up learning maths/physics/chemistry etc 🙏
This video is shocking in a positive way .
After decades in the business, this comes as a refreshing explanation!  You could guess the response of the circuit approximately though, you can see that there would be capacitance in the lines, causing a rapid response without going a lot deeper!
I see the point but I still think that the bulb will light up in about 1s. In order for the energy field to be created there needs to be (like you said) electromagnetic field done and completed. Then the energy flows directly from source to the receiver (not through the wire). But the energy cannot flow directly from source to receiver if the electromagnetic field is not there yet. In order to get the field created the current at light-speed needs to travel through the wire. That being said I think the bulb will seize to be lit, immediately when you turn off the battery because at the energy source, the field will disappear first. Also if you unplug the bulb it will stop being lit because you just destroyed the field at the source - energy cannot flow (the field is not there).
So how would you setup the experiment to make the light bulb 💡 turn on in the longest possible time? I would love to see a delay!
Hi, I would like to see your opinion on why things weight different, why steel is heavier than aluminum and how that works with Ainstain general relativity?
15:35 Voltage should be U, shouldn't it?
I understand the speed of light is the physical speed limit. But would that be applied to information? I don't see why we couldn't communicate across a distance faster than the speed of light. Obviously we wouldn't use electromagnetic waves to transmit the information. We know matter cannot travel faster than the speed of light, but information is not matter. To get information from one point to another, it simply needs to exist at point B as a result of it existing at point A.  For example, if I have a 1m pole in my hand that I thrust forward at 20mph for just under a second, the matter the pole is made of never exceeds more than more than 20mph, but from the point my hand starts thrusting on the side of the pole closest to me, the other end of the pole begins moving. While the pole moved 20mph, the information of the pole moving traveled from my end of the pole to the far end of the pole as instantly as the pole is ridgid. So hypothetically, if we had an infinitely ridged pole, we could transmit information instantly across space.  I only took high school physics but does what I say not make sense?
So if you take an equal circuit but in opposite directions, it should cancel out the lightbulb going off, because electric fields add up?
Maye the force
the drama of this is electrifying.
Hey dude, why don't you try the same experiment with shielded cable instead of naked wire, and then explain how electricity flows through the core.
Well this is a better explination
What implications for hv trans lines derive from fields contexts for a non EE?
What would happened if we assumed the switch did not have electric leakage and the switcher immediately turns on without having any electric leakage would the results be any different would this effect the electric fields and the time of the lightbulb takes to turn on ?
You are a living genius man 🎉❤
so.. this guy basically described an antenna..  there is ABSOLUTELY no need to bring in the circuits at all..
I think I finally understand the difference in flow between cutting a pressurized water hose (Q=VA) and cutting a wire in an electrical circuit (V=IR).  It’s only taken me 40 years since my second semester physics course in college though.  Good thing I majored in Geological Engineering rather than Electrical Engineering!  🙄
I held a lightbulb next to an electrical outlet and it came on - I asked it to go off and it did
These people make me excited that I'm an electrical engineer
Follow the 10 commandments Christians and ask for forgiveness and repent!!
...it appears that this experiment is conflating two separate phenomenon: rf transmission and power transmission.  The early, low voltage signal you are seeing is the reception of the rf signal that was transmitted when the contact is closed.  The experiment has essentially setup an ideal radio transmitter and receiver combination.  But the true power transmission does not arrive at the load until much later.
Nice so with this we can measure the field?
So Mr. Tesla wasn't that crazy when He builded tower.
Current pushes Voltage against Resistance
Is the electron a convective particle?
Mic drop
Isn't this just asking "How much time does it take before the secondary coil feels a induced current from the primary coil in a transformer?" Which the answer is simply; Distance between coils/speed of light?
Me watching smart youtubers debating, pretending to understand what they're saying  "Mm yes yes of course of course"
I thought the simulation by Ben Watson was incredible and something everyone studying electrical engineering should see on Day 1. Sadly it would have been impossible back when I did my EE degree back in the 80s but I loved this video and the brilliant explanation. JCM was so underrated! As Newton said, we stand on the shoulders of giants.
Well done.
This is like quantum research, help me start it❤
Now i am super confused. In neuroscience we have action potential which travels across the axon of the neuron only after the charge build up higher than the threshold value. Now does it mean that what's actually building up is electrical energy? Is it the electrical energy is something that actually travels across the neuron?
Having now taken a class aboit electricity and magnetism, this video makes infinitely more sense
How does anything even work when electrons are fundamentally just waves of probability?
doesn't it make a difference if it's DC vs AC?
The world is actually a crazy place, and people like @Veritasium that dare to analyze stuff like this are actually beyond normal (in a good way). I honestly can't see myself studying anything outside of the scientific domain, this stuff only gets more interesting🤣. I'm eighteen, and in a discussion with my friends, we basically connoted that we were comfortable with the level of things already uncovered, meaning that there wasn't much more left in the world to discover. However, this video begs to differ and takes me back to the words of Steve Jobs, "Stay foolish, stay hungry." Greay video! Great hypothesis! And also, could this sort of theory explain short circuits that occur if you connect the negative terminal of a battery first, before the positive?
I learned a whole lot from watching all of these videos and response videos
@Veritasium , can this explain the glow effect some lightbulbs that don't sport a specific dumping resistor can show when wired with the switch cutting not the live but the neutral ? As most electrical networks work at 100-240V 50-60Hz, this can generate and impulse from the bulb to the switch (also most of the times both L/N wires are in parallel with few millimeters between them) when the AC sinusoidal climb above the small voltage a FBR!! and other diodes (led) and transistors in the circuit need to conduct current.
Nicola Tesla would had made this wireless transmission of energy efficient.
Then prove me  I dont know if my question is correct So all you need is fields for transfer of energy so try to pass electricity in two different wires
21:30 So this bloke says that tuning transmission lines means that all the energy is in the fields?  LOL
The idea that electrons don't carry the energy is absurd!  An electron hits a nucleus (resistance) and imparts it's energy (KE) to it (temperature).  But electrons play no role in energy transfer?  What you fail to understand here, because you know the current in and out of the PS is the same, is that the current in is less dense but with faster moving electrons, and the energy lost to density outweighs the energy gained by the per electron KE.  If this is not true, then the energy back into the PS is the same as the energy out, which is obviously not true!
11:08 Ummmmm, I thought all of the fields were outside the wire?
10:30 How is there no charge within the wires? There are less electrons in the wire, so the wire is generally positively charged. This, in fact, is why this "surface charge" of yours exists in the first place and the fields!  More nonsense from you to convince us that what's going on inside the wire is totally dictated by the fields around it, when the exact opposite is clearly true!  Why are you doing this?
9:57 You are right - too bad you can't work out that the E fields are generated by electron density.  The electrons generally travel in the direction of most vacancies, which is dictated by electron density, which dictates E field!
9:40 What utter rubbish!  The electrons coming out of a PS have a higher density to those coming back. The current is the same - the drift velocity of the returned is higher, density lower and energy lower - of course!  If the returning electrons have the same energy then you have just created the endless energy machine - congratulations!
7:55 So this clearly shows that electron density varies around the circuit, yet electrons don't push each other through the wire? LOL.  Because, you know, if the density is different then that means electrons are closer to or further away from each other, and guess what that means -------> varying forces of repulsion.
12:27 You show the B field reaching the other wire, which immediately causes current and a magnetic field in the other wire and assume it is from the E field? LOL  The B field causes current in the other wire which immediately causes the B field in the other wire!  I'm aware of the capacitance effect here but your reasoning is flawed.  Is it possible to even separate the effect of the E and B fields and attribute dominance to one? Aren't they always a simultaneous and inseparable effect?
Would it be great if this became the stage to display scientific papers and to have open scientific discourse? I hope this is a sign of the future not a flash in the pan.
When are the other "scientists" going to apologize
Question: how does a Dipole turn the phase-shifted electric and magnetic field in an oscillating circuit into a phase-coherant em-Wave?
Thanks a lot. I knew that the energy isn't transmitted by the electrons since the electricity's velocity of of nearly light. As electrons (and protons) have a weight they can't have that speed otherwise they would violate the theory of relativity.   So far I knew it but never had a proper intuition. Both of your videos helped a lot. It's the most normal and fruitful way to lear something by taking steps, from a very macro perspective to the more and more detailed. You took as on a trip, spurred our minds. So you shouldn't feel the need to defend yourself. It was a great journey and I learned a lot. So great props from my side!
Electrons do not push each other through a wire?  And the electron density all around a circuit is constant?  Thinking about the transmission speed of electricity utterly destroys this notion. You have the part of the wire where electricity is flowing and the part ahead where it is yet to start flowing, so clearly the electron density where there is flow is greater than where there isn't!  As current flows in a DC circuit, there is less and less resistance to be overcome as current travels around the wire because there is less wire in front of it (resistance is proportional to wire length).  Electron density is greatest where electrons come out of the PS, current being maintained all around the circuit by the speed of the electrons being greater as they travel around the circuit, but their density is less!  Conclusion - of course electrons push each other through the wire!
How can someone take seriously what a guy, who electrocutes himself for a living, says 🤦🏻‍♂️
I dont understand how the elektric field on the wire is generated? Why is the one side positive and the other side negative? (anwsers can also be in german)
Is this why Lightning makes my smoke detector beep?
ElectroBoom didn't actually say your answer was wrong. I literally just watched it. He said you were right, though it was a trick question.  Mainly saying he was irritated with himself for not realizing specifics of the question. And I hate to see you make him sound like he just disagrees with you.   I love your videos but you constantly mislead your views and often makes me second guess watching your videos. Even if they give valuable information, if your not going to give the full story or if your going to mislead your viewers by "not explaining yourself correctly " I'd rather not watch at all.  Which I hate to say because most of your videos give phenomenal information and are very entertaining.
I love how this saga is also a microcasm of physicist vs engineer. Derek proposes a physics thought experiment and answers it theoretically and the engineers get grumpy because its not fully technically accurate and isnt practical etc. and gets locked into the knitty gritty of the circuits and the load   Also those simulations with the fields were gorgeous
Got it. U flick the switch and tchoooown
It would interesting to see if the initial results are duplicated when the short sides of the circuit are removed.
That was indeed a good explanation. I have two questions. Can you please explain what comprises these electric and magnetic lines of force. Since force is a product of mass and acceleration, what basic building blocks of matter contribute to generation of electric and magnetic field lines? My second question - is our understanding about atoms complete?
In order to preserve locality, I imagine the reverse must also be true? Breaking the circuit at a point 300,000km away would make the light stay on for a few extra nanoseconds.
What instrument can we use to measure the electric field around the cable?
This is why we have peer reviews at my job.  Great work!
In another video, he says the speed of light can't be accurately measured, then in this video he uses the speed of light as a measurement. Have someone else choose the words for these videos.
I’m somehow smarter yet feel more dumb at the same time.
if you took that 1/2 light second wire, and to save space, wound it into a coil, so that the electricity still has to travel 300,000 km along it, but it's in a very compact space, then the conclusion that it's the induction in the field that activates the bulb becomes a lot more obvious
Energy flows through the field like a wave through water is not the actual water flowing. Remember the electron field equation goes out to infinity. Thus also why a florescent bulb will light up without wires.
Youtube is so horrible for backflow of information, especially 11 month later. Who cares - here it goes: so this mean that anytime you flip a switch in your house, say you turn on your flashlight, all the other flashlights in the house turn on for a split second, and then turn off in disappointment as they realize they aren't connected to that circuit. Including your body starting to feel as if you were electrocuted. I thought all these effects were tiny, but you are saying that they are not tiny, just short.
I would actually go one step further.  Energy doesn't "travel" in fields.  It is repeatedly destroyed and created in fields, which creates a wave.  Waves appear to travel, but they actually don't.  Waves involve the rise and fall (or the creation and destruction) of energy at each point in space.
You are way too kind, most people tend to get hung up on irrelevant points and can't move past them when their tiny brains spot a small misconstrued verbal point because their childhood has reared them to think it makes them look smart to nit pick on those points growing up.
Coulombs combine what in a generating device?
Pretty interesting. Buy i have no idea what's going on 😅
Some times i spark electricity in my blanket in winter i wonder if the energy in the body is the holy spirit in me.  Can you turn on a light 💡 lightbulb with your body's energy. Yes or no.
Doesn't the switch seem to disappear, or not exists. Or does the chain reaction always persist from the location of the switch?
electricity is like rain but it is always there  you can direct it if you have a apparatus (like a wand) use your thinking ability it is in your history they     used a wand of some sort look you will find it they called it a staff they tell  you but they have made it out of fantasy  but it is always been there it is a part of the energy of the planet like lay lines  positive use makes things grow or glow how ever you want to use it bad or good that's why a lot of this knowledge is hidden( just like nuclear power look what they  want to do with it (bad people) it can be use for all good and a healthy planet and people  you can also be the wand ???
sometimes there higher education can limited the individual of a broader view and you can see thru the experience the Egyptians had with the pyramid's my thoughts
for the love of god explain a battery now using this logic. I am going from molecular biology, where the majority of my understanding of electrons is in probability clouds and all the other fun stuff that comes about in chem, to electrical engineering. I am now on board with this line of thinking but it has left a few issues in my conceptual understanding of the relationship between electricity and electrons. batteries being the top conceptual brain fart.
Multiple choice questions with one optional answer “ none of the above” being the correct answer of course come from people like this guy.
I am a High School Science Teacher. I am glad that EEVblog has pointed out that you neglected to put the Unit "Meters" after the 1 in 'Answer D'. Your original 'Answer D' was "1/c s".  I am always telling Students: "Write Your Units! [or it's just wrong]". In addition, I would like to point out that having the "seconds" there in the answer is also incorrect.  Since the Units of "c" [Speed of Light in a Vacuum] are already "m/s", when you divide your 1m by it, you get an answer already in Seconds. Then if you multiply that by Seconds again, you get an answer in "Seconds Squared". So actually, "D" becomes the worst answer, because of its incorrect units. And without putting in the meters, like they actually did in their video,  it would be even worse... "Seconds Squared per Meter". Even if the other answers are not quantitatively correct, they are "better" because they at least have the units of "Seconds".
How about this - when you close the switch, you induce an accelerating current, which produces a changing magnetic field in the wire near the bulb - i.e. an induced current the same as a transformer.  This is not ground breaking.  This does not prove that electrons don't push each other through the wire.  How about a long, straight wire that has a static charge touched on 1 end of it? Let's see you do your fields with that?
So we're taught electricity incorrectly because it's too complicated the right way 😅 reminds me of the E=mc²  1st and 2nd year students are being taught incorrectly because it's too complex, the teaching is that mass increases with velocity but that's not true in higher level physics.
One thing i dont understand is how to the surface of the wire becomes instantly charged.  It’s just stated that thats what happens but why
No podés!!! Déjate de chamuyo. Jajaja
If you halve the Voltage across a circuit, do the electrons have half the kinetic energy and move slower or do half the number of electrons move at the same speed?
As a year 12 student in NSW physics, looks like my understanding on circuits has been up ended entirely.
It seems as if every video has someone saying its wrong, and then every time, Vertasium is correct
edutuber equivalent of, "get rekt"
I laughed about the violation of causality comments. Causality travels in all directions. It doesn't follow wires.
And we still don't know what electricity is.
So if we encase the wire in a iron conduit the bulb wouldn't light up?
What about all the metal conduit that electricians use to encase power wires , wouldn't that inhibit the EMF as well.
How is shielded coax cable sending signals and power?
How are shielded wires like Ethernet cables sending signals and power?
What an epic comeback.
Now that you convince the critics that appeared to assume you were wrong, instead of fill the possible gaps with clarification, everything is fine again... It was a great video about science, but also about the human nature...
You didn't explain how the surface charge grow.
So is it safe to say that it could be pushing in right angles like magnetic fields do
Am I being censored?
Even the word "current" is just what we currently use.
Tesla knew this, it's the basis of how he broadcast electricity from a closed circuit to an open circuit (earth). As a further thought experiment consider that there is no such thing as magnetic poles, only orientation.
U have to admit, if it wasn't for all those call out, you aren't going to make this video, which makes great contents. This is the value of YouTube. This is organic.
Reinventing tao.
Good job. I respect would you have done and your scientific approach. At one point in my career, I had to hand build impedance matching circuits for high Q antenna testing. I would build multiple  chassis boxes with the same inductor and capacitor and each would tune slightly different, depending on how I routed the internal wiring in the box. Yep  I believe you
They just wanted a bit of attention from daddy veritasium
So you're essentially saying Tesla's Wardenclyffe tower would have worked?
You explain it perfectly clear, some people don't understand english
the animations with all the arrows freak me out
if you didn't make this video ı am sure ı couldn't learn about electricity at least ı could not know more than the "school version"!  SO THANKS
Wasn't there a woman or non-white electrical engineer you could have referenced at all?
So what would happen if you have say 20 cables, all bundled together and all connected to a different source with a light bulb on the other end. If you turned on 19 of them, the other 1 still wouldnt turn on.... but with the 'electromagnetic field' theory, it would turn on?
no matter what vertasium claimed is correct or wrong  what is matter is  he generated a wave through youtube and most of us  to push us making a revision about what we accepted without asking even WHY ?
Final argument: not theory but experiment to test theory.  That is what science and engineering is all about.
The Creator has a good pace. He gets to the point every time when I am about to click next.
LED can lights in my house “glow” when turned off….could something like this be an explanation?  Picking up electromagnetic waves?  Or leakage?
⚡Bolts fired
I used to build high voltage circuits as a teen and in my twenties and seen all kinds of weird phenomena I didn't understand at the time with such small or no power source but antennas. I once made an antenna to try a tesla experiment with tesla coils and radio waves and nearly electrocuted myself.
ICP was right
Great video! All my questions from the first video (and more!) were answered. Such a great channel. Great follow up.
I trained as an electronics technician with the standard Ohm's law equations, power formulas, and the analogies of water flowing thru pipes - batteries=pumps; voltage=pressure; resistance=restrictions in the pipes; current=flow rate; switches=valves, etc. But I understood these were shortcuts that didn't represent the underlying "truth" of what was really happening at a physical level. Even early on in high school science I realized much of what I was taught in science was based on models and analogies that were simplified explanations of physical phenomena, and was always hungry for deeper explanations. Thank you for this video and what was, for me, a unexpected result and a rush of "aha" moments.
One of the best video I have seen ... Really... This is the gift to human kind ....
The explanation of my comment that to think it is the electric field that lights the bulb is fantasy is that it is the frequency of the applied current that will allow the bulb to light and not the field itself. For instance if it is a DC current there would be no induction. Further, if what is stated in the video is true , current would nit flow at all because the electric field would neutralize the difference of potential across the battery terminals.
Nice video, but the bit about the field lighting the bulb is pure fantasy!😂
Could this would explain how their are people are able to use witching rods or those that get sick around emf
Now Re-explain using AC 😂
After 15min I realized this is, as a PCB design engineer, the so called  Crosstalk.
There's a reason hardware stores sell wire of several different diameters. The *cross sectional area* (not surface area) of wires dictates how much DC or low-frequency AC current they can carry. This is a basic fact of electrical engineering that can be verified from any source including your local Home Depot associate. Sustained transmission line dynamics and the "skin effect" only apply to alternating currents of high enough frequency (usually RF in practice) for EM effects to predominate. This video fails to clarify this distinction and is extremely misleading.
"electric field not magnetic field"? facepalm
sorry what?  electron collides with atom and loses energy?
hallucination!!!  Do you know about electrolysis? 전기자기학, 전자기파(전파), 전자기 유도현상, 전류 등에 대한 이해를 전혀 못 하신 분이네.  램프를 밝히는 것은 전자의 흐름이 맞습니다.  7:44 전류는 직류의 경우 도체의 중심으로 전자가 흐르고, 교류의 경우 도체의 표면으로 전류가 흐릅니다. (전기자기학에 있는 내용입니다.) 11:10 전류가 흐르면 그 도체 주변으로 자기장(전기장이 아닙니다.)이 생기는데, 그 자기장으로 램프가 켜지는 것이 아닙니다. (전기장, 전기자기장, 전자기파 라고 하더라도 그것으로 램프가 켜지는 것은 아닙니다.) 21:30 이 분이 말씀하시는 것은, 전자기유도에 대한 것이고, 미세한 전류의 영향을 받는 PCB의 경우 설계할 때 주의해야 된다는 뜻입니다.
Hi Derrick and Hi guys in the comment!  Can you help me!!?                                                                                                                                                               Here are some important unsolved questions I deduced from this GREAT video,in particular from  minute 5:49 :                                                                        How the battery propagates the electric field inside the wire? Is it a property of conductors to propagate  electric field in parallel inside themselves?                                                                                                                                                                                                  How and why has the positive and negative distribution on the external surface of the wire been created in the first place??                    (I mean.... there must have been an electric field that displaced them beforehand...and if so, what's this electric field's cause?  )
Ego war!!!!
In real power systems, the source  generators(analogous to the battery) may be, typically, a few hundreds of kilometres from the load( analogous to the bulb). In that case( assuming zero impedance of lines) there would be substantially  more delay for the bulb to come on,  than 1/1000c secs(i.e  time for light to travel a distance of  1 metre( for unit of c being the commonly used kms/sec).  Is it correct?
Aren't you confusing cause and effect though? The cause, the electric current, flows through the wire, but the effect in the form of a magnetic field can be measured outside the wire.
I was a doubter on your other video. Loved these, many thanks for the vids
If the electric field generates from positive to negative charge, which applies a force on the negative charged electrons in opposite direction (negative to positive).  So, why the electrons in the animation at 7:08 are moving from positive to negative.
People may say your explanation is imperfect but everyone chooses D, except for dummies😂
No comprende
Disconnected wires working despite not being part of the physical circuit is mindblowing... until I remembered radios exist
1:24 The arches at Cal Tech: I once learned that a parabola, rather than a circular arc, is the structurally stronger method to bridge 2 supporting points. It doesn't matter much in this case, considering there isn't much weight to support. But the arches are on a scientific institution and thus should recognize engineering principles. I imagine students walking through those arches daily thinking about their inferior design.
How is Derek to know when he makes a good video if he gets a thousand comments on every video saying how excellent that video is? Not all of them are equal in merit, and he doesn't have the time to wade through that many comments. Yes, this video is a good one, but I have to wade through comments even just as a viewer. I want to read scientific comments relevant to the video, not repetitive ones praising the video.
I clearly understand what you are trying to explain the viewers in your first video. Even this video is good for understanding the concept however you went an extra mile to clear the misconceptions and faults of your first video.
What about shielded wire like coax cable, how is the field effected and passed then?
What if the distance of 1 meter is at 2 light second ? Then it would take 2sec, Am I right?
You have my deepest respect Veritasium for your conduct <3
this makes no sense. if the wire or the cursuit is not complete and doesn't form a loop. the light bulb still turns on when u connect the switch???
The problem is not that I'm suspiciously skeptical, the problem is that it's complicated!
What I think needs to happen is people need to stop thinking of things as particles.   I've stopped subscribing to the idea the light is a particle called a "photon" and electricity is a particle called an electron.   They are just wave disturbances, that's it and for the fact that the science isn't settled about this tells me more and more that photons and electrons are all an illusion to give shape to something we kind of understand.
18:27 Carrying a $40k 4GHz O scope up a ladder and balancing it on the top rungs. :-) Great video!!
If the Batt is a shepherd and the wires are the sheepdogs and the electrons are the sheep then what is the lightbulb?  Where the sheep get sheared or butchered and eaten?
I sat quietly and listened to your first presentation. I understood what you meant
Thank you for all your vids on this subject. You are the best teacher.  Awesome teachers are a rare breed. Thanks again. Dont stop teaching please. I had a great electronics teacher, and my best friends father was an engineer and teacher.  My dad was a tv radio tech back in the day. Love it and thanks again.
So... Even in an open circuit there is still some level of current flow?! My entire existence just shattered
Tesla knew this. That's why he was trying to develop wireless electricity.
I am glad you upset the statos quo who think and do not know. no matter the degree or professor no matter the man of ego they will never know all. I appreciate your efforts to gift these people that love the amp and volt and forget the field without the field there is no loving path. I would study who tesla called a genius not tesla!
at 12:45 you are wrong. Since the cable was already on a positive pressure the changing magnetic field pushed into negative and thus it makes the appearance that its the electric field who makes a magnet, but its always magnetic inertia. edit: perhaps it really is the degenerate gas in coper conductors reacting to the changing magnetic field and thus a current is facilitated by it; although its still a simulation
What if the wires were aluminum?
Hhhhhhhaaaa hahahahahaha NON electric company propaganda. Hence why people that lived to close too power lines had heath issues. Hence why the government and corporations suppressed this true explanation. Because people would like more distance for safety and guess what. That's an insane amount of money. And When it can be about large amounts of money in involved you can get your life it's absolutely about money.
Wait, so the thing nicholas tesla build is true? He can really give free power with wireless anywhere anytime 😂
I got my answer.
A circuit is a loop Real tough !
I recommend Alpha Phoenix's video for a very clear test and explanation of this stuff.
its  the 60k cycles that creates emf
Strange how the electric field is instantaneous and affects everything near it. It doesn’t move electrons directly, it affects electric fields that move the electrons.
I wonder what these zig-zagged traces are for on pretty much any PCB... Maybe, JUST maybe, to delay a signal just a bit to it arrives in sync with the other parallel conductors? Maybe, I don't know, you tell me.
How Ive watched a 24 min video without understanding a thing; I dont know
Thanks for showing me how electricity works, except the electricity I use comes in insulated wires that aren’t 1 meter apart all the time.    Dud.
Another example of where our “working equations” do not well represent the actual physics is thermocouples.  Something else you might want to take a look at.
Battle of electricity continues on.  Great video Veritasium!
This is awesome, thank you to the producers...
Dumb student with loud mouth , creates opportunity for better teacher
Tesla Was a monster, for real what a mind guy
I WATCHED BOTH VIDEO PAST AND THIS ONE, IM STILL CONFUSED.
And this is just another theory of course.
just make glasses that make all electromagnetic fields visible 🗣️🗣️🗣️
this is what a great teaching should be!
In fact Feynman chapter 27 of book 2 ("Field Energy and Field Momentum" that you can read online), describes precisely the phenomenon the same way Derek describes it, giving 3 examples, one of the charging of a capacitor, the second one of the energy field around a wire, and the 3rd one of a permanent magnet. And while he calls the theory "nuts", he agrees that's what the equations are saying and that "It is not a vital detail, but it is clear that our ordinary intuitions are quite wrong." (speaking of the usual intuition of electrons flowing in the wire due to electrons pushing from close to close).
now, just imagine the brain '0'
Wanna see the response of the haters
This follow-up video is one of the best examples I've seen of some of the foundations of science:  - The peer-review principle - Test the theory against experiments and calculations - Adjust/clarify the conclutions  Well done!
Only preexisting knowledge i had was that ions wont collide and electrostatic forces would slow them down creating heat. So idk
I wished books put this amount of effort into explaining and discussing fundamental phenomena like you have done. Have you ever considered writing a book (or digital resources), or maybe just compiling your amazing resources into one book/repository?
Other physics channels were just clowns ...
It's heartening to know that even someone like you can have trouble properly expressing their thoughts
This was the most polite "you're wrong" ever
Crazy to see so many insanely intelligent physicist argue about the nuances of electrical current. But I'm thankful as I've learned something new today.
So I still don't understand. If the energy of the battery is in the field, why does the circuit need to be closed? If it's all fields, couldn't you light a bulb using non connected bits of wire?
Then why does a wire get hot?
Another video on electricity that I don't understand. Electricity remains the concept that's hard for me to grasp
😦😦😦😦
I know this comment won't be viewed (probability is very very less) but what I want to say is that get the point of  Derek's thought because the thought experiment is only meant to be example of how fields work . Be sportive and make more videos like this.
So many YouTubers got humbled who called him out. Can’t trust any channels.
Could anybody explain the effect wires in a house would have when laid next to each other, sockets and lights and such? What sort of effect would the electric field have on the sockets if I switch on a light?    This is pretty heavy stuff 🤣
What if the bulb was on the opposite side of the earth?
Then, how does the magnetic and electric fields affect human beings? Now more than ever with electricity all around us. How does this affect our cells? This considering all the electromagnetic energy flowing all around us at all times?  What about the mitochondria, relying on electrons to produce energy. We are all a cluster of atoms with electrons by design. Then, what about sunlight? Light is electromagnetic energy. Do we use this too in some way? Then what about the earths innate magnetic fields and resonance?  Have we evolved to live in coherence with these - and what is then the effect of electricity and newly introduced irradiance from space in the lastest course of history?
Is it possible to create the electric field without the metal rod, say to send eletricity wireslessly? And if so, over how vast distances would it be possible?
As designed circuits, I used this concept to consider the noise in PCB level. This concept is very useful to reduce noise.  Older engineers would like to think noise problems as a ground issue and created lots mysterious methods. But after I read the electric dynamic again , I realized not only power but also all the sampling signals should be treated as fields. The signal is not sampled by the wire but the space between the wire and ground.
So are you just going to ignore electricity can be pulled from a whole range of rf signals in our atmosphere for free? Tesla was right.
Erudite and classy response. Really enjoyed it. Also glad to see that the fields are finally getting their due credit. The great physicist Hannes Alfven did a lot of seminal work on the power inherent in the fields and also on the electric nature of the Universe. I'm hoping that some time you can follow up on some of his work. Cheers!
Is it because it’s violating Bell’s Inequality Theorem at the quantum mechanical level?
Why does raising the voltage, which in turn drops the "amperage generated," then produce less resistance in a given wire?
Thx! I understand transmission line circuits better. They should add this topic in Circuits 101 in the same breath when they talk about conventional current vs actual electron flow👍
I recently heard of a new superconductive material named "N-doped lutetium hydride" or redmatter. Can you do a video about that? It may be hard to research it since it was new but if it turns out to be 'real', it does change a lot of things, primarily how efficiently electricity can be transmitted in the future.
So, what is the name of the force that arranges the charged particles?
My only disagreement is that the light bulb would not turn on if the wire were broken. Your own animation shows that. If the wire were broken, the other end of the switch would not accumulate positive surface charges. Thus, when the switch closed, the opposing charges wouldn't cancel each other out and there wouldn't be an induced E field inside the wire. We're only able to achieve wireless charging and such by using circuits that are already completed by wire. Same thing with the HFSS simulation you showed of the disconnected wire with the E field inside. That E field was only induced by a circuit that was complete.
Moving electrons generate a field and a field generates moving electrons.
Theres a power flow game like this but made from water
Would the same principles apply to why fuse board trip switches are so effective at savings lives if the person becomes part of the circuit? It shuts off instantaneously before any real damage is done to the person?
What gets me the most is that you'll always get a plethora of response videos telling you you're wrong,... but very seldom will you get any videos telling you that you're right...
In marketing, they intentionally create controversy for engagement, even at the cost of an apology or clarification later. You're good. :D
All I know is that every time I touch electricity, it hertz. I would put the pain level at around 60. Wacka wacka!
Wireless energy is done by exciting the electrons inside another copper coil.   Hence the term. INSIDE. Lofl.
How is an electrical device measuring the speed of light if it isn't faster then light? Lofl.
I do think the em field depiction is misleading. Your overall point is obviously correct, but connecting a conductor to an em field does warp that electric field. It's hard to visualize that way, but essentially the strength of the field in the wire is orders of magnitude stronger than the em field in air because air is not very conductive at these voltages. It's another way of explaining the same thing, but it also addresses why physically moving the lightbulb doesn't make a significant difference.
Where does the electrons come from?
If I understand, the Universe's programming language is OOP(s)
Me acting like i totally understand this. You lost me 15 seconds in 😅
Electricity is as mysterious as many unexplained phenomenon
I am doubting if we humans and this Earth really exist 😅
uhhh D NONE OF THE ABOVE! Did I win?
The war of current 144p 🔥🔥🔥
Would the light turn on with just the battery and light bulb? Or with poor conductors instead of wires? No switch? This pondering is from the open circuit or disconnected wire example, as in what if there were extremely short or no wires at all?
My brain hurts now 😢
Great video. Thanks!
So the wire becomes a conductor that allows the electric field to become part of the battery.
Now do a video where you say color doesn't actually exist on the immanent world!
Anyone have the original Rick hartley video ?
pi0
so the energy density is the same everywhere... but different on the surface?
Great show, as an electrical engineer, quite a few years ago, I read a paper on the movement of electrons on the surface of a conductor and if memory serves me, from hole to hole, that was the analogy, thinking about what I know about magnetic fields it's confusing about the propagation time of the said magnetic field of the circuit in conjunction with the electrical supply connection. I didn't remember seeing a time reference in the simulations, anyway, I was thinking what if you changed the supply value to say a plasma voltage, how would the dynamics of the circuit change apart from blowing your light up!
If the light can come on with broken line, why is it not already on?  How far down is the break?  How far does it have to be from the swtich?   So if broken right on other side of switch, the light will still come on? If so, why is the light not already on?
Electricians view (non degree educated)  if you watch this and struggle with some basic concepts here, then ........ the STRENGTH of the magnetic field around a conductor.....such as our PLANET !! ( spinning liquid iron core , like a gigantic electric dynamo  ) is dependant on its  ' electrical size ' ...hence a small 1.5V battery magnetic field 'invisible' in real terms.......and........ planet earths truly astronomical size voltages and currents .....'visible'  almost everywhere in the world [some local aberrations/weak signals apply], even miles up into atmosphere.......using a $5 compass.            as an interesting side note, planet earths magnetic field geographically  moves as the liquid Iron core axis moves....even last changing polarity COMPLETELY  (North-South) 778,000 years ago...and its moved notably in last 100 years, like 4 degrees.        electro magnetic fields are....actually are everywhere...so not such an abstract concept in that regard.
"so to maximize the power of our load..."  😏 Okay so maybe I'm a child but COME ON.
So you are saying we are paying for free energy?
Holy crap, you brought out the big guns lol.  You win the brain pan flex.
I finished watching this video with the thought that if even 20% of Americans were capable of critical thinking and self reflection, the world would be a much better place and there would be no war in Ukraine. I know that seems like nothing to do with the subject matter but it is also my greatest compliment as to what you are trying to do. Wonderful stuff, with the added bonus of offering a little hope in darkened times.
How about if you place your circuit on a Vacuum? What will happen?
YouTube ppl still trying to figure out how life work
And the great electricity war resumes!
ok, one doubt, if the energy going through energy waves on that case, what happens if I isolate the cable in a way that no wave can leave the cable, so that means that it can not take a shortcut and will travel the all the cable portion, correct?
They are gonna “hillary” you like they did Tesla. 😂😢 people are going to realize how oppressive the world leaders have really been when they see how electricity works.
Me: 3.5 years professional education for electrician grade A Student. 1. Nothing moves faster than the speed of light. Electrons have never been seen. They can be detected in s,p,d,f = sharp, principal, diffuse, fundamental.  And as far as I know, quantum mechanics regards them as fields. Fields come to be by induction. Light gets emitted, by electrons when they fall to a lower state of energy around the nuclei (here, after moving to a higher one, induced by the energy of the voltage source). The cable can be understood as an extension of the voltage source. The built up of the electromagnetic- and electrostatic field consumes energy (that's why you want a low hysteresis in a transformer and a cos phi at best 1 in a circuit). The question of how energy is transported is in my view best answered by the explanation of induction of energy into the electrons - this energy is consumed by an electromagnetic field in a coil, or a motor, or the electrostatic field in a condensator. In order to explain the transportation of energy via electric conductors, I'd explain the wire as an extension of the voltage source and in that wire we'll find "unwanted" electrostatic and electromagnetic fields. Active- reactive- and apparent power needs to be explained here.
Even I agree as a biotech scientists... This makes so much sense
thanks for the information, Veritasium YouTube channel. ☮️🎶
"Science at its best is an open-minded method of inquiry, not a belief system." - Rupert Sheldrake
4:05 the electric field is zero inside the conductor, so how??
I am a music fan and I have observed the importance of all cables which connects the source of the signal with the loudspeaker load, and also the cables which connects the 220Vac from the home input through the power transformers for powering the audio circuits. Because of this very good video explanations I am now able to understand why multiwires specially designed cables with extreme lower parallel parasitic capacities and extreme lower series parasitic inductances actually improves signal transmission to the loudspeaker coil, reducing leakage signals outside the wires (in most cases the two wires are connected through isolation so the ground wire and the actual signal hot fire must have the same lenght).
I think the reasons to why the truths about force and electricity are being censored by the institutions and propaganda is because of the doors the truth opens if you have good knowledge about some other acadmic fields. You can just see the force of "attack" on the first video that he was on to something big. Thats is not a normal response by educated people. What would happen if many academics suddenly found their missing link? A link that clear as day shows the years of systematic missinformation and dumbing down of the public. What if we can simplyfy physics the zame way (as it can). we are being spoodfeed lies about waves with particle properties... and atoms and molecules. Have you ever seen a picture of an atom (atum)? or molechule(molech)? everything is just waves. molecules are just multidimentional and entangled(locked) waves. Why do you think different colors feel different to the touch? why some feel hot? why in the old electrochemistry books they describe the taste of different molechules (they dont taste them). By thinking of the world in terms of how it really is, you basically see how we are being held priseoned as slaves. Free energy is all around us. in your basement the radongas is being damaged by emf from your electric appliance and release ions.  And in the atmosphere by emf from the sun. so daytime you can harness the abundant radiation in the air(the higher up the more). this ions want to go to ground. u stick up an antenna and put it to cround and add a condensator and you have have electricty. All this is just the top of the iceberg. Waves explain how weather works too. why its stormy more often in places with more particles in the air. or why adding particles(unbalanced (magnetic)wave clusters) can create a storm if you have the 2 other factors force and magnetism (from the sun and ether). Why does the signal travel faster through a ethernet cable then wifi? and i dont mean the volume of data, but the actual connection puls. even if your cable is million meters long it goes faster then in air. And the big pharma would dissapear, doctors be without a job. You would understand how homopatic medicine keeps the memmory of wave pattern of the medicine. and how just releasing unbalanced(magnetic) waveclusters through a conductor works, yes accupuncture. Or you could just balance the wave cluster by sending the missing frequency back to it and balancing it. A large bell or tuningforks maybe..
The greatest “um actually” response I’ve seen on the internet. I still don’t get all of it but thoroughly enjoy this civil debate between scientists
This also provides an excellent explanation for telecom wire cross chatter.
THE ELECTRONS ARE JUST PAWNS  "So, to sum up, electrons don't carry energy from battery to bulb, nor do they push each other through the wire. They are pushed along by an electric field, which is created by charges on the battery, and charges on the surface of the wires. With this view of circuits, things that might have previously seemed mysterious, make a lot more sense. Like, if electrons leave a battery at the same rate and with the same drift velocity as they returned, how do they carry energy from the battery? The answer is: they don't. They are accelerated by the electric field before each collision with the lattice. At a junction, how do the correct number of electrons go down each path? Well, they are guided by the electric field, which extends everywhere throughout the circuit. The fields are the main actors, extending everywhere throughout the circuit. And the electrons, are just their pawns."
My problem with that other video was the claim that students were being lied to.That was hyperbolic rubish, click-bait, and an insult to educators around the world. Perhaps in history classes his statement is true. But in physics and engineering classes it's simply a matter of using educational techniques of analogies that provide the student with an ever closer grasp on the ultimate reality of the situation. In practice, the best way of leading a student to knowledge is not always a direct path. You can't teach electromagnetic field theory to a 5 year-old.  I started learning about electricity by being told to picture it like water flowing through a pipe. But ultimately, no Dr. of Electrical Engineering is sent from school believing that electrical power flows through a wire like water through a pipe. The learning is an iterative process, a successive approximation ever closer to the absolute truth, a place to which all science is headed, but is not yet there.
did they respond tot his video?
Wait a minute.  First things, first.  What REALLY is an "electron"?
A lot of the confusion around this issue is because the first time a person is taught the First Law of Thermodynamics, it is a simplified version. It is usually stated as "Energy is Conserved" or "Energy cannot be created or destroyed." What gets omitted is "in a *_closed_* system." That, and and the simplified claim that work is energy.  The actual law, still somewhat simplified, is that the change in energy in a closed, ΔE, is equal to the heat exchanged between it and its surroundings, ΔH, minus the difference in the work done by the system and to the system by its surroundings. Heat is easy, it actually is a flow of energy. But energy is destroyed in the system that does net work, and created a system that has net work done on it. That might seem like a nuanced distinction, so I'll use an example.  A tray holding 100 lbs of quarry stone is at the bottom of a 100 foot cliff. A chain connects it to a system of pulleys at the top of the cliff, and a rope connects the pulleys to a horse. The ratio R, which depends on the number of pulleys, determines what the horse has to do to bring the stone to the top. The horse has to pull with a force of 100/R pounds over a distance of 100*R feet. This way, (100 ft)*(100 lb)=10,000 ft-lb of work is done on the stone, and (100*R)(100/R)-10,000 ft-lb of work is done by the horse. Energy is "conserved" in the combined system.  BUT THIS ENERGY NEVER EXISTS IN THE ROPE, PULLEYS, OR CHAIN. It is "destroyed" in the subsystem of the horse, and "created" in the subsystem of the stone. The net work done by a system lowers its total energy, and the net work done on a system raises it. If a system has zero net work, there is no energy.  A better way to describe it is with Power, the time derivative of Work. The power the horse exerts is force times velocity, or F*V. At any point in time, the horse is applying power F*V to the rope. Assuming a massless rope, there is no energy change in it: but it applies power F*V to the pulley. Which applies power (F*R)*(V/R) to the chain, and thus the stone.  The same is done in this circuit. The battery applies power V*I (volts are the analog of force in electricity, and current is the analog of  velocity) to the wires. If no energy is to be created in the wire, it has to do the same amount of work to the light bulb.
So what is lightning?
Which means most of this circuitry stuff was built before the builders even understood what was actually taking place. It functioned before it was known how.
3:26 - there was a missed opportuniity to talk about HOMO-LUMO & hybridized orbitals - but wiggly-vibrations will suffice. 🙂
The whole thing is still a little misleading. What Veritasium is actually talking about here is the Near Field Dipole Effect, which is something rather different from the ordinary way that electric power travels through circuits.
I remember learning about the Poynting vector and the non-intuitive nature of circuits, but I don't think I really internalized it as a sleep-deprived, dozing off college student. I got pretty hyped when I saw the lumped element transmission line approach. A lightbulb turned on in my brain, so to speak.
I decided to become a Civil Engineer and not an Electrical Engineer mostly because I didn't understand the electric curcuit and found nobody explaining it to me. Electrons were pushing each other and somehow the fields were part of the show. Now, more than thirty years later, I saw your video, Derek, and I only can thank you very much. I wish you all the best from Germany
Replacing of the 12vdc W  (tungsten) filament light bulb  with a wight 3vdc( turns on at 1.5v with red shift.) LED  and say see there it is  faster  than light. Justify by the led burning out( 4.2v overvolt failure before  the filament can receive enough energy/btu to reach a temperature within the visible spectrum(~ 5-6vdc for the dim red color temperature LED  you show).     Note wight light led tend to shutdown before  experiencing this much red shift. Indicates use of a red light chip . Red has lower V needs. Dim at 1.5v, operating 2.5v, burning out 3.5v .
"Are you not entertained?" Gladiator pose, but instead with a lightbulb. Good one.
This is the best internet drama, ever
I understood only part of this, but I love that we went back to how science was. Someone writes an article (now youtube video), and other scientists start to react with their interpretation of the problem. The first scientist reviews the reactions and makes adjustments/amendments to his/her initial contribution.
So I was right the light was turn in by electric.. ohh
This reminds me of something that someone was telling me years ago. I wasn't sure that what she was saying was accurate or if she was just a crazy person spouting random gibberish. She was saying that if examine a circuit board in a computer, you'll see that not all of the little parts are connected by wires, but somehow they still create a circuit for those parts to work. She was saying it was almost like magic. I have never looked that closely at a circuit board to verify what she was saying, but I thought it was interesting anyway.
Kudos to you for producing such mind opening videos with an open mind. We may not always have the right answers, but that shouldn't stop us from being good sports in the process of trying. It might take the collective activity of the cameoed individuals in a think tank to come up with a fourth order approximation that is consistent across all conductors (including the super kind).
What if the subject were treated as if electron particles do not exist and only waves and fields?
That means using mobile phones(unwired from charging) still have a chance to cause hazard when lightning? am I right Derec muller
I'm curious why, if all of these concepts were always intelligible to electrical engineers, it took until only recently for wireless charging to be invented and made available to the general public?  Seems like it should have been around for decades before this if not 100 years ago.
so when a phone is reading an NFC tag wirelessly, it is basically using the same concept of generating an electrical current on the tag through electromagnetic waves? Would be nice to see a video on NFC!
Any video that gets you to think about its subject is great when it makes sense and the light goes on pardon the pun its a winner.
so if "electrical energy" is NOT electrons streaming thru a wire - what the heck is "electrical energy"  ???  Particle ?  Wave ??  Cheese ???
Fantastic explanation.   Wish I'd had this video when I did my EE degrees!
Did it work without the wires connected at all though?? Why is this not being shown?? :/
From this, can you please explain how the battery lose energy and at one point is no more capable to light up the bulb.
I wish i would understand all of this.
I believe TESLA proved the energy is in the fields. I could be wrong.  I have a 3000+ page document from TESLA that I found on the internet. Doesn't mean I know anything other than Mr. TESLA had a 🧠 brain that took FULL ADVANTAGE of how the electrical/magnetic field increased the volume and rate of the information he learned.
"When you route a trace, you better define the other transmission line. Otherwise, the fields will expand, you'll a very unhappy person ( paraphrasing Mr. Hartley). WHY will the person be unhappy? What will happen if the the other transmission line is NOT defined??
"Steady, small  more than leakage, current flows through for 1 sec after." OK. But will the LED bulb 💡 remain lit?!
Ok. So how can I collect that, > than leakage energy and PUT it to use ( what device???! In other words... how can I continue the glow of the LED bulb 💡 when the switch is off 📴?! If anything is negligible... it's my knowledge of electricity and magnetism. However, what I can guarantee is that the energy creaty from electricity and magnetism resulting in that "field" is CRITICAL to life as we know it ( and not just to power up a house, furnace, oven, washing machine, car, etc.). Such energy can alter how the mind perceives and learns as well as the rate at which it learns. ANYWAY, I'd like my LED light bulbs 2 glow without the switch being in the ON position. "Yeah, right... so would everyone else in the world!!"
I put a comment on these videos which was removed sadly. That was, it would have been nice to give The Science Asylum a nod for this as he did EXACTLY this 4 years ago. This is a direct copy of his videos.
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF YOU DISCONNECT THE BATTERY AS SOON AS POSSIBLE AND DISCONNECT THE LOAD AS SOON AS A LOW VOLTAGE PULSE IS DETECTED?  If you  add a Capacitor to stop the full voltage as soon as possible, how fast could the low voltages pulses be?  My Guess is a very fast low POWER communication line!
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF YOU DISCONNECT THE BATTERY AS SOON AS POSSIBLE AND DISCONNECT THE LOAD AS SOON AS A LOW VOLTAGE PULSE IS DETECTED?  If you  add a Capacitor to stop the full voltage as soon as possible, how fast could the low voltages pulses be?  My Guess is a very fast low voltage communication line!
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU THROW THE SWITCH AN IMMEDIATELY DISCONNECT? SAY AS FAST AS POSSIBLE (WELL BEFORE THE CIRCUIT COMES UP IT"S FULL VOLTAGE).  Can you make pulses that are operating at the lower voltage?  IF So, What would be the fastest frequency of such pulses be??
Wondering if the bulb a meter away isn't connected to the battery but is exposed to the changing electric fields, will it still light up?
12:30 these simulations are amazing
11:41 little big detail
It's wild how "experts" and electric engineers don't know this. I mean I thought electrons carried electricity too but I've never studied electricity. Thanks for making us all smarter veritasium.
Since the water in a water hose analogy is not correct, give us a new analogy please.
Nikola Tesla
In curious about repeating this test with coaxial cables and faraday´s cage on the equipment.
I'm guessing this only works on DC, not AC.. ?? Due to the fact that there's no positive and negative.. ?
Respect
I know im late, but what happen if the circuit setup is circular and not near to each other. Would the wave/fields have a delay?
6:47 ?
I think that the positive and negative designations, and the bump on the pole on batteries should be reversed. They're arbitrary anyway and I think the one doing the work should be positive.
So underwater power cables must lose a lot of the energy transfered. Is there a formula for calculating how much energy is lost by distance traveled underwater/in water? My small brain would think that waves dont lose energy in water. they just travel at a different speed. or is the enregy being obsorbed by other fields? Would it help to make a double insulated cable with a "vacuum" in the  middle?
It's so cool, I'm learning about all of this right now and he is 100% correct
HAHA
5ms for the current to show up at the resistor, yet it still takes traffic lights 5 minutes to notice my car
Can you link the disputed original video please?
pretty sure if the fields expand, they will leave you as a happy individual
:)
Ok, this video works well.  The first one did not, although I did believe the premise presented there were too many details left out.  Thanks for making this one - it was necessary!
You have reinvented the Marconi Device: Bravo!.  It's amazing how nobody is fluent enough to explain this effect -- even your detractors.
You get an enthusiastic thumbs up here! Great explanation!
A interesting experiment would be a different arrangement of wire .. a large circle for example
IF ENERGY IN THE CIRCUIT IS IN THE E.F THEN WHY BULBS DO NOT GLOW UP WITHOUT SCREWING IT INTO A HOLDER OR CONNECTING WITH WIRES??
This is basically how science works. People put something out there via papers, folks review or try and replicate and feed back. Collectively we all move on having found the right answer together knowing that we tried everything and asked everyone we could and have to therefore conclude that what is left must be true to the best of our knowledge and experience... until someone else can find something different, in which case the process starts over. You set out to show one scientific principle, you accidentally demonstrated (with others) how all science works.
In this video he's saying something completely different than what he was claiming in his first video. Perhaps it's just the way he phrased it, but he made it seem as if the information of the closed switch immediately traveled across the space between the switch and the bulb so that the bulb "understood" that the circuit was closed and therefore current started flowing right away. However, what's actually happening is a completely different effect: induction current. This happens whether or not the ends are connected. Whenever current changes in one wire, this changes the fields in the space around it so that current starts flowing in other nearby wires. This is a well known effect, and it's how antennas work. Or transformers, induction cooking, electric motors, etcetera. The 300000 km wires were just a misdirection, basically. It had nothing to do with closing the circuit and the lamp somehow getting this information without the current having to travel the whole distance. By the way, he only got 4V at a distance of 1m. If the wires were 2m apart, I would guess that would drop to just 1V (inversely proportional with the square of the distance).
Hi, although  the research is going in the right direction it reached a dead end street. Because the model of the electric field is also a flawed model. I have conducted some experiments in relation to the propagation velocity and found some subtle differences. The problem in this tests is that the scope probe connection is electrically also, and provide a path for the energy wave. If you would use  fiberoptics connectors for the measurement equipment, you would be surprised, and the answer to the question in the earlier video would be another 😉 Anyway it's important questioning about the involved physical principles, but it might be necessary to cross the fences of Faraday and Maxwell.
Meanwhile in South Africa our electricity is governed by the Eskom Dark-field, which is produced by negative corruption and positive state theft idiots, which causes instant interference across thousands of kilometres and not just close field objects a meter away.
Thanks for explaining about electricity. This is what away from watching your video: how light is made up of electric and magnetic fields, that electricity actually comes from electrical fields around the wires, and how the fields in the circuit are created as soon as the power source (i.e. battery) is added to the system.  Now, I haven't studied electricity for many years and will re-watch both of your videos on electricity. But regarding the last point about the battery in the circuit: what is the difference between just adding the battery to the circuit as compared to adding the battery and completing the circuit? Because electrical fields are created just by adding the battery, what does pressing the "On switch" do? Finally, if the system doesn't need to be closed to create the electrical fields (granted, I know I'm missing an essential piece of the puzzle at this point), why worry about creating closed systems? Thanks for helping me learn more about electricity!
Absolutely compelling Derek for a chemist like me who produced animations portraying electron movement in current flow, and deleting them as fast as possible!!!
Thanks for both videos and all of the replies and videos contributed by all. This is effectively open source education for anyone that wants it. It's shared knowledge for everyone.
Electricity is so complex, I'm lost
Thank you for understandably explaining this. I studied electronics in the 70s, and they taught us the wrong way, but that was the textbook. I feel more connected with the natural electrical forces all around us now!
What i find misleading is that you didn't state there are 2 power transmission methods on your previous video (i'm not sure you even stated it here) but it becomes crystal clear watching the animation on 14:40 and why i still mantain my position that answer is B.  The first transmission type due to coupling is an extremely small amount of energy, incapable of lighting a bulb unless arranged in spiral coils like a transformer, the pointing vector graph shows this.  Then comes the bulk of power when the electrical field is actually propagated and centered around the load, that's the bulk of power wich will light on the bulb.  You might measure a transient induced voltage since you basically built a capacitor and it's short circuited for the initial state but the power transmitted like this is not what lights your home.  In resume this is just misleading, the bulk of power takes 1s to get stablished, if you want to power it in 3 microseconds you need to build a BIG coil to capture that energy 1 meter away wich is not what the experiment shows.  Anser is B.
just like our neurons
Current = Vibration = Waves of perturbation ...... Next question : when there is a current flow, also in direct current  DC , the flow is alway a state of waves of perturbation of E/M field
I wonder what kind of comment would Nicola Tesla ( were he still be alive) make here in this comment section …
It would have been great to demonstrate the lack of the initial impulse when the power source and the load are separated for clarity. And to measure the impulse in the disconnected parallel wire. It is scary to think then of the cross loads of power cabling in commercial buildings!
1:49 That is HILARIOUS!!!
What you are saying is ridiculous, nothing would work as it should from all the interference !
Great video thanks.
I have issues with your measuring equipment sitting physically close to the switch and the resistor and all the leads interfering with what's happening. Also, the field theory v the traditional electron flow theory seems to fall down when you consider what goes on in micro chips, where the field effects you talk about would surely mess things up!
Now that I think about it, electricity is almost like water that falls back to GROUND level.
The Earth, literally the Earth, a ground rod driven into the ground, is like a giant ball of electrons. When you have a positive energy potential (voltage), it pulls the electrons from the Earth until the energy potential is neutralized. Harnessing that flow is how you can extract energy to power devices, like a waterwheel in a river.
Tesla best and I think first showed this by his tower on Long Island. Being able to power devices with no wires 🤪
I'd be really interested in having some discussion/demo re how your revelations affect Maxwell's equations.  P.S. Loved the video!!!
So from the video: It is funny that he makes it clear that electrons are not flowing but then refers to "flowing electrons".  :D  1. The voltage potential from the power source (battery here) DOES cause a small drift of electrons.  This is detectable on the surface.  Even though this drift is VERY small it is enough to cause an electric field to appear that has a gradient diminishing with distance.  2. 4:50 That doesn't mean much though.  If the flow in equals the flow out the net charge density would be zero but you'd have a non zero flux gradient. He is trying to say the flux is trivial.  He specifically says "inside the conductor" so is there a net charge density on the surface.  At 7:01 he does specifically refer to "surface charge".    8:30 He does say "electron drift velocity" so electrons do move?  He does reiterate that it is a surface charge effect.  3. 11:26 Here he is saying the electric field immediately induces an electric field across open space to the rest of the conductor.  It seems he is saying a small ramp up occurs with the induced electric field followed by the growing field on the surface until it hits the maximum as the field runs along the entire conductor.  So if you had a very fast detector you would see this induced field effect?  Ah yes, in 19:10 we see it!  There is the small induced voltage and then the leap as the field traveling down the wire finally reaches it.  What bothered me about his previous video was the implication that the induced voltage was equal to the final one, this is clearly not the case (inverse square law).  All of these experiments rely on the wires being near each other for a nonnegligible induced field.  What if the wires were perfectly shielded so no electric field could escape the conductor?  So now you'd see the only delay as the electric field traveled down the conductor instead of crossing open space?  Would exerting an opposing electric field on the conductor shutdown a circuit?
Yes and what creates the electric field? Shield the cable so that fields cannot escape it and you will still get power.
This makes me yearn for a parallel timeline where all scientists argue on Youtube and tons of people are legitimately interested in finding out the truth of how the world works.
Ha! Just commented on your last video, haven't finihsed this one yet but.. much better. Nice job and, thanks for taking on this thankless task.
Honestly, you lost me at 17:30 but I still learned a lot and thank you for that.
Whats the voltage drop on that copper
The mind boggles at the thought of analysing the electrical field involved with complex electronic circuits…..
I'm sorry I came to this video so late. I still have a problem with the original postulate, that the light will illuminate within a nanosecond. Yes, technically, SOME current will flow through the light due to EM coupling and transmission line effects, but the magnitude of that current is dependent on the configuration of the conductors. Imagine they were sent arcing out in two vast circles perpendicular to one another. I don't have access to simulation tools to test this, unfortunately, but I'm pretty sure it would be a greatly reduced initial current. In the test done with 250m lines, it did indeed take the expected (by me) time of roughly a microsecond for the current to jump up to the steady-state level. The original video did not ask how long it would take for some small induced current to flow in the light bulb, though a brighter engineer than I would have qualified the intuitive answer of 1 second by "not counting a little induced current taking into account transmission line effects etc.", and I think the follow-up skirts around this.
After nearly 3 decades working on voltages from 120v to 12,000 volts regularly and occasionally 34,000 volts I can say it never really mattered! HAHAHA.  However, I only was ever able to connect wires to other live parts on their exteriors...  Surface contact area had to be big  and clean  and tight
Awesome. Begs the question: What's the right answer on a circular circuit with radius far exceeding the reach of the electric field?
SO FREE ENERGY IS FOR REAL
I was lied to my whole life.
The chain demonstration was the best I have ever seen to illustrate the flow of electricity, a bicycle chain and sprocket could be good too.
The electrons are not "pushed" through the circuit, they are pulled, by electromagnetic fields. The positive voltage pulls the negatively charged electron.
My understanding is that the electrons actually have some minute amount of mass. The electron is the conduit for the energy, not the energy itself.
💡💡💡
What happens when the wires are not 1 m but 300,000km apart?
Nice, but what happens if you put the switch and the light bulb in the opposite sides of the circuit instead of in the middle (and close)? THANKS!
Genius agitated everyone into learning. Thank you
What's your vector,  Victor?
This is how it should be explained in schools.
He's so dishonest that he wouldn't even give the result with a normal light bulb or an LED bulb that required normal power. It's not science when you fiddle the experiment to do what you said it would do. Sad he's not so honest and that he didn't give all of the results. Some amazing discoveries have been made because people are honest with their results that went against what they were expecting.  What if there was 100 m separation between the cables?  And he used 20 volts when he was talking about a battery which is usually 1.5 volts.
so correct way is electric radiate, not flow
How does this make sense?
So..... you are just a smart-ass, folling pros with your superficial knowledge. ok🥸
Extraordinary video and stunning explanation. How inspiring! Thank you for this details. How much I enjoy following this channel!
After thirty years of trying to understand why sub-atomic interactions don't make any sense to describe the behavior of electricity, this video finally makes it clear to me!
I’ve always wondered, has there been any research on the discovery of electromagnetism in the 18th and 19th century and its impact on evolutionary biology?  I know I can look it up, but I just wanted to get my thought out somewhere where people knowledgeable of the fields might advise if such a phenomenon has been studied.
As a licensed electrician, I am learning things that NEC theory teaches you completely wrong. This is blowing my mind
Videos like this make me wish I could subscribe twice! I don't entirely understand where the charge on the outside of the wires came from (reminds me of neurons though), but the rest of it makes a lot of sense!
Let's do voltage drops next!
Man, i love the natural universe.
Someone explain to me something that I just don't get from this or the original video: is the thought experiment about the signal or the voltage load?  If we have to wait for the majority of the voltage to travel the full length of the circuit in order to power a device then aren't we still talking about a short circuit leakage spike, a failure of the circuit in effect, rather than how the electricity flows?  Granted, I get the electrons don't carry the energy and I get that the energy doesn't flow through the wire but instead through the field.  What I don't get is the idea that the field jumps the gap for high power since if that happened with high power then we'd see a plasma discharge and a lot of damage for anything dealing with high voltage.  BTW, I don't have anywhere near the confidence in electronics to make any claims about right and wrong, I'm just trying to understand the point he's making about the time-vs-flow since, at least to me, there is a field transfer but it's a failure that shouldn't be there in a properly designed circuit.
SRB Haaa,/ I feel it's about the resistance/
Now I have an headache but I finally know how current works... :D
Then explain why trace lengths are relevant in PCBs for high speed digital circuits. PCB design tools even have options to select and optimise trace lengths. That seems to contradict your video
My uncle was an electrician and electric shocks had no lasting effect on him. I seen him working on my mum's washing machine with the plug plugged in and switched on. I asked him if I should pull the plug he said no as he needed to check the circuits. When I asked how he did this he said _like this_ and he just licked his finger and touched a live connection. One Christmas our town power supply went off and my uncle found the broke wire leading to the town. He just licked his fingers and grabbed hold of both ends and allowed the current to flow through his body. His hair stood on end and his legs kept lifting off the ground, his whole body lit up with an alternating yellow glow and we could see all of his bones like an xray. He stayed like that for two hours while thousands of families cooked their Christmas dinners. Afterwards he was fine - just a bit thirsty - he said _I really need a cold beer_
Bro took it seriously 💀
If this was not the case (the bit at just before the 14 minute mark) then radio antennas would not work, as they are not complete circuits, but they still have moving charges (current flow) when the field they're exposed to changes.
I have this question, so can’t we use in some way the electric field of the earth to power like my house how do we connect to the earth what’s the circuit do I connect my MacBook to a tree ?
what part then plays the insulation?
Is this what Tesla was on about ?
Fair enough and very convincing. Allow me to add, it might be different as for high voltage or even a normal domestic current. Such higher power implies time and causality. Bear in mind the use of potential difference, being actually damagable for a circuit closed or opened too quickly whithout protection, reason why people use, at the very least,  at-home residual-current devices to transfer energy into the ground nearby, and also electric current disconnectors with electromagnetic actuator, or even fuses,  in order to avoid curen spining inside the circuit if not cuted realy rapidly as a potential, causing electrical surge. Note this only involves high electrical grids implying high voltage lines. Without such phenomenons, either no electrical coil at all could possibly increase power or transform mecanical energy sources so that we may use it on a grid (we would run only on bateries), nor electrical capacitors either so we may gain access to low and very low voltage in everyday purposes. Very clever statement indeed, but science always remains strictly theoritical, putting forward a modelisations or representations of experiments, not from real life, especially when exploring the wider heavens above us.
How does it work if the wires were completely electrically insulated?
I'm not all that saavy about electricity, but have always wondered why on a 220v ungrounded system, light bulbs on a closed-circuit flash occasionally.
So if I understand correctly, the lamp should briefly turn on even if far away, on one of the ends (or both) these wires are actually disconnected? Because there is no way to know whether they are right now connected because of speed of light limitations.
And here come the electricity whores.
Can anybody tell me then why do we insulate wires
Can we assume most of this is going on underneath the wires' insulation, if they have it? There are many setups with a mass of cables touching each other at various points, i.e. interference if the fields aren't constrained. The general assumption is that insulators keep most fields independent.
What you are examining is a "paired transmission line." This is not a power line. The original supposition was for a power line. It is not the same, at all. Transmission lines involve electromagnetic waves. Start over with a power line.
@Veritasium Can you please do a video on long wave frequency wireless energy and how pyramids at giza could have a pulse power plant using water and tesla wanting to research world wide communication?
How long would it take if the light bulbs on the moon?
Whats the point of this video?
Mistakes were made on both sides.  Veritasium has owned up to his mistakes, now lets see what the critics do.
CRT tv. (old) Press the power button - led light flashes then goes out. 3 seconds later led comes on steady. Pretty sure this is that.
The whole video can be named "Millennials discover electromagnetic waves".  That "magical transmission of energy outside the cable" is called mutual induction and is the operating principle of electrical transformers and engines. In a stationary regime, there is no energy transmission outside the cables. That's why an electrical transformer doesn't work with DC, only with AC.  And in this experiment, the bulb doesn't need to be part of the same electrical circuit as the switcher, the effect will be the same. But we can be sure that it will take more than one second to realize that the circuit is closed or open.
So, what if there are two circuits next to each other. Turning on one will turn on the other?
The first video was already convincing (electrons 'barely move, they probably don't move at all', as Bruce Hunt put it there), no need for this second video --I think you speak too fast, you make people "think" you don't "think all", which by the way holds for all fast speakers, it's the "horror vacui" I guess, this grotesque fear of empty space, so that people need to fill it with endless cascades of words ...
Most wires are insulated, so I presume this is bare wires? What about resistance in the wire itself, seems a lot of things just skipped.
I watched your original video, and this updated one. Let me preface this question by stating that I'm not an electrical engineer (or any kind of engineer), nor a physicist. I'm just interested in this stuff. So, this is a sincere question from ignorance on the subject. If the energy that causes a light to go on is not carried by moving electrons in the wire, but by the electromagnetic field outside the wire, why is it that if you were to cut the shielding on a lamp cord, and then touch the copper wire inside when the lamp is on, you would be electrocuted; but, you can grab the intact lamp cord and not experience any shock?
I didn't expect Veritasium of all channels to be in a controversy
So a complete circuit is not carrying energy, it sets up the electric and magnetic fields that actually carry the energy?
are you not entertained
None of what anyone said in this video is actually correct. None of it, not one word.
Convinced. But not entertained. Of course, I believed you the first time, so there is that. I assumed it was like a transformer.
Humans discovered and taimed magic a long time ago, we just agreed to call it Electricity.
Yes, be a good explainer. Don’t impress us by how much more you know than we do.
Of course, Derek. And Maxwell himself was aware of everything you tell us. That's why Maxwell developed the electromagnetic field tensor formalism. I learned this many years ago in an electromagnetism course at an Argentine university.
Cool and very educational video but why did you not show the simulations to the point where the whole circuit has stabilized? The simulations just seem to show some kind of transient phase.  Also it's kinda misleading to say that the lightbulb starts emitting ligth in 1/c seconds. We start to "see some effect" in lightbulb in 1/c seconds as demonstrated in the simulations. I understood that it will take at least one lsecond for the surface charges to stabilize (or something) so there will be a steady current throughout the wire: then we will have the information whether or not there's a gap in the circuit far far a way in a distant galaxy.
Waves bro. 🙋🏼‍♂️🏄🏼‍♂️👋🏻
Great video, however, a question bugs me What if we placed an insulating slab between the battery and the bulb that completely fills the airgap. Will the slab block the electric field (supposedly produced as soon as the switch is closed)?
im still confused, say the wires are infinitely long, broken or not, according to the field travelling outside the wires, so the bulb will light up in 1/c seconds?
At the end of all, the positive thing about these videos is that there’s a deficiency of electrons to them.
I have learned not to assume anything on this channel, so when you say "on the surface of the wire," does that mean under or on top of the insulation of the wire?
When you say, "on the surface of the wire," is that under the insulation or on top of the insultation of the wire? I assume you mean under the insulation, but I have learned not to assume anything on this channel!
well done bub
If his nonsense was correct then batteries would never drain... sigh why do I even watch him he's wrong so often.
So it's amusing how his interpretation is counter to everyone else's... but he's so pompous and arrogant about it... then says everyone else's "misconception" to his ignorant statement.
If the wire or as they say about circuit boards or chips, the copper feature, is just a Waveguide, why do we use copper at all? Aluminum is cheaper and lighter. You could also etch a carbon Waveguide in very small circuits, but I do not know enough about chip manufacturing to know if it is feasible there. Certainly if it just Waveguide you should be able to use less of whatever material is used. Or does the impedance of the wire (Waveguide) dictate the energy flow?
So you run a wire from here (Earth) to Jupiter and the guy sitting on Jupiter is watching the bulb with his watch and as soon as you insert the battery in the circuit here on Earth, his bulb on Jupiter lights up?  Schrodinger's light bulb.
Electricians with just a trade school education seething right now watching this video
Hi I am confused as an electrical engineer . All ac cables laid in the ground have a steel wire cage around the live conductors to phisicalyprotect them so how can a field work as the steel wires would stop the field working, please explained this .
I'm curious is this effect negated by conductive insulation such as a coaxial cable
I wish you had repeated the experiment with Measuring the voltage in a parallel wire that was unconnected from the circuit as you stated previously
Think electrolysis and silver nitrate plating metal. Cathode to an anode. In that no wire but liquid to get electrons to flow
And not one mention of Nikolai Tesla. In a video of that highlights wireless transmission of electricity through fields.  Maybe we should all be studying what he did a lot more. And  demanding all of his work be immediately released by the US government - who confiscated all his work a day or two after his death.
I guess it's safe to say your last video was a "happy mistake"
So... just as Newton's laws of gravity are "good enough" for us to measure the rate of free fall on earth,  Ohm's law is "good enough" for me to wire a house.
I grew up building electronic kits and seeing Ohm's law verified many times in DC circuits. However, I also knew about how AC circuits are quite different, with reactance and inductance instead of resistance. This video is the important connection between those points of view, showing how AC considerations apply even to simple DC circuits, and how AC analysis is more basic, is truer, than the simpler DC analysis. It explains other aspects, too, like why power lines transmit their AC energy on and outside of their wires, not inside the wires, while the principal energy transmission in DC circuits takes place inside wires and batteries, but still mediated by fields.
Your third misconception point is not accurately explained. You say the E is not SOLELY the manifestation of the Battery, but also the gradient Charge distribution on the Wire, which has been CREATED by the battery itself.
Ok, To make it simple, the current in the circuit after (1/c)s is the induced current by the Electric field changes near the switch, but for the current to react the maximum value of (V/R) it will take a larger time, probably (c/2+c/2)/c = 1s to reach that value(for the electric field to be setup in the entire wire...
Derek,      How do all the wires in your car work, if the power travels outside the wires. ? ? ? . . . Clearly it does NOT, you are wrong, the electrical power is inside the wires.
Excellent science.  Peer review
We need Arabic translation pls
Storm clouds tho
I still can't understand. Tesla isn't my uncle anyway.
When all is said and done, Muller is still wrong:  we should forget that the main actors are fields.    I'm happy for him that he clickbaited so many people into clicking on his video.  Good job, youtuber.  But my job is teaching teenagers how electricity works.  And in my job, it doesn't matter that the main actor of current flow is the E field.  Ohm's law still works just fine, and the analogies that I use are still useful and accurate enough.  Anyone who thinks I need to include any details of Maxwell's equations into the basics of circuits doesn't understand what my job actually is.
I like how yhe community keeps in contact like how we're told the likes of Einstein, Or old science community members , did
Thank you
nah
It always astounds me how many people in the comments sections of science videos are so confident that they know a subject better than world class experts, or that they've solved a centuries old problem. The Dunning–Kruger effect is truly breathtaking to behold. More in the sense of making you want to stop breathing, than anything else though. A real expert knows the bounds of their own field and experience and defers to other experts with more relevant or better qualifications and experience.
a classical light blub needs time to reach it full brightness i think i have tryed the oposite (where the blub lose all energy) for the light blub losing all power instandly it didnt turn off -> the wire still was hot  then i was using frequencys to find out where it starts to flicker or even turn of 50 hz do nothing , you neither see a cooldown nor a flicker with 17 hz it started to flicker very little  even less you started to see the light bulb going on and off  there is something else to point out the resistence of the tungsten wire as long the tungsten is cold is lower   for the same reason the most blubs in the past pass out when the switch was pressed
That is a very peculiar way to understand the existence of electromagnetic waves. One could say it is the equivalent of the proverbial "much ado about nothing".
The Indian high school textbook (released by NCERT) for class 12, does talk about the build up and time taken by electricity when a circuit is turned on. It does mention the speed of light, afair.
This upsets the apple cart for everything that I’ve learned an understood. In my prior understanding, it was clear to me what happens when people get shocked, or worse,l electrocuted.  How is is that you can hold an insulated conductor and not get shocked, but remove the insulation and it’s a bad day. It seems that the energy field should not be affected by a thin layer of insulation. Please enlighten me.  Thank you.
Would be nice to see the same experiment of the circuit shaped as a perfect circle.
Let's me think about data cables are being shielded in the factory I work. Interference from power cables are a risk for the data transmission between PLC and equipment
I told this to my buddy, who is both certified as an electrician and works with electronics, and he couldn't believe the claim. Kinda scary how simplified we've made things, these days.
It just does,  hoping to do something that serves some purpose and if its lucky, it powers a vibrator , an electric guitar , a pace maker or something that gives it meaning and a reason to be excited ,feeling positively charged and amped to do it , sometimes it just seems like a lot of friction and static and it doesnt seem meanigful  depending on what your charged to do at your job , hopefully it is one that takes brain power and there is a lightbulb moment involved in illuminating something previously unkown and a boon . It depends on your sation some times, but wether coal , wind , solar or nuclear its not ones choice and station is not the only meter to be judged with , nor should we . Fusion hopefully makes it so there are no distictions to where you come from and all electricity is FREE to pursue its purpose regardless of origin and insulated from guilt or negative associations attached  , only positivity and grounded in solid stated pursuits so as not to not cause harm to others in shocking ways like helping to create weapons used for the Blitzkrieg , microwaving a steak  or all the ways electricity has been forced to work in service to darkness instead of as beacon or a light for those to find their way . If we all meditate on this and keep it as our source to plug into the universal grid, we may spark a brighter future . I will start us off , ohm ohm ohm ohm ,  namaste . Forget the battery of tests , trials and tribbles of the past we all have the capicitors for greatness . Gay Straight or AC/ DC, white , black , brown or green wires, it matters not. we are wired the same in the ways that matter most , we will have a future where there will be no need of adapters for hair dryers , we will all have the same outlets of expressing our selves and follow the path of least resistance , wireless and unthered , no more coiling in horror at the sound of thunderous bombs and flashes in the sky , we will harness all the poteniators of the human spirit . No longer will we be shocked by the depavity of the world , on edge and wired thinking about solutions for shortages and the rolling blackouts of humanity's better nature that bring war trying to short circuit progress or other vile human bugaboos and  all doing the electric bugaloo . The storm of negativity will pass leaving only the smell of ions , i on you , you on me , that smell will be dealt with after basking in the afterglow glow of the ectro chemical firing of neurons lighting up  the pleasure centers of our brains like ball lightning in waves that fuse our souls  before removing the blue tooth wireless nipple clamps , with a shower and fresh sheets after the dog licks most of it up because nobody forced to sleep in the wet spot  . In the future electricity will work for the pure joy of it at every job and nobody will ask how can electricty work or how any body can work in sewer , a slaughter house ,  as a dildo tester , accountant and the hardest one to answer, as a lawyer or politician, as they will all be powered by free electricity that flows   or doesnt really , but in endless supply and never overworked while doing all the dirtiest jobs nobody wants to do or should want to do, but the stock tips make it worth it . Then we can move on to new questions like , will you make me a snadwich if I change the sheets , did you ask your sister if she is still into it ?
I got really interested in what you mentioned about the bulb turning on before the electric field would reach the far ends or the loop, and would work despite the circuit being broken. Could we make a contraption to show this in the real world? Not just in the math and simulations? Would love to see it working with my own eyes!
Even bigclive got in on it wow.
If the Information (switch getteting turned on and lieght turning on) is almost lieght speed, than wy dont we transfer Information like this?
I am an electronics engineer and I am halfway into my career already. I opened this video for the fun of it. I was not expecting to get this realization that what seemed like first day first lecture of electrical engineering turned out to be a massive revelation. I admit I had not learnt the working of electricity like this. I knew that electrons do not carry electricity rather it is the electric field but the concept of surface charge along the wire blew me away. This was never taught to us in college. And it is not such a scary concept. Just requires motivation on the part of the teacher. I wonder why do most colleges take the short cut, build misconceptions instead of working hard and drilling the right theory into students' heads. Thanks!
So, if one holds a light bulb close enough to be in the field of a power line will it light up? This may be the most fascinating thing I’ve learned in a long time. It completely changes the way I look at the world around me!
Nothing excites people/electrons more than correcting the famous.
What boggles me is that the light will turn on even if the circuit is not complete!!!! How long or how good?
Great video. If you would move switch and resistor appart a few (hundred) meters, wouldn't the initial current vanish in the background noise quickly as shown by the scope?
It is like the water flowing from your tank to the tap, the dam is the tank and the lightswitch is the tap, the dam generates energy from the turbines then sends it down the powerlines to your lightswitch, electricity is just friction.
Is this why a clamp on volt meter can relate voltage and amperage without actually being inline?
Induction? Radio?
your videos are extraordinary brother
4:28 Not the Eugene Khutyoransky 😭😭
😍😍😍
Thank you for explaining that energy transfered around wires. But all the rest is such a mess....
You know, I've been a commercial electrician for 30 years. I kind of got a handle on how it works...in theory. However, it's good to know that folks who have PH.Ds. are just as clueless about it as I am. ROFL
Great video! Tesla was murdered over this exact same stuff. Hopefully the people that didn’t understand your first video, understands now
I have been lied to…
I’ve watched your two videos on this and I still don’t get it 🤷🏻‍♂️
Praises to you and the most high for unveiling the truth. Cease all lying and make all Truths known
At 2:08, the guy states "small continuous leakage", even after you turn off the switch, or close the flow, am I correct here, in seeing this when shutting my breaker off and checking for current before I touch the switch or plug, there is for a quick moment still current ..
...What?
Well, you have effectively answered all of the questions I had.  I am a believer!  Thank you for your detailed explanation!
Can I just say thank you? Derek?
Cool stuff :)
More proof of the ether
The measured data is exactly what the telegraphist’s equation by Oliver Heaviside would have predicted 100 plus years ago. It’s the classic step response of a transmission line with characteristic impedance Zo terminated with a resistor R when driven by an ideal step voltage source Vo. Because of the mismatched impedance a portion of the transmitted voltage Vo appears at the load at 1/c seconds (Assuming Er=1) Then the reflected portion of the wave bounces off the incident end of the line and returns at 2/c seconds to cause the next step in the response. Another step from that second reflected wave returns at 4/c second and so on. Eventually the load voltage settles at Vo and indeed all the energy is transferred to the load. It has to since there is no where else to store it in a lossless transmission line. If R=Zo the is no reflected load and the incident voltage is transferred at 1/c but that is a special case. The interesting thing about this is that it is predicted by Maxwell’s equations and the transmission formula that can be derived from them. Electrons don’t even enter the discussion. If you try to model this based on electrons moving along the wire you get the wrong answer because it’s the wrong model. The energy transfer and the time it takes for the response to be seen at the load is about electromagnetic fields propagating at the speed of light because that is what they are. Lumped element models only work for lumped elements. Transmission lines are not lumped elements. To be honest though I really had to stop and think about this even though I’ve been doing this kind of stuff for a living for 40 years now. It’s nice to dragged back to the basics now and again.
I believe you could greatly simplify the explanation ty going directly to the characteristic impedance.  You figured 550 ohms. The initial current pulse would be limited by the 550 ohms on each side. Assuming an 11V battery, the initial current pulse would be no more than 11V/1100 ohms, or 10 mA (with negligible resistance of the LED). The LED would light if that  10 mA is sufficient.  You could increase that current and decrease the time by placing the wires much closer together. This would decrease the characteristic impedance.  This s problem can be solve much more easily using just the lumped element equivalent circuit, rather than mysterious 3 D fields. You can use the 3D fields to predict that capacitance or you can just measure the capacitance. The use that capacitance in a lumped element  circuit to analyze the currents. Even the propagation time comes out of the circuit analysis.  I would like to see a discussion and demonstration of what happens if the wires were shielded, as coaxial cables, and also place a ground plane below the wires. That would totally change the performance.
Wow, that was just brilliant, mate!  I’m not much of an electronics guy, but I’d like to learn more about it. Think I’ll just mosey on over to Brilliant and have a gander!  Thanks for making this awesome video, good luck with your channel. Cheers - JD, Montréal
The proof in the pudding would be to have an additional unconnected copper rail and measure there as well, just like the sims showed
a transformer.
So the power is transmitted in the fields around the wire. How come there is enough power to light a bulb but I feel nothing if I hold my hand in the air near the circuit? I would think there is enough resistance in my tissue to feel something.
Are you not forgetting the Biot-Savart law that describes the magnetic field as determined  by the integrating the current elements either  steady state or as the current changes in time. Here the time varying version of the induction is used
We know some of the properties of electricity.  NO one knows how is works.  NO one knows why it works.
Pausing after 10 minutes to let my brain catch up!  Whew!
Are the HFSS simulation files available?
i think your next video on electricity should be about that scene in The Prestige when Tesla makes all the lightbulbs in the ground power up.
Dude...... why is this hard for people to understand?  I don't get it! Nothing happens in this universe without electromotive force. IT IS ALL A WAVE!
electricideez nuts
Another guy makes greats videos on same subject, Gerard Morin. Check him out.
I'm an ex-electrician and an electronics enthusiast from way back, and I've never heard such a thorough explanation of how electricity works from any of my text books and lecturers. Thanks. I learnt a lot.
No drama, just by amateurs. Nice you made a second video to help people even more. Nitpickers might like the second better but, the message was already there on the first. Very clearly explained. Thank you, man! Great videos!
How do we enlarge the fields?  how big should the electric/magnetic field be to make the electrons go to the surface knowing that the electrons are spinning very fast around the nucleus (irregular)?
Always the best video with the worst  titles and thumbs! But I admire the effort put into it since Mr veritasium said it was new territory to him
I see this video is old, but gonna ask anyways...if electrons don't really move the distance, but rather bounce off of ions repeatedly...then why do they get excited? Is it the magnetic filed pulling on the south pole of the electron? And, if the electric field is causing EMF and not the magnetic field, then is the magnetic field somehow governing the electric field? Seems you can get voltage on grounded state electrons with perment magnets, but need some imbalance to invoke voltage in a conductor. Yes, I know, the power is in the field, but voltage is still a measurable force in both magnetic and electro fields...so I am curious how what is the true role of magnetism in EMF?
Youtuber clickbait troll
Much better video compared to the previous. I think really smart people are just not good at explaining 😅...
I agree i have seen leds continue to glow minutes after being unplugged most folks never even care or look as their not the least curious about whats really happening lets be honest Einstein never had a smartphone imagine if he did now do you still believe he would have no new thoughts of what's possible???
Time for more animations showing induction cooktops and chargers
Sorry for nitpicking, but the essence of the original hypothesis is that some light (i.e., power sufficient to emit light from the load) would be apparent VERY quickly in your system where the source and load are separated by only 1m, as are the outgoing and returning legs of the connecting wires. Impact from the stimulus should be detectable at the load in 1/c seconds (based on your "1/c" answer in the prior video/quiz), or ~3nS.  However, the timebase of the o-scope is shown (@18:53 in the video) to be 50(!) nS per division. The apparent voltage at the load is negligible at only 3 nS after the initiation of the step input ("in the noise", so to speak). After an initial charging time of ~30 nS, I see ordinary reflections occurring at ~70 nS intervals, consistent with passage down a 20m pathway.    While you're hanging your hat on the small amount of power (14 mW initial vs. 400 mW steady state) that is induced from the source to the load by virtue of their proximity and the large initial voltage step (20VDC), I see this as vindication of those of us engineers who maintain that the propagation time for delivery of power is a primarily function of the (wired) distance from the source to the load. So forgive me if I don't chuck our TDR equipment into the trash.  😁  Also, can you (or anyone) explain how & why you determined a Z0 of 550 Ω for your line impedance, but then you DOUBLED it to determine the proper load impedance? Your scope shot shows a ρ = 0.35 (27V step over 20V incident wave), indicating a Z0 of ~530 Ω--assuming you used a load impedance of 1100 Ω.
can someone explain how if it works with a broken circuit, why turning on a light switch in my kitchen doesn't make all the nearby lightbulbs turn on even if they're not in that particular circuit? (not being sarcastic, actually curious)
Whenever I pee, m afraid to through my ions in a circuit or not
These discussions are important to the human race. We cannot have science be unchanging. Archeologically, geologically  or magnetically. These discussions are a must have.
Seems like an over complication of induction
Investing in stocks and crypto markets is the best financial decisions any can make but the crypto market is much more better than anything else at the moment...... "" "" "!!!!!
Great
Still wrong. Perform this experiment WITHOUT a conductor.  Regardless of your theories, a conductor is necessary. Without the conductor, this experiment is impossible.
If energy travels outside the wire, what is the reason for melting the plastic around the wire from inside out? Thanks
You're wrong
Well done! I’m retired from Telecom R&D and I learn things from your videos all the time. Keep on keeping on!
Thanks for the explanation. You’re a true myth buster. Less “ballistic gel”, more to the point (for me)🎉
derek: By the way, the magnetic field surrounds the wire circularly so that INCLUDES the conceptual direction of the thumb pointing up in the right handle rule where 2 fingers and thumb are pointing. Thus the logic of a third direction in that is flawed. Only the curled fingers right hand rule with thumb pointing is logical and a correct model.
First video was STILL clickbait because he seemingly didn’t mention it was only a little capacitive or inductive current and not FULLY on.
Bulb turns on even if the circuit isn't complete? But is off until the switch is closed.... I'm missing something and was fooled again into watching one of his vids
Handled like a pro, bravo 👏
when he was making the old video he was acting aggnorant on people calling him out
I just flipped the switch  Now i know everybody else that's doin' this
I think the experts should relax.  I know nothing about electricty or many of the topics discussed on this channel.  Who are these vids for?  If he wants to chat with other professionals he can do so, he loses the casual viewer because it's too complex.  I think this channel is amazing because it isn't too complex for laymen like me.  If you think I'm wrong, go look at a lot of the physics channels that  seem to only talk shop to impress someone.  My response, again as a layman, is to tune out.  The "I'm smarter than you" set is in full bllom on Youtube at times.  I don't think he got anything wrong, just not a sufficientlt detailed explanation for other experts.  Shame on them for trying to shame our host.  He's right that the first video led to the second, but honestly, as a layman, I don't need this vid at all.  This channel rocks.  Experts, settle down.
This is why wireless charges work
Great stuff. Toward the beginning of the first video, I assumed you were going to go in a completely different and naive direction, but was very pleased with where the video went. Glad you made a follow up to clear things up for people.
Scientific illiterate here. So is the conclusion that electricity doesn't 'flow' through wires via the movement of electrons, but is 'moved' via electrical fields that work in one direction, and that wires merely help to 'channel' these fields? (Hence why you can have wireless charging?) That was probably written  very badly, so any clarification would be great!
I am so confused
Thanks of people's who things are better understanding than this guy here, You make another great video ! even better then previous one and Im glad that I found it :) But, as not English mind I have to say:, I haven't seen any big misconceptions like they tried to show us. all explanation was clear and acceptable straight up.....and most  important - we can see it in real life..... but still  happy that other guys have lot to say- thanks of them this video explained easy most "things about electric flow " after all this Years working with "this matter" I think that this video is closest to the truth.!  love You mate .......
I would like to see actual measurement when the bulb is on the short leg to the right and the switch is on the short leg on the left versus where you show them on the long legs
me flip switch lights turns on unga bunga
Wow!
At 13:30: the only reason there is a current flowing in the discinnected wire is, that there is a closed cirquit with a current in it and therefore an e-field.  Therefore it dies NOT disprove a causality break
What if you use a coaxial cable? It shields totally for any Electric field.
What if there was a switch on either side of the battery and the 2 switches closed at the same time. In the 1 switch scenario the field is already set up.
Great job man! Here from Brazil!
I have one doubt that if u kept 2 light bulbs really really close but one is not connected to the cercuit and one is should it still light up?
This is the twist of Darek... Loved it 😊😊😊
As a former bioinformatics student I think this is unnecessarily complicated and idiotic; therefore I propose that in the future all energy transfer shall happen using ATP and NADP.
Nice video, cleared a lot of my doubts.
You're being sneaky again Derek. At the end you basically said "so you can see you'd get a non-negligible current within the first second" - but most of the criticisms that said the current would be tiny weren't complaining that you wouldn't get a non-tiny current "within the first second" - they were complaining that it would be tiny "at 1/c seconds", which it would, on that graph it wouldn't even show a rise it would be so small/close to the green supply line jump.   More proof that you simply can't use any of these criticisms as an opportunity for self growth, you're purely wired to narcissistically defend every point to the death and even re-framing criticisms into forms where they're beatable and then beating them to feel superior instead of taking on those criticisms as stated properly and addressing them honestly.   Anyone with self respect making this video would've approached it more sincerely, this is more like a "I'm sorry you interpreted me wrong I guess I didn't communicate it properly and here's 24 minutes explaining why I'm still right", when it needed to be "I'm sorry my video was misleading, I should have stated the truth of the model, I'll do better next time". As my maths professor once said, "getting the right answer for the wrong reasons is just as bad as being wrong", and in your case saying the right words with the wrong intentions is just as bad as saying the wrong ones.   I hope you grow out of this phase where you're throwing away your credibility for views, and you learn to return to an attitude where "gotcha-ing" people for clicks is not the main goal, and instead the main goal returns to a sincere intent to educate and communicate ideas fairly.   I hope you learn how to properly react to these things one day.
Is there any chance you could do a breakdown of Nikola Tesla's Wardenclyffe Tower. Did it have veracity?
Can ask has anyone done this test without using a switch and just connect the battery to test how long it takes to turn on. The electros wont be primarily lined up if the battery not been in tge circuit
So how about alectric and magnet?
Derek, I came across one question about this experiment.........does this mean that a battery itself has an electric field around even when is not connected to anything??...... then does this means that in principle I could power a minuscule light only by approaching it to the battery? Then does this mean that the battery won't be uncharged and last forever?   Of course, we need to count with the air resistance but in principle this should work in a perfect scenario, correct? Maybe we could build a core to canalize the field of the battery in 2 directions, and then put the light near these places to increment the effect?  Thanks!!!!
Everything old is New again.   Great video.    On to Tesla>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
2:00 so dishonest from electro boom
I don't get it !
Great example of the hive mind working to clarify a complex topic. If only we could work like this more, in other domains.
The whole debate is so motivating, I’m 40 and just now starting to learn electromagnetism on my own, this video was very informative. 👍🏾
You're doing God's work sir
Perfect!
I'll be back I'm going to watch the first vid
What keeps the “lattice” in place?
I'm about 100% sure that this universe permits faster than light travel and communication, you just have to nullify your inertial mass. Doing so to the point that you have literally none might take forms of energy we haven't encountered, it probably has to do with higher dimensions
Then to break your brain even more...  you are not looking at speed of the flow , but rather the reactivity of the circuit as a whole , reacting to the load. The field is reacting and bringing itself back to equilibrium. The confusion there is that impedance is an equal proportion, which it is not.  The opposite would be true in field collapse.  Unfortunate proper credit was not given to Heaviside and the RC time constant / working out the telegraph issue / simplifying Maxwell's equations. Everything is fields. Cool vid
This I didn't know. Thanks.
Thanks for the great video! I must admit i was a bit confused, glad you’ve cleared it up ! Of course, all sub atomic ‘particles’ are best described by fields..😂
5:30 Can someone explain why there is a positive charge on the positive terminal? After all, the cathode does not release its electrons into the electrolyte.
Fascinating stuff. Great job
Dielectric field needs to be highlighted....Charles Proteus Steinmetz who fostered the development of alternating current that made possible the expansion of the electric power industry  stated in his book 'Electric Discharges, Waves and Impulses':  "Unfortunately, to a large extent in dealing with the *dielectric fields* the prehistoric conception of the electrostatic charge on the conductor (electron) still exists, and by its use destroys the analogy between the two components of the electric field, the magnetic and the dielectric, and makes the consideration of dielectric fields unnecessarily complicated."
There are three parts to a electrical circuit.  You have "protons"(+) and you have Neutrons and last but not least you have electrons (-).  The neutrons are the most powerful, they force the others to move!!  Without the Neutrons Radio waves and AC current would never work!  IT IS THE NEUTRON THAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE FOR RADIO AND AC CURRENT TO TRAVEL! ,  I refer to it as the "B" field IE: the center of a magnet.  Just like Tesla said you must look at things you cannot see.
We live in a totally magnetic universe.  The speed of magnetism is instantaneous.  There isn't a speed to magnetism without it we simply would not exist!   The speed of light is directly proportional to the magnetic field it travels through. That's why light bends when going through different constellations in the universe.    We are all made up of the "B" field of the  magnetic universe.  The "B" field is the center of a magnetic source.   If you transmit the "B"  field you will be able to turn off power systems at close range , much like UFO's have done.  That is because the "B" field has everything to do with anti-Gravity FACT.  If you transmit a "b" field vibration into a granite rock it will become soft.  That's how they built the pyramids.  It's depicted on all the pyramids.  Also you want more proof go to Coral Castle on YouTube.    It's also why they had to use copper tools.  Iron tools would disrupt the magnetic field and not work.   The horizontal stones around the world  like Stone Henge are power plants in ways you never imagined.  The vibrating stones had everything to do with bringing life to this planet to include plant life!!
Ironically, because of his confusing and terrible explanations, he's now got over 25M views!
Clear as mud. If you have a circuit with a break in the wire and you close the switch, no, the lamp will never ever light up. How can you say such a stupid thing? Maybe I'm misunderstanding what you meant, but then that's your fault too!
Hi I designed in the 1990s a forensic wireless electrostatic dust mark lifter. The Pathfinder. The device charges flat  Mylar  film coated on one side with aluminium,  The high voltage at low current at ~30kHz propagates across the surfaces of materials though of as dielectric insulators. Such as wood, plastics glass etc causing an attractive force between the film and substrate below. The prices you describe in a simple wired circuit explains well the prices of lifting particles e.g shoe and tyre marks from substrates. When the alternating power source is removed the particles remain adhering to the film by dielectric polarisation. The high voltage ac field is moving electrons in the film and substrates causing the phenomenon of attraction and repulsion if desired. Thanks fir your demonstrations. Previous versions of the device had large metal plates, wires and brass blocks. The designers of these did not understand the propagation of electric fields. Regards Bob Milne.
I thank you for this video and its precursor. I have worked with electricity in various small scale arenas (stage lighting, home DIY projects, electronics projects) for more than fifty years and have repeatedly stubbed my brain on the 'electricity moves through a wire like water through a hose' explanations. I could not understand or describe why I knew that was wrong until I watched your videos. Nothing really changes (e.g., it is still important to turn off the breaker before fiddling with a circuit) but at least I now understand that my gut feeling was justified. Cheers!
When you throw the switch your are transferring both power and information. But the information is input at the switch, so what separation is key… the distance between the battery and the bulb, or the distance between the switch and the bulb? 🤕
There is no problem, just Wrong. . . .  If fields moved the power, then how do our cable harnesses with perhaps a 100 wires all doing different things work. ?. . . If fields did anything, they would interfere with each other, they don't.. . . He is just plain wrong.
Is there any relation between the current and the actual current in the ckt? If yess then there is a new generation of data transmission coming that i can see.
Translation: Original video was clickbait BS…and this video shows relatively basic obvious things commonly known among electronics engineers and similar. Is derek jewish?
“to me”…WOAH…that is a MAJOR faux pas. Then TO ME (AND SCIENCE!!!) it appears it’s most likely MAINLY caused by the magnetic field inducing current in a nearby wire. There may be some light capacitance also, but it seems to be mainly a magnetic field causing that.
Funny how the tittle is exactly what I searched for after watching the original video
Haha! Hilarious. All of us big brains people love to debate.
Thank you for the video. Could someone clarify me the oscilloscope graph (18:56). I see that the selected time resolution is 50 ns, so the delay between source voltage supply moment and registering 4V on the load resistor is approx. half of the resolution and is equal to ~25 ns. But analytical calculation giver order of magnitude different result! If the distance is 1 meter we get the delay 1/c = 1/3e8 = 3,33e-9 = 3 ns! Any ideas?
By electromagnetic fields. Electricity and magnetism are two sides of the same phenomenon.
What if the circuit, instead of a loop one meter apart was a loop around the equator of the earth? My question is would this change the field of one wire affecting the other one (as shown in the simulations)?
Im not an engineer or a physicist, just a lowly electrician. In school they taught us that the current in the unconnected wire is current produced by change in the magnetic field aka induced current. And thats how it was explained how the wireless chargers and transformers work.  It is interesting how in the simulation it seems to look like the magnetic field is "bounced" "reflected" back seemingly as strong as the magnetic field that reached it and the electric current doesnt appear to manifest itself before that, appearing to me as if it is created by the imbalance in magnetic/electric charges in the wire caused by the field first created at the source.  In addition id like to point out that if the wire is broken on one side it would have to be connected to another closed circuit otherwise the lamp would never light up as there would be no current to well induce the reaction in the lamp, broken wire is exactly the same as a switch, for people watching it might have been a confusing point.  Also how would you describe magnetic field inside an object without referencing to electric field and also the same thing in reverse? How do you separate that? Is it just theoretical or is one manifesting itself without the other somehow in reality? Could someone explain it just one more time what am i missing? 😅
The key takeaway is that all these people are nerds.
An alternative is the neutrinos which are present everywhere at the same time and they carry the initial current. Or an aether that is sub-atomic energy.
Human beings are obsessed with power & control.  It gives people more joy than an orgasm to prove somebody wrong.  Do we really wonder why our civilization is collapsing around us, in more countries than a few.  The smartest species on the planet is too dumb to realize we should work together.  Trees literally work together, but we can't.
Could this also explain the "Joule Thief"
This really reminds me I a) need to have good sources for my informatiom but mainly b) need to not take my own conclusions and run with them without confirming.  I really have to question if I truly understand things
But what if the wires are not next to each other?
Basically Coulombs law has no dependence on time t, so a charge created at point x can light a bulb at the end of the universe without any delay. The measurement will cause the delay not the speed of action.
and this is still just the the tip of the iceberg of how weird physics is.
I have a huge smile right now lol  this video made me feel smarter then i really am.
As soon as I can locate the succession registrar, I am putting in to be an electrical engineer in my next life, partially thanks to you
ELECTRIC FIELD activity's, is that possible without particle's in MOTION, how does ELECTRIC FIELD separates itself leaving behind its Electrons, which is contrary to Universal law, the stronger Energy overrides the weaker Energy at all times, here Electrons as the stronger Energy.
So what is the field itself made of?
This also explains why design of circuits for high frequency usage is extremely hard.
So you're saying when you connect the wires to the battery it energizes the wires when the circuit is closed and when you connect the light to the wire it energizes the light as well as the wire correcting the current to the light unless you're on alternating currents then it energizes back and forth that's simple way more simple than you're trying to tell it
what about tesla any info re his electricity u understanding
Here's what I'd like to see:    An *animation* of the graphic shown at [07:25], under all of the following circumstances:     First, start off without the battery at all.  Just have the wire, the open switch, the light-bulb (resistor) and the gap where the battery will go.  Next: Gradually bring-in the battery, from far away.   Again... show the fields as an animation as the battery approaches.  Next: Attach one end of the battery (does anything interesting happen from just that?), and then attach the other end of the battery.   Wait a bit for equilibrium.  Next:  Close the switch, and continue with the animation  (I do realize there is a very good animation of *this* part, later in the video.  Next: Open the switch, and again wait for equilibrium.  Is there anything particularly interesting that happens then?  Finally:  Detach one end of the battery, and then the other, and then take the battery far away.
Good information because I day dream a lot about creating a colony on Mars or the moon..and it needs a magnetic field against radiation..I imagine putting a wire around the equator of the planet..but after watching video maybe it would be easier to protect just a city or create a smaller magnetic field around an astronaut..what do u think 🤔.. thanks Eddie..p
I'm looking at 300,000 like, and not one dislike....🤔 I think you made your point😌
This is great, but you can tell he wasn't just corrected - he was attacked by pricks.
I have a question, if the wire is not closed, how is there a different of charges?
The electrons travel based on a voltage differential,  that creates the current and the electric field.  You're one of those dummbb people who wonders if there's noise when a tree falls if no one is there
I was initially intrigued by the original video and this follow-up because the original assertion if true (it is not) would completely rock my world and cause me to revisit my understanding of electricity, magnetism and electromagnetic waves.  Mr. Veritasium - I am sorry to say you kinda botched this one.  It is clear to me that the reason for the initial partial energizing of the load is due to progressive magnetic coupling (hence the non-crisp load voltage) from the wires on the switch side to the wires on the load side, with the induced voltage potential on those load side wires being in series with the transmission line characteristic impedance.  This is not about the e field propagating across to the load wires; it is about the magnetic coupling to the load wires.  At first, when I wanted you to be right, I wondered about how those scope probes were connected (not disclosed in the video).  The correct way to instrument the source and load voltage would be to use equidistant differential probes so the probe grounds wouldn't become part of the conduction path.  Very nice job on the explanation of current conduction in a wire.
Why not put a light bulb in the parallel wire that isn't connected to the circuit, as shown in the modeling? If the lightbulb turns on (or voltage and current can be measured) that would verify that the modeling is correct. I mean after all the software modeling was created using people's understanding of electric and magnetic fields. Of course the modeling is going to show the electric and magnetic fields as electrical engineers' understand them. The modeling doesn't prove anything. The modeling needs to be proved with real world measurements.
Great video! A lot of respect.
If electricity flows outside of the conductor, can we get the same current through a copper tube as though a copper wire of the same diameter?
Maybe I'm wrong, but I think that the graphics showing E field and B field being sinusoidal waves in perpendicular planes is incorrect. They both are zeroed at the same moment, and this is incorrect! They should be shifted by (PI)/2 one from the other. In other words, E is max or min when B is zero, and B is max or min when E is zero. I found this error in other films as well (not on this channel).  BTW, excellent film and explanation. It's my first visit to this channel, but I will come back, no doubt about it.
Every mathematician knows the basics of maths, every physicist knows the basics of physics, but many electrical engineers do not know the basics of electricity. Such videos contribute to education so much that it is hard to quantify! Thank you for doing an amazing job!
So if you used a double pole switch for both positve and negative of the battery and the light and the wires intitially wer not connected to positive. Would it then have a longer delay because it would take time for the feild to arange around the extended wires instead of all the potential being a few mm away inside a switch?
So basically you've made a simple transformer
You're oopsie'ing the kinetic vibrational transfer of energy like the 4/5 swinging ball example. Tink in, tink out same at electron lvl
Very interesting! It explains the phenomonen I observed while crossing underneath high voltage transmission transmission lines on a rainy night. It would glow with a circular corona where the metal ribs met at the tip of the umbrella during my crossing.
So in other words I may never understand electricity
Why the hell people can come up with the idea of electron being energy carrier??? If it is true, than we will not have many issue in this modern day about storing excess energy from Renewable Sources. You will just need to find the most electrom dense metal and charge it, which off course impossible
How i see this, With power the electrons start dancing and the electric fields get generated and the vibes of the dancing electrons gets passed as electric fields way faster than how its passed through the wire. hope I understand this correctly.
So greatly sorry that you have had to dumb this down. Thank you for the last video. Thank you for your content. It's so great!
Explain to me how this means my energy bill should be lower
Derek is still wrong about lots of things in this video but at least he has really good graphic models.
Ok I think I understand it, but I have a few questions. 1st so if there was another circuit but physically separated from it, would you be able to measure the energy spike there? 2nd how do batteries deplete?
This is why I like this channel. The clarity and transparency.
Maxwells equations? I think you mean Heavysides truncated version.  Which is part of this problem.
I thought surface charges are created to maintain an electric field inside the wire which is all along the direction of the wire and cancel out the field perpendicular to the wire. This is so to ensure no current flows perpendicular to the wire (just as surface charges are accumulated in electrostatics on a metal to make field inside it zero). But how does the gradient of surface charge determine the field inside which is along the wire?(As you said in 8:54)
Love these videos
In this episode of youtube shithousery a nuclear physicist will unsuccessfully attempt to explain literally anything to some electricians.
Better credentials than “I” not “me,” because it is grammatically correct to state…better credentials than I (“have.”) Thank you.
Is it crucial that the wires in the setup are not insulated? Very intriguing.
Generally, your videos are good but this is a fail for me. Have no freaking idea what you are talking about and feel like I know less than before watching either of your electricity  videos
Let assume the wire is perfect conductor.  When connected to a load, current is flowing.  You say the current is due to the electric field inside the wire.  But we know the voltage is the same in the wire so this mean there is no electric field in the wire.
DC Electricity flows as moving Electrons INSIDE wires.   .   Very High frequencies and pulses travel as Waves, such as in Co-ax cables, wave guides or radiated as Radio.   .  All electricity produces fields, which usually only extend a few millimeters.   .  Tesla and Faraday knew this.
Vindicasium
Bro if your theory come true, than u will be the next electrical scientists, and iam mechanical engineering but know I wan ask my university professor about this topic really it sounds good , 🔥🔥🔥🔥👍 all the best
The school system failed
Light doesn’t not travel, it is noticed.:.
Clinging onto V=IR for dear life rn
Where's the original video? The one everyone's all mad about
I think your magnetic field diagram ( yellow & red) is off (time stamp 7:30) and should be in line (turned 90 degrees) with blue field, if you agree or disagree please let me know along with your reasoning logic, thanks.🧐
23:12 + Yong Tuition channel
I am reading with my young kids about Morse code. These are electric impulses sent through wires. I am by no means anywhere near knowledgeable on electricity. How does this idea explain the travel of these impulses? Just a curious detailed dad.
How does a battery die then
so pluto f'd up betelgeuse, lol humor
i was actually surprised i was able to replicate the scenario (albeit accidentally) using a laptop, a mechanical keyboard with lights and the charger of the laptop. so the scene was the laptop is asleep, the keyboard is connected to the laptop (the keyboard rgb is off since laptop was asleep) but the charger was disconnected entirely, both from the laptop and from the wall socket. while the charger cable was close to the laptop and keyboard, it wasn't connected to the laptop, then right as a plugged the charger first to the socket, the keyboard lit up for just a second
Electricians use this one detector where it can detect energy without attaching itself to the wire that is being detected. This proves that electricity is not carried by electrons but by the  field around the wire.
For the lover of God’s sake don’t buy solar panels until you make it to the end of the next video 24:29
Super fascinating, but whenever I hear about fields I ask myself "But what is a field, and how do they work?" :) Quick question: Why did he perform this experiment so high up in the air? Couldn't he have done it closer to the ground?
energy is carried by fields and not electrons! WOAW ! The books are lies!
"The statement in the Veritasium video is an oversimplification of the process of how electricity works. The idea behind the statement is that the speed of light is so fast that if the distance between the battery and the light bulb is a meter and the distance between the terminals of the light bulb is a light second, the electrons can travel from the battery to the light bulb and complete the circuit in an instant. However, this is not entirely accurate.  The electrons in a circuit do not travel at the speed of light, but instead they travel at a much slower speed, typically on the order of millimeters per second. The speed at which the electrons move through a conductor is dependent on the material and the temperature.  When a circuit is closed, the voltage difference between the terminals of the battery causes the electrons to flow through the circuit, generating a current. The electrons flow through the wire and through the filament in the light bulb, which causes the filament to heat up and produce light. The rate at which the electrons flow through the circuit is determined by the resistance of the circuit and the voltage applied to it.  It's true that the speed of light is extremely fast, but it is not relevant to the process of electron flow in a circuit. The time it takes for the light bulb to turn on is determined by the time it takes for the electrons to travel through the circuit and not by the speed of light."  - chatGPT
It's interesting that we get to see scientists discuss this stuff over media in our era
Thank you.
Love this Video
I'm doing an electrical engineering apprenticeship and I wish I never saw these videos 😂😂
Hm, curious. If the electrons arent energy carriers, what are they? In the particle physics sense, im gonna have to give this some deep thought...
In your experiment, did you consider actually lighting the LED w/ a broken circuit at the far end? If I'm understanding this all correctly, you should have been able to do so.  "Show don't tell": lighting an LED with a broken circuit would likely convince the skeptics.
Do you just do your research or are you the next Albert Einstein
I understand the concept, but I don’t understand how this works in regards to things like arcs between two lines. On top of that, how does it work with items that are not directly centered in the circuit, and/or multiple items on the circuit using power?
Viretasium you're a freak !!
as a computer science major who won’t have any formal education on physics beyond like newtonian physics 1, i’ve decided to start getting a base understanding of electromagnetic physics and circuitry and it’s completely reinvigorated me. stuff like this is enjoyable for me and it’s changed my outlook on learning in the classroom too, it feels much more opportunistic.
i aspire to be smart enough to confidently tell an overwhelming majority of people “i respect your effort, but youre wrong.”
Your clarification in this video is excellent and is so much better than the normal simplistic explanation.
Didn't Tesla say this when he talked about the "skin effect"?
When I was younger I was so fast I could turn out the light and be in bed before it went off. On a serious note, I hope this video inspires a new generation of scientists that revolutionize the way we utilize electricity.
The electrons aren't "pushed along" the wire, other than at about 10 meters per hour. It's waves through the electrons that go from one end of the wire to the other, and not at light speed but at about 90% light speed. I have no idea what the heck Veritasium guy s talking about, and I doubt he does either, seems to be dreaming while wide awake. Light speed huh?
Great video! Three questions: 1. What happens so the voltage rises to it’s full intensity? The field gets stronger and if so, why? 2. What happens with the fields when the battery gets flat? 3. Most importantly: What electrons are we talking about? How does a wire material play a role in the field intensity? We all know that we cannot use dielectric material for conduits. Or can we? Tnx a lot.
Que vídeo maravilhoso.
Electricity results from an interaction between the magnetic and dielectric fields. So, two FIELDS. Electrons most likely do not exist. Let that sink in.
I see the original video as asking a trick question. The answer will depend on exactly how you want to think about the question and what the light turning on would mean.
What would happen if the wires weren't parallel and instead a big 3000000 m circle?
Your explanations have helped me to begin to understand aspects of electricity I never understood as they made no sense to me before.
Vielen Dank für dieses Video. Es ist sehr gut.
10:20 A few questions 1. How long does it take for the charge to build up 2. What happens if you insert the battery into an already closed loop
Now try prove that electron exists!
If a computer’s operation doesn’t depend on changes in physical state, then doesn’t this mean computers of the electronic kind are not machines?
The ​waffle house has found its new host.
Whilst this is a better explanation of the problem than the first and his proposed answer is better explained it still leaves quite a lot of holes. For instance surely the mini power blip is due to simple capacitive and inductive coupling between the conductors which we all know about. I don't see where the conventional explanation for continuous current by net electron drift, induced by the battery voltage, is wrong ? Also there's an implication that due to larger surface, or skin, area a conductor that is star shaped in cross-section would send this mini power blip faster than that of a circular conductor - really ?
If that is the mechanism as in 12:15 then shielding the wire would result in lack of current or lack of current in the 1/c time.
So tesla was correct we can power our world off the natural electric magnetic field of the earth?
Veritasium:  Your explanation of the action of the electrons, conducting wire, and battery seems to be correct.  The speed of response in your wire  and battery experiment is S-S-SLOWER-R-R  than the speed of response of the a Radio wave that also illuminates the light FASTER.
Veratesium: That's right, bitch.
How would the field not interact with another circuits field and cause it’s load to activate?
It is cool learning about the fields. And how they start to become interchangeable with one another in the context of propagating energy
It is frighting all the now misunderstandings now going on, due to videos like this. . .    Tesla would have a fit if he saw many of these comments, and the video.. ..    Even Tesla, many years ago and Faraday knew better than Derek obviously does not.  Ah.!
The people get a shock when touch a live wire ...is it due to electric and magnetic field or the flow of electron
Veritasium or anyone, this is the thing I don’t understand about this. If all the energy travels on the outside, how come when I grab a wire over the insulation I don’t get shocked? I NEED to understand this. When I was jumping a car the other day I was thinking of this video, and I was thinking, if I had to cut into the wire until I’m touching the conductors to get shocked and for the energy to get to me, then how is this how it works? If all the energy really is flowing outside how do I not feel anything? This is the only thing that makes me not believe it. When you plug in your phone to an external battery, how does the energy get into the system unless the electricity flows through the port that its plugged into. Otherwise wouldn’t the plug being snug against the opening block any energy from even being able to get in? This is the only video I’m questioning if its true, (even though it probably is, because he’s incredibly accurate) because logically it doesn’t make sense to me in these scenarios.
wait there is 1 question need to be answered. If the lamp is 2 m away from the switch will it have the current through it reduced by 1/2^2 times? As the thing that induces electric current in the lamp when the switch closed is the radiating electric field so the reactive current should be 1/4 times of that of 1m away.
Thank you
This is how Tesla made his so-called free energy using a extremely good ground and electromagnetic field from the atmosphere graniti still not technically free as there is still cause and effect but you can make electricity from it
Niggas discovering what Tesla did a century ago
Great visuals
Why do you need two wires?  And what causes/forms the lattice?  Instantaneous does not equal the speed of light.  I think that is small part of the confusion.
A bit of a question. If current is carried, directed, by the wire only on the surface and current isn’t carried in the wire, I should think we would expect stranded wire of the same gauge as a solid wire to carry more current with greater efficiency since there is a whole lot more exposed surface area in a stranded wire compared to a solid wire. But the opposite is true, a solid wire has greater current carrying capacity than a stranded wire of the same gauge. The only advantage a solid wire has in this contest is greater total volume of conductive material, albeit with less surface area. But it wins out in current carrying capacity.
Maybe we could somehow create a circuit of sorts from earth to space where it could push spacecraft up through the atmosphere rather than consume so much fuel in the process.
does it means that if there are two unlimitedly long unconnected parallel wires with 1 meter of distance, and one has battery on the center and other one has the Led, still the light would come on in 1m/c second?
But it is a high school knowledge that THE CURRENT FLOWS NOT THROUGH THE BULK BUT THROUGH THE SURFACE (electrons are more free there) no need charges at the surface (it is like impulse of charges)
Back in school, one day the professor said that we would derive Ohm’s law from Maxwell’s equations. You could audibly hear brains die during the derivation. We, the few survivors spent the rest of our lives using Ohm’s law. Kudos to you for both understanding it and explaining it!
but why is it the model on such high stilts? seems like it just makes it harder to work on.
veritasium, how does this process work in a cathode ray tube? Do electrons flow differently in a cathode ray tube than they do in other electronic devices? Can you make a video about this?
I repeat, what I have said before, Derek Muller has got this Wrong. . .  Some of what he shows is correct, but he has misunderstood what he has seen. . . . Electric Current is the movement of Electrons INSIDE the wire. . .  Yes there are fields outside the wire, but they are NOT carrying the energy, they are caused by the Current Inside the wire.. .   We put wires through grounded metal walls and boxes, and the Current still gets inside the box, but the box blocks those external fields. . .  Derek has got this video Wrong.
1m m/s isn’t that faster than light?
If the field crossing the gap because the battery is has already charged the wires, wouldn’t making the switch be whether or not the battery is connected cause the field to propagate through wires first because the opposite side isn’t charged yet?
The one point I find confusing is how the light will turn on even if the wire is broken. Isn't that the same situation before the switch is thrown to the on position? Doesn't battery induce the charge separation via the field the same in both cases? Can someone help me understand this piece? That's about what Derek is explaining approximately at time point  13:19.
great video. thanks!
As a real estate agent the topic has been presented on many occasions ... Living under or very close to those high tension wires...  Does it, or does it not, cause negative effect on the human body, this is left to the general public to decide, no government ruling. Truthfully, after watching your videos, twice, reason and logic depict that the more power those wires distribute, the further away from them that you should be! The density of the magnetic field in those larger wires would certainly disrupt brainwaves and a body that functions on electrical impulses.
You were amazing with your video and explanations! I loved the comparisons with the experts too! No one, (in recent years) has impacted me more than you in the general sense of humanity! (this isnt a gay thing)  Meaning that you were true and genuine in everything that you said, owning up to lackadaisical misstatements... unheard of, in this day and age! These people think that they are all perfect as you know! The circuts and magnetism that you illustrated are real... I connected with you! Vulcan mind meld? Nope, because we are electrical units, it is actually magnetism. I could actually feel you in this video as if I were the one saying it... Your video lit my dark lamp! hahahah! Good people do exist! Thank You Lord!
Remember this guy said electricity & power doesn’t flow through wires……..yet the whole experiment has wires running everywhere to provide electricity & power.
I totally agree
geezus some dude invented an electric generator and some people invented a way to use it but we still dont fully understand how it works??? until now that is.
You like the views.
Now if I get sent back in time to a pre-electricity period I'll be ready
What other lies have I been told by the council?
why  dont you put the wires far away from each other
Wow.
18:40 i want one for free
is this why a light bulb lights up when put near a tesla coil?
I still don't understand electric stuff.
Thank you very very very much for the great video and all the explanations. Really appreciate your work and time.
Counter argument: nuh uh
Great sruff! Any recommendations for further reading? To underdtand better? These are the type of questions Ive asked to electrical engineers with no good answer
I agree with everything you say except the whole concept of electrons or free electrons. If you remove and such so called electrons from copper wire it will cease to be copper in which it doesn't so therefore there is no such thing as electrons. Even Thompson said he might be wrong lol! All this was funded by the power elite as was Heaviside and Lorentz whom were PAID to rewriting of Maxwell's equations which by the way are no longer Maxwell's equations but Heaviside's equations . But i might  add this was a very, very good video well beyond most bufoon's video's.
I honestly think all their reactions are because of the cabal incorrect teachings and when they realize all the money they spent on a so called education was a complete waste of time lol! besides all the people that you showed that reacted to your video are and will still be complete morons in my book lol! I am still laughing at them to this day.
This sounds like another way to describe induction. Transformers work  like this, in that the energy moves from one set of coils to the other without a direct connection.
I am wondering why the bulb still works even if you put it in a Faraday cage. Isn’t it supposed to block electromagnetic fields?
Gradient of charge you mention at 5:45 is in the other words saying that electrons _can be seen as_ pushing, statistically, each other. (They do it across a gap too, of course, and their push is a combination of electric and magnetic field they emit. They can't be simplified so much as to only push electrostatically on directly adjacent electrons inside the wire.)   On 4:45 you somehow pick a slice of atoms to average over and claim the field averages out. Why don't you mention the surface electrons here, which _do_ contribute a net gradient according to you?  I mean that as just tiny incongruities in your presentation. I love this overall, especially a lot if things start to click with the addition of capacitors and the faithful clarification of ElectroBOOM's leakage current tangent.
I have a question, if electricity moves in the electromagnetic field and the electric field in relation to the conducting wire, what happens when the current circulates through the Human Body? Does electromagnetic fields rot and travel at the same speed?
What is the software he is using to do these simulations?
I like these scientist controversies.
So, if I understand that correctly: the few Milliwatts that we see in the first few nanoseconds come from the electric field that travels the 1 m from the battery to the resistor. I would like to see, what results there would be, if the destance was not 1 m, but 2, 5, 10, 50m.. I'd assume the power in mW drops by like "1/4*pi*m" (surface of sphere) and would take more time to be measurable, since the field can only travel by the speed of light.
Great vídeo, love it! Thanks!
Amazing explanation! Thanks
Well this tells me it's not taught correctly.   That's a bit odd.  12/28/22
As Michael Permana wrote, "This… this is what science is all about. Thought experiment, theory, peer review, experiment. Well done everyone."To which I, Peter G   replied: "Micheal, well not so. More correctly stated "the history of science is about the repression of science." However, I applaud this debate and your comment. Now, start thinking about how the Great Pyramid was never a tomb but a gigantic energy source.  Note how 'the science of archaeology' has 'tidied-up' that one and any 'appliance' that may have 'tapped' into this pyramidal source of energy... hint, Tesla knew, and again, note how many ciricula have promoted Tesla's discoveries for the benefit of mankind.  And what about T. Townsend Brown's revelation in 1929 which overturned Newton's Laws of motion.  SAdly, Michael, science is not about discovery, so much as it is about 'power politics'.  Again, I applaud this debate about electrical energy.  Shall be next explore 'implosive' force vs explosive force and which we are still driving industry based on the discoveries of James Watt and steam power... cavitation, etheric energy, weather control, mind control via broadcast phone tower frequencies, etc... are not all hidden, suppressed or used for suppression?"
Yes. That's why power cable meter. Have clip version. Click outside the cable to measure. All those years book are wrong even the +and- in out flow.  But because there are too many booksss that's why never change to correct most human mind. Will make them suicide like break their faith.  They should check out how wireless power up lightbulb similar theory and slowly move away their believing from old books
even the smartest people in the world need to explain things to each other clearly or the latter won't understand.
now this is the real science community where people are engaged over an issue
I want to know what that charge actually is? Like electrons are just masses that have charges in them but what that charge actually is?
Makes sense to me. Are not EMFs all around us??? I might have had it backwards, I thought an electric current created an electric field, but I have always recognized intuitively that um, "fields" of energy exist all around us, and more specifically around technical equipment.
That's an engineer??? Or a babysitter? That Ben Watson?  Is a he a boy genius?? He looks 12 😂
Okay, from looking at the simulations you show, the current which starts flowing at 1/c appears to be around an order of magnitude less than the current which begins flowing once the wavefront makes it all the way through the wire to the light, at t=1.  So yes, "the light turns on once current flows through it" was absolutely weasel words.  Kinda disappointed.
Why did Tesla Not believe in Electrons?
Sorry but what you build a different device from the big one.... And also you have dropped the assumption of INSTANTANEOUS  LIGHT ON...  So stop this nonsense
my issue is... shielding. so if we have shielded wires, it would take longer since we would be relying on the fields travelling through the length of the actual wire and not the fields created outside of the wire?
If everyone in the universe took 4 or 5 massive water b*ng rips and then wandered out on the porch to thing about space and sh*t, we'd have this thing solved
At the same rate the universe is expanding (infinite largeness), the infinite smallness is also occuring.   Particles made of particles made of particles .....   Speed so fast it doesnt move
5:55 tgdtgdtgdt
it would be cool if they normally explained what electricity is (and to be more precise, why) without using crutches in the form of what is inside quarks. although in this case, you also do not solve the problem, but only delay it further and divide it into parts.
Resistivity is inversely proportional to length of wire is counter intuitive.. Can be explained with analogy. I wish to c ur crystal clear explanation.
this just shocking and confusing to me cuz from what i’ve learned in school is that voltage is what pushes electrons
Someone probably already mentioned it, but as an engineer who does Circuits, RF and Transmission Lines, it appears that antenna theory is being blended together with circuit theory.    An antenna is where energy is transmitted out from wires as electo-magnetic waves. Circuits (with wires and light bulbs) is a closed loop system where the electro-magnetic field is contained _within_ the wires. (ie. between the signal path and the ground plane, usually just under the trace on an FR4 board)  In your example, when you say "circuit", every electrical engineer is going to assume a coaxial cable where the energy is fully constrained inside the cable.  Propagation through copper will be slower though at around 66% of c.  That said, it would be great to see a sequel showing the same setup but using coaxial cables.  Sure, a signal delay can easily be demonstrated with just a 3 foot cable, but why not use a mile long behemoth for dramatic effect!  😄
it's impressive how the load goes up to 27-29 volts at the second step before going down again at further steps at the same voltage as the source.
I fell like this works well to describe an AC circuit, especially charges moving, but then how does a DC circuit operate. A DC circuit will only have a charge the second it is created, then what?
Too much information for my mind to understand 😵‍💫
Ok, so what, specifically, is the field?   What is the field without describing the cause as part of the description?
I love when a bunch of know-it-alls gather to scream "wrong", and then Veritasium calmly owns them!! People can't wait to jump on anyone that says something they don't understand, or agree with. But have nothing positive to say any other time.
And that's how you turn pop science channel into Kardashian
Thanks for explaining the depth of how electricity flows and magnetism works!
Wonderul video. I think the biggest mistake you made was, that you said "turn on the lightbulb". People kept saying, no way you will be able to power this lightbulb etc., and they, ofc, where NOT wrong. Use precise and absolute words and never get scientifically critised in the future xD If you say power a lightbulb, you mean power a lightbulb and NOT this mini LED thing xD. Thats probably the only thing, you made wrong (not only in regards to the lightbulb, in general). For example: Never say:"XYZ will not happen.", because if XYZ has a probability of 0,00001%, your statement is wrong. Whenever you disregard very small fractions, mention, that you disregard them, because of this and this reason.
I have since high school had a serious problem with our explanation of electricity and how it operates because it did not make sense. Whenever I told anyone that, they were very defensive of the system so it is a tough path. I also have problems with traditional chemistry and traditional gravity but those are other categories entirely.   Nice work.
Richard Feynman would be happy with that explanation. Maybe.
Derek is very keen to lack of specific detail of what he means/intended, use to get him in a lot of *click-debates* in the past. Energy also among the wires WAVE〰️ slightly over speed of light, & helped his debate, + debunks *Time Delation* mystery(😉) in space *witeless* clocks.
Still wrong: the current that will be induced in the light bulb as a result of the magnetic fields will be negligible, and it will not be enough to turn on the bulb.  At a distance of 1 meter, the effect of the electromagnetic field from the bottom wire on the upper wire will be so negligible than it can be considered zero.  Only after 2 seconds the light bulb will turn on.
Dear Prof. Veritasium, I do a lot of cycling around the countryside and occasionally pass beneath electricity transmission cables that stretch between pylons either side of the road. I always imagine that I can pick up a bit of energy while doing so, especially if I'm on a long ride and feeling a bit tired! I will often make a buzzing sound through my teeth to reinforce the thought. Am I crazy (I suspect so), or is it possible that I could somehow pick up some of the energy that's contained within the electric fields radiating out from those cables? Thanks for another brilliant video.
Aren’t humans effectively batteries? I wonder what we radiate 🤔 this is why I love Veritasium videos.
Shoutout to my EMOP class for my MSE major for making this video actually comprehendible! Amazing job, I'll be sure to share this with my professor.
This is really healing my electrotechnical wounds from way back when I studied the subject.  Very insightful and inspiring research you did there.
Vibrates? Complete circuit magazines it.
Pretentious bastard Hahaha  Funny is all. You'd be great for information if you took the stick out your bum and showed a bit of humility to your fellow scholars that want to prove you wrong.  But you all drama like we trying to watch MAURIE POVICH!  Oh jeeze
Misconception 0: this guy thinks he knows what he is talking about.
From there it's only a smal step to radio  technology.
I think, you forgot to mention material of the conductor. Thicker wire vs thinner wire, big battery vs smaller battery. I may be wrong, but what i think is the electric field intensity has direct correlation with the amount of electron present (thick wire, more material etc) and more charge can be transmitted. Thinner wire having less electron. It get confusing as more electron will also result in more friction in movement of electron and should have more resistance but it's not. Of course, the magnetic field themself doesn't carry any electron but simply push them if they are there in plenty at the first place. So what's creating stronger charge if it's not electron, is it that more electrons from the thicker wires get pushed  by stronger electric field or should we assume that more electrons create more resistance?
To sum it up, the first reaction is that of an antenna for both wires, then once the electrons can go full circle, they behave as a circuit.
Thank you so very much for your video.
we needed this kind of discussion throughout the course or duration of covid
Me like pizza
Wireless charging happens bcz of magnetic flux defined by faradays laws
This is amazing, I did study Electronics at secondary school, and how they did explain to me electricity works, the electrons move from the power plans to the component at your home, I am glad later I saw a video that clarify that point, today I really think Electricity is like Swinging Balls, power plans push Energy in one side, and the other side is consumed, the balls are Electrons, so in reality, the electrons are Swinging in the wires this is how I see and understand Electricity moves.
As someone who thinks bottom up, I needed to see this. I'm no mathematician, so I'm only understanding about half of what this video is talking about, but I was always frustrated by the metaphor of moving marbles for electrons. Teachers would say it's more complicated but never elaborate on it. It makes so much more sense that it's related to the fields
Thank you for the educational videos they are a great help. The way you word things it helps me gain a better understanding of the world around me. I hope you Live long and prosper
Dude YES!!! These are the kinds of studies and experiments we need to progress to where Nikola Tesla wanted us to be! It's in THE FIELDS!!! ⚡
❤❤
The magnetic field moves electrons from one location to another. The electron potential is affected by the strength of the magnetic field. Unless the magnetic field crosses the conductor, the free electrons in the magnetic field remain static. It's similar to a train, in my opinion. When you push one of the train's boxes, the other end moves at the same time, so the distance of the force travels at the same time it is applied.
No no no man, as for me this video is pathetic excuses. Cause if u want prove that electrons dont transfer energy u just could take 2 different wires 1 meter apart...
I'm trying to understand this to help my son (he's 13yo ) but I'm afraid this is all above me.  My son I consider a wiz at all things science.
Great Videos and Feedback Ponderings
antenna behavior
It would be good to explain what happens in the battery when it is charging and only then what happens when it is connected to the circuit and what actually happens in the battery.  A basic principle in electrical engineering that can be applied in life and in solving problems is "look for the defect from the source".  Only thinking about what is happening in the battery will give us the opportunity to realize something that we might be overlooking now, and thanks to this, we will minimize the possibility of introducing an error of reasoning.
LIGO is fantasy, so is the CMB, you all are living in a lie and dont even realize it
I am not convinced any of you people know anything at all
He said load hehehe...
...(and the crowd circles up) "Fight. Fight. Fight."
The better to describe this video as Electricity effects but not how it works. The reason of my words is we don't know what is electricity. We know only effects of it and we can use it in our tools.
Please don’t let frustration caused by others critical disagreements bleed into your content. You taught me that electric is a nod to electrons from this vid. Thanks buddy
Excellent stuff. Now try with a coaxial cable or a regular household twin wire cable! I'm guessing that will behave closer to the simplified view of how electricity works?
If you want a dramatic effect on an audience, give them the wrong answer
Also, the earth is flat and gravity does not prevent the distribution of gases using the 2nd law of thermodynamics.
I’m on board with Derek’s explanation although as I’m not a learned engineer it still tweaks my mellon trying to absorb the spooky electrical principles.  I have one question, if someone may be so kind to answer me:  If shielding is applied, perhaps electrically active opposing shielding to the experiment, would this effect still present itself?  Sorry, another question:  If the field is generated by the surface of the conductor, can we not practically save material in our infrastructure by wrapping copper foil for instance around a cheap insulator, getting the same results?  Thanks.
If the electrons drift at such a low speed, why do electrical effects seem to occur immediately after a switch is thrown, such as when you turn on the room lights? Confusion on this point results from not distinguishing between the drift speed of the electrons and the speed at which changes in the electric feld configuration travel along wires. This latter speed approaches that of light. Similarly, when you turn the valve on your garden hose, with the hose full of water, a pressure wave travels along the hose at the speed of sound in water. The speed at which the water moves through the hose— measured perhaps with a dye marker—is much lower.
Anybody see what they are revealing and the implications, especially with  10's of thousands of satellites
Alpha Phoenix response was very good.
Am I understanding this right? There is a constant field of energy, small but bigger than leakage, between the switch and the device/bulb that is being wasted? On a bigger scale could a huge building route their electrical cables in a certain way and put light bulbs in between them and use that otherwise wasted energy to reduce their overall energy consumption?
you know that feeling when someone totally wrecks your preconceived notions and you feel stupider even after they just explained it to you? Yeah that's me chief.
Okay, thought experiment time.  I'm sure someone has done this one, but I've not heard it, or the answer. Imagine an incredibly long filament like a rod or cable that's a few light seconds long that's both strong and light enough to be either pulled or pushed from one end, say in the weightless vacuum of space where there almost no friction, causing the other end to move at the same time.  Would that theoretically work, and wouldn't that be communication that's faster than light?
So, when will we rediscover Tesla's free energie harvesting from the earth's electro magnetic field or maybe the gravity field or even the energie from the universe  ??
Great follow up video - I watched the original and I have to say the message I took away from it is that energy is transmitted by the fields> I did a physics agree and I don't remember this really been discussed so it was pretty mind blowing. I've been working on a massive HV transmission project and the guys from the electricity transmission company all talk about how they sell electrons so this really made me smile. Thanks and please do keep producing the videos.
Excellent work.   This should have been your original video.  😉
Isn't connecting the battery to the circuit as a default a "flaw" in this model? What if we had two switches on each side of the battery that connected it to the circuit on both sides when selected to "ON".
I saw the original video and enjoyed and learned from it. I thank all the doubters and nit pickers that contribute. That made for one of the best episodes you have  produced. I appreciate you and your collaborators for going the extra mile. I am starting to believe I may have a miniscule understanding. That's what I love about real science and learning. Nobody gets their feelings hurt. They just work harder to prove out their belief in what is fact. Or accept that they were wrong. It is the only way to truth.
The flow of electrons through a wire
No mistake! It was obvious that it was a thought experiment. Though I fully grasped the concept when you added the capacitors and the coils to emulate a transfer line, I was sure from the beginning, though baffled, that you were right! A physicist myself, I always thought of electrical cirquits and electromagnetic fields as separate things, to the point of misconception! I suppose that was the point you intended to make, and you did it very well indeed. Maybe, just maybe, we should teach electricity differently now that we have all the facts and not in this largely historical way. Then again, as you point out, it is more practical. Congratulations!
The charge in the surface it's resulting from causality, there is a need for charge for every conservative electric field. Non-conservative electric fields only exist in dedicated electric machines that generate electric power.
Okay, so when we switch one ceiling light on, why do other lights which have wires stapled running right next to the acting light not also turn on? I'm not trying to criticize the video, having wired multiple houses, I am legitimately confused.
now I have two questions.  1. doesn't this mean that any source of electrical field could light a bulb from 1m away? - my guess is no, because it needs the wires to amplify the field. did I understand correctly?  2. if the energy is carried outside the wires and not IN the wires, why do we only get an electric shock if we touch the wire and not when we are close to electric fields?
EXCELLENT..... 👍👍👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 Nicola Tesla proved it with his wireless electricity transmission tower...he was able to light bulbs over a mile away without using wires...EVERYTHING IS ENERGY....we just have to find a way to transmit it FREE TO ALL
This is the same man who's convinced it is certain that we are causing global warming AKA climate change and that CO2 is bad which it actually is good for the environment if you want to know the scientific facts so since some specific cases this guy is actually directly contradicting scientific fact but that's a different subject
I feel sorry for this guy's students he's confusing them
An appropriate device see that's vague that's the problem with this guy he leaves two conclusions that are very specific but he uses vague language and vague descriptions for how we got there this is not scientific this is you know what you would not get your PhD if this is the way you conduct your experiments
I'm not an engineer so i don't understand why tf you couldn't put "the experiment" at the ground level and climbed it so high. I'm just curious. Thank's.
Meanwhile chemists explain current by electron hopping, bruh.
The demonstrations from the HFSS software provide the best explanation of the "Ghost Voltage" that electricians sometimes encounter when testing household wires with a non-contact voltage tester.
FYI, this is why there are such high standards for double grounding and certificates of authenticity for the alloys used in hospital-grade metal-clad cable, those fields along the not connected wires can do weird things to pacemakers and ultrasensetive microvolt medical measuring equipment.
Well, I'm just a confused as before... but now on a higher plane, and about more important things.
21:40 "the energy of the circuit is on the field"
Why so many commercial breaks?
Just imagine a cantilever...(Edit - Lever acting like a simple machine on a pivot) Input and output are simultaneous. Zero time between energy flow. This is what happens between the two different potential points.
What a crappy experiment... DSO is capable of nano sec measurement. But it's sampled and never realtime.  Please... Leave the area of electricity to people who have spent their life on it.
Sir, you are wrong... It takes zero second.
So that’s why sometimes the led light stays on when the circuit is turned off.  That’s fire! Right?
I suppose your point is similar to the way a strong electric field around power lines can allegedly cause a fluorescent light to glow.  I’m not sure if that’s true but I guess the field should be detectable in some way even though there are no wires connecting the power lines to the fluro (or whatever you use to detect the field).
Rick Hartley said, “when you rout a trace”? The captions said, “when you route a trace”. Which is it? Do you rout traces or route them? The “ou” in “rout” is pronounced like that in “grout”, which is what he said, while the “ou” in “route” is pronounced like that in “group”.  Different words. Different meanings. Different spelling. Different pronunciations.
so it basically works kinda like a searle generator
OK next how to generate the electric field without a power source or battery. /s or not? I got lost in your explanation but what I did pick up is that a field is what is generated by A battery, maybe there is a way to generate that field, maybe magnetism to some extent. I wonder if some brainiac watches this and thinks ureka and realises it is easy.
This kind of throws a wrench into the Left Hand and Right Hand Rule for Motors and Generators and the direction of current flow then.  Will be fun watching them trying to explain that one away :)
Does this prove that the Electric Universe !?
The one thing that bumps me is if some small amount of charge passes through a circuit with a broken wire why does it not do it when the switch is off??
No you did NOT need to do a better explanation.  Making everything absolutely perfect, breeds absolutely lazy people.  We WANT people to say NO, we WANT people to challenge current narrative, and say, oh wait a minute...  The purpose was to get people to think, to study and LEARN.  TRULY LEARN, because they now understand HOW it works, and not just because they memorized some tidbit some professor said somewhere some years ago.  Often times, genuine engagement of individuals in a situation, is a much more important lesson being learned than the actual 'tidbit' that is being proven or disproved.
This is the path I believe Tesla was on in the late1800s...I have been having similar arguments with people myself but was unable to provide proof because each individual has the wrong ideas of how electricity can flow.....why are people stuck on these ideas....there is so much we just don't understand because of tunnel vision! In my opinion. Thank for the amazing work you are doing! You are an excellent guide!
Can you please apply this to gel electrophoresis where charged molecules migrate in an electric field.
Good job. Perhaps there are more people now who begin to comprehend how, in other portions of the frequency spectrum, antennae and waveguides work; maybe why skin depth in a conductor is an important parameter; maybe why even an inductive ammeter can measure current through the insulation, without any physical contact with the conductive material…
Mrm I kinda think a) you're right, fields transmit current etc but b) pretty sure original question was about the length of the circuit and time for the current to reach the load: so you're not wrong, but you've both explained how electricity works but also kinda found a technicality in the answer to original question by placing the load a meter from the battery, and therefore able to be affected by the field across a distance before it's affected by the field propagating through the wire... Do a third video answering the question for a light year wide loop that is in the shape of a circle lol. Also wondering how wire shielding of various thicknesses affects that initial current
Wow! This was way more in depth than I learned about circuits for my engineering degree. When you brought up the lumped element model it all clicked!
Due to simplification you made a ‘mistake’ .. well at thousands of schools the simplified message that passes is that electricity flows as a river so I guess you can be wildly justified if you didn’t go enough in depth
So,it's gremlins what give us electricity. Got it.
What if the switch and the light bulb are 100 meters away? They are still connected with a 300000km long wire? Will the light bulb even turn on?
Hi, I don't know if this is a silly question, I just started learning this an hour ago. How are the protons and electrons put into the wire? Are they stored within the battery? And I didn't understand how the current could work if you took out a part, but not work if you opened the switch. Can you explain please?
truly mind-blowing. Great video.
Even tho I dont understand like 70% of it, I watch this because of the animations and his storytelling capability.
My head hurts......
Still a bit misleading, a light that you can barely see in a dark room is not a lit light therefore that light did not turn on almost instantly.
Im confused, if its really all in the fields then how do circuit boards not go haywire??
we enjoyed it alot 😁
OK, I've watched both videos and still want to know why the bulb in my bedroom glows dimly always when off? It looks same as the bulbs you used in both vids yet is always somewhat on and very annoying. I don't recall incandescent bulbs doing this, is it normal?
The debunkers left the chat after watching this video 😂
So suppose the wires are completely encased in copper tubes or otherwise completely shielded??   Or if you fully shielded the wiring, connections and the scope (fully shield the system)??   Does that change the timing??    The original video on this topic indicated the light would come on based on the timing of the speed of light over the spatial distance between power source and light because the fields propagate through free space.   But if you constrain the fields to the path of the wires does that change it??
Why did it need to be so high off the ground?
It's funny how this guy is next making click bait videos oh wait it's not. It's money to him.
This is STILL misleading.  Your claim should only be that a closed circuit will generate an electromagnetic field that can induce a small but measurable current on the load.  This is different than the primary driver of the circuit which does in fact have to travel the full length of the wire and is limited by c.  The only reason this initial pulse happens quickly is because your source and your load are close to each other.  If you put the battery at one end and the load at the other, you will find that not only is the initial pulse many magnitudes smaller but the current will not start flowing any sooner than light can travel that same distance.
Spoiler alert: electric motors are real and spark-plugs work.
primer field experiments. Search for it and study it and it will save you a lot of time listening to quacks that proclaim themselves scientists
Much of your claim is debunked by the existence of capacitors.  We'll wait for Part 3
Zillions of electrons?! And I was thinking there's but one electron in the whole universe transfering between space and time at 'will'...  Edit: when measured of course, otherwise it is just prabability.
Ooo.   Very cool
Westinghouse has entered the chat
But, what if the wire, instead of going out in a straight line next to the returning path . . . follows a circular path . . . The 'transmission line effect' would be minimized, and we should get a more 'pure' delay. . . It seems setting it up that way would minimize the 5V jump before the full 18V is realized.  Rick Hartley is quite correct, especially as it applies to high current DC transients and AC power and applications where higher frequencies and high speed data transfer are involved.
Understanding Maxwell's equasions and the result it brings can take a whole degree course... and even after that it is not guaranteed that you understand it fully :D
still rather shaky physics there
Amazing! No wonder I couldn’t understand electricity at school.  It’s because huge amounts of information were missing.  In fact most of the facts were missing.  However, most of the scientists who studied these properties were also seeing only a small part of the puzzle, but it didn’t stop them trying to figure it all out.  Thanks to you all for contributing.
Bless the Fields of the Universe ..lol
Watched this while high, understood both everything and absolutely none of it
kinda makes me think of Tesla
I think this is cheating. If he claimed that the lightbulb turns on, he had to show it. After watching another videos debunking this, the conclusion is that the lightbulb in the other side would get some electricity as he claims, but that wouldn't be enough to turn on the light bulb until the electricity travels all the circuit.
The inspiring moment is when people are trying to "debunk" you, you're pretty happy, because you see people are engaged with this problem. I think this is one of the core values all teachers must have. A teacher does need to be right, but the priority should always be on engagement rather than correctness.
Veritasium you the best channel for knowledge
42
The passage of current via the magnetic field looks very much like quantum tunneling.?
Energy is not a physical object, it's a relation. Energy associated with something is always relative to something else (thermal and other stochastic processes are a bit tricky). That is why we cannot tap to the "zero point energy".  Asking how energy flows is akin to asking how love flows. When I call my girlfriend, does the love flow by the wires (or wire-less)? Having said that one question begs to be asked: doe's the light speed limit apply to love?
"I have a thesis, you have a thesis, from the clash of these theses a synthesis is born, and knowledge rises." "Yo tengo una tesis, tu tienes una tesis, del choque de esas tesis nace una síntesis, y el conocimiento se eleva."  Thanks Veritasium
Since this is all about correcting mistakes and dialog between scientists, I'd like to point out that you are using the word 'causality' when what you meant was 'locality'.
explain how wind farms produce power and supply power to homes interestate
Reading about the history of electricity and how those that discovered much of what we understand today thought about things was a real eye opener for me. Magnetism seemed to always be considered connected, even before it was demonstrated. How things work like generators and motors, are far more intuitive if we better understand the intrinsic connection rather than electrons moving through a circuit (at least, IMO).
A few simple Electrical fundamentals.      Electrical Current is the flow of Electrons inside the conductive wires.       Current inside a wire will produce a circulating Magnetic field around that wire for a few mm, its strength proportional to the Current in Amps.       Current, that is the on average, movement of electrons down a wire is due to and proportional to the voltage or PD difference between the beginning and end of that wire.   A wire with voltage on it will have voltage gradient or field between it and other conductive surfaces.    But neither this rotating Magnetic field or the Voltage field anything significant to do with the current flowing down inside the wire, you can feed this wire into a screened metal box or through a grounded metal wall, completely eliminating the earlier external fields and the current still flows through the wire.     Electrical power is not driven by fields, but do form fields of their own.
this is a very cool video because of the wireless power aka when Tesla used the earths electric magnatism and fields and his towers to light lightbulbs on a beach. also control a rc boat wirelessly without a battery. look it up.. he was so ahead of his time for things like this but its fun to think about the possibilities we could do today too.
So, there is a field all across the circuit due to charge gradients which causes the light bulb to turn on?
@15:00 re outside the conductor vs inside the conductor~  why then the difference (if true) of DC vs AC (skin effect)?
Sooo...is there yet another video coming that shows a lightsecond long circuit where there's NOT a negligible distance between the two wires anywhere along it?
All this could just be easily explained  by the ohm's law, the current is proportional to the electric field applied thru the material. If you make the conductor an ideal conductor then all kinds of weird explanations are done after this assumption. As your circuit is a series circuit the overall average current is proportional to the entire resistance of the materials connected to the battery.  My credentials: electronic engineer with 40 years plus experience and deep knowledge of physics electronics.
Lightning is a wireless system...
This is a good description of piezoelectric remodeling of bony material, i.e. a stressed bone and periosteum that instigate osteoprogenitor cells which make new bony tissue (over simplified description)
Makes me think of field-based propulsion systems not involving electricity, with no heat generated.
i hve phd but i know little😢
Way better video than the first one, glad you did this, though wish something like this one had been the original
We humans overcomplicate everything...
I am kind of convinced now it's an affect through another dimension!, You're explaining on the level of what's going on in our brain circuits which means our human brain can't comprehend beyond of what's it's made of, like a bacteria trying to comprehend the essence of human being! Or maybe there is more to it...where is your soul!
Good job veritasium. ....surely the current sets up due electric field which sets up in wire at the speed of light but the electric field may set directly at the other part of wire....very basic but hidden to many .....amazing
Wow!  The first video confused me to death.  But now I get it.  Not because I already knew so much, but because I knew so little.  The net result of all these different models and simulations explained it to me in very clear and simplified terms. So your two videos combined are a great success!
Thank you for making this follow up video Derek 😊
This complicates things for me. That's explaining a mysterious thing with a more mysterious thing.  And what actually is magnetic and electric field is it an effect through another dimension?!
This seems to be a very elaborate, overly complicated and clickbait-y way to say that induction exists. But was a fun ride, gotta admit.
Can anyone clarify? If energy is actually transferred via the electromagnetic field (in and around the wire) rather than the electrons inside the wire, why do we get electrocuted only if we touch the live wire?
Is this where things like radiation come from. Essentially my question is if you have all three of those fields and light up the lightbulb are you also left with radiation that also emits from the field.
Who bought this ?
The fact that a closed circuit creates a field that transfer energy to an unconnected wire, does not explain how a not closed circuit creates the same field and transfer the same energy to the same wire.
I still don’t get it. And I’m pretty smart. 🤷🏻‍♂️
this video is like the movie Inception, if you understood it the first time you're a goddamn liar.
A friend of mine, scientist is almost understatement, but she once told me that error is not so much the exception, but is the rule, that most understanding happens after realising error somewhere in the analysis and it is there where real learning and insight takes its proper place. Good job, and I know it had to have felt great with so many responses from the many incredible individuals, and the helps from the software models, truly makes a difference when visualising events and the effects involved. Thanks, again for a wonderful time from your channel.
Do a video about charging an auto battery for the car, 12vDC, except indicate what happens when 'charging' up the 'dead' battery someone else hooks up the jumper cables.....'BACKWARDS' and doesn't realise it until less worse case, the cables connections start smoking, and dependent on the level of all points involved from charged engine running battery to attempt to jump, or charge dead battery ernough to try to start the engine with its dead battery.   hooked up in reversed polarity.
You are right but you are wrong.  The reason your bulbs turned on by the electric field is because you made your electric wire made of exposed thick copper. 1:35 If it was insulated, the light bulb would not even get a tiny current to turn on the LED. Because the electric field produced by the surface charge is so weak. Therefore, your experiment was so tricky. Because in that situation, the electric wire was clearly insulated. On the contrary, the electric field spreading into the air is inversely proportional to the square of the distance, so the bulb will be brighter if it gets closer than 1m.  And one more,  In your experiment, if you assume that the electrical conductivity of the wire is infinite,  it also should be assumed that the electrical transfer rate of the air is 0. Then the electric field cannot be delivered to the air. Therefore, in the experiment, the bulb is turned on after 1 second.  Except for these assumptions, your experiment is nothing more than just measuring the speed of the electric field through two objects at 1m.
I don't get it
I wonder if anybody here has heard of a man named Nikolai Tesla he wanted to create Tesla towers across the world that would essentially be doing this creating an electro field which would power everything wirelessly and it has been proven to work but we all know why we don't have them
Good deric
To summaries "pointing vectors travel through the space between conductors not from battery to bulb".
This is what angers me about science education in schools. The information students are being taught isn't even correct.
Put the switch on one end of the battery and reverse in 2nd experiment, time of completing the circuit remains the same.
If the bulb light base on its distance from the batery,  regardless of the length of the wire , how come does a bulb, connected,  light and not another put next to it (not connected to the wire)  Would like to understand , but i am still confuse on field carrying energy but that it still target specific device.
So then what happens if the wires in this experiment are sheilded???  (Shielded magnetically and electrically)
I convinced.
Inverted Transfer Energy is realistic sustainable electrical energy to maintain the battery bank charge for the off-grid renewable energy system to keep the electrical energy on even during extreme weather events. Inverted Transfer Energy is by no means mechanical perpetual motion free energy BS, over-unity, zero-point energy, or anyone’s theory in any type of media. Unfortunately, people do not clearly listen when reading what is being said, in the matter of how it was worded in layman's terms; they read into what is being said instead.  Why is everything always said to be impossible until it happens?  “Without the process of just reasoning, there is no truth, there is no moving forward, progress becomes impossible to achieve.” I am a retired engineer dyslexic thinker. There is extensively more to physics than humanity understand.
Why wouldn't another bulb light up if you put it right next to the first one?
Comprehension and conception are NOT mutually exclusive terms. Your explanation is complex simplicity... and almost complete. The word "fields" is vague. Even Einstein did not know what the "fabric" actually was. Trillions of neutrinos are everywhere... travelling in every direction...through everything... every millisecond... everyday. Now, go and tell the world that YOU discovered what gravity is. 😉
I liked how you brought such sophisticated topic from universities classroom to the public!
My simple Solution / Answer to the flow of Electricity is the example of a Diesel Generator Set. The DG Generator Set has a Diesel Generator and a Alternator. The Alternator has 2 - components namely a Stator and Rotor. The Stator is a Stationery magnetic component which encircles the rotor . The rotor composed of series of copper coils. The rotor is connected to the DG Set by a Shaft. Thus when the DG set runs the rotor also rotates along with the shaft with around a rpm of 300 or so. When the DG Set is in switched off state,  there is a constant flux or lines of forces between the Stator and the Rotor. When the DG Set is switched on , these flux lines between Rotor and Stator are cut and thus the electricity comes out of the DG Set through the conductor. The static flux between the Stator and Rotor is the energy at the stable state which is not doing any work, but a disturbance in this state of the flux causes the energy to destabilize and after this destabilization the energy stabilizes itself by doing the required work i.e glowing a light, running a motor, running a train etc. Thus it is the flux which carries the electrical energy.
If he simply took a florescent tube near a high voltage line and showed it glowing, this would have been a great intro that fields provide the energy, not wires.
So, are then the electrons flowing through the wires, or just vibrating, and at what speed?
So, if you use the idealized assumptions, then what is the behavior of the limit as you let the the length of the lines go to infinity?  I.e. two parallel wires with no connection.  Will there be a small initial jump followed by a larger jump?  Will the jump sizes change?  Will the time delay change?
Derick.  Do this again, but cool the copper conductor down with liquid nitrogen.  😀
Congrats. You explained how antennas 📡  work. Everything is an antenna. If you impedence match them you can dump more energy into that bulb.   Mirrors are antennas, antennas are antennas, plasmas are antennas...  Good show.
Love this. You’re a genuine guy 👍
Now for the video on how electron guns really work!
This is so awesome, especially using Ben Watsons simulations.
這樣有點狡猾，汽車電池和LED燈泡不像是傳輸線理論實驗會出現的東西。
“so behind me we have a wire that is 1 light second long…”
Thank you for putting my Legos together.
I love how much of a flex it is to just casually bring in people who are MUCH bigger deals in science than Derek or anyone arguing with him.
I can understand most of it, also think it’s very agreeable… but am stuck at capacitors and semiconductors. Stuck at seeing them in field perspective. Maybe it just takes some time, if somebody can point me to a nice book/YT movie etc, please do!
I didn’t uderstand this the first time and I don’t now 🧐🙄
Can someone PLEASE update on NASA's LISA project? I've heard of nothing since.
My question is, how will the measurement result change if you put a switch on both sides of the battery and they turn on at the same time? Can you make a video or comment about it?
Could there be that there is at all time billions of billions (even more) magnetic fields of everything interacting with everything in the universe, but the interaction of the vast majority of it is infinitesimaly small, and only the magnetic field of interactions that are about to happen or are happening can be measured?
what happens if the wires are fully shielded?
What would happen if the transmission lines were a perfect circle the same length?  Not 1 meter apart.  Same time till the light comes on?
I subscribe to the surface charge density model. My question is there a surface charge gradient for super conducting materials? If so how? The reason there is a gradient on a real wire is that there has to be an Efield in the wire. This means there has to be a potential drop across the wire from point to point. This happens when the wire is a real wire and has resistance. But how would it happen in a SC wire which has no potential drop along the wire. Is there only a surface charge at the points of contact with the battery and/or components?
The end got rather vague, and wrong conclusion. . .  But in essence, the Switch On results in a pulse or Wave, and electrical waves travel at about 0.6C, faster than a steady current will. . .  So he got confused and thought that meant the power went across through the fields across the 1m gap.. . But no it did not. .. . The Magnetic field due to Current INSIDE the wire would only effectively reach out a few millimeters. . .    The Voltage field is completely different, and in this case, nothing to do with the Current, but simply associated with the actual battery voltage, could perhaps be detected again just a few mm from the wire. . .   But Neither of those fields have anything what so ever, in causing, making or allowing the Current inside the wire, to flow inside the wire. . .  He, and others, have that completely wrong. . .  A little knowledge and poorly conducted research can often lead to wrong conclusions.   .  We often run wires into grounded metal boxes, that will stop all external fields, yet the current in the wire, still gets inside the box.
i really appreciatiate your effort sir
This video just goes to show that no one know how electricity works and are just mimicking what others have said. A great example is the theory of the environment being electrically neutral, this is false.
You.... realise this is what Nicola Tesla was trying to explain with his talk about his fields carrying energy and wireless transmission ?
Indistinguishable from magic
Video with too many ads…☹️
If the circuit is open, then would you only see the lower voltage?
As a person with a degree in electrician, I can tell you that Ohms word is Ohms law.
I cannot ask for a salary hike now 😄
Electrical diss track
This YouTube medium is not good for a conversation.. .  So I suggest keep it simple, Derek's video is WRONG..   The electricity flows INSIDE the wires as moving electrons, yes, producing very small external E and M fields, perhaps just a few cm but NOT carrying or causing the electricity to flow. . . He is very Wrong on that.
Great video and explanation, but here's an engineer with a question. At 9:40 you wonder how the rate of elections entering and leaving the battery could be equal if the battery was adding kinetic energy.. A similar confused question was asked by someone stating that the heart is not a pump because the velocity of the blood (he meant to say mass flow rate) was the same at the inlet and outlet. Clearly, the mass flow rates must be equal if matter is not created or destroyed. Thus, it's the wrong question. With the blood, the *pressure* is higher at the outlet, and that is what defines the heart as a working pump. So what is the electrical analogy to fluid pressure? Voltage? Or is this again the wrong question?
@Veritasium you missed the core reason why I was confused around causality from the first video. (You actually did cover the answer to it here, but you missed why it was confusing).  In your first video you said it lights up at 1/c seconds because that's the distance between the battery and the bulb. It's actually because that's the distance between the switch and the bulb. Or, and I'm not great at this so could be wrong, whichever distance is greater (battery to bulb or switch to bulb).   This is the causality break. In your video 1 example there's nothing stopping you moving the switch to the furthest point on the wire (0.5 light seconds away). Then, turning the switch you claim would light the bulb in 1/c seconds, transferring the information that the switch was turned on faster than the speed of light. Because the distance from the battery to bulb is unchanged.  In this second video you correct this by stating that the charge on the outside of the wires is also propagating from the switch at the speed of light, therefore fixing this causality break.
Impedance? is that the same as "resistance"?
How complex is the field distribution in integrated circuits? Any control on the field effect on the electron dynamics through circuit design  being done. Gives your answers
What if the bulb and the switch are also separated by ½ light second (making a 1 light second square circuit)?
Hi, your Video is great - great entertainment and great educational work because it brings my students to ask and ask and ask. You say energy is transferred by the electromagnetic field - or better by a single electromagnetic wave or al least only one pulse. So why you don't go on to dipole antenna resonance, witch easily can transfer enough energy to light a single bulb in the center of a receiving dipole. It's a standard experiment at the beginning of learning about radio waves.  And the importance of resonance for all phenomena in electricity and quantum mechanics in my opinion ist often underestimated.  You did a great video about synchronisation a year ago. Go on and bring it together!
The previous video made my head hurt. And this one doesn't help. :)
Science replaces private prejudice with public verifiable evidence -rd
You know how electricity actually works? Please look after yourself because you are the only person in the world who does.
Please contact us.
I am confused I think, but isn't the electric field the same as a magnetic field.  Electric flow causes a magnetic field?
Thank you for this! This is sup[er duper cool. I understand electric field A LOT more now. But one question: what causes the bulb to light up all the way after that initial spike in the current if the energy is in the field? Like what is that second spike about?
You should also be proud about the opportunity you gave other content creators with your misleading example lol
A great explanation of how electric guitars work.
My physics 2 class used this textbook and this is exactly what i learned in EM. great video.
why do you need to set up your experiment so far up off the ground??
nice
This is wonderful.  Thank you. And Ben
Love the editing
Although some things in this video is not true, science only evolves through errors and countless mistakes
Notice that when there is work behind scenes to be done, it's always guys. But when the guy star thanks people, it's always the wife/gf that's never seen working? Eh, maybe she does Shrodinger's work.
What are the fields made up of? And how does it all know where it's place is?
I'm ok if magic is the only answer
Why do the electrons care how fast light moves.  What if they want to move faster.  Also what's faster light or speed of dark.  Does light slow down ever losing momentum... If not... How?
I love your videos thank you very much! 😁✌️⚡
Something I'm still having trouble visualizing, even though this was an awesome video series that explained a ton, is that there is some flow of electrons up to the positive side of the circuit to try and neutralize the positive charge in the wire from the electron pool coming away from the surface of the wire. So my question, and i apologize if im way off base...where do these electrons go? Do they just chill in the wire after equalizing the charge? Do they enter the positive terminal of the battery and replace the electrons in the reaction PbO2->PbO+ plus H20? Because, unless I'm waaay off base, wouldn't that just recharge the positive terminal, therefore reforming PbO2, therefore a battery never loses its voltage, therefore the circuit lasts forever? I'm not even sure what I'm asking anymore at this point lol
This is the best video in the world.
Oh now I know how EMPs actually shutsdown electrical components so it doesn't work. It disrupts the electrical field on the wires so the electrons can't flow in one direction.
Why does my LED doesn't go on when I put it next to my batry?
Not sure you could actually make this understandable..... lol... I spent my life afraid of electricity... went to college for Electrical Engineering.... once I "got it," I dropped out and became an Electrician... (true story.) I've tried to explain it to ELECTRICIANS NEARING RETIREMENT....(I've got a couple DECADES to go...) they tell me I'm batpoop crazy and should be an "engineer."
It is the impulse which carries the current through the electrical field. And this impulse has nearly a velocity of speed of light. 2nd semester of electrical engineering 🤔
Is this the same concept that Nikola Tesla was attempting to use to provide wireless electricity?
I remember about a year ago being at a bar on the west side of times square I met an electrician that was in the Union in New York City and he told me that electricity does not flow in those wires it flows in the air and that you could easily check this by holding a light bulb up on a stick and holding it near the transformer. The wires are just there so they know what to charge the customers.
Most people are getting confused with AC and DC here. The input pulse here is DC ( which is an AC with 0 frequency). In simple terms during transient state( When just switched on) the current can flow through the capacitor and charge it for a short interval of time. The current also flows through the main circuit and finally through the resistor. So for a short amount of time there is a spike in the voltage across the resistor due to both the capacitor and the source voltage.   At steady state current can no longer flow through the capacitor in case of DC due to infinite reactance and current only flows though the remaining circuit. So the voltage across the resistor becomes equal to the source voltage.  This experiment has nothing to do with electromagnetic induction that happens with AC which is how all transformers, motors, generators, wireless charger, and induction stove etc works.  My explanation has nothing to do with EM wave theory which is different and this is just from a perspective of basic network theory.
This video only confused me.  Was an Apprentice Electrician for a year.  This pretty much deconstructs Ohms Law from what I can tell and doesn't make much sense in that regard.  If you were referring to Nikolai Teslas experiments on being able to power a remote controlled object between two tesla coils without a direct connection though it would in theory make sense.  Still Confused though and rumor had it Teslas work was poached and he was whacked.  So....yea not really sure what to think.
THE best explanation in the world that I know of, incredible & unreal, tks, biggie, major motion.
If you would have made the example having the circuit (path of the conductors) assuming you are using a wire which is a superconductor (no resistance) and the path the of the circuit is a circle (minimizes the effect of capacitance and transference due to electromagnetic field) then your example may be correct.
" This (explanation) shall too pass (debunked)".
Isn't this just a demonstration of electrical induction? That current flowing in the wire near the switch creates a field that induces current to flow in the wire near the bulb? Consider 2 related experiments (I would love to see these demonstrated): 1. There's a discontinuity in the circuit at a point furthest from the bulb and switch (10m away). I would guess the current stops flowing after 10m/c seconds - the point at which the field reaches the discontinuity and has nowhere left to travel) and the bulb/resister turns off. 2. 2 complete parallel circuits with length 10m, one with the switch and a resistor/bulb, one with just a resistor/bulb which is measured. When the switch is turned on in circuit 1, current flows and will continue to flow. Does the resistor/bulb in circuit 2 remain in the "on" state with the lower current as measured in the initial experiment in the initial phase, before the current flows through the full circuit? I would guess that is the case as well.
Wasn't this already demonstrated in some way by Tesla?
Another useful illustration of how the field is more important than the circuit is old car engines that fire the spark plug using points, a coil, and a rotor and distributor cap; this setup has the battery and switch on an entirely different circuit than the spark plug (though coupled all transformer-like by fields in the coil), and yet for decades it was what people counted on to keep their spark plugs firing so their cars could run (though this was eventually replaced with electronic ignition, because microcontrollers and transistors can do a better job at timing ignition than a mechanic with a screwdriver and strobe fiddling with point and rotor angles).
Hi, thanks for creating these extremely educative videos. I know I am late to this video, but I do not have formal backgrounds in electrical engineering or physics, and I would appreciate it tremendously if you @Veritasium or someone could further clarity about the "causality" criticism. Of course the terminology is not precise, it's simply an argument that information should not be able to travel faster than the speed of light. So from my understanding, it seems that the light/LED will "dimly turn on" (with the above-background level of induced current through it) roughly 1m/c after closing the switch, and if the entire circuit is closed, it will "fully turn on" after 1 second? And if the circuit is broken at the far end (0.5 light sec away), the light will still "dimly turn on" almost instantly but will go off (instead of "fully turn on") after about 0.5 sec (or a little longer), so no "causality" is broken (I'm also borrowing the imprecise terminology here), is this roughly what will happen? And I was naively guessing the light goes off after about 0.5 sec (or a little longer) in the latter case because it takes the electromagnetic (EM) wave 0.5 sec to reach the far end where the broken point lies, and then further induction of EM fields cannot proceed as in a complete circuit, and after a while the energy flow dies down. Is my understanding correct? If all the above is correct, what remains unclear to me is what makes the light "fully turn on" in contrast to "dimly turn on". Again, thank you so much.
The plot thickens
Makes sense, it's like High Frequency start on a TIG welding machine I guess.
... wow this is something that blew me away.
its about efficient power delivery by wire
So zero is not zero if you add even a nutrino, just divide the zero, it looks like those little balls are dancing to a good tune......🙂🙃
I'm not an engineer but would be really interested if you designed an expert and published the results. I think you should go for it if you haven't already started.
How you explain transformer working through this phenomenon
The voltage difference between a wire ,just take it 110 v and anothe conductor place 10 cm away from this and dielectric strength of air by any means become too low to transmit energy. How you explain this by you phenomenon
Please explain short circuit through this
My man!
Thank you for taking the time to do this experiment and explanation. I am currently a student studying ELY w/Renewable Energy @ New England Institute of Technology, and will surely be sharing this with my cohorts.
What happens when a  insulator covers the wires blocking the elec field?
Me as a student who did not finish grade 8 this is to fabulous for me and a hint on what i am going to learn in the upcoming years  although some of these terminologies and some equations that i did not understand but this video is going to help me in coming years thx vertasium  ❤
My whole life was a lie
I'm confused how does DC versus AC affect this? I've heard DC described as extremely low frequency AC.
Are the zeros and ones values are voltages and current in computers.. I hardly confused with that.. Can you explain please?  If you could make a video about it.. Will do better understanding
So, then why won't a disconnected battery light up an Light-Emitting Diode from a distance?
Total respect.  To accept the first video was deficient and then explain what was wrong.  We need politicians like this.  😂
What happens when the inductor is added between bulb and battery at about 0.5m away?
If you are right then can you light up a closed ckt have a led near generator ??
Definitely not your fault. It's typical of some  people to miss the forest for the trees when it came to the first video. Instead of appreciating the main point of the video, the quibble on nigh-meaningless details that was not emphasized ON PURPOSE.
Do you think it was harder for Tesla to harness DC or harder for Edison to create AC
Science at work: You have to love how the scientific and engineering communities responded to the thought experiment by testing their knowledge and assumptions with experiments then shared their results.
So this how *nerds* dissed each other 😂🤣
So is the surface area more important than the core of the wire in terms of getting higher ampage through the circuit and would it light the bulb quicker? i.e. would a hollow larger diameter wire (effectively a tube) world better than a smaller solid wire with the same mass??
To be honest ..... what is the answer then? Ok, there is induction .... but how about creating round circuit with 1C wire length?:) Can we even accurately say when it was light up? Due to relativity? And can we even if it is just 1 meter away? Hm?:)
Another knowledge that I would never understand and use
Thanks again.
You explained all the parts of electricity.  But if the energy is only carried in the fields, how to you get shocked if you touch a bare wire, when the energy is not in the wire?
Electric field comes from the battery. (In a simple DC circuit)    But what about in our homes?  Are the fields generated by the power station or sub-station?  Or other?   Can anyone help!??!
I highly highly commend you for the corrections and clearing up all misconceptions. To be quite frankly honest, I never thought about electricity in that way. Your video gave me a much more fundemental understanding of how electricity works, cheers!
My new (elekton) elekticity says that electricity aint due to drifting electrons, it is due to photons (elektons) hugging the surface of the Cu.  The elektons propagate in the insulation (if any) in which case they propagate at the speed of light in the plastic, about 2c/3.   On bare wires the speed of elekticity is 3c/3. A good conductor is a substance that a photon can hug, eg all metals are goodish conductors i think. The hugging is strong if there are free-ish conduction elektrons in the wire --  Cu has 2 such elektrons per atom.  Elektons don’t reflect, they do a U-turn at the end of the wire. Actually, elektons go straight ahead, it is the surface of the Cu that duz the U-turn.  If u measure the speed of elekticity along a threaded rod u will find that the time taken is longer than for a plain rod, the difference being exactly the extra distance up & down over the threads. U should do a youtube about this. Your welcome.
Happy brithday to you  Good job Doctor Derek Maller
What is going on with his hair in this video?
My comment to you is that if I take a strong magnet! I can generate light thru a light bulb by simply passing it near the bulb!  Ok so I agree with you totally however I differ with what is actually carring the useful electricity!  Which I would say is actually the magnetic field either repelling in some fashion or attracting in some fashion!  The force that pulls them together acts on these electrons in some fashion to pull or push them causing the release of of said current!  But I'm a dummy that cant spell carrying so don't take my word for it!  LMAO
What then is the effect of EM fields generated by the current on digital information that is transferred via electrical lines? How are computer chips and their circuit boards engineered to avoid interference from the fields on lines that are so extremely close together?
There was no fire started therefore the experiment is invalid!  I my day at university ..................
Ok so this is just an apology video 📸
Please answer how the fuse is blown when the current exceeds the limit through the wire?
Great!
WHAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND is that if electromagnetic waves are transverse waves & can travel without a medium (e.g. through a vacuum) then why aren't they guided by an insulator ?
I had no idea this is how electricity worked. I knew Maxwells equations were related, but thought it was abstract theory that linked to electricity...wow. thank you. This depth helped me understand.
!
Energy is transmitted in the electrical and magnetic fields. So everything I learned in Transport is BS?  😂
I searched this energy query in Quora and almost 90% are in the support of this theory
I fully support this theory To demonstrate the fields can't we use electric field detectors just to map the matrix of electric field around a circuit
Trees communicate with each other wirelessly, and ancient civilizations knew it. When they say that the forests are alive, they're not just talking about the birds, and deer, and squirrels. Tesla said that if you want learn the secrets of the universe, just think about energy, and vibration.
Science is fantastic.
This is certainly very interesting and educational. Thank you! But if I understand correctly, most and probably the most significant part of the energy still requires the time for the field to go along the wire? Wouldn't it be that bit takes 1 second then?
Ahhh I remember hearing some of those words in high school sciences
How do you now explain "How magnets work?" with electron not moving as much to carry current?
As someone studying electrical engineering this video was extremely insightful. I feel like it would’ve been better if I’d been told this to begin with instead of oversimplifying.
Wow beautiful, thanks to your mistake (well, not a mistake again 😉) (it's the fields, not the charges) in the previous video. Huge thanks to you for making this kind of videos.
I have a question, based on the way you described current and it's flow , based on that what actually is Conductor and Insulator
Im not a scientist or engineer, But have one question, When I pay for electricity what am i paying for actually and how is it calculated, and to top it off is the cost ethical?
It may take me time to absorb this (how electricity works) as I've understood the "typical" water current flow analogy.  What might help is how practically different gauges of wires in a home from the circuit breaker (and the amps) effect things and perhaps some animations regarding such.  Maybe some new concepts entirely IDK.    I'm glad you brought this up and honestly I feel like I've been thinking about electricity wrong all this time and would like to understand it.  And it's ok and actually better and good, time to learn and if anyone has any suggestions great!
how about a test with diodo and more tahan one light?
What happens if it is a circular circuit?
Misconception #5: Lightbulbs emit light (as photons) 3:26. — Light propagates through a medium(not air), just as sound does through air.
are customers being robbed veritasium???
you didnt test changing the relative position of the switch wrt load. You should do that! But not needed a 10 m model
Electric field inside metal conductor = 0 ?
I never liked walking under pylon cables or near substations 'cos as a sensitive child I thought it was going through me..Turns out from what I understand of this - I was just more aware of reality!
If this is true we should feel shock when we go near the wire right, and the concept of emf is not valid in this I'm confused can anyone explain
Nerds!
Then what makes a non connected light bulb stop lighting?
Backpedal backpedal.  Your original question was clear: how long between when the switch is flipped, and the light comes on?  Anybody watching would assume "light comes on" means, you know, the light comes properly on — like what you expect to see when you flip a switch in your house.  That happens 1 second later.  Before that, you get a tiny current that was transmitted directly through the air rather than around the wire.  Neat.  But that wouldn't be enough to actually light an ordinary bulb (you had to switch to a dimly glowing LED bulb in your backpedaling).  Either it was (as you are now claiming) a poorly explained trick question, or (as seems more likely) you were just wrong, and are now trying to save face by claiming that this tiny initial current is what you meant all along.
But what if there was a non passable barrier in between the lines
After this video igot electrocuted
You do a very good job here. I am pretty sure somebody still finds something unclear in your video. I would debate with you about the claim that the reason is E and not changing B - in fact, those are virtually the same thing as can be seen from Maxwell's equations. However, I understand this phenomenon is not easy to explain without knowledge of elmag physics - you will always fell into a trap of simplification. No surprise that electrical engineers use a bit different explanations of the same phenomenon than theoretical physicists. They have the same problem.  Another thing which would probably need a better explanation is difference between changing and stationary state. Switching a circuit on is not as simple as it might look. (Yes, you showed the output of oscilloscope but description was simplified for obvious reasons. It contained signs of very interesting phenomenons, though.)  I would like to inspire you to show even more: Why is electricity distributed in wires above the ground and less often in cables below the ground? Why is it so important that wires have no spikes (this can be a spectacular show)? How do the conductors behave when the elmag field is changing very fast? How does a transmission of energy looks in conductors of nearly infinite cross section? And how all these thing would change if superconductors were used instead of conductors?
Is there a way that I can measure the energy fields around me, such as my computer area. I want to see how much more certrain areas of my house have energy fields around them.
But one thing  If we know what is the speed of electron passing through per unit wire then hence we can know what is the time taken for imaginary circuit and then reduced with the c (speed of light)  hence the answer will come will give us a graph will be like right angle or  Even in some cases it would be parallel
Radio transmitters and antennas create photons consisting of waves of electromagnetic radiation. Both AC and DC can generate light waves.
The battery producing an electromagnetic field is the drainage on the battery
Are they really harping on them because he forgot to mention the only reason the battery is getting low on power once the circuits connected is because of the electric field is producing it takes energy to produce the magnetic field that's the only thing training the battery once the circuit is completed
“You don’t have to move the electrons a significant distance to create this ( magnetic field ) distribution”. That was a mental “wow” moment of understanding for this guy! Less than the width of a proton! And it’s the energy from the small voltage of the battery that creates  that. Just a blue collar dude that loves science and the learning on the internet. And it’s the chemical energy inside the battery  that supply’s that field. So to say it simply…. energy  starts from the chemical battery to magnetic fields to electrons that bump protons that create energy that can be used as heat and light in a lightbulb element. And the electrons do move physically through the wire from the negative terminal to the positive terminal.
9:25 *pulled along by an electric field
Very good brother. I'm an electrical engineer, and what you explained is very good, keep up the good work👍
It's a nice video however it does not do a good job at what the title says, too many gaps
I love this stuff! - it has helped me better understand things that have bothered me since I was a kid playing with electronics in the late 60s and early 70s . . thank you V!
我觉得不对，仅仅是场的变化可以引起变化，但是这个变化不足以带动灯泡点亮，好比一对2变成了一对5，都没有能量差，所以电场变化了，但是灯泡没亮，需要灯泡亮还是要电流过去。
🧡
To me it look like the particles were the train and the wire was the tracks
So, the electrons make a way of electric and magnetic fields through which energy can travel
I'm really curious if cathode rays also produce magnetic fields like current in wire does???
It is true that when there is a Current in a Wire, it produces a circulating Magnetic Field and an Electrical field. . . .  The Magnetic field strength is related to the Current, the Amps, and although true fields go on for ever, in practical terms, Magnetic fields do not extend more than a few mm, that is less than an Inch. . . .   Electrical fields are related to the voltage in the wire, and generally do not extend more than a few mm or and Inch. . .  OK, those high voltage power lines carrying over 100,000 Volts of AC can be detected at about 10m or 30 feet away. But most practical uses of Fields around wires are in Motors, Generators and Transformers. . .  And there we try to use irons to concentrate the magnetic field where we want it and the gap to ideally less than 1mm that is 0.04 Inch. . .  So for most practical purposes, you can ignore fields around wires. . .  So Veritasium what ever his name is, is Very Wrong.
sometimes i feel like the smartest of humans are so enamoured with themselves and past information, they simply can not think for themselves.
When the Mead-Phoenix High Power lines were built to move power back and forth between California and States to the East of Arizona, I owned property nearby including right-of-way underneath the high power lines. It was possible in an experiment to place a totally unconnected line underneath these power lines to run a television set. It always performed well for the few hours which we experimented. Essentially we were hijacking power current from the electric field  of the high power lines above. No lines were connected to the transmission lines.
You are awesome! Such curious and intelligent americans I do like 👌🇷🇺
This is how i love science. We judge by peer review without any unnecessary emotional damage
Electromagnetic Energy is another form of energy like heat known as INFRARED, LIGHT or RADIO, TV or RADAR. This is energy emitted by a transmitter, much lower frequency than IR, but it is much  more complex to understand as it has a bit over 100 years of broad application to our daily life.   Mechanics is with us for much longer.
Energy is not electricity nor magnetism. Energy is power times time. electric circuits do have power, emf VOLTS once this force is applied there will  AMPS  power as volts times amps equals WATTS, if you apply this power for a certain time there will be ENERGYy,  power of 1 watt times one hour would be WATT-HOURS. ENERGY.    EXACTLY THE SAME WILL BE FOR MECHANICS.
What if the lightbulb were placed at one light year/2, would the signal be received in half the time? Or because the electric field is propogating radially outward, and the distance for the electric field to travel to the bulb is now increased, would it take longer? It seems like the distant edges of your wire in your model are the last two have an electric field propogated, so it would seems those parts of the wire wouldn't have power until the field reaches that distance. Or am I conseptualizing this wrong?
So, is all the confusion just from the fact that the bulb is physically close to the switch? For example, if the bulb was 50 feet away from the switch then the magnetic field from the switch side wouldn't touch the bulb side and no charge would appear?
I can appreciate thought experiments, but as an engineer, I appreciate physical proof a lot more.
What would the voltage change look like if you were to disconnect the loop of wire at one end?  What if you disconnected it at both ends?
Doing this without the wires - to power an electric airplane - was Nikola Tesla's dream. It's why he built the Tesla Tower.
Your explanation still violates faster than light communication.  You could have a guy on the moon who can open and close the circuit, and he could stop the lightbulb from turning on by opening his circuit.  That means you have faster than light communication between yourself and the guy on the moon.    In your example where you show that the current starts in the opposite wire before actually traveling in a full loop, you can see that the magnitude of this field is smaller than the original one.  This is because the current in the opposite wire is induced current.  The current on the opposite wire does not reach full strength until the current has made a full loop.  Oh, I see.  You don't misunderstand causality.  You misunderstand induced currents.  So, you still don't know what you're talking about.    In your own videos, you see that the induced current from the separate wire dies down once the circuit is complete.  That's because induced current only happens when there is a changing field.  There is no more induced current once the circuit is in a steady-state situation.    If you mean that the bulb will turn on when any current is present at all, then yes, it will turn on even if the wires aren't connected, at least temporarily, due to induced current.  If you mean that the light bulb will turn on when the steady and strong current from the battery reaches it, then you are completely wrong.  That's why you actually have to screw a lightbulb into a socket before you are able to turn it on with a light switch.   I'm not watching anything else.  There is no physical capacitor between the wires in your example.  This whole situation is a demonstration of your ignorance of induced currents.
Since about 30 years i was looking for a explanation like the one you gave here.  But:  Why do we use terms like " wave" and "field"? They are 2D terms and lead to missunderstanding. We don´t live in a 2D world. Our world is 3D. For me a much better term to describe what happens there is "thorus" or "vortex". The energie from the middle of the battery up is one thorus and from the middle down is a second thorus.  This figure appears everywhere, when energy heads towards order. As we can see in hurricanes and tornados, in the magnetic "field" of our earth, an apple, the dolphin-rings... And i think the laws in the vortex cause us to be stuck to the earth - not gravity. But thats just a weard theory 🙂 It would imply, that there doesn`t have to be a dense mass in the middle of a black hole... Thanks alot for all of your explanations. Best regards from Germany, Andreas Schachinger
13:00 exactly my thought, glad that you rephrased/clarified that.
What a great explanation! I had such great misconceptions about how electricity works.  This explains why bulbs can light up near Tesla coils or near electric fields. You don't really need wires to light up bulbs, because it's the electrons inside the wires that are phsycally "carrying" the energy and transferring it to it's adjacent electrons.
So at just before 13 mins into the video he shows how the magnetic field touches the farther wire and it also creates a magnetic field. In commercial applications this is known as "ghost voltage" it is only apparent when using a non contact tester to ser if voltage is present. This is also why in commercial applications its is always a good idea to keep a meter on hand and not determine a circuits state based on testers that tell you if a circuit is live or dead through the electromagnetic field.
So why no shock when you hold an insulated wire that's powering something?
At 13:30 you showed the simulation of Induction into a completely seperated wire. Did someone tried to measure the induced power in the seperatet wire? It should be similar to the roundabout 14 milliwatts that you measured after the first step of the yellow graph in your experiment before the huge spike. I would like to see this confirmed. But then, isn't this just how an transformer works? Transfering Power through an Electric field without physical connection, with the coils enhancing the induced power.  So, like you said at 14:33 , we use closed circles, because the wire itself is enhancing the effect of the electric field way more efficent. So yeah, this is all totally logical to me. Thank you, and keep up the great work!
So a wire with a finely sanded surface should work faster?
We can easily debunk that electrons move through wires. Doesn't everyone these days have or had some sort of WIRELESS charger for their phones. Theres no wire connecting the phone......  He mentioned this before I finished typing.   This brings me back to an idea I have for electric vehicles. A magnetic field built directly into the streets we drive on everyday. No need for batteries!!!
My limited process, combined with my background in working on fire control radars for the navy, I've learned two things:  I was taught the lumped element model thinking that's it, and....  ...as it turns out, what I was taught was a functional shorthand to get the gear fixed without killing myself, or starting a fire 🔥
Yeah... nobody knows how electricity works...
When you excessively analyze only one aspect of a circuit and then treat everything else as a circuit diagram representation and terribly explain your point. Congrats you can say some stupid stuff and leave people less informed than when they went into your video initially. I've had to spend about 10 hours over roughly the last year trying to explain to friends who ask me about these videos, what it is you're actually saying with them.  Frankly Derrick yes I often enjoy your videos. But I wish you could avoid topics like this where people who find your stuff casually aren't going to be able to watch your full explainer and follow up video and still need a 2 hour explaination from a friend. On what you're saying in the video. I'm not sure this is actually helping more than it's harming. Would you please consider, having companion videos that go into a much longer explanation of topics like this in the future for people who don't get it off of the highly clickable versions of that discussion, yeah it's not as profitable for you, but it definitely would help people's ability to learn what you are talking about.
At 11:50 you claim if you move the switch the bulb would take longer to light up.  Why don't you test that?  That will prove how you are wrong.  There is nothing magic about the switch or the placement of the switch.  Closing the switch completes the circuit and allow current to flow through the circuit.  That current induces a magnetic field and that magnetic field will bridge the gap and on the other end induce an electric current in the wire by the bulb, and that will "light" the bulb, but the current from this as others have states is very small compared to the full current of the circuit.  The placement of the switch has nothing to do with any of this.  The only distance that would matter is the distance between the bulb and the closest bit of wire which is not perpendicular to the bulb's wire (my phrasing here is a bit confusing perhaps, but I can't draw a picture in the comments to please forgive me, this point isn't super important anyway).
No, still not getting it, Lou.
It is bad for u do this kind of experiment! It's using Your energy and soul to make that light bulb works from air and ground! At least stay away from the light bulb when turn on. Why ya think tesla coil was never approved.
All i ve been thinking is he used red for positive charges and blue for negative..
does this only apply to dc current? can you please make a video where you show that a not connected light bulp is turning on when its close to the switch, where an electric field is built? It really sounds crazy and unbelievable that wires are not needed for current to run. i mean my other phone does not start charging if i put it close to the wires of my other phone charging right?
Massive respect for this follow up, absolutly essential to show respect to everyone, and explain details on everything, astonishing
This is how I'm interpreting, correct me if I'm off please. The electricity/energy is and was always there.   We used wires to to "conduct" electricity simply Became metals have stronger magnetic fields than other materials.  And the power plants or batteries excite the magnetic fields that were already there in the wires. This excitement in turn excites the electrons that were also already there in the wire and load. The differential in how fast the electrons were moving before vs after the excitement of the field IS the power/electricity that powers the light/load.
I thought this was basic? What do they teach in schools? hahha😃
this is pretty epic tbh  its like those times when big mathematicians defend their opinions and answers and the others trying to break it
I’m just getting into this series so I’m a little late to the party but, credit where credit is due.  A both gracious, yet well defended follow-up video. Kudos.
The things I'm not getting is, if the energy is in the fields and the wires just channel those fields, why do we need thicker wires when there is more energy?  Is he just neglecting the resistance of the wire, and things like surface effect?
so, putting iron near cables can change the shape of a signal going through wire...  that's the evidence?  Ill have to tell my shielded cables, USB, etc... they aren't working, even if I remove even a small section of shielding they won't work.
If the electricity not travel over wire. Why the relative permitivity formula and. velocity factor formula made for ???  Bruhh
The best example could be antennas, those are literally open-circuit, aren't they?
Are solids actually solid? A solid metal under a electrical system will lead to movement of its electron, which actually means that at sub-atomic/nuclear level it's structure is changing and it's flowing. Does this means it's liquid?
Bruh why couldnt my teachers teach me electricity like you do
If you're having this much trouble explaining your "experiment",  you're doing it wrong.
Tesla (The Engineer) would be proud of you man ⚡💡
this original experiment was done so badly and misleading it really was not done by a scientist more like a youtuber trying to get as many hits as he can.........come to think of it he is a full time youtuber making money out of it.
So is the Earth flat?
And if you wanted a better answer making one stupid orputting them in their place does not show power  Power does not care to show proof  Doubt is a fool time job  Uncertainty is a job  Tactics is watt they call it  If pre scription pisses you off when proof of driver or a known fact to easily control  a easy target is part of a much bigger system especially when power or status is only used literally as a design for a pattern in my artistic expression in drawings equations or the mess I make as I tell myself my own answer when I recognize my own being as an escalator  :)says a Stephanie
Aa soon as you through out what you know  When you put limitations on imagination  When you put rules in limitations  When there's a measurement for a measure that you (will NOT potential be able to win a Nobel a puliter  When your she spelled it wrong  Is a sound I don't required need or want  It isn't from me  Take your classification status and throw it out the window  Through out awards  Machismoism  Stories you've never heard because it's a secret about you that you will never get validation from  If validity is proven fraud becomes a measurement  As a person of power knowing what you are  Are you going to worry about anything other than your purpose of being power  If I am power I give power I see power I am power  I am status I do status I give status  My purpose as power or status is nothing more than to raise my own power or status  No one can do it for me  No one is there to help me be power  No one is there to validate or scientific notate  Even at my knowledge im partial  As my knowledge of nouns  As my knowledge of self  As my knowledge of personal growth  As part of the whole  What to I become but a working part of the brain  What do become when I add my part of the stream?  What do i add to the part if the street I clean?  An escalator speaks escalator  If I ride the escalator momentarily I become the escalator  But only when "the magic" organ trick turns my organs into metal attataches to be a part of the mechanics of the escalator I can not be a escalator but a measurent of a measurement may experience the escalator  The next time I put myself in someone else's shoes  I experience a escalator in mathematics  Or I express my ride on an escalator in car mechanics  Or real estate  When majority rule does not require motion or emotion for your opinions o exponential notation your own knowledge in time through time around time In escalator time will be that of an escalator  A fish will swear of a east Australian current  In turn a lazy Suzy only holds so many fish  The pesco the fiesco  The pH a  PH b PHC IS A MEASHORESE IS A LING WAY  THE PHD
Someone needs to look at these with fresh eyes. I would not even bother seeking SME popularity.  Great job!  ps: these things have  been proven but no popular among teachings
If it doesn't go through the wire why do we have to use thicker wires for bigger loads.,,misleading again.
This reminds me of the argument that it is not the particles in atoms that give them their "solidity" (non-permeability) but the forces between the particles.
As I have said a number of times,  Veritasium  has this very wrong. . .  Some correct information, but much wrong information and wrong interpretations of what he thinks if happening.
I love seeing scientists/physicists/whatevers arguing, because it's always an indication that smart minds are getting closer to the real answer, and errors are ironed out. (Sure this might not always be the case, my point is, arguing is good in these fields if we don't want to end up thinking the wrong things.)  Also, I'm glad this video explained what he was actually trying to say because I couldn't understand what he was on about with "one over c" until he showed he meant "one *meter* .."
there is a philosopher who seeks reality and truth and there is a physicist who makes theories about realities and there is an  electrical engineer who starts after all of them and use it to make devices and we don't really care what reality is, viva Kirchhoff's law we need to calculate currents in the circuit and it works....this is very similar to Newton's gravity law and Einstein's general relativity, the first is wrong conceptually because it assumes gravity as force, the later is correct conceptually but i wouldn't use curved spacetime geometry to calculate an earthly projectile ...we will still use Newton's wrong law .......> but anyway i appreciate this video very much.>>>the earlier video was amazing too.
I thought I knew something about electric current.
What happened if we can observe every thing in pico second instead of seconds. Then everything will be boring stand still for our whole life ☺️
Thanks for the very thorough explanation. I don't think any apology was due at all. (But it is very polite to do so.) When teaching, we do not always go into full details, simply because lack of time. If the previous video had been this precise, it would have been this much longer. When the audience has a question, or points out something possibly contradictive, a more detailed explanation can follow. (Moreover the mistake may be there at times - not this time.) On the other hand it is always very encouriging to get questions, because it shows, the audence is listening. Omitting the [m] from the 1/c I don't claim a mistake. This kind of simplification helps to keep the tempo. Hooking up with these, reminds me the good old spell trolling. Videos like AlphaPhoenix are great, but they explain the exact same phenomene with a simpler model, using  bouncing balls instead of a more complex field model.
I actually always thought that electrons moving through a wire doesn't really make any sense because  Firstly: if they move we either have trillions of chemical reactions because they have to split with their respective nucleus and inner electron rings to move anywhere (which we don't have) or the rest of their atoms has to come with them which would mean a mechanical flow of copper inside the wire (which there isn't). Secondly: if the electrons are the energy or "carry" the energy (individually or like relay runners) why would they do that (for what reason) and where do they get "new energy" after they delivered some or is a battery limited by it's number of electrons inside before it needs to get recharged.  oh and also, I thought the first video to be quite accurate for most amateurs already, no really hard mistakes their, at the worst some minor details missed or simplified.
How does he explain how electric components work, resistors and capacitors are in the wire so how they work if electricity don't travel in the wire. Just asking.
Does this apply to light propagating in fiber optics cable?
Thank You
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Why must fields spread out from the switch?
ถ้าโลกเหมือนจรวดที่กำลังเร่ง คนบนโลกอีกฝั่งนึงก็ร่วงออกจากโลกสิ
Thanks for your great videos. How is this experiment effected if the wire is shielded (as in a coaxial cable)?
This is awesome. A real conversation about something ive thought about for years. I hope this keeps going
So wait a second... This whole debate was just about induction current from the wire on the "switch side" to 1 m distant part of the wire on the "bulb side"? Why... was this such a big debate? I have the feeling I'm missing something (help)
Hi Veritasium. How about remove the wires completely and power the lightbulb (or electrical load) wirelessly (think Tesla Coil). The time is will be distance divided by "c" to power the load from the source.   Another analogy is a radio. A dipole antenna received a faint electrical signal and must be amplied a trillion times (measured in decibels). The speed of the signal is limited by the speed of light.
how is the speed of light important in the relationship of electronic movement?  considering that electrons have mass...
So what if the 300000 km system was put vertical? And then in a square of 300000 km side, will it travel through the diagonal?
I have a question if wire create a magnetic field so there may be a continuously changing electric field which can direct these sheep electron
oh hey rowan, how is VLDL?
Have you ever held a fluorescent bulb near an active power source? It actually reacts to the field and begins to emit some light.
Disclaimer: I'm not at all an engineer, nor an expert in any of this. Just an industrial mechanic by trade. So excuse any misunderstanding on my part.  In other words, the physical distance between an electrical power source and the load IS extremely important, because the load is going to receive faint electrical energy directly from the energy field sooner than the massive rush of power from the surface of the conductor a little later. Fine.  My question is: how fast is that energy field "moving"? At the speed of light, right? So what if you physically move the load further away from the power source? Shouldn't the initial faint energy reading be delayed then? For example, if you put the battery at one end of the 300 000 km of wires, and the load at the other end. Then there would be that distance separating the energy source and the load so, in theory, the energy field would have to travel much further to reach the load. I'm going to take an aspirin now, I have a headache...and no it's not caused by electromagnetic energy around my head! lol!
Your causality example glosses over that the circuit is still closed. An additional wire doesn't change that, why not model an open circuit with a light attached to the open circuit? It's not that the light turns on before the information can travel to know if the circuit is closed, it's that the switch has to respect causality of the circuit being closed to begin with or no charge can be changed by flipping the switch. This doesn't make your example or answer wrong, but it addresses the question wrong. The example literally only works if the circuit is closed before the experiment takes place, so causality isn't really relevant to the state of the circuit, since the experiment requires it as a prerequisite.
This may be the start of bringing Nikola Tesla's sophisticated inventions back. It has been said that he discovered a way to provide the whole earth with electricity without the need for wires. Also it has been said that he discovered a way to produce electricity by harnessing a power yet unknown to man that would lead to free electricity.
Does anyone have a bandate for my brain?
your video showing how your previous videos statement was wrong (if you cut out the backpedal in this video of course)  imo if he put backpetal onto screen with bold letters it would have been less noticable
It's weird how I've been thinking about how we use the term wireless so loosely when Data is the only thing that's truly wireless, even a "wireless" charging port needs to be plugged in. I'm not saying electricity can't be wirelessly transmitted obviously it can since you don't need to physically plug into the port on your device but that technology still requires surface contact to complete the circuit (I guess). Idk where im really getting to I'm just a low voltage tech not an electrician or expert of any sort I'm just speaking from my own experience but I just want to know how or if it will be possible to actually be able to walk or drive around with our phones constantly charged never having to worry about battery even if it's only at designated areas or places that offer it just like wifi. Maybe the technology already exist and it's simply not yet available to us peasants but I doubt someone with such knowledge wouldn't want to be the first to surpass Elon Musk in fact if anyone were to know it would probably be him.
So if i understand, you may also test: (1) put something that stop the magnetic field in between the lamp and the battery;  (2) what happen when you put those 2 elements in a vacuum
Nope, STILL don't get it, just like back in high school.
@Veritasium Dude, you just totally screwed up, admit it. The essence of the problem was in speed of transmission of main energy of source to bulb, and not in some kind of parasitic inductance from nearby wires! You are misinterpreting Poynting Vector, although you yourself said that energy moves perpendicular to magnetic and electric fields - that is, but along conductors. Correct answer in the problem is: time = length of the wire / speed of light (because energy does not move inside wires, but along them!). Perpendicular to wire, any external field will weaken with square of distance - that's why phone inductive charging works only closely, and it has much lower efficiency than wires! If you connect LED, that designed to glow from induction currents, in the circuit from the problem, then it will certainly light up in 1/s, but after in a second it will burn to hell from the main energy that ran along the wire!
You are right, conventional thinking is as ususal is wrong. Electrons do not exist in a conventional, understood way. Electrons are captured by an alternator from what ever dimension and space time they came from and are instantaniously drawn back to their dimension of space/time. The wires are just the start of where the electricity/electrons where captured from and where they return to at exactly the same time of capture. Is the speed of light the fastest known thing? Yes, Electrons do not move from their interdimensiomal path or place, they just move energy by being captured for zero time, which is awesome. At some point in the future people will laugh at our conventional thinking about electrons as existing as they will call it Space Time Flux and be just as wrong as we are
I love how this brought the community together. Learned about some other new amazing channels. 👏
If this is true, can you please Explain, electric shock. If the  Electric field always Exists then why we feel shock only if we touch the wire
This guy intentionally does this to create drama and popularity. His explanation is totally wrong
What I find ironic is these (allegedly) intelligent people were SOMEHOW too dim (pun intended) to grasp the OBVIOUS INTENTION of the original video.  That's like reading a Fantasy book, and subsequently giving it a bad review because "Dragons aren't real."
Brilliant
18:28 Watching you nonchalantly lifting tens of thousands of dollars worth of lab equipment onto a ladder was making me shudder, even when it isn't my gear.
Thanks for explaining what all of us already knew who would be affected negatively, with headaches and other frequency illnesses, when driving under the power lines directly  at the power dam that provided energy for Washington State. Once, I was not even aware of where we were driving and suddenly my body felt a traumatic electromagnetic kind of wave come over me..and I looked up from what I was doing and there we were...driving right under all those power lines! Anyone with any sense at all knows that the electromagnetic field is all around those structures. The 5 G towers as well... That's actually why 5G exists...because of this reality! No wires required.
My physics professor showed this video in class.
❤
Wrong. A close relative of Maxwell´s demon is pushing the electrons 🤌  .... fields... absurd. lol
11:50 so in practical terms, even if the difference is so small we cant perceive it, does this mean that your lightbulb at home actually turns on faster, if you hold the light switch (on the wire) up close to the bulb as you turn it on, rather than letting it dangle off the table?
My question is just, then WHY do we teach our kids not only in college but even in uni, that electrons work that way as in the misconceptions? Can we please stop teaching the incorrect thing just because its "easier" with physical balls as models?
But why don't broken circuits work then?
Exactly. You omitted a thing that made me understand it better by other YouTubers. Fantastic.
What app do you use in 8:50
c is only the speed of light in a vacuum. In other media, it is smaller.
I guess this means the lights on my Christmas tree are not all switching on and of at exactly the same time !
Bro too much ads
That demo area looks like the "quadrangle at Queensland University"?
Some responses didn't consider the transmission line impedance.  Initial current is Vbatt / (2 Zin + Rload)
I'm not so sure about the conclusion. Wouldn't it make more sense to put the load at one far end of the long wires, and the voltage source at the other? Electricity is in fact electrons flowing down a wire, not like water or marbles, but by jumping to the atoms next down the line. This is because a voltage potential exists in a circuit. Metals conduct electricity because of how freely they give and receive electrons. Magnetic fields are the result of current flowing, and magnetic fields can cause currents to flow, but don't confuse magnetic coupling as being the reason why electricity flows. Explain The Schottky diode, a semiconductor that only allows current to flow one way, and only when a certain minimum potential is reached. The transistor, The MOSFET, the JFET etc. these all work by forcing electrons to move a certain way. A plasma arc is electrons flowing between two electrodes when the voltage potential exceeds the resistance of the air gap. Ever seen what happens when a magnet is dropped down a metal tube? Even if the tube is aluminum or another non-magnetic metal, it falls slowly because its magnetic field is interacting with the electrons in the tube, inducing a magnetic field in the tube, creating resistance to the falling magnet. Current flows one way in a DC circuit, because the electrons move one way. DC circuits are not good for long distance transmission however because of this flow. The farther the electrons have to go, the more energy is lost due to resistance. Basically, the further the electrons have to go to balance out the potential, the less willing they are to do so. Because the electrons have to go all the way to the source and then come all the way back. With AC this is less of a problem, because the current keeps switching back and forth, and so the electrons only actually move a little way in one direction, and then the polarity reverses and they move the other way. Instead of going around and around, they just move forward and backward a little. This is why all transmission lines are AC, and DC is only used in small applications with short wire runs. The same electrons effectively just get yanked back and forth, rather than having to constantly move forward and get replaced with more. I say "the same" electrons loosely of course, an atom can gain one and lose another, so its many different electrons jumping from atom to atom, however the energy is transferred anyways. If what this video proposes is true, (Especially the animation showing the electric field going both ways in a DC circuit) then it wouldn't really matter if you used AC or DC for long range transmission. But it does matter, it matters a lot. Ask literally every developed nation's power grid.
You shouldn't apologize, there's a dude in reddit that said "This is my program for this application" in order to obligate other programers to correct him, because smart people enjoy to show others their mistakes rather thant teach them
You destroyed those nihhhz
I am puzzled.  QUESTION in terms of Locality (Relativity, Quantum Mechanics).  1m/C seems to ignore Locality..... how can the bulb and switch "know" if the furthest point is continuous making the circuit connected?  If they check, it will take more time than 1m/C.  Just cutting the right end or left end, thousand miles away, ... .... 1/c reaction is impossible unless checking the furthest end is cut or continuous.   Please help me understand.  Is it really 1m/C?
It is actually good explanation, they are ignorant spoiled brats who don't know how to interpret new things because they are limited cretins.
You are probably right !! :-)
That evil face Electroboom is making. Lol
In your first video I wanted to comment that it's about fields, and not about electron speed. My comment got too long and at some point I got lost in explanation. Anyway in my explanation I was a bit wrong - well a bit more, okok... almost completely wrong :). I only hinted the 'fields' idea. [I'm not a physicist, nor a mathematician, nor an electrician engineer]
So really this can all be summed up as: the cause (turning on the switch) travels at the speed of light to the effect (the bulb) and thus there's no causality issue. And also that if you want to whine about relativity then you need to use QED, otherwise STFU. Nice job! You have nothing to apologize for.
I didn't think so many could disagree about something so objective.
Me: neither a scientist or electrician, just grateful that people like you make this kind of content to remind us that learning is fun, full of wonder, and ripe with discussion. In school they teach you to sit and listen. But it is this discourse that moves us all forward.
@veritasium what does "ABSOLUTE INFINITY" means? Does it exist?
I completely forgot about the fact that wires are always capacitors and inductors as well. Using that analogy though makes things incredibly complex but it is required when you work with Developement on printed circuits with fine components and so on. This can become a real issue causing unintended results if you are not aware of those effects. (Man what the hell were we even learning in high school I have never applied this stuff since and I went into Uni for programming instead of electrical engineering.)   If this thought process was not true then you could not charge your phone wirelessly nor would a lot of things work where you need to seperate circuits but still want to transmit energy between them.
Very cool video! I never knew the energy was in the fields, and the funny thing is I'm an apprentice electrician. Just goes to show it's not "in the books". Thank you.
Just more human beings wasting their time on this planet arguing about inane topics....while there's still hungry children and homeless people wandering the world.  Congratulations perhaps make a video explaining how corrupt crony capitalism works.
Im 12 aaaaannnd
This is all true and good but the fact that you included the wires at all was, in fact, INTENDED SPECIFICALLY TO MISLEAD EVERYONE.
Yeah, yeah but when I wire a house I know how electricity behaves and, so far, that is good enough for me.
With PG&E declaring they will be undergrounding 10,000 miles of electrical infrastructure, How will they deal with the fields.  I assume the natural insulation provided by the transmission lines being elevated in the air, will no longer be relevant with all the wires in the ground, won't this "ground" the transmission lines?
The first video seemed like it was intended for the general public.  This second video seems like it is intended for electrical engineers.  There is a tremendous amount of undefined jargon in this second video and he seems to be reading from a script.  My questions are, if the field carries the energy from the battery to the lightbulb, what exactly is that energy?  Somewhere I guess a 'power plant' pushes energy into a battery and stores it there.  What is the energy being pushed into the battery?
No one argues that the field not wire carries the energy, but I believe where the switch is contributed to the experiment as well, because closing switch generates a transient but instant current
Saint elmos fire and the a northern lights.
I rly love how he cleared their confusions and allegations delicately . Look there's a difference between being wrong and being not able to explain urself correctly or clearly . Otherwise the concept itself is so complicated and confusing and he Simplified it marvelously well . Honestly we all were taught electricity and all had this wrong misconception all our lives .
This guy is always stirring  up a hornets nest. LOL
The most puzzling thing is that systems still work despite the interlocking fields.
I wonder, if electric is limited by distance and the speed of light, would the light bulb turn on before there was voltage at the very ends of the loops?
Omg more deceit at the end of the video, just lost my respect entirely considering the identity of your channel's name. Veritas is truth, not lies.
Nice to try and learn by making this huge mistake, but people who don't know what's going on think you're right.  Just to clarify, your first video answer is wrong because you made a wrong assumption, and even now are confusing people more with words and wrong ideas.  The capacitor "solution" changes the fundamental question altogether and the answer would be t=d/c  As for the 1 meter apart, nobody is questioning a small inducible electric field, try it at 10m, you won't see any effect.  At the end of the day, the answer is d/c =t where d is length of wire from switch to light bulb, not distance from battery to light bulb.
Why use a light bulb when you can use an electromagnet.
There is no competition in physics, merely degrees of cooperation. For the failure of one leads to success for another, and success for one is a success for all. It's beautiful! 😊
Open the circuit at a far end and see if the light works
Domino effect 😊
Woaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  Ok awesome, this is much more helpful. I definitely would have not understood wireless charging when I went to studying that, and this explains why, since it's not ionizing air to move electrons to a load from a power source, but instead electric fields are causing it.  But thing is, idk what electric fields are. So I'd like to answer that before I can build on it for my own understanding XD  Otherwise this makes sense, I'd seen the "lumped element model" thing mentioned before and now I know why it's an important caveat to the laws i've been learning. I'm also really happy to know that it's this electric and magnetic field that causes the energy (which I hopefully am correct in learning that the "energy" is electrons moving? might need more understanding of that too)  Gonna enjoy learning more about wireless charging now that I know what's causing these macroscopic changes, rather than thinking lumped element was the ground truth. Good to know and very helpful! These insanely good simulations and visuals helped A TON.  I didn't feel like I was distracted by the problem, and this video helped solidify what I got from the last video, that energy was transferred through the fields, not the current.   Super cool, thank you again!
Your last video did make cent-suisses I’m only ten years old!
Yeah your 1/c thing confused me. It's not a 1 out of c but 1m divided by c which makes much more sense
The original video definitely implied that full power transmission would occur in 1m/c which made zero sense to me. I was left confused and bewildered. This video definitely clears things up. That being said,  this guy does seem like the type who can never be wrong even if he's wrong.
This isn't the first time people have claimed fake science on one of your videos. Thank you for the follow-up video and for creating this debate.
So the charged particles want  equilibrium. And when shown a way, they will take the most conductive path of least resistance. (the copper wire) Electrons are not the energy, but rather they are moved by it (the current). There is also inductive charge created by the current that happens across the wires due to their proximity, but that is secondary and only a small amount of the primary charge flowing down the path of the wire, (and across transformer gaps containing optimal inductive materials). The motive for the primary charge (the battery) to go to equilibrium is the completing of the circuit via the wire, not the air. So is the question, "will the bulb light via inductive charge of the circuit prior to the primary charge passing through it on its way to equilibrium?" Doesn't that depend on the strength of the current and the proximity of the wire? And wouldn't that burn the bulb out when the primary current hit?
All our house have wire in the walls usually around the entire house wouldn’t these (electric fields) affect our brain waves/mood/state of mind? We are electric beings after all maybe this is why they say just 5 minutes outside under the sun and trees will recharge our human battery’s and positively boost our mood and immune system. Think stale air might have a play in that also but what’s your thoughts gang?😮
"Those who fear life, worship imaginary Gods of others; those who love life, imagine." Imagination is the Way. Revelations by Elias Leousis, Amazon
Misleading rubbish!
I have questions that have come up since watching this video. Given that the flow of energy is through the fields, and electron drift is very slow, what causes the heating in conductors? Is it straight resistance to that slow electron drift? How does the size of the conductor affect the size or stength of the fields? Does it? Why does a stronger field need a heavier conductor to support it? The list kind of goes on...
Gladiator reference was funny. And great video as always.
I am curious if Tesla understood this and how he planned to broadcast energy.
I disagree. The errors begin with the Image that  electrons fly wildly around with not interacting together…  Electrons have only small tunnels around the atoms core. And when a battery pushes more electrons in the wire, generating a „preasure“ pushing the other electrons through the wire. And THIS movement generates the electric field !
4:29 Eugene Katyroshky video
ya know i always knew something about electrons carrying energy was weird because of transformers and electric motors, but this video has convinced me that electricity is basically just magic
16:55, The polarity of the battery should be reversed.
You are really amazing. Thanks for that and the time that you get for make this.
It’s all code.
The time to charge a battery is just a ilusión. Baterías no ocupa. Charge. Sorry!.
Great video. Most scientists have no clue how fields work or even how to define what a field is. They think photons are flying around and light travels. When you clap your hands, no particles are emitted and flying around to carry the sound.
I'm not, but I'm definitely entertained
AlphaPheonix gang 🤙🤙
Soo... birkland currents. Counter rotating sheaths.  Electric flow in outer space... you'd agree on all those concepts then Derek?
Huh
Hi Veritasium How do I incorporate this information into a high school lesson without confusing the learners? Especially learners learning about electric circuits for the first time. They already find this topic difficult and this video has some high level stuff. They are 15 - 18 years old.  For e.g. we only introduce electric field in Grade 11, yet we start teaching electric circuits in Grade 10 (in physics - they do get taught a bit in general science before Grade 10, but they can only choose to take physics from Grade 10 and that is when we go into a bit more depth than general science).
I have a question that I didn't see addressed in either video. The setup for this experiment requires that the wires are 1m apart and running parallel. As I understand, it is the short distance between the parallel wires, which is essentially a capacitor, that allows the electric field to generate current through the load in such a short time.  If there was a circuit with the same wire lengths (600,000 km per side of the circuit), but set up in a circle so that the battery and load were on opposite sides (approximately 382,000 km apart), how long would it take for current to be generated through the load? Since the electric field can no longer jump across the gap to the other side, would it simply be approximately one second?
Electron travel is absurd.
@Veritasium. Response to J Modified which I hope you or the clever people that you have contact with can research further.  My point was not just refering to microwaves, I just used the example that Veritasium used. There are other frequencies as used by mobile phones and most electrical equipment. You must know that the electric voltage and current used to transmit information in living nerve cells are very low and it has been demonstrated using a MRI  scanner that the radio waves when using a mobile phoe interfere with brain signals and brain chenicals. This is why Samsung and others advise using a distancing tool rather than holding the phone to one's ear. This is a get out clause that stops people suing them. There is a theory that the signals in nerve cell do not go through the central nerve structure but through the sheath covering the nerve. This may tie in with the work that Veritasium is doing. I hope he reads this and promts some further reaearch. As a practical consideration; I cannot now keep bees where I live because a mobile phone was erected nearby. The theory is that the EMF waves interfere with the bees brains and they lose their memories and cannot find there way home.. Official agencies will not investigate this as a possible cause of the catastrophic collapse of insect populations. Money talks.
Mind totally blown
OK! You have lost me. BUT is there a practical application to your explanation? BUT more important to me is how the electric field might possibly interfere the a living bodies micro electronic. Can wifi that can be used to charge batteries interfere with brain waves etc.
Awesome bro
I want to see this recreated with an open circuit- since apparently that doesn't matter anymore.
It’s a field. Done.
Imagine what we would know today if science teachers allowed questioning.
This is nothing new, if you understand RF then you will understand the conclusion about 1/c answer, however, the amount of energy delivered to the light bulb is different at times due to the effect of the EM field vs the steady state current.  Similar effect used as well in TDR with many usages to measure length or detect breakage of the transmission line.  Main flaw of Derek's original video is the vagueness which misled a lot of people already.
wrong!
the first video was unsuccessful in the sense that it left me more confused about how electricity works. I then watched several more videos/response videos on it until it sort of made more sense to me. Alpha Phoenix's video made the most sense of all that I watched but in context his was one of the latter ones that I watched so part of the clarity I gained from his video can be attributed to the partial understanding I gained from the others. This video did a great job of summing up that info. Thanks Derek!
This is eveyrthing thats right with science. Reaffirms my belief in the scientific method, and definitely satiated the 16 yr old STEM student who loved physics/ engg but didn't pursue it as a career solely because of the way electricity and magnetism was taught! [I still absolutely love physics but I formally study biology now(Well, we are trending to an interdisciplinary study of the sciences for some time now. So........) Thank you so much!
11:48 I feel vindicated about having ruled out 1/c seconds because of the unit mismatch…
When I was in the Marines, they said, "teaching someone to shoot the M-16 rifle was easier for the ones who never used a gun/rifle previously, as opposed to the ones who had...because the ones who never did, had NOTHING TO UNLEARN FIRST." Now I know Nothing about electricity but shouldn't electricians that work with electricity have been required to learn about this..rather than omit it and be taught some fantasy about how current travels through wires like water or marbles thru a tube? I could be mistaken but isn't this thought process on how electricity ACTUALLY functions is what Tesla was working on when he tried to gift humanity with free "wireless" electricity?!  That would explain why this way is omitted when being taught how electricity works!   jus say'n...
Great breakdown in a simple to understand video!
I was sceptical after the first video but convinced me was a response video that stated something me go "duh, of course!"    If you look at the circuit diagram and remove the ends connecting the long lines if wire, it's literally just a transistor. So as long as the "flow of current" hasn't reached those parts, the circut must logically behave like a transistor. It's super obvious in hindsight but it broke my brain when it was pointed out.
The field is the energy and the electrons are the water? Sorry, coming at you with that tsunami question again lol.
Is it the same with all electronics like speakers, microphones, tvs etc...?
Electricity is as free as your ability to put a rake as high as possible in the air. It's why the ancient pyramids were built. They had electricity.
What is energy?
I HAVE A Q ..... so if I send 100 "units" through the wire, and assume the bulb should receive ~100 units as well, what happens if you receive more due to the field's wireless power dispersement? Or better yet!!! What if you receive 98.123 and the wireless spread equalizes it to the exact correct amount of 100???
Still don't get it. If the electrons aren't moving along the wire then the sheep dog analogy makes no sense.
so the TL-DR version could be "small energy get from battery into lamp through air as short distance" ? and then eventually remaining energy propagating through the fields around the wire will eventually arrive the lamp with more /enough energy ?
epic moment when Veritasium refutes the whole internet
When he closed the circuit I wasn’t shocked
I'm an electrical/electronics engineer.  One of the first things I paid attention was when we went from Maxwell equations to simplifying assumptions typical of electrical and electronic circuit design.  I saw them as simplifications of the Maxwell equations applied to particular circumstances that, as an engineer, you just want an answer that is "close enough" to the real thing to be useful. Those simplifying assumptions were thoroughly violated in the thought experiment with half light-second round-trip superconducting wire and then a light bulb a mere meter away from the switch.  But the correct treatment of such long wires as transmission lines and the fact that it's the electric field the main driver of energy (which it actually is) and, above all, that such circuit cannot be treated with the regular simplifying assumptions that we use, set this case straight.   Another example is by the founder of Cray Research, creating the fastest computers available back then, until he ran into frequencies in which their printed-circuit board connections started to behave like transmission lines, and all his brilliant design principles went down the drain. Be aware of a circuit physical parameters before deciding if simplifying assumptions can be applied, or else a 3-D field simulation is needed. Thank God, nowadays we have the computing power to tackle such problems.
This quite interesting, yet what about the "Information"  carried by the electric signal? Do you assume it takes the shortcut too, or should it be considered that the information (eg going from OFF to ON) only travels as long the wire?
One of the reason that it travels with C is the radiation and propagation phenomenon. The fluctuations or cycles change the field shape and producus kinks because the end part of field takes the c speed to receive the information therefore produces kinks and thus leaves the antenna to free space. If its immediate and no time is consumed then information must travel with infinite speed which is not possible
So can we start wiring 120v 20amp circuits with 20 guage wire then ?  It would make it nice and easy with the 20/20 correlation . Hehe ... lets hope nobody goes and does that kinda stuff though .  But anyways I did fine learning home wiring with thinking it as an analogy to plumbing with it's supply and drain line pipes.   With sinks being the point where you got use out of the electricity. Albeit not to long after I learned the electrons did not actually flow like water molecules.  So then I just imagined the copper atom with it's electrons around the nucleus ... all in a row along the wire.  And the atom electrons would spin like wheels imparting their motion to the next one all the way down the wire .
In the first video, I did not notice the parallel wires but thought of on single wire around the earth.  Of course you can take some power of a cicuit ny placing copper around the wires.  Now can you explain what is the field made of in the emptiness of space,? Virtual electrons?  You move water you have a wave, you move air you get a soundwave.  You move emptiness, you get a magnetic or gravitaional; wave.  Logical isn't it?
People decades later relearning what Nickola Tesla already discovered:
If only God could upload a video to explain how he created light.
So are electrons flowing from the battery to the bulb within side of the wire or nah? I'm on the fence and keep getting different answers and this is the only question I need to know. The rest of the video I understand. But do the electrons push each other containing the energy through the inside of the wire?
WE NEED PEOPLE LIKE YOU! THANKS!
So if you had a ground plane between the two wires there would be no interaction.
Is it better to use multi strand wire or solid wire in house wiring?
So the distance from the switch to the load is what determines the time delay?  I thought it was the distance between the parallel conductors.  And if electrons aren't flowing down the wires and around the circuit, why does the animation show electrons flowing around the circuit?
Interesting, very interesting. But what if the light bulb and switch were located at the far ends of the circuit in your diagram? In in other words, if they would be a light second apart instead on a meter apart, how long would it taken then for the bulb to turn on? Thanks
If the energy travels in the field then why does the bulb need to be connected to the wire?
No mistakes, only fate, thankful you have brought many people to think.  Thanks for all your time that you invest in inspiring others and also spreading knowledge in such a diverse array. Thankful to have found your page!
All this prep and you’re using painter’s tape?
it explains my confusion in airplane maintenance school as to how airplane radios work. I always thought, since airplanes aren't "grounded", how can it receive signals from the ground towers, and other airplanes?
Sorry but @13:20 you state that the bulb would go on even if the circuit was broken, but would it really? I mean from my experience if the circuit is broken the light won't go on.  If it really does, can someone explain me how?
Mr man you're not Thomas Edison nor are you Nikolai Tesla.  I don't believe any single word you said here. My Physics text book taught me other wise. I hate reverse Psychology.
Does the battery weigh less when depleted..?
Wow
Interestingly, he did not touch on the fact that the wires to and from the consumer are mostly physically through one conductor
Wheeler's delayed choice.
Oh … ok 👍
Actually, what you did was Genius ! Whether intentionally, or not ? I'll just say by you putting out your hypotenuse, there are always those that are willing to prove they are smarter ! Hence the response ! And I think you have probably given proof to more than you know, in that, I am fascinated by the discovery of just who spends time glossing over YouTube videos ! And thank those that have the courage to put themselves out there !                 💡            👍😎
Anyone who's ever tested a wire that has an induced charge on it understands this theory. The education and practical knowledge of electricity I gained while being an enlisted nuke on a Submarine in the US Navy is where I picked up on this concept. That induced charge is infuriating when those who control the work process do not understand the concept. I think I had been a practical electrician for about 3 years before I realized the concept of "hole flow" or "electron flow" was total BS. I absolutely love this video because it cements my own concept that I have tried to explain to people in the past.
So why was the circuit setup 10 feet in the air requiring perching precariously on a ladder?
This video got me thinking differently about how electric and batteries work. Got me thinking about how batteries will normally discharge if you just leave them laying around, I'm guessing from leakage, so will a battery in the vacuum of space discharge faster because electrons can move or leak faster? or would it be slower because there is no medium?
🐻👍
I really love your video man keep up the good work it was very interesting we all can learn together
I see, the pairs of wires basically act as antennas at first, when the charges are still building up along the wire.  As for changing B fields vs E fields they are literally the same thing. As per maxwells equation (eg nabla cross E = - dB/dt and the simmilar law in the other direction). I also seem to recall from special relativity that E fields and B fields "rotate into each other" under boosts. But Iam struggling right now to relate eg dE/dt to "what E happens to look like if you change your inertial frame". I suppose it helps to not think of a uniform field. If the field is non-uniform, it will appear to change if you move.
Thsi is an infomercial for google and alexa... Smart tech.
Use this to explain voltage drop across resistors
"Energy is carried by fields and not eletrons" 100%, this makes sense! And provides a more precise way of thinking about electric energy.
Also, how does this jive with our struggle with superconductivity?
I always know that the conduction of electricity occurs on the surface of the wire so we could have manufactured hollow copper wires of different gauges to match amperage requirement. WE can stuff something inside the hollow copper wire to give it some structure and elasticity without pinching it. Or we can "gold plate" plastic wire with copper to do same thing  We will have to figure out new ways to solder those hollow copper wires . \
What if there is a very poor conductor instead of wire? How about Ben Franklin's "kite string"?
Too many ads, didn't finish.
You claim the resistor would still see the initial voltage even if the circuit is disconnected but didn't test this. Why not? Seems like disconnecting the circuit and seeing the initial 4/5V and then no subsequent rise to 20V would have been informative.
This helps me comprehend the funky( black Magic) stuff with RF, Antennas, and high speed circuit design.  Thanks.
your problem is your language  there is no such thing as electric fields the energy is emf electric motive force and the potential is measured as voltage water doesn't flow without force applied neither does electricity  the "fields" are just induction induction which is how motors and generators have always worked good to see you back track this garbage  and people fascinated by florescent globes lighting up need to do more learning and no spouting garbage making others have to jump in and correct your misinformation is not helpful
I guess the theory is legitimate because you are calling a bunch of atoms a "lattice".
Electrons are the electric  field. The excess and  deficiency of electrons is the electric field.
GReat StuFF
If I connect one light bulb to the + end of a battery then wrap wire around earth then connect to another lightbulb at the - end of the battery what light bulb turns on first?
None of this works without the fields 👏👏
what is the effect on our body and brain when we use Airpods or any other Bluetooth ear bub, as it uses our bodies as the conductor between the 2 batteries and the Magnetic fields that results from it?
Now do quantum dots… individual photon emission.
Ethanol is the ruin of engines.
So a magnetic field around the wire allows for the electricity to happen. That would explain how any kind of generators work.   Now I'm wondering if I can break a few laws (of thermodynamics) with the specifics of this video.
Nothing about magnetism, dialectic/potency/and toroid/ Aether/ or the right phrasing here.
The kid is lost.
Say that ( eather)(Aether) Fast,fast and faster.
Energy is manifested
Electron is a concept not a reality. Bad choice of words
A question!  So when the magnetic field expands in the circle and the current starts flowing from the top, as you illustrate in 11:30. Where do electrons come from? Are Electrons in the wire from the beginning? Is it the magnetic field that generates electrons? Or?
Virtually all of these other 'science' Youtubers are all fraudulent hacks that  cannot even think for themselves, and this is very basic. It is the consequence of basic and obvious physics.... and yet these oafs cannot even figure out something so basic, and, not only that, but blindly assert with such confidence that Veritasium is wrong.
You are talking *_real physics,_* with *_real electric field propagating from fundamental principles,_* and all these ignorant peeps claiming "He is wrong" just say "leakage current" and "transmission line model...''  Do they not realize that they aren't thinking in fundamental terms? They are making the problem not what the problem actually is; they are incapable of using basic logical inference of the deductive variety. It is honestly quite sad, because everything you sad in the first video was super amazing,
I love how you are talking about fundamental physics, of how the *E-* field behaves (electric field), and these supposedly 'smart' YouTube channels respond with such nonsense as "leakage current," and then using transmission line models....  I remember these types of people in my college physics courses; they were incapable of thinking abstractly and always turned what was an amazingly pure and abstract phenomena being discussed to some lowly, crude example. But since the 'example' was  now 'rea',' they thought they had a full grasp, while, in actuality, they were even more wrong.  In real physics, especially of fundamental electric and magnetic (electromagnetic) fields, the 'pure abstractz thought' is the 100% pure an p
Jittering electrons. Waves transfer almost as high as the media. If it is a resistor the media is tough. Induction means an easy way.
So basically, electricity is energetic (electro-magnetic) waves that rub electrons and atoms together causing atomic friction, heat, and work.   Woah.   I'm surprised there's not more cross talk or accidental metal pathway activation from electric lines, remotes, batteries etc.   But I guess most things are pretty resistant, or only get activated at a threshhold, or at a certain frequency, plus channels and gates and failsafes.  So much to learn
I thought that other video was recent.   This follow-up was 4 months ago lmao
OK I am trying to understand it's about the field around the conductor. So, if current doesn't "flow" through a wire then what does my meter on the side of my home measure? Would it be the strength of the field from my electrical use or the length of time that I use it? The more I think about this the crazier it makes me. Like using my air conditioning makes my bill higher, is that from the strength of the field the unit needs? Ther's probably a simple answer that I'm just missing.
Your explanation wasn't misleading at all, and it was 100% obvious. These are the people that get these types of questions wrong in higher level physics courses at a college, but since they never went this high (since they didn't major in physics), they think that their lower-level knowledge is 'correct,' and that the actual correct answer is incorrect (wrong).  To save face, they will say "Oh, Veritasium is 'technically' right, after his 'clarification.' B*tch, technically right is the only right there is. Veritasium thinks in terms of actual reality, of the actual physics of how the _real_ world, of how things _actually_     works; he doesn't limit his thinking to whatever low-level abstraction a particular lower knowledge (and perhaps IQ) person made in order to understand.  They are the technician to an engineer; the electrician to an electromagnetic physicist
I think that the explanation in this video is missing something and there is some dissonance whether this is a revolutionary discovery or a vague explanation of wireless power. I greatly appreciated the use of the oscilloscope showing the transient response. My opinion is that the difference between the transient and steady state response is key to the explanation, and calling both "the current" and "turning on" is probably causing more confusion.  I would propose a few more experiments:  1. If we put open switches on both sides of the battery and close them at the same time, what is the transient response? Does the lightbulb need to be initially "charged" by the positive end of the battery (and then cannot respond faster than the length of the wire divided by c)?  2. Keep the open switch on the negative side of the battery and insert a closed switch along the wire at the midpoint between the light and switch. If we activate the switches (open one, close the other) at the same time, will the built-up charge gradient at switch 1 emit the same electric field and cause the same transient response in the light bulb, but with no steady-state voltage because the circuit is never complete? The opening of switch 2 will certainly change the field of the wire, but it would take time to propagate and switch 1 would still see a gradient for the next few nanoseconds.  3. Is there a measurable difference in the transient response in the light/resistor (voltage, time constant, etc.) that depends on the length of the lines or continuity from battery to light/resistor? If yes, then by knowing about the battery, switch, and light within the 1-meter vicinity, we can discover information about the state of a far-away bit of wire faster than light.  4. Finally, can we induce the same charge gradient across the light bulb and switch without them being connected and see the amount of voltage/current in the light when the switch is closed?   Even without #4, I think 1-3 would illustrate that the power transfer is due to the meeting of the two gradients at the switch causing a field to propagate through the air to the light and nothing to do with FTL tomfoolery in the whole circuit. Information about the entire circuit still needs to travel at light speed over a long distance, and in this video that is achieved by having the battery connected initially.   Just my two-cents as a mechanical engineer with very basic circuits knowledge. I'm probably wrong in some parts of my understanding of this phenomenon, so please tear me apart. (E.g. I should probably say field instead of charge in a few spots.) I just think that analogies are very important to get right because then you can explain it to someone who doesn't have specialized schooling.
How to confuse people by talking weird while all you do is explain (almost) the same principal of a transformer but added that if the wire is long enough you can spike a current for a short duration without a closed loop.... I fall asleep here from boredom
So what happens if you put a circuit around the equator?   It seems rather ridiculous to think that the Earth would not have an effect on any field.  Not a scientist I'm just nosy and curious.
At first I thought your results disproved some of your claims; only a small amount of power was available in the 1m / c time frame, most of the power is not available until the 1s timeframe (referencing the original setup). Then I realized that the initial power comes only from the fields from the battery and wires very close to the battery and lamp. Most of the power comes from the fields which follow the length of the wire, which propagate at or near the speed of light.
If that's how electricity Works, How does electrocution happens? The general idea is humans have  certain tolerence ( milli amps) of electricity, when that exceeds people dies. What's the new concept now. The whole concept of conductivity is getting nullified here, isn't it. Not that I don't agree, it really feels there's more to the whole concept of electricity than that's been played out.
What was in the box in the original video? No, a resistor is not a good substitute for a bulb. A bulb is a simple 2-terminal device. A scope across a resistor is very complex because of grounding considerations. Electrons don't push each other through the wire... they are attracted to "holes" where electrons are lacking.
Unimpressed - people criticized his initial claim, he then "clarified" his claim by changing it to agree with what the critics were claiming, then had the cheek to ask "are you still not convinced?". About the only mistake he actually admitted to was regarding the units shown, which was only ever a minor criticism. Would have much more respect for him if he just admitted that the critics were correct.
Many late nights looking at that Matter and Interactions textbook doing physics problem sets :')
Maybe I haven't been correctly understanding the gist of all this, but I never could understand all of the doubts about why electric fields couldn't pass energy directly from one wire to another across a gap when we have technology that does just that like induction chargers and transformers.
Love this....now please work with some demonstrable results with how "let's say WIFI" and EMF and transmission work without  a conductor, or unless the air is the conductor!
This is sad that in 2022 someone has to make a video like this
You dont know everything about everything. Now you taking about misconceptions in people's responses. Ego much
This is just confirmation of your first video being silly
The Ether model is gaining traction?
Would you beleive that in the Early 30's, the Elect. Engineers kew that two wires mounted next to each allows EMF to flow hence the way electricity taken (2 Wires, 110/220v) to homea etc. were installed 2 wire 500mm to a meter from each other, beside the safety concerns of the types of insulation material was available those days. It would be interesting to know what amount of  emf exists between wire conductors 4 to 6mm spacing at 220 Volts. I am sure that could be measured.! we are talking at DC Volts as we know alternating voltage (AC) @ 50 and 60 Hertz. Higher frekwnsie voltages does get Radiated like in Radio Frekwensies.
Thank you. Terrific.  I kinda half understand.  Repeated watching and i might get it. Threw me a bit when he said it happens whether or not the switch is closed.  After that he never returned to that point and spelled it out I thought.  Lost me anyway. And then the whole thing finally seems like mumbo jumbo inasmuch as what's a field?  it's all in the field. But what's a field? My poor understanding is that it is just a place where you can get a measurement anywhere at all within it. Fine. But that doesn't tell me much. Ah well.  I might learn sometime.  Excellent video.
😂 simple tesla coil  which could can been used  .... crying in the corner
funny, I listened to those Altium live videos on youtube and kept thinking about them.
"If you can't convince them, confuse them!" Your videos are fascinating and fun, but I've yet to understand a single one of them. lol It would be interesting to know the *why* and *how* of this stuff.  *It just works, here's proof* does not constitute an explanation. This video in particular has so many assumptions and circular speak, I'm not sure you met the minimum threshold of "How Electricity Actually Works" as the video is titled. Not a criticism of you or the video per se; as I stated, it's fascinating stuff and you're probably correct because you seem hella smart. However, the why and certainly the explanation of how remain elusive. Perhaps a better title for this particular video could be, "Cool Properties of Electricity".
alternating hollow and solid in sequential order will self flow change over distance due to absorption of cosmic and envirronmental change ratesz ;) ralph
a filament loop .. branch off a loop from loop to dim ...
say hi to ... what was her name ?
red pass through encodes lignuistically a new language is always resulted by ""code""  languages from english through color filtered 1 solar orbit ... that will reveal the engrish derviativesz
pass through a red light or receive in red light hear a different language perhapsz ???
but when you called yourself you heard yourself silent sporty davey ?
what do mean it was faster than light travelled phone call yet ... came in normal
so copper tubesz eh ... drink toast
Man, I don’t think this is a genuine response.  It seems like you retooled after many folks pointed out the antenna operation.   Would respect much more if you just went into this, now robust explanation, in a humble manner.   We are all always learning there’s no shame.
The first video basically told me ‘electricity doesn’t work how you thought it did’ but didn’t really leave any the wiser. The 1/c (as opposed to 1m/c) answer in particular left me scratching my head. I’m glad the pushback prompted you to make this one. The two together work really well.
Okay but what does electricity taste like?
What if the light bulb is in a Faraday cage? Does it not light up at all?
Question: Why do we need then the connecting wires if the fields transfer over even before they circumvent the full journey through the wire's corners? Wouldn't basically Tesla's wireless energy transfer be possible once you understand the reality of it?
get rekt nerds.
No such thing as electric
One of the best videos on Youtube. One question though - you mentioned electrons move at about a millions m/s in the filament which is clearly faster than c. Was that a mistake did I miss something?
I am an electrician and years ago I was asked to bring power to a tool shed over one hundred feet away from an outside GFCI receptacle. Once completed, I opened the switch, put a 60w filament light bulb in and energized the circuit. Light bulb worked. Then I went back to the source, and tripped the GFCI. And energized it, tripped it and re energized it. I went out to the shed, and the exploded bulb was all over the floor. I always just assumed this was the speed of power and the filament wasn't big enough to resist that speed. Waddya think?
I love watching smart people explain things under pressure while remaining humble and speaking softly. Bravo Sir.
except that you are Not working with Maxwell's equations, instead you're working with Heaviside Vectoral gross oversimplifications of Maxwell's equations written in a completely wrong notation and with fundamentally missing and misunderstood variables. In other words you're working with small parts of Maxwell's equations depicting only few special cases and few special outcomes confirming only special exceptions to reality rathet than anything resembling a complete picture.
Great job. You guys should be in charge of CDC, FDA, & NIH instead of those clowns.
Is this not what Tesla was testing with wireless power?  You know, before the "unpleasantness" with Edison's interference.
I watched this a few times and still dont get it, try again plz
QUESTION:  How does this relate to Nikolas Teslas attempt to transfer electricity wirelessly via his TOWERS & Earth & upper atmosphere?
Wish the pharmaceutical companies were this transparent.
Great thought patterns
You should provide the link to the previous video as well.
a scientific way to explain something that is only practical from an engineering perspective. Most people forget that almost everything we know (especially in engineering) is a model, most likely a simplified one at that. It is very important to know how is the model formed, what assumptions are made, and what negligible components are ignired. Most importantly, what conditions are the model valid for. The transmission line model was such a wakeup call for me when I first stumbled apon it back in the day. Also yes, your first video wasn't clear and not fir for publication at best. But it did do the job, opened a discussion, and now more people are better informed. good job!!
"...The bulb goes on whether the circuit is complete or not"   Ah, Physics, my screwdrivers also turn me of course, instead of me turning my screwdriver, it's only obvious this is true.  It's an amazing age we live in. I'll start saving my burnt light bulbs now, and convince them that they're actually "on", getting them to light.... that may be a different story.
Casual use of units from which guys? Hahaha!
This content and hardwork behind it is exceptional..thanks Vrstm👍👍
It is unfortunate that we still try to understand tridimensional phenomena with bi-dimensional analogies more so when it is about the atom where electrons in it do not ever move to another atom unless it is in an atomic fusion and or fision .... what occurs is the speed at which the potential difference becomes more or less balanced in our universe in which space time remains in constant flux differential where even the speed of "light" is not constant related to gravity.
All this drama, while electrons aren't really particles.
at first I thought how would the lightbulb light up on a broken circuit until I remembered my 8th grade physics of an everyday technology: antennas more specifically: dipol antennas. They aren't circuits yet there is current flowing thanks to the changing magnetic (in this case electric) field.
Love you guys. But could you direct your energy to places like, say ...Jackson, Mississippi where they cannot even get the municipal water system to work. Or Africa, where even if given ultra cheap PVC piping to move water, they still walk about with jugs on their heads.     Not all your time of course as we need brains to invent new things. Western civilization is great for these reasons. But carve out some time to organize certain places that are swirling the drain due to the low IQ'S,  incompetence and corruption. Look to the Mormans who spend one day a week helping the less fortunate among them.
finally recognized, now we can go forward in exponential leaps, can we surpass the Sankhya Karika teachings in sanskrit that tell much more than only one sutra of knowledge of the realm.👌
This second video really cleared things up for me and what I was taught (or more likely what I learned despite what I was taught) in electrical school.  I am not an EE and instead I just help herd the sheepdogs who herd the electrons so people's lights and tools come on when they want them to in the buildings they work in.  I'm just a commercial journeyman electrician who spends more time running the conduit and wires than thinking about the fields they will channel to the loads.
The time delay in the oscilloscope's probe wires is greater than that in the open ladder line of the circuit.
Call me out if I’m wrong but I’m mind blown. Any length of wire with current passing through it has a magnetic field. The longer the wire the more net magnetic flux there is. No matter the length of the wire, there is no noticeable magnetic response if you were to put a piece of iron near it. But if you coil the wire and localize all of that magnetic flux  you see a noticeable difference.
How about you put the wire 10 km apart and use a simple lamp chord.  What's happening there is the magnetic pulse is hitting the other conductor.With that size of conductor,  the magnetic field is much larger than usual. It's all about magnetic field power radiating into the space around it and inducing it into any metal object around it.  There is nothing to it.
How batteries and capacitors are charged and store or hold the "Electromagnetic Field"?
electrons = to divine = mystery
Good job...you totaly nailed them to the wall.Just like light electro is instant...it's on or off
The battery gives the copper wire the current which makes the electric field that makes the electrons of the wire interact with the electrons of the battery. De protons of the copper wire are fixt in the mass of the wire with electrons moving free around them. From battery untill the switch the field stil have a smal electric field its the interruption of the chain that brakes the chain by cutting of the flow of current from battery.
Give the two minute version.   This is too much talk-information,…. time is precious.
Thanks Derek for the awesome video. As an electrician for 40 years it finally makes sense!  I have a question though. We often use proximity testers to verify voltage in troubleshooting situations. For example in a 120 volt residential circuit, why does the proximity tester work on the hot wire and not the neutral wire? Any explanation would be very satisfying!  Thanks very much. Chris
"The cult of the bumping particle"
Still all of "electron flowing" is incorrect; There is no flowing of electrons so using the word flowing is a misnomer. You should think about it the same as the energy in the sound of your voice or the waves created at a shoreline when a stone is tossed into an open body of water. The water in the the water waves do not travel or flow from the stone to the shore, nor do the air molecule waves bearing the energy of your voice flow or move from your mouth to ears. So the energy is waves being generated in the electron fields that were already there. There is no flow, just electron frequency/field change, even a DC sources which operate by minute fluctuating intensity fields activating fluctuations in the fields around the wave guide. copper and aluminum wires just make excellent wave guides.  The greatest misnomer is the word resistance. Which when taken to the analogy of sound waves would be a vacuum. A "resister" has a lower ability to pass the electron frequencies.  I can understand someone saying that a wave on the surface of water has flow; it certainly looks like it is "flowing"; however, it is NOT flowing, it is merely oscillating along the water's surface wave guide; just as electrons oscillate along a copper or aluminum wave guide or even through the dark energy wave guide that resides outside of space/time as light, x-ray and radio frequencies do. In the case of the highest frequencies it is not even electrons being oscillated but rather up quark and down quark fields. Everything is intrinsically linked through dark energy and no one knows what speed frequencies change in dark matter/energy; perhaps it can even be the breadth of the entire universe or multiverse instantaneously, in which case the word "instantaneously" is a misnomer because it presumes time and time may be nothing short of an illusion.  Your initial example of the chain oscillations inside of the clear plastic tube is likely the best example explaining wave energy oscillations which would be very much indicative of a hollow wave guide antenna; oscillate the plastic tube over a solid core, and even have two solid cores with two plastic tubes linked with friction and you would have an simple example of a solid core wave guide. If you cut the end of the tube and fashioned a spring on the end so that the oscillating tube could only move part of the motion of the larger tube you would then have an example of resistor, the resistor would not heat up but then not all resistors do heat up.
Why is this not just an extension of what we already know about RF propagation and aerial design? What these videos seem to be saying, perhaps not surprisingly, is the electromagnetic and field phenomena are not just a feature of radio frequencies; they start their life even at DC. Seen like that it does not seem particularly novel.
You again omit the changing in the electro-magnetic field. You give wireless charging as an example, but these wireless chargers use high frequency circuits and coils of wire to transfer the energy. They are basically 1:1 transformers. Your examples, also the software, ONLY show direct current and this is MISSLEADING as transformers can not operate with direct current. They might spike an induction in the other coil but after that initial spike the transformer does NOTHING in a direct current, only a constantly changing of the em-field keeps the transformer running. Your explanation makes it look like a transformer could (and should) work with DC but it clearly does not!
At 11:30 is where you dun goofed.
Weellllp ... I'm more confused than I was before. Thanks! It's a good feeling to know that I can unlearn something I always "knew" and now have an opportunity to try and learn it properly ... no matter how daunting that seems right now. What a great opportunity to grow!
I'm standing on a neutron star with my magic umbrella and n95 mask (so I don't get crushed) and I throw a kite made of twenty 1 Watt bulbs, each 12 Volts at a black hole. The kite bulbs are connected in series to a bank of twenty 12 Volt batteries with a single debounce switch, which reside on the neutron star where I am standing. As the kite crosses the event horizon and approaches the speed of light, I flip the switch. The black hole is 1km away from where I am standing and was 23 solar masses when it was a star. The Hawking radiation requires at least a 50+ SPF lotion for protection. I also have a box of resistors, capacitors and coils next to me in case I have to add some inductance to the speaker wire used between the kite and battery (in case the zero ohm transmission wire forgot to have inductance or any other considerations that go with transmission wires in a vacuum, i.e. capacitance). How long does it take for the light bulb to turn on from the point of view of 1cm from the bulb? I would like this question to be answered with extreme confidence please.
Wires are more effective because they channel the field from source to load (his statement) is this a contradiction or an admission that their are many ways for the transfer of energy?
After you get all this settled, you should do a series on how we propagate photons through optical fiber for data communications. It's mind blowing .
❤️
Why, then, are electric wires insulated??
Incredible.
imagine if all science was done this way
Annnnd now THIS is his best yet, imho... mind friggin' blown.
At the bottom of all these fantastic ideas, experiments and interpretations it occurs to me all of it happens in pursuit of something elemental and basic called Homeostasis which is applicable to all matters I believe and always is present.
I am imagining a traveling wave at sea; the energy travels to shore, but the water molecules generally stay at the same place.  On a different note, when a city blackout occurs or when electricity returns, we can observe from a distance the movement of energy for a few seconds.
I wonder if the frequency is high enough and the wire is long enough there should be a voltage at the end of the wire at the same time be low at the beginning. I wonder if you had a wire long enough and just the right frequency could you power something with one wire like connect one end to the beginning of the wire and the other at the end and get a ac voltage or will it cancel out and no power will flow.
Some guy’s are getting hostile over this, dude take a breath! Chill!
Okay, my brain hurts now! But the WiFi in my home works my Bluetooth in my Earbuds!
Where's the flat-earthers?  Lol
I liked the comment about the video not being as DIY video about how to wire a light in your bedroom.  Gee, who knew.
You have it all wrong, the facts are that light bulbs are dark suckers and when energized they will suck the dark out of a room, that is why if you have a malfunction you will see black smoke coming out of the wires. All is good if you don’t let the smoke out!
Think about this: Youre socalled "fault" was the best thing you could have done. This created a cascading effect on people who all came up with simmilar experiments to make their own results, and so helped you to redo the experiment on another level with wich you created awareness among hundreds of people in the field who now realise the one and only truth......'there is no spoon.' (for those who don't get it; Watch 'The Matrix' A.S.A.P., and shame on you.)
I'm not an engineer or an electrician, but I remember years ago seeing fluorescent tubes being lit up just being near high voltage lines and my  mind was blown and I realised back then that electricity and energy transmission was not what I thought it was. As a non expert but interested person I say bravo! 👏
ohm my god!
Why do I feel dumber after watching this video?
The same applies to the human body and experience. Thus as the old saying goes, we are all connected.
I'm kind of bummed that we didn't get the money shot.  I would have liked to have seen the oscilloscope at rest, with ambient noise, and then the circuit getting closed, seeing the output (maybe in slow mo) and then reviewing the findings.  Either way, the results were shocking.
You should look at it in a wider context.  If you wanted clues, one clue could be.   If I close my vision on a carriage of a moving train, do I stop time?  17:05 Your diagram acts like a capacitor.
Now try this with RF energy, radio signal generation, coupling to antennas, antenna behavior.  A whole new level of issues with resonance, stray vs intended signal paths, etc.  :O
Good work … now go revisit the wind-propeller-cart series. Like perpetual motion, show me a working model.
I have so many ?s now lol
I think it’s funny this has no dislikes. Which means he probably won. 😂
Try talking so normal humans can understand you
The lattus is the sandwich
oh thanks for that Mindblow. Finally understood  how electricity works. And it is actually so banal and intuitiv. If you take the outside of the wire into account it suddenly makes sense.
This is why EMC engineers look at the on part of the pulse differently, that’s full of rf.  looks like a sub-10 ns rise-time, suggesting frequency components over 100 MHz.
You wrong, it's dark energy. The one you can't see.
Feel sorry for your former students.  🤦🏻‍♂️
I love it when confident critics are proven wrong! Shows how much they think they know and teaches me to avoid similar assumptions. Old but gold video, great job Veritasium
I think I'm confused because at one point, maybe in the last video, I thought it was said that the electrons barely move. But in this video they're being said to flow.
Guy who hasn’t done engineering degree discovers EMF and wastes his time and ours in the process.  What a twat.
At 20:19, first step's magnitude is Vbat*Zbulb/(Zbulb+Zcable). Of course depending on the value we choose for Zbulb we can have a significant first step. In the original video, it was an incandescent light bulb (for which the resistance is really low). In this new video, the chosen load is 1100 Ohms, which explains why the first step's magnitude is not negligible anymore.
In my physics stage 1 class the professor posed the question regarding James Thurber's cartoon about the empty light bulb socket. What happens when you turn the switch on? He left it as homework for us to think about.
I never understood the way they thought us about electricity so I guess they didn't teach us the real information at all.
This is why i love Science, you cant just bs your way through it 😂
2 names in your Patreon list aren’t capitalized… “john kiehl” and “jim buckmaster”.
Wouldn't any experiment, imagined, simulated or physical have to take into account the materials and composition of the wire, conductivity, its dimensions, insulation, atmospheric pressure, humidity, temperature, magnetic fields?
I hope someone can answer this… I’m confused, because I’ve had to replace spark plug wires in my car, due to insulation breakdown leading to current leak. I’m trying to rectify the “current leak” w/ what you’re saying re: external field(s)…
Curious how an insulating jacket that sheaves a wire works in this case... wouldn't that interfere with propagation?
That's just like you.
THANK YOU!! as a person that is sensitive to EMF I always knew the energy was all around the circuit. Robert Becker touches on this in his book "The Body Electric" but he is shouted down as a fool.
Electro Boom!
GOOOOOGLE IS A THING...
So in essence we have: The effect of the field between the switch and the bulb is orders of magnitudes lower than the power transmitted by the fields in the wires. So my take is that the claim of the original video is still wrong. Pulling back behind "this was just a thought experiment" and emphasizing on a minor side effect as "the effect" to prove "power is not transmitted through the cable" is still pointing into the wrong direction. The bulk of the power is still transmitted through the cable. And BTW: We do not use cables "because it is more efficient". We use cables because without cables the transmitted power is getting ridiculously low (by square or cube depending on the transmitter) when increasing the distance. My take is: The claim of the original video is plain wrong. This video tries to save it and fails.
Thanks for clearing that up. I mean, I still don't know wtf you're talking about or how electricity works (or doesn't?), but still, good effort. 👍
I really like you, Derek.  Your videos are well-written, entertaining, & fun.  My question isn't at all an attack, but more a _"request"_ 4 you to further expand:  How can you explain then — when charging/"jumping" a car — why _only_ the positive cable need-be hooked up to the battery, whereas the negative side may only be clamped onto the chassis/frame?  Is that more an aspect of the electrical design of cars or a "fundamental" aspect of electricity?
Why does it only show a fraction of the voltage right after switching it on, and the the rest after a delay? Doesn't that contradict the claim that the length of the wires don't have an effect on the time it takes to bring the energy to the light bulb?
Now, what happens when the wire is shorter than the radial distance between the battery and the resistor but still connects them? Say our very long wire passes through an area (or several areas) of compressed space-time that the radial distance between the two points does not. What happens when the shortest distance between two points is not a line, but a wire?
So is this to say that if you were to put the battery + switch and bulb at the east-west ends (rather than north-south ends) of that circuit, it would take the bulb about 1s to turn on?
Veritesium  first of all solve this debate ..does transformer transforms energy or power or voltage ..thank
Why you want to convince us that you are  right ..this should be your opinion .
Seems like you went the long way around to prove you can make a capacitor out of some long wires. I don't think you proved the energy is in the fields and not the electrons. Just that you can transfer the energy through a field as well as the wires.
Not convinced.  The question posed in the title has nothing to do with when it “turns on”.    You are exploring/experimenting on a different topic.  Does electricity flow in wires to keep your lightbulb on? Not to turn your light bulb on.  The question posed in your title is one of steady state and has not been addressed by this experiment or pair of videos.
Thank you, this is fascinating! All the illustrations of circuits are symmetrical and equidistant. If the + side (100,000km) was much longer than the - side(10m), would it interfere with the work of the battery?
Fascinating!
Communication that includes errors, ill-defined elements, and un-popularly accepted concepts and ideas leads to a greater scientific understanding.  Communication is in fact a prerequisite to any scientific inquiry.   Did you support the communication of ideas during the human reaction to Covid or did you validate censorship?  The latter antithetical to science.   I love your content.  I however question people's dedication to science once it's been fouled with obedience/politics/bias/narratives.
Well, that's a lot of words for telling: "It is right because electrical induction causes a current in the near by light bulb before the electric field runs the long way through the whole circuit.  But those are some good animations to understand what this means.
This guy explains everything much clearer than all those other useless electrical gurus
Total fantasy Mr Muller. You are not a Magellan or a Kelvin.
Derek, this is amazing. Since I saw an article on what happens if 1% of someone's electrons being taken away from their body would destroy the earth(or close), I've had much greater respect for electrons. It's changed everything ic about electric current. Even lightning bolts are just nanoscopic shifts of electrons. I sure enjoy your videos!
Naughty mr Veritasium.
This might be a boomer but I can  prouve all this with just an exemple that is on for over 20 years: the OFF status LED you many have in your house that is lighted even being serial connected to the circuit... 😁
he just make antenna and transmitter. and says "look, this is the way how electricity moves on" this is very unacceptable way to explain about circuits.
he is wrong. In that experiment, the light turns on only few nano seconds from radio wave source. but when people heard of the "turn on" words, people expect light turns on for long.  And the way he explain is wrong, In his last video he said poynting vector is the direction of energy but ,in real, the direction of vector is the direction of line. I think he is confused about this. so He should apologize it.
11:46 "I apologize for the casual use of units". It was not a "casual" use. Just wrong. And it's not an apology when implying that others were just splitting hairs about this. It didn't even make the video shorter or more accessible. It just made one wonder what other basic things could be wrong, distracting from the main points.
Your videos help me nap 😴 x .75 playback is perfect
Thank you. This video has reignited my curiosity bug and how wonderful mundane things really are
Still waiting for paint that we can paint on our walls to start slow charging our wireless devices as soon as we walk through our doors...
Does this have anything to do with the idea that electrons can be waves in particular situations?
Thank you for the effort to "transmit" this concept to us everyday folk.
In the previous video, I found it really hard to understand electricity. Now, I understand it less. Great video!
It is better to do and be criticized than not doing at all. Great job for your thought experiment. Thank you for the enlightenment in the field of electricity
work but so people are but they need to learn first.
but there is no electric field in a conductor after field cancellation transient period has elapsed ??
Oh. Peer review. And here I was thinking opinions only matter
Ken wheeler and Eric Dollard is correct
At the start of all this, I took the distance between the battery and the bulb to be irrelevant as with the distance between the wires.
*WRONG AGAIN!*
Bro. You explained it in a way I finally understood it. Didn't seem misleading. At least not when you consider it was misleading before your explanation
Charged drama..
This is exactly why I struggled for a long time to understand how to design an antenna. How can it transmit power if there’s no current, and how can there be a current if it’s not a circuit? Huge breakthrough was necessary.
Cough TESLA Cough Maxwell Cough Heaviside. It's really sad how their contributions to field theory physics and electrical engineering have been forgotten and actively ignored and push out education system by the particle/string theory of physics gang. To the point where a clearly faulty theory of electrical transmission rules the day in most educational environments. I love Rick Hartley stern warning at 21:30 to the folks he is lecturing "it all about the fields" it seems to me he talked to many grad students who say it looks good on paper why doesn't my prototype work 😥😉.
21:28  Never understood why If E & H fields are carried by photons like light energy, then why can't they be seen like light energy? Or can they with the right equipment?
Force
Great video, what about if the wires are insulated (e.g. like in a home) ?  Maybe the question has already been asked but 19848 comments without a search features ...
Magnets
This time you show, what is going on, but you print one effect onto an experiment, which is not meant for that. What you showed is field induction, and it is a great thing. And as you have shown here, it works without a conection in the wires, because it has nothing to do with the circuit. You use a circuit in your experiments, where the same effect can take place, but as said is completely independent of the circuit.  To take one effect onto an experiment, which does not show this directly or induce other possible interpretations, than the proper experiment (here, that source an consumer are on the same circuit, as the fals interpretations), is happening surprisingly often in science. Often to answer something quickly and simple, to not have to go into deeper details and maybe deeper follow up questions. I dont think that is the reason here, because you made it more complicated, but it shows nicely the risk that this carries.
It is possible to counter the magnetic energy field by creating another one with opposite polarities
Confused now. Before you said energy was not transferred through electrical cables / conductors . Now you say it is. So which is it?
The reason you got pushback on the original video is it was basically video "clickbait" designed to drive engagement. While an interesting interesting experiment I am glad you admit the original video was a mistake and confusing leaving out key information. We need less clickbait science "gotcha" videos and more scientists videos with clear explanations. Personally, since you admit that video was a mistake, I wish you wouldn't run ads against this. I am even ashamed I am commenting on here driving even more engagement, but maybe you will change.
To me, this explains why batteries discharge in storage while a bottle of water doesn't dry up. The energy is not lost through loss of electrons but through the fields.
Yes, you have roughly demonstrated the Telegrapher’s equation that Oliver Heaviside came up with in 1876 and one that I use on a regular basis in my engineering work.  It is not a great example as you have two balanced lines with unbalanced terminations but okay, it does show the concept.  You also claim that all the energy is transmitted in fields but this argument falls apart for the steady state DC circuit as all fields are static and therefore cannot transmit energy, only the current flow through the static e-field can do so.
I thought you were going to MEASURE the time for the bulb go on in your setup. Or is it  unmeasurable?
This is a nightmare !  In a couple of months, my son (16 years old) will begin the study of electricity in high-school...If the answer to such a simple question is so complicated,  the future seems bleak 😱
Reminds me of that time I broke up a fistfight between Nikolai and Thomas
At the risk of making a fool of myself (you guys are way over my pay grade) I picture an infinitely long, 60 ohm coax cable. If that cable is connected to a 60 DC battery (series of batteries) 1 amp will flow into that cable and proceed to draw down the battery towards death (or an equilibrium?). Of the energy not lost to heat, the remaining is stored as a field (the dielectric space). The electrons [on the negative side) are gathered on the SKIN of that conductor (as in "skin effect"). If the coax is "closed" (shorted), the flow of electrons would occur as fast as the collapsing of the field (a field that exists throughout the length of the coax).
The one bit I don't understand (lol, the ONE bit) is how this works for DC? I always thought a field or the component had to be moving for it to induce a current and field? Or is it a case that for DC the capacitance between the two wires provides that changing field till topped up? But what happens once the capacitance of the wire is fully topped up? There will be no moving field then? So doesn't that mean the power must be coming from in the wires?
If electrons don't move in the wire, then how does electric discharge machining work where it is taught that moving electrons (in DC Circuit) strike the machining surface and create heat thereby evaporating the material to get desired shape cavity.
Video 2 electric Boogaloo
Electric field carries the energy? If I have a tiny circuit I get a tiny electric field to carry energy, but if I got a huge electric circuit means i got a huge electric field and loads of energy. Jesus you invented a way to multiply energy from nothing..!
can you perform this experiment with actual superconducting wires pls. That would be cool af
Don't spend too much time proving all these other guys wrong. We are all watching YOUR CHANNEL for a reason & not theirs. They will just give you gray hairs. Us fans listen and our not judging you at every moment. Your logical & methodical on all talking points.
My brain just exploded 😎
No, not everyone. I'm surprised that so many people didn't see it as a thought experiment.
5 minutes in...you know what? I'll take your word for it.
I hate they dumb information to "teach it better". Teach well or don't teach at all, I don't want to hear filthy lies 😤
Good science testing.  If he tried to describe his theory and it was about COVID his account would be banned.
I’m just very very happy that this smart, amazing and beautiful corner of internet exists. The response videos,the comments and the discussions this triggered…. Wow!
I feel like he moved the goalposts a bit, here. In the previous video, the insinuation was that "electricity doesn't flow on wires", and then a dive into the Poynting vector without much discussion about the _magnitude_ of energies delivered through EM waves outside of the wire versus inside. If you really think the majority of the energy isn't carried by the wires, put the bulb inside of a metal box (forming a Faraday cage which should prevent any EM waves from getting in) and run your wires through a tiny hole into the box to the bulb. The vast majority of EM wave power outside of the wires should be blocked, but the light will still light.  This video is a _great_ deep dive into transient EM effects on conductors at the microscopic level, but what he's _now_ describing is a radio transmitter with a dipole antenna transmitting a single pulse to a nearby receiver with a similar dipole antenna. You can snip the far ends of the loop (like he mentioned about the far end of the circuit being open) and the light may still light (depending upon the voltage of the battery, the impedance of the bulb, and how close the wires are to each other)... for a _moment_. But then, this is the phenomenon that Marconi discovered over 100 years ago, and it's, essentially, the method Nicola Tesla wanted to use to beam power all over the planet. The EM simulations of the wire _are_ very cool, but they're simulating the _transient_ response of the system, it's similar to why you hear buzzing on an AM radio next to a Tesla coil or near a car without resistor spark plugs. Simulate the system 1 second after closing the circuit, and you're not going to see those wave-fronts hitting the far wire and inducing a brief, damped wave in the wire.
It’s like a car’s ignition coil. Roughly speaking.
Can someone link all the response videos to this
Here’s a new question. I can definitely understand that Electricity doesn’t flow like water but acts like the ripples in a pond going outwards, but how does that work when we add insulation to the wires? Better yet, what happens when we make our circuit longer than it is rather than wider? How does that affect the flow of electricity in a Maxwellian environment rather than a simplified Ohm one?
b2b (batteries-to-bulb) how does *the MIND* affect alll of that??
Wish you discussed the inherent resistance of the circuit you say you would use theorhetical semi conductor lines but did you mean to assume that every junction was to have 0 resistence as well? Also wish you mentioned the lag of voltage to current when calculating time.
Great Video, helped me a lot to find an answer to the question why the electrons "knew" where to, when and how many should move!!
Don't make waves damnit! 😤 MAKE TSUNAMIS! 😁😁😁 (They're "WAVE" more fun) Energy and Wires and Loads, Oh My...Grindr "hook-up"
So what is it that Ohms are used to measure resistance of ?
Super vidéo, bravo
When I was taught in school about the electron pushing electron I wondered right then and there what happens if you have a copper wire connected to an aluminum wire and all the electrons from the copper wire are moving into the aluminum and so forth. I thought that would turn the aluminum wire into some weird kind of copper, it doesn't. Trying to figure out why that didn't happen I came up with the conclusion that the wires on the pole were just big antenna elements which I think is something what you're talking about, possibly.
Wow! This is what I said the light is always on, yes! And I know nothing about electricity! You are opening up the light , not turning it “on”.
You twist. Depending on the media. Plastic chair plastic table plastic bucket plastic network plastic cellphone what else.
When you have a broken conductor path you’ll have arc fault problems. How does this theory deal with that phenomenon?
Innovation and intelligence seem to be shunned or just go over peoples heads these days! Keep doing what you’re doing man you’re a genius 🙌🙌🙌🙌
I'm fascinated by how many mistakes you  admit you made in your previous explanation while still claiming you are correct.
Could someone explain to me how there can be both a surface charge on the conductor as well as the statement "the charge density everhwere inside a conductor is 0" hold true? It would seem that if there's a surface charge then the charge density is skewed to be positive or negative, unless the surface charge somehow doesn't change the density by proportionally lowering the charge on the core of the conductor. I'm not sure what the explanation for this would be though, why the charge would be unevenly distributed between the surface and the core of the conductor. If there's another solution, I'd love an explanation!  Also, I presume that if the cirquit is broken somewhere you would still get that initial small burst of electicity as shown at 19:04 with the jump to 4 V, but then it would drop down again to 0 V instead of stabilising at ~20. Is this correct?
great job, thanks Ralph Morrison for coming out with this theory.  This also explains how antennas work. this is all about fields and transmission lines.
So your circuit is part traditional circuit, part traditional transformer - congratulations.  Your determination to keep people from the Luminiferous aether is impressive, but wasted on me. There are forces of repulsion between electrons and that is the primary driving force for current, as your very own video demonstrates.  Humans will eventually swim through the aether, no matter how many representatives like you the gods have on earth attempting to keep all their sheep in the paddock known as Earth. :)
The rubbish @ the 5:00 mark -  The electrons are pushed in at one end, there is thus a greater electron density and thus a greater negative charge which creates the electric field that continues this flow of energy through the wire. i.e. exactly the same way as water in a pipe i.e. via the forces of repulsion between the particles.
Electromagnetic waves are created in every direction. The wire is just needed as a focusing channel, so it doesnt get all over the place and stays in line.
Still incorrect and misleadning
I think this is one of the top 5 explanation videos from your channel
Good to hear no one here knows what's happening with electricity. Could have reduced this to a two minute video. Thanks!
NO !!!!!    IMHO !!!    I have to disagree.   Just like the toy one buys that has the 5 steel balls each hanging by a line coming out of each side... the five balls touching, but if you lift one and let it fall, one ball on the other end will move.  2 balls lifted and dropped, then 2 on the other side like wise move.  Or another example would be a line of balls on a pool table.   I am not saying electromotive force is not surrounding the wire. Indeed it is. If not transformers would not work.   What I am saying is that electricity moves through a conductor because at the atomic level, electrons are being knocked out of orbit. This creates an instability... something nature abhors.   The electrons at the atomic level want to attain equilibrium ... and they will .... when the power source is removed.   So in conclusion, electricity flows due to actions inside the conductor ... which in turn causes EMF lines of flux around said conductor.
A little OT. so, assuming electricity "travels" almost instantaneously, regardless of the distance.  1. A hypothetical wire between Earth and Mars could be used to send and receive messages without the delay we experience currently.  2. Building on that, if there was a wireless equivalent, NASA would be all over that. I'm convinced there isn't a means to maintain a electromagnetic/electronic connection between the two. 3. Is quantum entanglement BIS for instantaneous communications (digitally)?
Love this, Shepard example was a cool way to think about it
This is solid evidence that the universe is computed. I don't say this flippantly.  The surface charges can only change faster than the speed of light if there is a subjective computation that makes this possible. Think about it...
This was great. I still never heard what a "field" is -- electric or magnetic. How are they alike, how different? and ....What is a field? Thanks
electromagnetism is literally real life's hard magic system
I have to accept that I will never understand electricity. 😥
I was thinking a field is built around the load like a magnet The load dampens the field causing heat  Using resistance inductance or capacitance  To control the field The load is set  The field can be changed  Doing what people want wether DC or AC Ac just has the field expanding and contracting Not really a electron flow
You've proven you are the ultimate  physics professor, time and time again!
You have succeeded in exposing other men's jealousy in you!  Weird but cool!
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
First, thanks for the second video clarifying your first - which did not adequately explain how far the light bulb was from the switch.
Great info -
Yes, this is physics ...
Love it 👍
Wires are antennae that "channel" the field.  But where Do fields come from?  New video.  Beyond EE.  Beyond physics.  Fields are a stop-gap.
Please clarify this: If is necessary to use a wire to transport a field strong enough to generate the required power, as in any common home electric application today, like turning on a bulb, the velocity is given by the field moving in the wire, c, right? In normal cases does not matter the parasitic field that can be interacting with the wire, that is fluxing in the Air. Right?
Not a scientist ....  I think it's both
Great explanation of subject but can you also prove that earth is spherical?
Question: Would the experiment fail if the wires were coated like wires normally are?   I mean, we never observe this phenomenon in our household. If I have a microwave and a phone charger next to each other, the phone charger doesnt magically charge when I turn on the microwave. Is this because the wires are coated and the electromagnetic field is somehow contained by the rubber?
Ackchyually, the video. 😆 You've experience the Wikipedia effect. In essence, there are no stronger forces on the internet than someone saying something "wrong" and having a bunch of nerd show up to correct them.   "This was not an engineering question" Well, if you aren't doing engineering, then you should probably stick to schematics because if you use actual props, people are going to be using those props to deduct fundamental properties. You don't show a cow if you want people to imagine a perfectly spherical cow in vacuum with no resistance, and not specify we are talking about perfectly spherical cows in vacuum. 🤣
Thank you
@23:00 this is the Viki Weisskopf method, q.v. Murray Gell-Mann's reminiscences.  Weisskopf used to make all sorts of mistakes, more than you, but he was a great teacher, the students had to work to check the blackboard notes, but he was also a warm and kind mentor.
For me, the common man on the street, this detail is not essential.
It's not that deep. Ofcourse it gets shorter when you modify the circuit into that new version. We weren't talking about that
Well done in answering critics in such a classy way. It was clearly a thought experiment on physics in a YouTube format. And not a wiring tutorial.
Actually the light would light up 2m/c as the observer is also a meter away if located at the switch ;)
What did Charles Prometheus Shultz say?
I have a major question, is he saying the wire does not actually transfer the energy and its actually the "electric field" that does?  Doesn't that mean that a lot of energy is lost by transfer/leaking out of the wire to the surroundings? Why don't we see a lot of loss when we transfer energy down a cable? Is that because cables are insulated so keeping the "electric field" contained preventing the energy from escaping and/or the field is actually very weak so it doesn't loose much?  This also means you don't actually have to touch a wire for the energy to jump to you correct?  This is something I would have to watch at least a couple of times to fully grasp assuming this video had all the information.
Why did you build the experiment so high? Wouldn’t it work also 0,5 m from the ground?
@11:20 (roughly) how does the light bulb light up at the speed of light? (2.4m/c) I assume he is using copper wires.  IIRC, energy/electric travels below the speed of light in copper. I thought electricity travels at different speeds in different materials.  Or am I confusing the speed of electricity in material with a different situation?  I know sound and data transfer at different speeds in different material but I thought plain old electricity was the same.
Great video again..... my following question would be what is really killing us when touching an wire if we are normally moving through number of energy transmitting electric fields unharmed all day long?
So if the energy is in the fields, how come light bulbs in the circuit light up, but lightbulbs *near* the circuit do not? Wouldn't the near bulbs be in the field?
Couldn’t this be tested by plugging a battery in to its circuit and not turning it on and testing it against the energy spent from a natural decay of a battery not connected to any circuit?  So the relative energy spent from a battery plugged into a circuit not activated vs not plugged in to anything.
I know I'm way out of my depth here, but would it be of value to do the same experiment but with iron covering the wires?
Ur regressive. Its no longer that crucial to know how long does it take for electricity to travel and light a bulb. That is an issue during Henry Fiord's time.
Very similar antenna discussions talking about transmitters, receive elements and signal reflectors along with directional elements at the speed of light electric/magnetic propagation fields along the harmonic Frequencies... K5EDG
So Teasla was right !? - Its a dickish move , that we COULDT get electricity for free , in ABUNDENCE , had we gone the Tesla Route , with Wardenclyffe Towers - but now its too late , the socalled "Deepstate" WILL kill you , if you speak up , or make youre own electricity - - just like The inventor who made a car that ran on water - This planet is so doomed !
I was at my cousin's house and she told me an electrician told her every circuit had a parasitic draw (even when open).  I took Physics at the J.B. Speed and I do not remember anything like that. But you just demonstrated that.   So, my question is: Are we 'really' wasting energy with fields affecting other circuits (even left 'open') in the routing of Romex?? IOW: if I route 5 3wire Romex through the same holes, is it parasitic because they are so close together?  Is the 'ground' wire, in a single 3 wire, also wasting energy?
So, if UFO are using Gravity for “Propulsion” and you insert this electricity explanation into it. then they are not being propelled.
How then is electrical usage measured or metered?
Why ten feet up?
Diameter of the wire has to meet the need. If not you'll need a booster🙂
wow. intelligence is in the wire but wisdom flows in the field. Very Smart videos but the sheep wolf and Shepherd metaphor is what I came for
For every negative there is a positive ❣️
It turns on instantly.  It's the same as when someone dies, Apart from the Silver Chord instantly with God. ❣️
You are still way off about electricity. A live battery has a magnetic field as you can easily detect with a handheld compass.  And if you test many batteries you will find the compass needle sometimes attract the positive terminal and sometimes the negative terminal..
So some small amount of power is transferred to the wire across space due to the electric field - makes sense!  Is it also true then that the full power doesn't reach the bulb until (length of wire from battery to bulb) / (speed of light) has passed? (the time it takes for the electric field to propagate along the wire to the bulb?)
now show us this entire process, but under strange events like an EMP, I would LOVE to see how such pulses disrupt everything, and how we can stop it!
So , what to say about  Ohms 1° law?  U=Rxi🤔
1 over 3 3/1 see tryangles 3.14 see back 3.6 pi is boverd b over d a over b 1/2 2/4 . See loss current 90% see 10% see humans tax in october 270° 90° shorts out see 90° into 270° ⁰⁰3 SEE 1/3 36 IS 9BACK SEE AC 60HZ SOUND FREQUENCIES CURRENTS HIGH CABLES LOW WATTS 1 OHMS 2 SEE 1=X 2=0 SEE STICK IN HOLES CURRENTS. Did the earth move for you sir. Galaxies im floatings in dreams. Extacy E see you kill each other for drugs bottle neck chokes points eye not dsl is not duplex they choke points resistors. Capasitors hold non bios. See constant flows the potential. Magnetica ions atenu8ts attention bright idea dark mater 4/4 1/1 see magnetics plates charges phones see micro switches. Just saying time from light to eye see brain knows the bulb lights on switch. It iluminates lumins candles powers 400 10 lumins. So 5 to 1 x/.5 1/2 AC current ± see Ø is pythagorus was a theory ohms law 2 to 1 see ØXŒœ. ±≡≠≈ radio waves. Radio telescopes do what?. If no atmosphears how do you not see no freequencys sound in airs 1 water 5000 shark can sence ± 0.1pk faridays cages chest protects heart. Currents low voltage high see amps throws you off could kill you dc current will kill you with 12 volts to jewels charge up paddles cappasitor discharge ht. Combustion engines sparks. See burn fuels oils coals sun plants need co2 it how they convert light to matter green grass most abundant sauce algie bio phospheresents asalts. Elmoes fire lightning charges the seas O-
Having two switches close to the source. One on - and one on the + therefore  eliminating the initial field and all the extra overthinking. At least for us average genius’s. Simultaneously turning them on and run your time experiment. May show different perspectives yet unknown. Just a brainstorm outloud
electrons do not move through the battery! Ions do! Ions are charged particles so the electromagnetic field explanation still applies
This fulfills my intuition. I have never understood moving electrons
What is the effect  EMF on birds in flight?
What causes electricity to arch?
Is this why a ground wire is needed ?
So can you explain the flow rate through a meter that we get charged money for? If circuits are close and have electrons flowing through he magnetic field generating a current. How are the meters attached to our house not counting the flow here? I have seen disruptions and even an increase of electrical current readings in a switch board of HVAC systems. If you can not accurately state or track the flow of the particles what are we paying for?
I'd be curious to see how this field explanation would be illustrated if the circuit was a giant circle, rather than an elongated rectangle.  With the rectangular circuit design, it's easy to visualize how each half of the path acts as half of a capacitor.  But if the circuit was a circle with a circumference of one light-second, how would one illustrate the resulting fields, and would the circuit behave any differently?  Also, in either the rectangular or the circular designs, what happens if you place the light bulb into the circuit right next to the switch, but still have to travel along the full 1 light-second of wire in order to complete the circuit?
Q. WHAT ROLE DO FIELDS PLAY IN THE DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT?  For example, if fields motivate electrons to move and a moving electron disturbs the fields, does blocking off one of the slits prevent disturbances in the fields from interfering with the path of the electron which created a disturbance in the first place?  If that is the case, then the electron would only ever go through one of the slits at a time.  However, with both slits open, the distrubances in the fireld could travel ahead through both slits at the speed of light unhindered and interfere with the path of the much slower electron as it travelled through.  Here's a deeper question... if an electron's energy causes vibrations in the fields, would the directional doppler effect in the fields result in higer energy shorter wavelengths preceeding the electron, and cause the electron to be motivated to move in that direction, away from the lower energy longer wavelengths behind? @veritasium
Love the video, in your setup. It would seem that a grounded metal plane (not infinite in extent)  placed between the switch and light would then block the field from propagating directly to the light, rather forcing it to go around. That is somewhat counterintuitive for sure
Hi Derek, I'd like to ask this, how the field knows that the wire on both ends are connected? And what would happen to the field flowing between the switch and bulb (let say halfway mark) then we cut the wire from the farthest end (ex. half a light year distance)? Will the field from switch to bulb suddenly stopped? If yes, would that violate the speed of light thingy? Thanks!
Thank you, thank you, thank you! All through school including my Engineering degree (circa 2004), I intuitively knew that explanation provided didn't make sense, but no one ever mentioned the Lumped Element Model. This lack of explanation made the explanation of electronics  feel contrived and confusing. This new understanding to me opens the possibility of understanding the universe and even ideas around near light speed communication. So, thank you!
So you're getting the power from locally excited field collisions?
this dude on this channel gets lots of proof and thats of massive value.....
This is much better than the first video indeed.
Noone cares
If you ignore material resistance. What about super conducters? I get what you're trying to say but it's a fundamental misrepresentation imo
Better statement wouldnt be how electricity actually works... more like, after further review this is how electrictiy works to the best of my knowledge.
over my head ??? all i know is i flip tha switch an tha lite comes on ! an if it dont , i holler hay honnie jue pay tha lectric bill ?
so what are "charges on the battery" defined as ? ( if not the slowly flowing  electrons?) ..and did I see the flow of electrons depicted as leaving the negative end a d entering the positive end of the battery?)  🤷🏻‍♂️
Mr. Veritasium, PLEASE ADMIT  THAT YOU WERE FLAT OUT WRONG.  PERIOD.  That's the essence of BEING AN HONEST SCIENTIST.  Your SECOND VIDEO was not a scientific explanation.  It was just A WASTE of time explaining that you were MISUNDERSTOOD in your FIRST video.   YOU SIMPLY ARE DISHONEST... MAN.  ADMIT IT - - - PERIOD!
Nice work!
Btw love your videos ☺️
Can you recommend a video for difference between lumped model and Maxwell model
This is a good example of humans using models of varying resolution to model reality. The lump model isn’t false, but it’s not the whole truth. The whole truth is at a greater resolution. Even the field model is just the next resolution. I’m sure there are about four more resolutions (or more) before we hit the resolution of reality floor.   Also, I’m an EE and this helps explain so much when I’m troubleshooting circuits with a scope. I always figured it was the scope. Thanks!
I once heard an antenna guy say that everything wants to radiate.  This is what he meant.  All circuits are really just channeling the E/H fields.  Sometimes the energy goes to something you are connected to (lightbulb), and sometimes the energy goes to something you are not connected to (radio).  But the energy is out there, all circuits radiate, everything is an antenna, good antennas just direct more of the energy in a particular direction.
Just a simply astounding video. Both the scientitfic content and production quality. Bravo!
Why close the switch?
Throwback to senior EM Fields when the professor told us that everything we learned about EM and circuits in the first 3.5 years of college was a lie.
The electrical current to water in pipe analogy doesn't carry far.
Until someone can tell me what depletes in a battery if not the electrons [being that according to this theory, they spend no energy because it is an electro/mag field that delivers the charge to the device], how am I or anyone else who questions this aspect supposed to believe in this concept? In all the weeks since I first posted this question, no one has answered it and, I also notice that no one else has asked this question either so, what's going on?
By making a video like this you have to make a video and experiments on Nikola Tesla and "Free Energy."
Damn kill them with kindness!!
Well done! The Internet is once again at equilibrium.
Interesting. If a current is induced even in a disconnected wire... then you don't even need to complete the circuit to get the light to respond. Just having the parallel wires should be sufficient.
Blows my mind that we are still arguing over things as simple as batteries wires and light bulbs in 2022. :-)
Man keep it simple the POTENTIAL THAT IS CREATED BY TWO OPPOSING POLES CREATS THE MAGNETIC FIELD SOOO ITS THE ELEMENT IN THE LIGHT BULB  OR THE POTENTIAL CONTACT POINT OF ANY APPLICATION   much simpler
I love how trying to change a basic concept just made a mess and left a bigger mess for a divulgation channel uwu.
"wire spacing not to scale" 😂
I subbed for respect of redemption lol
Free Energy is possible
simple   its   magical ....... little  elves  and ferries  secretly  make things  work while they   are   invisible  to our sight
You ignored the gap between the object out there and you the sensing subject. How did that light get to where you see it and where is that? You have a dual electrical system to explain. You say nothing about your subjective nervous system..
microhenries...my new favorite unit
This whole setup looks like two antennae to me. Not very effective way to learn about radio waves transmission but...
So the force in star wars is real 🤯
I thought there was a wizard doing all the work....
MISTAKES!!! It was gobedygook!!!
Dc flowing through a capacitor wow
Ouch, getting roasted by the YouTube science community. Mistakes made, corrected them and moved on.
Fastest way to get the right answer...
It's still magic
I'm glad you did the follow up video Derek, because you are right this digs deeper into the original question and explains it a bit better. Thanks as always for sharing your interesting insights!
I don't believe in electricity.
Nice. The previous vid did seem misleading but I get your idea now. Much respect for your humble but enthusiastic approach here.
Isn't voltage the measure of field strength? As an electrochemist, coming from the chemistry side more than the physics side, it leaves me questioning a lot of the things that I do on a regular basis.
?
Capacitor store electric field with electrons in its dielectric. When fed to a chok coil electron travel and develop magnetic field. Feed back is electron to the capacitor with electc chrge
Remember Telsa was working on wireless engery transfer so so long ago.....
Sorry but not feeling clever today.... I understand the principal of the electric field rather than electricity  strictly contained in the wire BUT I don't understand how the power source can then specifically affect one target - it seems that such a field would have the same initial effect (not full current but above "leakage" levels) on all nearby targets.  For example, 2 bulbs are side by side, only 1 is connected to the power source (1 metre away as in the videos example). Don't both bulbs benefit from the electric field that "jumps" the 1 metre gap, before the "wire specific"(??) Field properly lights the connected bulb while the non-connected remains unlit?
Sodium create the same magnetic field as leads?  Or is it distributed differently?  Thanks 🙏 💕
Looks like you are at Stanford near the old quad where the pomegranate trees would grow.
It's still cool how the plasma or fields deposit copper atoms onto the nails in the fence!
Dear veritasium I thnk you might have told the wrong formula of impedence...as Z=√(R^2+(Xl-Xc)^2)
This serves as a demonstrative explanation to how Tesla was planning to transmit wireless energy... if you mimic (by transmission) the identical electron flow pattern within the cable, in theory you can eliminate the cable and take energy directly from the air (transmission) by utilising the electron flow 'pattern' (field) to extract the power... reminiscent to extracting energy from a vibration at the receiving end by a device. Where Tesla may be behind in relation to today's theory... it could be possible to mimic the same electron pattern utilising photons... meaning it should be possibe to extract energy from light itself ...
Maybe you can find out how much space is between electron
Oof! 16 minutes of debunking his nay sayers just to conclude that they’re way of thinking (v=IR) is the simplified way of things. Subtle, but powerful.
Well that was a very comprehensive rebuttal 😂
this is awesome its one of those things thats all around but you didnt know
Science is the sport of proving each other wrong. This video is a great example of how to disagree - if only politics worked this way.  Great video, thank you.
Wait, so what happens in the disconnected "circuit"/cable? Will there be the same bump of voltage (like we see in the connected circuit at 19:03)? And hence the lightbulb would emit light, before dropping back to zero?
Waveguide is the future
I don't understand, what if the line is not a meter apart?
Wrong again. Misconception #1 is assuming electrons exist as currently theorized. It’s all magnetism and the enrgy is facilitated in the ether field. A wrong interpretation of the MM experiment really derailed physics. See you again in a few years as you continue to slowly undo the group think brainwashing dealt upon you through the education system.
It is all about vibration, frequêncy and so, potential energy. First, you must understand what really is an electron or what really an electron represents. You can see that an electron is a focus of potential energy. You must realize that energy is everywhere, the point is how to get it and canalize it. We live in a sea of Ether, the problem is our math in this contained and closed World that we live in. Is time to stop dealing with science as a religion, full of dogmas. I see an electron as the smallest toroid where the fields from the negative side and positive site collapse at the center (zero point energy) and auto-generate itself. So is time to start studying the toroid vortex math using base 12 math, which looks to me, more equilibrated to generate zero point energy.
It´s Amazing bcos I study one strange circuit to, by intuition and well I inspire in that ideas but well I do it in 2013, and well I continue working with the interpretation of resaults, and well I think what Your idea works bcos Space and Time are involucrated and well of course what bulb work, bcos broke the equilibrium of charges. Well only are my Opinion, do not worry so much, but my ideas in physics are very stranges to :-)
Thank you for this great video!
Y'all need some Ed Leedskalnin!
I have a weird question... so when electricity is past through a person to earth or back to the circuit, are we creating a magnetic field, or is it the force of the magnetic field from the wire that forces it through us?
You know, I think most of us are just glad it does.
This is amazing. I did very ok at electromagnetic field theory at university but this just explains it so much better.  I do have one question, if someone who knows enough would care to answer; isn't the switch also just a break in the wire? So if the wire is broken far away, and the light will still turn on when we flick the switch - doesn't that in practice put a lot of assumptions on the switch? It's not possible to make this switch, correct?
I work in magnetic transformer manufacturing and this concept was very easy to swallow, just from my basic knowledge of how our products work. We wind primary (energised) wire windings with secondary windings and cover those with ferrite "cores" which create magnetic fields to energise the secondary winding that is not connected to the primary or powered at all. We utilize Litz/stranded wire to give more surface area for higher voltages. When I learned about it, it really surprised me. Thanks for this video!
this shall be settled with 10000 Canadian cents
19:04 So... why the much larger pulse around 50nS later (when the yellow trace shoots up to ~25V before settling to 20V) ? Isn't that what "convention current flow" is? i.e. the time it takes for a usable amount of current to get flowing though the wire?
Gona be Freda stairs dish on revenger I will not go being left has a burnable disposable element
Like mell Gibson ere it is
It's the guild then be we have swim in it witch is the THE very ORIGIN OF LIFE AND Lan G wage is were ? At BT pocket witch is were ? In cent in surance from ere in what was the original meaning of central office is what the icepole is living off blue off the red is what's my problem your hopeing to lock me up for my energy that been emmitted you BT pocket sython off me
It's a sat on light is what it is
BT owe me BT owe me
Like a swastickers you claim Hitler when it's Himler watt zee Kyle and a Dolf allright Dolf
I'm being tortured
Light emmitted the emma gentcey and the digital sygnal
Cap is absorbing charg and the liar lac of capacity
U do Ron Ron Ron
Elect da Ron's
Tiers like de cake ain't it
Across
Across
Wonders were you was flash Jordon
2 birds and a stone I bet
Would love to see the example of a microwave oven.
Nikola Tesla knew this.
Excellent!  Thanks for clearing up the units.
So how does electrocution work???
11:20 This visual is the part that really makes it click.
AlphaPhoenix already did this. Lame.
Truly great insights and character!
Not an electric engineering student and am far from science. But have one question after watching a video and I would be grateful if someone could explain it. So if the energy is transferred via fields, why do we need a contact of bulb to the wires, or why doesn’t the lightbulb light up just being close to the wires with closed circuit?
9:44 If this is true, why do we need current at all? Why aren't all conductors made of a single layer of atoms? If this were true, all electricity would be provided via plastic wires on which a thin layer of metal had been deposited. I think what we are witnessing here is some kind of youtube competition on re-interpreting electromagnetism. But it's all good: raising questions and posing riddles is all for good.
I am curious. Does this then mean that I can get electrocuted without touching the wire (ie just being adjacent to the wire but not touching it)
Ben Franklin came up with a similar idea of electrical energy movement.
and we can see here the different between people who work with science and politicians
My Junior year in EE, we learned about transmission lines and characteristic impedance. We also learned what happens when you apply a battery to a long XM line that has an open circuit at the far end. "A step voltage is launched along the line and a step current flows with it with magnitude V/Zo where Zo is the characteristic impedance of the line. But wait a minute? How can current flow into an open circuit? Current flows because the circuit hasn't "sensed" the open circuit on the far end yet. When the step voltage hits the open circuit, a negative current step is reflected back to the battery and the current flow from the battery drops to zero. Elapsed time? Twice the transit time between the battery and far end of the line. This was in 1964 at MIT. Since then, I've known that its the fields and Poynting vector, not the voltage and current, although working with V and I is a lot easier.
I hope that Electroboom and the others will make videos to recognize their mistake. But I doubt they will.
How do electrons cross between capacitor plates.  How are electrons pushed across the gap between the plates?
Sometimes Derek is annoying he is so self assured.  But this was a masterpiece.
I was just guessing this was just a giant air gap capacitor, but honestly I had forgot that capacitors operate from e-fields, thanks for the reminder.
this is the greatest outcome of you tube creation
@Veritasium: you should do a video using this logic to discuss heart disease and how dogs (and now, watches) can detect if their owner (or wearer) can detect a heart attack in progress.
You lost me at that it would work even if the circuit is not complete. So if the wire breaks the bulb will still switch on?
awesome
For the first time ever I understand electricity, voltage and current never made sense to me, it always felt like I missing something this was it.
So it's magic?
stupeds  in electrical measurements electricity travels depends on the amount of voltage and the size of the cable  so answering  he's on question light speed or electrical current is control by amount u decided  cuz electrons only travels fast depends of size of wire watts so emptyness space= faster light
I'm inspired. I first enjoyed electronics when I was a 10 year old child. Unfortunately, industry around where I lived didn't support my desire to work with electronics.
The question: , what happen if energy flow through the "Pointing Vector" and no setup time is waited ?  In other words, what happen if there was 2 switches one near "+" of battery and one near "-" of the battery and you close the switches ? Is the same for me: is like a radio-transmission...
is this why kids grow brain tumors around power lines?
Can someone explain to me how when I turn on one of the lights in my house, why don't I see other bulbs light up briefly? I was absolutely under the second misconception where I thought electrons essentially pushed each other along due to some active agent. This is kind of mind blowing.
What this means? Is it because people can't wrap their heads around electricity and it's flow rate through a pipe?
when i started programming,i became fasinated,with humans. like when a computer gets an error its gets stuck in this loop. and our brain has found a way to work around that. thats how i explain most paradoxes,if we would run it through a computer,we get an error. but our brain does not have this issue. it also gave insigt on language,how our language is diffrent,from the logic contruct,of programming. if we would put this logic in our language,we would get total diffrent outcomes,when we tackle paradoxes. but our language and mind,is free from this logic construct,thus it allowes us to dream. yet we are all subject to the basic class functions,breath,eat,sleep......these functions are universal to all animals,and humans. everyone ,and every animal is the same,yet we are an extension (update),of the previous version. also time travel makes no sense,time is a calculation,not nesiscarly reality. if i go back in time i wont exist in the future. and if i kill my grandfather ,his father would still be alive. and give birth to him. slowing down time,and speeding up time would only effect entropy,not history.
I heard a long time before that Disney's science division achieved the best wireless electricity in an entire house but because it requires a Pole in the middle that carries current in every room.  From my Mechanical Engg classes days I remember that we can charge or power something that can takes a very tiny source / potential difference like from cell phone tower signals or wifi...
Please create explanation in the case of Alternating Current.
Thank you for clarifying it. This information completely changed my outlook on the issues of galvanic  corrosion in aluminium boats!
This is the difference between someone who actually understands a subject, and someone who has memorized the book and is simply regurgitating it. You see this in IT all the time from a certain type of people.
13:19 "The bulb goes on regardless of whether the circuit is complete or not...."  so why isn't the bulb always on to begin with?
I think you are confusing the entire electricity debate by measuring the speed of electricity / energy flow / electron vibration!?!?  You keep talking about energy flow at the speed of light, this is counter intuitive.  That is like saying your house water travels to the open faucet at the speed of light once you open the faucet.  First of all there is no traveling.  So there is no speed because nothing in moving any distance. The charged electrons / energy are already in the wire (the wire is charged) all you are doing when you flip the switch are allowing the electrons to instantaneously polarize, either positive or negative. Yes there is a EMF around all charged wires and equipment.  The higher the current the higher the EMF.  What makes energy usable is the polarization.   Otherwise it is all around us all the time especially when the sun it out.  God Speed!!!!!!
All you guy’s busting this guys balls for this? Here I got an idea for you egg heads,why don’t you guys help bring electricity to places that have no electricity or even better help improve our infrastructure before it’s gone
Hi guys, I have to do a technical project this year and i want to do an experiment about something where the physics community isn‘t sure about. Any ideas??
You always have to state everything explicitly with all the pedants out there. Very well done!
As an electrician's apprentice, this is crack cocain
Is electricity real?
Does this change if we put the lamp and the battery at a distance if 1 lightsecond??
Buying more battery from the App Store wasn’t that crazy after all…
The bottom line is that nothing in the experiment is traveling faster than the speed of light.  If a voltage is detected at the load in the first 30 nanoseconds, it simply means the charge took a more direct path than traveling down the length of the wire.  I would like to have seen a comparison between this wiring layout and another layout with the wire positioned to form a circle.  I suspect the result would be the similar because the diameter of the circle is shorter than one half the circumference, but the voltage would be more difficult to measure.
Thank you very much for this !
So these are the guys who were choosen by who made us to understand these things.
I want to study electric engineering from very basic. my college teaches so fat and vaguely that it's hard for me to get the basics and build a decent foundation. so please recommend books to build a foundational understanding of the subject and what other subjects I really have to focus on to solve electrical problems.
Nice video to watch at 1 in the morning
Isn’t it like an antenna radiate signal?
Do not have a clue what is going on
This guy is a climate cultist.
Superposition.
Everyone always says that electromagnetism is one single force, and not two separate things, but I never truly understood how singular it actually is. I always thought that it was just one thing with two parts that interact with each other. This video helped me understand that it really is just one thing. There's no separation, no parts, no distinction between the two. Electricity is just a method of harnessing electromagnetism.
So if you insulated the surface of the wire so the electric field can't escape the bulb won't turn on?
Despite the forgivable mistakes, this channel is fantastic. Talking about science is difficult and make science simple is much more difficult and you somehow manage to do that and i think it's insanely good
Funny how you switch between "the energy is carried outside the wires" and "the energy is carried inside the wires" about a dozen times
Very detailed and educating
The real question here, is what is the field. The ether can't be denied with any degree of logic. Causality?  How bout pressure mediation of the field itself, as everything in the field is vibrating upon it. It's not complicated at all. This is the how in the dream of life.
this video cleared things for me that have been bugging me since my first highschool physics lesson. I thank you from the bottom of my heart
if i was taught electrical theory in a more precise way like this in school i would have been much more interested in it. After a degree in IT i work in an electrical field and this and your previous video have helped me so much in understanding electricity
🤯
Internet side effect: Everyone become experts. And it only takes some googling 😂😂😂. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the hard work in helping explaining physic, etc  but chill out, why don't y'all just agree to disagree?
Hi Ian Munday  ( my reply is being blocked to you ) .  . . Heavy shielding increases the Capacitance, and so, slows the signalling speed.. ..  The Sea would be stopping any external electrical fields in any case. . .. .  I used to sit at a typewriter looking at the wiggly black ink line on 1/2" wide paper being pulled past me, and typing out the letters represented by that wavy line, made wavy by the capacitance you refer to. . . . . . . . . . . .    Later undersea cables were heavily shielded, they were Coaxial cables, some carrying signalling up to about 12 MHz  ( Many voice circuits. )
Plot twist: there is only one electron in the Universe.
I’m more confused than ever. Thanks.
How many engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
i get it...its not light until you blink
I understand Derek's point, reading about electrical energy at home, I was thinking about its frequencies, how was it possible for electrons to come and go without causing energy drops, the problem lies in what he says, that the electrons are not the ones that transmit the energy but the electromagnetic fields, now my question is, how is it that these fields, in theory, when they come into contact with electronic circuits change their frequency and if I remember correctly they practically cancel out, giving rise to direct current (D.C.), it would be great if you made a video about it. Excellent videos, thank you very much.
Hi, .. .   Do you know what you have been saying is wrong and so is a Hoax, or have you even fooled yourself over this. ?
I have now gone through much more of his video.. .   Basically he has a lack of understanding of electricity, and so he is guessing and filling in between his lack of knowledge and putting wrong information in. . . . He is right on a number of points, yes electron migration is about < 0.1mm/s. ..  But normal flow of Electrons down INSIDE a wire are more like 1/10 the speed of light or 0.1C, but that is only very approximate. . .  Electrical current in a wire, will produce a magnetic field outside and around that wire and there can be an associated E field.. . . BUT these are NOT the main carrier of Electrical Current IN Wires. . .  We put wires through small holes in metal boxes, that screen out any Magnetic or E field, similar to Faraday cages, but the Current in the wire continues to flow.. .    So he is wrong about outside wire fields doing the work. . .   He is terribly wrong about a Battery and Switch being 1m from the light resulting in fields going across the 1m to light the bulb. . .    He does not understand how switches work. . .  Then, when you close a Switch, there is an instant flow of Current, that is actually in the high frequency AC field of understanding and AC pulses can travel down wires at about 0.6C. . .   So that is why he thinks the light bulb lights almost instantaneously. . .     Yes, Electrons are always in all the Wire, so close the switch and new electrons go into the wire  AND other electrons come out at the far end into the light bulb, almost instantaneously at about 0.6C. . .   Even if that Switch and or the Battery were in sealed metal boxes, so no fields could get out, the Switch would still light the light.. . .    I don't know if he is deliberately doing a Hoax or whether he has fooled himself. . .  But what he is saying is Wrong.
Actually, electricity does not works like that. Now we are even.
I want to share this good news with you all. I've been investing with axelstocksfx for 2years now and I can proudly say to you that those are the best years of my life.
Wow Derek.... you successfully trolled the entire YouTube electrical engineering community.
Wait !…. So what about breaking the circuit far away from the bulb, did you tried that ???   You would clearly see the same first nanoseconds result, then the voltage and current will be 0, right?
Luckily I watched this video first or else what could have happened ... 🧐 peace and harmony to all
Does that mean that if I cut the the wire at the very far end on the right,  the bulb will still light up for only as long as the electric field (which started from the switch) is still flowing towards the "still-positively-charged" wire, and therefore depending on the length of the disconnected wire, the bulb may just blink as if we would have never seen the light because it blinked so fast, or that it may have stayed for a second or more, depending on how crazy long the wire is? If so, this means that if I cut the wire very close to the switch, then the bulb may not even have blinked, and was all the time turned-off because the electric field didn't have sufficient time to propagate towards the bulb a meter above it as the wire the electric field propagated was too short? The mindblowing thing for me (if what I just said is true), then if instead of cutting the wire close to the switch on the right, and cut the wire also very close to the switch but on the left side of the switch, then the light would have turned on because the electric field is being propagated and has enough time to reach the bulb from the switch, while the electric field is still propagating counterclockwise until it reaches the end of the cut wire on the left of the switch, of which then the light bulb would stop? (not sure how long before the bulb would light off though), but this means to me that the + and - side of the wire has practical sense, and we may not notice it but we our bulbs might have blinking randomly at times though to just a very small voltage, because some random "disconnected" wire somewhere (or transmission lines, or when a lightning struck somewhere long-enough and conductive) which generated electrical fields strong enough for my light bulbs to blink.
Good work Derak! It’s always better to do a real experiment and simulate the system to clarify the misconception and misleading information among the people.
Guys it's easy electrons. Have a wave-like field component and a particle component
But what are the electric and magnetic fields made of?
I appreciate this explanation but what I can't still understand is why electron SHOULD either expand or contract(at 6:50) to create surface charges distribution. Why are they...?
thank you for uploading great video
Reminds me of what Tesla knew.
BRILLIANT. ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT! EVERYTHING is governed by electromagnet fields. We live in an electro magnetic world. Its time to look at everything with fresh eyes!
This was a little misleading because you don't get the full power from the battery immediately, only the power that is transferred over the waves, which you don't even need a complete circuit for. The full circuit power still requires the field to propagate all the way through the lines and takes much longer, which is what most EEs thought after watching the initial video. This is basically describing transient stray capacitance in a transmission line, which is usually discounted as negligible.
The ultrasensible bulb in your forced example will turn on even before you close the circuit in case of a solar flare event some minutes before. That's not how "electricity" works. That's not the common use. Your answer was wrong and now you are making up a post-hoc explanation for your wrong answer.
In Spain we say "cuando un tonto coge la linde la linde se acaba y el tonto sigue" and I think it's beautiful. If you didn't tell otherwise we can assume the voltage of the battery will be the voltage needed to light the lamp. Of course induction exists but it's irrelevant in most of the lamp circuits. If you turn on a lamp in your house only that lamp will turn on, not the rest of the lamps arround, and the time needed for that to happen will depend on the lenght of the circuit and not on the distance between the elements. Your video was wrong and now you are trying to say it was not by using the minimal effect of induction.
how do you explain the current as a number of coulomb by second if the electrons that carry the charge do not move around ?
I love your video's Derek, this is awesome!
It’s really interesting to see so much debate over this topic. As a material scientist, I first learned about electrical circuits from the book that was referenced, Matter & Interaction, and I never really questioned the explanation given by Chabay and Sherwood. I love that videos like this one encourage us to question our base beliefs when presented with conflicting evidence. More importantly, I love that many of the people in this community are willing to adjust their beliefs when faced with a new, better explanation. Well done, sir.
Using math to resolve scientific questions is faulty in itself.  Just because an equation "works" doesn't mean that it always works.  It simply means that the equation works for the scenarios we've currently encountered and attempted.  Even if it works on paper; even if it's visually observed to work, it's still just an individual scenario of success.  I'll show myself out.
Transmission line theory is not applicable to the circuit in the video,   The circuit in the video, incorrectly is constructed, thus not a practical transmission line; anyway it does not matter.  The third wire at the bottom of the diagram, can be left out, forget it.  What is there, is a simple loop of wire, a battery, and a load.  The delay in the development of maximum current is due to the inductive reactance of the wire (conductor).  The power flowing in the wire, is due to the motion of the electrons.  The magnetic field surrounding the wire, is not what is carrying the power, it is the result of the current (electron) flow.  After the current has reached the maximum value, thus not changing, the surface charge on the wire, is the same as the interior charge.  After the current has reached maximum, the current flow is the voltage of the battery, divided by the combined resistance of the load, wire, and internal resistance of the battery.
So when the power company cuts you off....how long do you have before the lights go out?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but this kinda feels like an example of quantum tunnel.
So in your second video are you sort of saying that because of leakage of electrical movement could possibly be the reason for some individuals who are attacked on a cancer movement or is it possible that increase can disrupt the electrons surrounding cells that cause cancer?  It is possible that uncontrolled electrical movement could aggravate the electrons in other cells over a period of time.  If this were so then, the discovery of Edison and Tesla are more troublesome than we could imagine?  Not trying to create a scenario, but over the years it seems that court records show individuals suing power companies for induction of cancer, because of electric line power. Hum, that is not good for those indulging into electronics unless science of our humanity has found a safe and secure way of shielding electrical movement from ever reaching the human body, and it is known and proven that our bodies do have a significant amount of electricity, in order for the human body to function, properly, correct?  Also human body must need fluid (preferably water) to sustain lifestyle movements of the blood flowing that is dispersed from heat that is produced from electrical flow within the human body. Assumingly, that is what I understand from 71 years of knowledge and historical stories and school education.
I've been interested for many years: The reason of electrical and it's ability to operate. Your session here is very interesting and very informative. My First choice was E but for some reason after thinking was as looking at choices was second thought D. But in reality I have without thinking choose E. Good that you clarified the movement of electricity and the choice of the Trans-Alantic cable and the problems entailed when it was laid out. Just one question is how much cable was laid out and could it have been possible that the depth, cable was laid in, could have attributed to distortion and signal flow of data were being interference by more than steel shielding?  I'm not an expert in electronics, just a curious mindset.
I still remember my E&M professor deriving drift velocity of electrons in a copper wire.  He talked about the pea shooter model whereby the electrons push each other thru the wire (which I guess is incorrect! haha).  At the same time he mentioned that the electric field is what moves at a high rate of speed through the wire, not the electrons themselves.  I was so fascinated by this idea that even though the drift velocity is something like an inch every 22 seconds the field moves at the speed of light so when you flip the switch the lights come on!  Great video!
if the electric voltage pulse is applied and started from the battery, then would the bulb turn on twice? the first one would be due to the propagation of poynting vector(which is the main concept in this clip) and the second one would be due to the moving electrons inside the wire. is this true?
Never in 7 years of advanced study in electrical and electronic enginering did any of this come up. 36 years in telecoms and IT and only now find out how electricity works! Perhaps you dont need to know?
So you have to have a field to have the sheperd, sheep and the dogs barking.
선생님. 빨리 KR채널에도 해당영상의 번역판을 올려주십시오.  뒷 이야기가 너무 궁금해서 원어로 보러 왔습니다. 하지만 자동자막은 성능이 너무 좋지 않습니다. 그것을 난 기다릴 수 가 없다.
Nice Work!
The main actor is in my view a gradient in chemical potential, i.e., a concentration gradient of electrons that gets them moving and only as a consequence do you get an electric field which is then able to somewhat bridge the gap between both wires. But the field is only created because electrons have been pushed - not by electric but by concentration pressure (or in other words entropy). So to me it is still very similar to a tube of water with the added complexity that moving electrons create fields.
If a take u'r hypotetic idea, how is the electromagnetic field behaves in space? I believe that this factor would alter the result.
Good explanation. I worked servicing electric welders and thought he could perhaps explain how xfmrs work. It would help folks  understand that no wires have to be directly connected to a power source to transfer increbible amounts of power. In fact, any direct connection (effectively a short circuit) would result in complete failure. Power companies hate welders as they have difficultly measuring load consumption since most of the energy is returned to the power company source by the primary winding. Output of even 1000s of amps is entirely induced in the isolated secondary circuit, independent of any direct connection.
Guys ask the telephone guy for the best answer
And you understand the field if you can go run a railbuggy under high tension lines the chassis will spark and crackle, only old points ignition work unless shielded . We would constantly have to grab the frame to prevent it
I have to say that I think you were a little over ambitious with this one. At least for me. As someone who's never taken a physics course in my life, it got to the point where I was pretty sure you were speaking Klingon. For example: In my opinion, you just breezed through the closed vs open circuit thing... Why don't electrical circuits work when they are open if they flow like you say? It really makes no sense, at least not in my current tired state.
Now double the length and rescope !
What is the charge carrier?
I would REALLY like if this kind of thing happens in more of your videos. Not the mistake part, but I really wanna see the expert one.  Although your videos are really amazing and I love them, I think it would be great to bring more experts to them.
Hey Derek,  i wonder, when the E field is on lightspeed and an object would now be faster than lightspeed. wouldnt then be every electron in every molecule (and so on) be faster than lightspeed and therfore faster than the force that binds it in structure?
How would the field on the surface cause the electrons move inside the wire? Kindly clarify, thank you.
This is a great illustration of the difference between understanding how something works and why something works.
There is no mistake, if we learn or think
Did you just changed my physics syllabus in my school?
Ben watson gets two cameos and his line is to smile lol!
The level of satisfaction fools get from thinking they outsmarted another human is such destructive expression of ignorance
I mean I didn't even graduate high school and I got what he was saying
👣
My brain: Syntax error
As if 1 amp will make a magnet with a 1 meter field.
Bonkers 🤯
I am a Christian. I don't believe in big bang. I love your video but I request you to avoid big bang explanation for heavenly bodies.
Tanks for this Updated Part. I Luv the clips of the Other guys
What?
I am not convinced
How does lightning work then?
I think what you made it's amazing. The whole scientist comunity were on a discussion about this video and it's inyeresting to know their opinions. Sometimes is hard to transmiti knowledge so i think on the firt video you just want to make it simple
In short term: an electric field OUTSIDE the wires would affect the lightbulb because the electromagnetic field around when the circuit is closed, even if it's unappreciated in comparison to the whole capacity of the source
why can people hear a radio station sometimes in heaters and AC units? and can they be disrupted by a outside signal  say a 2 way radio?
maybe someone will read this and point to an answer - If the field transfers energy, why is there resistance in the wire? Why do the cables get hot?
i feel bad for watching this after 3rd year on elec. focused school
Amazing
This means that there is a lot of cancer in the environment....
how to make views now a days: step1: find new interesting topic step2: explain it poorly step3: wait for butt loads of frustrated response views step4: clarify in new view step5: profit on the views XD
So Nikola Tesla was right.        Matter is permeated by a fluid medium, required for the transmission of light.    Except light doesn't travel at c through copper wires, or atoms,  but at about 1/3 c, due to the fact that the charged particles are condensers of that medium.   Electrons in a plasma state condense that medium and  increase the density of the medium, thus slowing the speed of light in the copper wires.  A magnetic flux density increase causes a back-emf.
Amazing
I don't understand any of this. I stopped the video at 16:42 and I'm gonna go play outside now.
As someone who knows little more than what was taught in school, it sounds like the initial thought experiment comes down to: "Can we power the light bulb from one meter away using the principle of changing electrical (electromagnetic?) fields?" And the answer would be: Yes we can, just like we do with wireless charging or antennas. As long as the emitted field is strong enough to induce a large enough current for the bulb to start visibly glowing. And then, of course, how fast does the field expand.. Or have I misunderstood something and it is actually necessary for the voltage supply and the bulb to be somewhat physically connected?
I forgot to ask you!, if we put a lamp without  connecting it next to a switch of a closed circuit(like battery and switch and lamp and this lamp  in this closed circuit is of course on) so that lamp which is not connected to any circuit should light up by the logic you had spoken right!?
Awesome
the electrons are already in the system, all we are doing is giving them potential by biasing the natural flow of electricity.
Watching this feeling like I'm turning into an electrical genius. 2mins after the clip ends,  I'm like wait.... How does electricity work again??
i think i saw this before...
Finally a good demonstration of what the field is doing. By most accounts, you could get rid of the concept of fields and just go on with your job. But if you work in some specialized trades, you might need to use fields, just like you need relativity if your hobby is to make alternatives to GPS
thanks Derek Muller, this allows me to think more and more. Gracias desde México
Your claim that the light bulb would turn on despite the circuit being open implies that all lights in the vicinity of that battery would also turn on no? Also i don't see how much could happen if you turned on that switch with a broken circuit as it is effectively only connecting a length of wire to one side of the battery.
He is claiming regardless of wire length time it takes the light bulb 1 meter away  turn ON  is 1/c and presenting some measurement to agree with it BUT does not repeat the process placing the bulb 2,3 or other distances away ant to show the time will be 2/c,3/c or time to be ON changes proportional to distance of bulb from switch
I like complexity and I don't like that sciences to make me law like Ohm's law I like them to explain everything, also electrical engineer was my dream and still but  I left the school because of the war in my country and a lot of other bad situations but I  still trying to learn myself online, and thank you for this video
That is going deep, and I don't understand half of it. The question for me is not where or how is the energy carried, but if this "inmediate carriage" could be used, at least theorically, to transfer information faster than light. My guess is not cause yet again, Im thinking on the medium, plus the use of transfering information is better when point A is far away ffom point B. I'm just chit-chatting. Congratulations to everyone. You do know how to put a thing to a test!
I want my 20mins back.
Cheers mate  great job it helps  us to  to learn  much  appreciated
Let me ask, then what's so different with using AC and DC current?
Well, this changes everything. That means all the prep work and events that took place in last 15 minutes of Back to the Future were totally unnecessary. Marty could have cruised through Hill Valley at safe speed rather than recklessly attempting to get her up to 88 mph and still made it back to 1985 in time to warn Doc. And Doc didn’t even have to climb the clock tower and then zip line down the cable like a boss. But he didn’t know that. He’s still a hero in my book.
The way "I" see it IS:   Without me getting my EE in '72 and working in "computer electronics" for about 30 years  TIMES everyone else who came BEFORE this guy, well, then  WE wouldn't be where we are now! BUT, on the other hand???!!!!  LOL!
I am still not convinced that electric current travels outside a wire instead of through it. If that were so it seems that the core of electric cable could be hollow and it would only requires surface area for larger current for it to be moved and to therefore save thousands of dollars in copper. Unless I am not thinking small enough and the electrons are traveling on the outside of each strand of wire. This is not really demonstrated that well in your graphics.
This is my weakness.
Why are you here, Rowan??
1:50-2:09 is that electroboom?
Hmm.This is a good video, and this time the author gets it right, and explains what actually happens in commendable detail.  But I need to mention a few backflips in this video in respect of his first video. Here he concedes that the bulb in his first video won’t actually light up in 1/C seconds, because the initial pulse of current is actually quite small, and not enough to light the bulb. He wiggles and squirms to try to avoid admitting he was wrong, for example by changing the bulb to a highly efficient Led bulb, but he more-or less admits what I and many others already knew, that the initial very fast pulse would not be large enough to light the bulb in the original video, and therefore his 1/C answer was wrong.  But from my reading of other comments, no one has noticed a more important backflip, in respect of the steady state behaviour of his DC circuit. In the first video, he and another professor pooh-pooh the idea that that it electrons that deliver the power and energy to the load. Oh no, we used to believe that too, they said, but now we realise that is completely wrong. You need to look at the Poynting vector, they said, which clearly shows that the power flows radially out from the battery, through empty space, and then converges to the load. And it is the electric and magnetic fields in that empty space that carry the energy to the load, as clearly shown by the Poynting vector. And this is indeed what the Poynting vector apparently implies.  But what a change we see in the steady-state explanation given in this video, which I’m sure he has taken from a textbook, where now he says clearly that it is ELECTRONS IN THE WIRES that deliver the energy to the load. Personally that is the way I look at it too, but what a change from his previous video. To quote verbatim from this video :-  “The battery does continuous work to maintain the charge distribution, by moving electrons through the battery against the Coulomb force. (Correct) In the load, the electric field created by the surface charges accelerates the electrons, which dissipate their energy in collision with the lattice. (Correct) So the battery is putting energy into the field, which electrons take out and transfer to the load (Correct)”   OK. Enough of being critical. This video is a cracker, though I had some criticisms of his original video. I do still think though that he would confuse fewer people if he made it quite clear when he is performing a transient analysis of his circuit, and when he is performing a steady state analysis.
Can you explain the electron as a wave in a circuit?
So that's how scientists are doing diss tracks
And such is the transfer between the electric professor and everyone who watched and consequently the charge jumped the between him and us more than just the video as the vehicle. In  essence we become the experimental conduit in as complex and more,  quite honestly what a spiritual experience is. Thanks for this amazing and (excuse me) electrifying video.
Failure!    EXB requires matter for it to exist at all.... so the wire=matter is a channel to allow propagation of the crossed wave front, yes the power is transferred  by the EXB orthogonal wave form, not electrons, but the wave front  is created by the oscillation of the electrons set in motion by the voltage
He was wrong when he said everyone agrees... I agree but you can’t fix stupid only uneducated.
Ya’ll Mfs just listen aight.
If this is true, shouldnt i be able to steal electricity from electric company by placing wires next to the wires that go to the electric company and let my parallel wires go to the load?
My logic is that You have the biggest amount of resources to confirm the theory in Your video so my current gamble is that in this argument you are right, or I rather say closest to the truth :)
Lol this video is what separates an Electrician with a Electrical Engineer. Love it.
3:12 the average velocity of the electrons ( their overall movement over time) is many times greater than this, and the 100,000 m/s speed is the speed of the flow of charge, not the individual electrons' speed
His intelligent calm attitude is the best and enough to convincingly explain the ego filled nay sayers
A czym jest pole elektryczne...
We lerarn for our mistakes
I still don't understand why it doesn't violates casuality. What's the difference between a switch at off state and an open circuit? If they are the same, then the complete circuit would still light up when the switch is off?
I was with you all the way till, "I made a video."
Hey, would you consider delving into how electric fields would drive electrons in our body, more specifically in the axons and dendrites of neurons?  I would especially be curious about how the myelin sheath around the axons would “speed up” signal transmissions after an action potential has been elicited?
Just to make my earlier post simpler and clearer as to what happens, and why Veritasium still hasn't got a correct understanding:  In his example of a battery powering a light bulb via two parallel conductors extending outwards from the battery and bulb, the bulb does not fully light after 1m/c seconds - a very short time.   The bulb gets a small energisation after 1m/c due to the characteristic impedance of the lines, and THEN, MUCH LATER, full energisation after the energy has stopped reverberating back and forth in the lines due to the end short circuits - a multiple of lv/c where l is the length of the lines in metres, and v is the impulse velocity set by the line's inductance and capacitance, this velocity is always much less than c in real set-ups.    He has not made this clear in this video, indeed it appears from his focusing on the initial small step he didn't understand it.   He just regurgitated what he read somewhere without having insight. Reflection occurs at the far ends because current is flowing in the end but there is no voltage drop, so the end must be imposing a voltage opposite to the voltage arriving from the battery.
He's a lot better in this video than he was in the first one - but he still says things that are wrong.   Getting roughly the right answer doesn't necessarily mean you have a full and correct understanding of the details.   Ordinary electrical tradesmen routinely apply Ohm's Law, though very very few could explain or derive it, just as anyone can competently drive a car without knowing engine thermodynamics. He's getting closer to understanding that in a DC or low frequency AC circuit the fields outside the wires have nothing to do with conveyance of energy from battery to bulb.  But he still said things like the current propagates at the speed of light.   No it doesn't, because any wire has inductance and capacitance to something, which he seems to have sort of appreciated later in the video. He's gone down a rabbit hole in saying that the electrons in a conductor are driven along by an internal field in a conductor, which is correct.  The internal field is possible because practical conductors have resistance.  But you can, with a bit of cooling, have a superconductor - there is no resistance and no internal field then.   But those electrons, having kinetic energy, still can convey energy from a source to a load, just the same - if the source is a DC source (and in practice  a low frequency AC source).    He's glossed over that the rise on voltage across his resistor was not just a simple step to the final (steady state) value - there was a an early small step due to the parallel line's characteristic impedance that he seems to have focused on.   Actually, there will be a series of steps converging on the final full voltage, due to energy reflected at the short circuits at the ends of his two transmission lines, so a packet of energy goes back and forth until losses absorb it - its just that his experimental method does not resolve all the steps. He goes on about wireless charging of battery powered devices - but this has absolutely nothing to do with whether of not energy in a simple circuit is conveyed by the electrons or not, it is merely an example of a specialised power transformer.   Current (which MUST be AC) forced to flow in one winding sets up an oscillating magnetic field inducing a voltage in another winding. Here is a thought experiment for you:   Imagine a vacuum, and inside it a hot cathode, which emits electrons in all directions (thermionic emission), as electrons in a conductor have an average speed that increases with temperature, but with a statistical distribution of speed, so some of the faster electrons have enough kinetic energy to escape the positive electric field from the atom nuclei.  Once these electrons escape, they keep on going.  Now, imagine a sphere nearby with a small hole in it,  surrounding the cathode.  Electrons that happen by chance to to leave the cathode in the direction of the hole pass right through it.   Connect the plate via a return wire to the cathode, otherwise other electrons hitting the sphere will build up a charge on it.   Now, back to the electrons passing through the hole.  They are now not subject to any applied electric field, but they will keep on going, as they have mass and inertia.   Does this flow of electrons constitute a current?    Yep, it sure does.   Can it deliver energy to a remote conductor?   Yep - it sure can.  Even if the mean distance between electrons is sufficient to make inter-electron electric field interaction negligible.    Because each electron carries a little bit of kinetic energy (obtained from the heat applied to the cathode in this case), as it has mass and velocity.
Something seems not right: electrons in any wire are milling around at 1,000,000 m/s, bumping into atoms, but not heating the wire. Enter an electric current, the electrons start to move at 1,000,000.0001 m/s and hey, presto! the wire gets red hot.
So, given that he decided to do it in real life, I'm wondering if there were any actual components he could have chosen which would have actually produced actual measurable light.  Since the end of the loop doesn't have to be connected, you could leave that open to avoid the current coming through the wires and only focus on the energy coming directly across via the fields. But if you put an LED there, could you actually observe any light? (Obviously since we're talking about nanoseconds, you'd need equipment. I assume it would not be visible to the human eye.)  (I don't know if LEDs actually start radiating within nanoseconds or if the process wouldn't work before the energy was expended.)
Cue all the audio nerds about transient response in audio circuits! How to get a perfect reproduction of the original audio recording. 😁
The problem with this approach is this only works within a very specific scenario.  Using the example of the gentleman talking about the PCB's, electromagnetic waves come into play far more because you have a significant amount of direct soldered aluminum or copper, not what a typical person defines as a wire.  When you define a wire, most people are going to think of a coax cable, an ethernet cable, a USB cable, or the wiring that's within their houses.  Let's use the wiring in your house for an example, these are shielded wires that are used to restrict the "bleed" of energy being lost into the electromagnetic fields, this is to create a point to point connection, and usually contains two wires in that series to create a circuit, one with positive flow one with negative flow.  The scenario that you're building would be similar to energy generation through the spark effect, where the energy freeflows but loses energy quickly.  Sure, if you create a big enough "spark", it will power the lightbulb but it will be at the loss and inefficiency of energy that's being distributed in a 3D space in every other direction.  This is compared to a PCB, and the best way to think of this is to look at the motherboard on your computer.  That's chalk full of resistors and capacitors, to bleed energy into specific segmentations of the board itself.  Eletromagnetic fields are also unstable, and because of millions of different reasons will not always provide the same level of energy bleed out be it through another thing in it's way that absorbs it, air pressure itself, or the elements within the air will change it.  I've seen a few people bring up how AM/FM radio's work, that's frequency and not directly electromagnetic fields.  You guys have the right idea, but it's a different technology.  It's not that we've been "lied to" about how electricity actually works, it's that we've modernized it in such a way that we contain it to minimize the loss of efficiency when sending electricity.  To answer the original posted question of how long would it take.  The response is in an unshielded wire your calculation is correct, but with the raw amount of power needed to do that the lightbulb would explode after the speed of light traveled through the wire and the voltage "push" overwhelmed the lightbulb itself.  If it was shielded, it would take the speed of light to travel the wire, and cost a fraction of the amount of overall energy.
help from the LIGO guy?, so we can believe him.... year right, sure we can.
Dude, u are a true genius... All ur videos are a work of pure genius 👏
great.....
Creo que alguien no vio el vídeo del carro aereo
I don't have a clue what any of this means
While you (theoretically) is correct, you forget one important parameter, and that is conductivity.  While the bulb (very theoretically) will "turn on" switch_bulb_distance/c after you flip the switch, it will be with infinitely dim because of the very low conductivity of electromagnetic waves through air. That is why the wire is needed. The wire has very high conductivity, and will conduct the electromagnetic waves through it, at a rate infinitely higher that the amount conducted through air.   So, the real answer is. You will be able to tell the switch was flipped after switch_bulb_distance/c, but the bulb will only turn on after cable_length/c.
Yeah I totally get all this. But my friend here, he needs you to explain it to him like hes 5YO because he's a bit dumb.
No, I quit watching you on your explanation of gravity.
so now up to the next round of debating y the answer is wrong: The light will always be on. because it is connected to a light second long Antenna and on this dimensions there will always be enough noise to power an LED.
A lot of mistakes again, you don't understand how electricity works. Just make some experiments and majority of your claims can be prooved wrong.
Convinced.
This is basic university physics, that’s why they teach us Maxwell’s equations even in Venezuelan universities. Most Youtubers spread a lot of misconceptions and errors in basic concepts of physics. Great video about fields interactions. And thanks to Maxwell’s work...He was the real GENIUS of electricity and magnetism!
What about entry wound and exit wounds in case of electric injury...isnt it not due to transfer of electrons?
this has been confirmed by someone else on YT too. it's true. Just goes to show how "smart.. "youtube physicists" are.. lol
Just finished watching the initial video. This video, above all else, proves to me that you have named your channel quite accurately! The disambiguation of misleading falsehoods the general population believe and the establishment of truths is a truly honourable goal that I admire. Keep up the great work :)
Thank you for this vivid experiment. You, and the team, simulated the energyflow in a non-connected wire.  Could you show how to masure the Voltage and the Current in that non-connected wire of a alternating Voltage in the source curcuit...  EG. 18mW could drive a LED on AC in a wire, with a LED in the middle of that wire?!  Thank you in advence Yours Jeroen
One of the  greatest teaching videos of all times. I have been asking these questions for over 50 years with no satisfactory  answer. My criticism in this message have been removed because they are wrong.
YO! Did any body else hear GRU at 0:29 !?? 🤣
Oh boy.  This is going to take some time to digest.
I've seen and heard stray paths of lights coming from a high voltage power company during a morning dew. Some of that EMF was probably hitting me, though I didn't feel it.
So how and when would actual wireless electricity be feasible and implementable?
No, above from my head, Just the words are familiar only. I can not map them on the concepts anymore.
after 50 years I learned something never taught in my electronics class. what else did they miss back then?
You didn’t run the test on a broken circuit as discussed in the video.  Go back and rebuild the test setup…
OK, so when you connect a bulb to a battery, light comes out. But how come when I put batteries in my walkman, music comes out?
On your scope screen capture the time is 50 ns/, and it looks like it takes at least 20 - 25 ns for the yellow curve to get up to 4V, so definitely not 1/c, or "a few ns"
Question. If wires don't carry the energy, why or how do they over heat and melt?
I thought you were Rowan from Viva La Dirt League, lol :p
Bf
better :D, but inaccurate(slightly wrong)...but just slightly... "ther is an electric field outside the wires but not inside" is wrong, ther is parasitic field inside the wire (negligable)...Correction: Magnetic field..sry...addition:super conducting wire? urm...the coils will not only add inductance but also magnetic flux density storage or magnetic permability and parasitic capacitances(faar greater than the 1m apart copper rails)...
Where is the previous part
Then it's really the distance from the switch to the load that matters, not the distance from the battery to the load — when the switch is closed, the change in the electric field radiates from that location.
This guy knows not .
Yeah it’s kind of funny how the people kind of all said the same thing or had a similar script it seems like I know you obviously edit it that way but I know they were still the same talking points and they are used almost like it was an organized no campaign against you they just mad hating that you making money and you look better than all those dudes LOL
How does a work a battery then ? why does the current is only created when it's wired to a dipole ? or does it emits constantly a electric field ?   Maybe the chemical reaction happen only when you connect 2 conductive material to both end of the battery (and as soon as those material are in contact it generate an electric field regardless of if they are connected)   I'd love to have answer to those questions if someone has them, thank you very much :)
Since the circuit does not need to be closed, we are talking about a simple inductive current. So the initial thought experiment makes no sense.
Don't encourage him, the first video was dead wrong in many things, specially in the communication part. The big implication about the light bulb "thought experiment" was that *the whole* amount of electricity would jump from the magnetic field. And this is heavily implied by the whole preceding video. And it is completely false. What this experiment "Proves" is just a flicker of electromagnetism from turning the system on. On DC this would only, even if it was poweful enough, power the bulb for a fraction of a second. That was NOT what was being said before. Instead of retracting the bad science, this video is a big "ackshually I am right" where the other video also said electrons DON'T actually move through the wire. It's pure sophistry.
It’s the EMF all linked together, you did say that in your first video. But you proved relativity as well, people interpret everything from their own perspective.
I love scientists debate. I wish this is what Reality TV was about, smart people debating important questions about the origin of the universe.
I love science beef. It’s a bunch of people fighting to the death with logic but at the end they are all on the same page.
This is a bit… ‘layman’ but, when I was around 8-10 years old, I had a touch lamp In my bedroom. I had it by the door, and ran a data cable, taped to the base, around the wall and to my bed, so I could touch the end and control the lamp.  The voltage required to trigger the lamp was so low, it WOULD be triggered by what I now know, 20 years later, was radio waves and other circuits! Cool.
“It will leave you an unhappy individual!” Prof. killed me
This makes my thinktoomuch go!
Derek is correct, but here is another way to view it. The key is capacitance and the fact that the battery and switch are 1 meter from the load. You have to think of this long pair of wires as a transmission line, such as a twin-lead. With the switch open, the charge on both sides of the load and everywhere in the wire are the same, assuming enough time elapsed to achieve equilibrium and there are no outside charges influencing it. The top and bottom wires have an infinite number of infinitely small capacitors all along the length of the "transmission line" which are initially zero charge on both sides of the load.  Once the switch is closed, one side of the wire at the switch suddenly becomes a different charge than the wire across from it at the load. The "capacitors" on only that side of the load starts charging which causes a current through the load as soon as the electric field reaches across the 1 meter distance. Actually, both sides of the load may differ as one goes more positive and the other goes more negative but the result is the same current. Now imagine that you have a twin-lead line that is infinitely long and open on both ends. If you apply a DC voltage to one end, you will get a constant current that will last forever as if the line was a resistor equal to the line's impedance. This is due to the infinite number of capacitors between the conductors charging one by one forever. If you make the spacing smaller, the capacitance goes up and the impedance goes down and the current goes up. I am an electrical engineer with a BS in physics and I have found that the views are different. Derek explained the same concept in physics terms and I explained the engineering view, but they are both saying the same thing.
im curious how dc energy compares....
The fields are strongest near the charges, which are the sources of those fields. We can make power flow from power stations precisely to millions of homes because the network of wires guides that power. It is infeasible to target the energy on such a scale wirelessly--not merely "less efficient," but practically impossible. Even on a smaller scale, we manage the electron flow to direct power. That's why switches really do control the lights they are wired to, and not everything in the vicinity. The video's insistence on the primacy of the fields obscures the differences between wired and wireless transmission, and the conditions when managing the electrons is important. That failure of clarity is why there are so many puzzled questions about his silly experiment.
How about the boundary layer ? not you not the @ElectroBOOM guy say the sacred word
I have a question. If the energy is in the em waves. After we connect the circuit and the bulb lights up, if we put another unconnected bulb near the battery, why does this 2nd bulb not light up?
As Electricians we actually Learned this Differently.  We effectively Learned that Electricity effectively means a Charged Status in terms of Seperated Charges. In this case this is Provided by the Battery.  The Battery consists of two Electrically Seperated Components. One where we got an Overabundance of Electrons thus the Electrons Outnumbering the Protons and creating a Negative Charge. And One where we got a Lack of Electrons thus the Protons Outnumbering the Electrons.  Once we connect a Circuit. This Charge will be Released and the two Sides will start working towards Equalizing their Charges.  The Energy therefore comes from the Battery being Charges. Thus Energy being Expended to Seperate Protons and Electrons in the Battery to Create an Inbalance.  The Electrical Field is actually considered Wasted Energy. its effectively Energy Lost to the Process as the Magnetic Field from this Inbalance Extends and if its impeded by anything the Energy given away to whatever Impedes it being lost to us. Albeit that Principle can of course be used to Heat things via Induction or to Transfer Energy in a Transformer.  Energy is properly Expended at whatever User is Linked into the Curcuit. And once the Energy the Battery is Charged with has been used up and the whole Circuit is Equalized in Charge. The Battery is Empty and we need to Insert a New one.   Of course depending on the Resistances inside the Circuit and depending on the Charges added. The whole Circuit might still have a Charge towards the Earth or other Objects. Which in General we Avoid by Grounding the Circuit. To make sure that the Circuit will not have any Voltage towards Parts where we dont want it to have that. (Its Dangerous otherwise as a Human or Animal might Touch it and Close a Circuit with the other side and therefore Fry himself on it)   If the Circuit is Cut before the Energy is Emptied. And we still have Electrical Fields up. (Veeeeeery Long Lines or Electrical Parts that create an Electrical Field for their Purpose) these actually turn into Ghost Energy because they are effectively now a Charge Stored in the Circuit itself which is Charged Opposed to the Direction we actually led Energy through.  Thats why we usually have Diodes in there to Allow that Charge to Dissipate backwards to the Ground and Equalize the Circuit down to a safe Voltage again.    Albeit that is not to say that this is Scientifically accurate. Simplification is often used for such Education. As its more Importand to Relay the way it works than to accurately Relay the Physics behind it.  Just an Interesting Difference.
I don't understand why people can not  consider out of the box thinking as you so often do.  I find your video's so great and thought provoking so don't let these dinosaurs of the past bother you.  I do believe in most of what old text and laws say as i am sure you do but we all learn all the time i hope your channel does well i have learned oh so much.  I often think of your views type them in and find myself viewing the answers on your channel :)....
Is this in any way related to the early work done by Tesla relating to Tesla Towers?
I just want you to know that I am a very smart person who grew up with an electrician dad who went on to graduate with an electrical engineering degree, and despite all the Ohms law stuff he taught me, I believed you the first time. I never thought that you would post a video with false info.
I tried to explain this to my Amish friend... but he completely disagreed, and said electricity is the work of the Devil 🤷
That's what I thought.
How do you know electricity is not the chain reaction of elections through the system? If that happened then elections would be pushed out creating the field at the same time
Can you cite your Rick Hartley clip?
Science biffs trend is the best thing that happened on youtube
It's curious as to why this is omitted from most text books, as if they're trying to hide something.  Also, isn't the earth just a giant battery then? There has to be a way to tap into its magnetic field
EL is everywhere is why the shylock stole it and named his pantheon after it.. JegudiEL, GabriEL, SelaphiEL, MichaEL, UriEL, RaphaEL and BarachiEL
13:20 “bulb goes on regardless the circuit is closed or not”. Sounds off. That would be the end of light switch industry!
Team trees says his shirt but use lumber for experiments for our entertainment. 😂 fyi im all for cutting trees.
Yarr bulb to jala diya hota last me
So... can you light up an LED light without the need of a closed circuit?
Fields!! I am making videos and will need some ideas(remind me plz!) 😊👍
electroboom is a dingnut
Not a physics guy at all, so just barely got the idea. It's just blowing my mind how the things like modern microprocessors are working with all that nanometric circuitry not affecting it's  neighbors, if "electricity" runs not "in wires" but spreads from source to load. Some people are really freaking smart.
That's the thing about science that I love:  When the opinions and results of two science enthusiasts differ, science develops.  When the opinions of people from two different religious communities differ, it leads to violence.
I think Vertasium is wrong and here's my evidence: Suppose you have a copper tube with both ends closed (that means the tube will float if you throw it in water). Now take a hack saw and cut it in half. Good. Now take a resistive element and glue it to the part of the tube you've just cut, and re-assemble.  You now have a closed tube with a resistive element of 1k Ohm sandwiched halfway between the tube (the resistive element is 1mm thick). Now open the tube again and solder a Cu wire from one end of the tube to the other. Good. Now add a switch and a 18V battery to the middle of this wire, and again close the tube.       We now have a closed tube with the following properties: 1. It has a wire running the length of the tube. 2. There is a resistor of 1K separating the two halves of the tube. 3. In the middle of our wire (not seen because it's inside the closed tube) there is a switch that's electrically connected to the wire, as well as a battery right next to this switch, such that by closing the switch we'll get current flow through the wire from the battery.  Now here is where we demonstrate Veritasium's folly.  I'm suggesting that we extend the length of the tube to be some fraction of a light-second. How about the tube becomes 300 meters in length? Furthermore, the radius of the tube becomes exactly 1 meter. This means the wire is obviously 1 meter away from the insides of the tube, giving plenty of room for the switch and battery to do their respective jobs. Again, you can't see the switch, battery, or wire, because they're all inside the tube. You're just seeing one honkin' copper tube with a resistor (c=2π • r) in the middle of the tube, like it's a gasket or some shi... Now IF VERTASIUM IS CORRECT, we should expect to see exactly 18Vdc appear anywhere along the tube, right next to our resistor, once we close the switch (using telepathy, string, idgaf what is used to throw the switch). That's right: in this video Vertasium got about 4 volts of instant voltage from his 18 volts, but in my experiment, we should see ALL 18 VOLTS appear instantly. Again, only if Vertasium is correct. Expand the idea so that the tube is two light-seconds across. If Vertasium is correct, we should see the 18 volts not after C or a fraction of C, but rather nearly instantaneously (the tube is a meter in diameter. How long does it take light to travel 1/2 of that diameter? 1.6E9 of a second? Instantly, for all practical purposes. Therefore, according to Vertasium, we really do have true Spooky Action at a Distance. Einstein, the dear professor, must be turning in his grave by now.
never saw the disputs, but I like the additional effort anyway.
Can you explain. Why electricity can affect your body by touching a  bare wire charged with positive energy, contrary to magnetic fields based in your explanations  now I questions electrocutions? Definitely learned something new at my age of 50 years old.  Thanks for the great explanation in your video.
This proves the long held rule that "The best way to get the right answer on the internet is to first give the wrong and wait for other people to correct you!"
That's why I love debates, even if in unmodest manner.   Without people questioning (even trolling to some extent) Varitasium video, we wouldn't have this masterpiece explainimg very basis of Ohoms law that I grew up memorizing.   Some people believe debates are result of personal ego. Now even if that's true, it helps in progress of knowledge that's undeniable.
You can't fool me, i know the ceiling fan gnome exists
great Tesla already know this.
I just love the fact that scientists and engineers, use the scientific process on each other in order to produce better information
So I know this will be lost in the hase, but I just wanted to say thank you for this. This vid was the first time I understood how electricity works... and I am 34... and always have been really strong at math and phisics, but Ekectricity was always my weak point. I never understood it on a deeper level and it never made any sence to me untill I saw this vid...  I am glad to know that it really was not down to me. I mean I knew the formulas, but because the underlining prinsipal was not there I simply ignored it all.
Wouldn't braided shielded wire work so you don't have to add capacitors? That's basic faraday cage.
Now I'm more confused.
When I joined campus, I took an introduction to electrical engineering course, I was so confident that I knew completely what electricity was...then I studied AC circuit analysis and electromagnetics and became even more confident...but now after studying the quantum nature of waves, electrons and entanglement, I am totally confused, I think am back to square one. What really is electricity?
I’m very high and I didn’t understand most of that, still the dopest video I’ve seen today, you’re an absolute sweetheart
ANOTHER AWESOME VIDEO! THANK YOU FOR EXPANDING ON IT,   Hydro in Canada charges a "delivery fee", so if this misconception, along with the fact that electricity DOES NOT actually flow to ANY home can be proven in a court of law AND if enough people speak up about, then Hydro will be facing their downfall and many would be celebrating the crumbling of such empires.   If we think about how our Sun gives us FREE energy in the form of Light, Heat, etc.. everyday throughout our lives and without discrimination or judgement then it justifies that NO ONE should be paying for electricity in any part of the world.   Tesla knew it was possible and created Wireless Electricity but was stopped and shutdown by those in power, that's another story altogether but realizing these are the things which connect us all gives "power" back to the people.
Derek, if you are monitoring, I can help you fix this. It should be clear from the other comments that despite all the accurate detail, your two videos are more confounding than illuminating. Doesn't have to be that way, another half-hour video should be enough to resolve the misunderstandings.
ok now I'm convinced
Forces are actually dimensions... Gravity is proof
Ok… the explanation of misconception 1 makes no sense. I think he’s trying to say that e-‘s and hole sometimes recombine in the conductor radiating phonons (phonons are heat in solids). Instead he says e- collided with lattice which makes no sense in this context.   Maybe lattice-e- collisions refer to collision w/ bound e- shells and free e-. considering Feynman-Hellman, this would be valid but that wouldn’t generate heat/phonons that would just be a coulombic collision to make matters worse why am is the visual e- collide with proton. Serious issues w this part.
Very nice, this nails down all of the questions I had after the first video...but it does introduce two more:  1. Surely, in the case of a break in the wire 150,000km away, the bulb doesn't _stay_ on. I assume it would light dimly for 0.5s, then _go out_ instead of getting brighter? Using the transmission line analogy, it would be lit while the capacitors charge, then go out when they're done and no direct current path is available. 2. What happens if the switch interrupts _both_ lines immediately as they exit the battery terminals, not just one, so that when the switch is off the entire loop is electrically isolated from the battery? This reduces I think to two questions:    a. Does the surface-charge effect spread at c _along the wire_ , or does that also propagate at c along the shortest path through open space? My guess is it's constrained to the wire, and as such when the _first_ terminal of the battery is connected to the loop in the original scenario, it takes nearly _two_ full seconds for the surface charge to settle. Is this correct?    b. If I'm right about (a), does this prevent the electric field from inducing a current across the 1m gap and thus mean it takes the full second for the bulb to come on? I'm going to much more tentatively say it does _not_ , that the absolute values of the electric field will differ in this case but the _relative_ values, and thus the potential difference across the bulb, will be the same, and so the bulb will still light almost immediately. Or, using the transmission line analogy, if those capacitors were physically present, certainly the bulb would light immediately even with the switch interrupting both wires...
As someone who studied biology, this is fascinating. Your muscles contract and neurons fire through a rapidly changing ion gradient that de-polarizes and re-polarizes your muscle. In school, every teacher I had would compare it to an electric charge running down the muscle, but would always add a disclaimer that it’s not really electricity, just a wave of changing charges.   It’s amazing to see at at its core, electricity is just a wave of changing charges. Who knew? The disclaimer wasn’t needed!
Derek: "and i took that personally" 😂
Only the small transient behaviour is due to electromagnetic radiation and you can use your Poynting vector. This transient behaviour is covered in second year ‘em physics courses and shouldn’t need to be brought up in high school.  Look if you yourself only have a minimal understanding don’t try to explain it to others publicly. You must realize that you don’t really understand it.
You again are wrong about what happens when you close the switch. Electrons will rearrange themselves down the wire and through the bulb - the straight line distance to the bulb is irrelevant in the steady state case.
Charge is always carried on the surface of conductors - that is an irrelevant detail.  The electric field across the bulb is due to election rearrangement in the wire. Electrons cause this field.  The electrons rearrange themselves in the wire at near the speed of light in a similar was that when you push one end of a stick the signal travels down the stick at near light speed and the other end moves almost instantly.
So I guess you were wrong; Electrons DO carry energy around the circuit. You have complicated a simple idea by diving into endless details. The physics teachers are right as shown by the yellow trace on the oscilloscope. Leave the explanation of the initial transitive signal (which you botched by the way) to university courses.
When the genius kids in class starts fighting about whose answer is right
you dished out $250k for this lmao
Again 3 grade teaching while putting more plastic in the word.
The shepherd, sheepdogs and sheep analogy really made this easier to understand.
You didn’t consider insulation on the wires. How does that change the answer?
Can you explain how mixing new and used batteries affects performance and battery effectiveness? A thought occurred to me that the new battery might be attempting to charge the older battery which may cause issues if the batteries aren't rechargeable, but I wasn't sure if that was accurate.
but if this is what is happening then how can electrons flow in two different directions if we use a single wire to to complete two different circuits
Well, as soon as you show elections as little balls you're already wrong. Also you can't say the electric-field shepherds the electrons, they are the same thing
This is the kind of YouTube drama we need.
Theoria Apophasis would be proud of you. Fields are the thing
How do you explain different types of wire being better conductors?
Since the battery is connected to the wires. Wouldn't the batteries electric field encompass the wires all the way to the light? Since the wires connected to the light are essentially the battery.
So what happens if you DO break the wire, or have no wire at all? Just the light-speed, low power field transferring owwe to the resistor?
Eyy yoo Derek, here's a thumbs up from the curl right hand rule. Nice explanation you got there!
I really enjoyed both the original video and this deeper dive.  And I think they worked quite well as standalone videos.  I wouldn't mind more coupled videos with a more in-depth explanation follow-up exploring the topic further.
Well no wonder we all have cancer if thats how it works
A (4 meter) 12’ phone charger charges a phone much more slowly than a (1 meter) 3’ charger.  What phenomenon is taking place here?
At 12:06 it looks like you are simulating the battery being 'turned on', since the radial E field lines begin to propagate away from the battery.  Does this transient event of charging up the wire also light up the bulb at ~300 ps?  You could test this with your apparatus by putting a switch on both sides of the battery to isolate it, then measuring the resistor voltage the same way when closing one switch.
Show the video with two switches located from both sides near the battery, enabled simultaneously. It should provide  delay proportional to length of wire divided by C.
This channel is dangerous to my productivity but beneficial to my knowledge of the world ...
you did an amazing job, some people just like to argue
Sir can you please provide link for rick hartley video
Thnx sir , you nailed it!
If you dont need the wire to transfer energy to turn on the light… then show us it. Turn on the light without the wire
D, I never doubted you, just look at all ur haters, they look like homeless dumb hobos.  Love ur work.
What is current then, is it just slowly drifting electrons?
Dude. You got nothing to be sorry about nor apologize for. Thank you so much for this video and all the others. I truly love your videos and explanations. If only college professors put the same amount of effort and thought into their lessons! We have been teaching simplified models of what actually happens and it is mind bogglingly complex what actually happens at the atomic level. Thank you again for opening our minds a little more!!! Keep it up. All the best!!
Absolutely wonderful to see. I'm exited to see the advancement of debate as academics exchange ideas in a matter more closely resembling hip hop battle rappers. With the responses being quick, flavorful , full of energy and boldness  compared to the intellectual debates of the past , that were carried out mostly by  academics in a snobbish , biased,  inner circle of selected professionals at ivy league schools that acted as gate keepers as well as the slanted scientific journals that tightly controlled the margin of debate.
@veritasium  I am so very grateful for the brilliant lessons you are giving to us on Youtube!  I particularly  like that you approach, not dogmatic, and humility where warranted, observation based knowledge discovery! thanks! :)  By the way, do you play Raft, or just like the music?  Would be fun to play the game with you, take care!
So turns out bulb will not go full power (brightness), will it?
By making this about light bulbs you really muddied the waters to the point of being misleading. You did finally show more clearly that the fields carry the energy… BUT the 1/c light bulb argument is  pretty much a red herring IMO.   Yes there is an “antenna effect “ that induces a SMALL current at the “light bulb” almost immediately… but you just showed that it would NOT be enough to turn on what anybody ,including you in your first video, would call a real light bulb.  For a “real” light bulb to glow we would still have to wait for the fields to go around the long way.  Your conclusion should be that there will small current induced almost immediately but it is NOT enough to glow a “light bulb “.  By making this about light bulbs you really muddied the waters to the point of being misleading.
It is very easy in one sentence: the existing electrons in the material gets moving.
Im more confused after watching than I was before watching... electicity is weird.
The first video wasn’t understood? I’m not even educated, and I was able to hear and understand what he was saying in the first video.
"How Electricity Actually Works", should read "How Electricity Doesn't Work", at then end, no real explanation given, just some subjective observations, - what actually happens at the quantum level, what actually travels, what actually is current that makes wires hot.......i must be incredibly dumb to still have all these questions, and here i thought, that being schooled and having a career as an  engineer qualified to me to understand all these things, stupid me!, where is maxwell when i need him....
Glad to see the age-old tradition of scientists/engineers ripping into a colleague's experiment and eventually ending on "huh you were right, that's pretty cool" is alive and well
So, What is happening when I leave an extension cord coiled up while using it?
Farming his own mistakes for content. Nice.
The problem is that he spends 40 minutes of video recounting so much (scientifically correct) detail that he obscures the most important concepts of how electricity works. His need to keep shouting that everyone else is wrong, it's all the FIELDS, FIELDS, FIELDS, diverted him from presenting a careful comparison of transmission with wires and without wires, how they are different and how they are similar, and how they are interconnected. Why we use wires in some situations and not in others. These matters are not difficult to explain, and it would have been a more educationally useful presentation.
Yeah, so the first video was a clickbait and now someone finally made his homework. Not impressed, but satisfied with the resolution. 👍
Is  this the reason that we use overhead AC transmission methods, rather than underground cables? I also heard about high voltage DC cables for the transmission of power from say sahara solar over or under the Med for Europe markets? Thank you for making my head hurt and think about electricity in a new way. (A-Level physics in '79 )
This is so fascinating.
Great Video. And really fascinating topic.
Hello. First, I love both videos. Electrician here. I've always thought in terms of ohms law so to speak and it's also like that with NEC. My question is related to imput voltage, voltage drop and conductor sizing. If the field Is where energy powers the load, what is the real world significance of my above concerns? Apologies if I didn't articulate the question well.
Welcome to the internet, Derek.
when people use their misconceptions to prove someone wrong they will always come up with false results to base their proof on resulting in them thinking they were right and the other one wrong. what they need to do is go beyond what they think they know not by trying to prove a statement wrong but by trying their best to prove the statement correct. THEN they will find the actual truth. “If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.”  - Nikola Tesla
does this also explain why turning things on and off use more power then leaving them idle a little
So we don't need wires anymore ?
NO MOVEMENT...LOL THEY NEVER NEED TO MOVE,LOL VIBRATIONS IS A WAVE,LOL ITS MOVING ISNT IT,LOL GRAVITON'S
Great to see folks passionate about extremely relavant info vs someone scoring a touchdown 🤓  So do these fields have consequences with our bodies fields? Are we always a closed circuit till we die? These are probably stupid qs
You should not feel bad about all those clout chasers and money getters. They need you who does a great job by the way to carry them for views because they can find a not perfectly intended part of a video and say it was all based on this! Shame on them for trying to look smart and shame on you for being nice about it. I couldn’t have done it with near the class great job.
I think this long explanation of the way electricity works is a tad slower than how it actually works in reality. This is my conclusion.
This was the most amazing video I've seen in years, 2 years after graduating from computer engineering (10% was theoretical electrical engineering) I always promised myself that I would find a better visual understanding of the theoretical thesis and names that was used, that I barely understood the use for and barely scraped by.  Thank you, I will carry on this visual understanding to my nephews and nieces. <3
Simply love how science can literally be so awesome 😎😌👌👌
It is unfortunate that this video and its predecessor seem to be creating more confusion rather than less. The presentations contain a lot of interesting detail, all correct as far as I can tell, but this razzle-dazzle of data serves only to distract from the important ideas about not just electricity, but how physics problems in general are approached and solved.   Transmission by wires and transmission through space are related at a fundamental level, and that is good to know. But, there are enough differences between the two scenarios that it may be easier and more transparent to focus on different parts of each system in our analysis.   In energy transmission by wires, the focus is on the charges: where they are, where they move, what propels them. They’re what we control and manage. The second video shows just how complicated their behavior is! Step back, however, and the story is clear: After the battery separates charges, doing work on them, those charges and others in the two wires rearrange themselves under their own mutual repulsion. (Pause here to reiterate the “and others.” The original charges don’t need to go all the way down the wires, just their collective push.) As a result the opposite ends of the wires now also have a supply of separated charges, and energy can be recovered by letting them “fall” to each other.   What is wrong with that account? Not only does it tie electricity to charge motion, it also explains what primarily drives those charges, Coulomb repulsion. And, it explains exactly the form in which energy is delivered: a supply of separated charges, kind of a “fuel,” like gas in the tank.   For transmission through empty space where there aren’t charges, such as with light beams or radio broadcasts, there is nothing around but the fields. So the description focuses on them, what controls their configuration, and how they can carry energy. We’re firmly stuck dealing with Maxwell’s equations. There’s no place else to assign the energy but the fields.   It is correct that the field view must also apply to the electricity case, and that the Poynting vector can be used to calculate the energy flow, and that calculating from charge configuration and motion must give the same answer. But since you can also deduce everything by just looking at the charges, the field view is not so helpful in the case of wires.   Different problems, different formulations.
Awesome, thank you for the explanation!
Thanks! Respect!
This feels like a stackoverflow argument in a 25 minute video.
Swap electrons making the field; the field moving the electrons.  Isn't it just a reference frame and not correlations?
You are correct !!! The most important thing are the fields ! many scientist have spoken about for years but the thing is how they teach nowadays. The answers to all those questions are in the Maxwell and Steinmetz equations !
derek: does something in a video derek in the next video: clearly i did a bad job in explaining so....
What happens if the wire is insulated with some sort of EMF shielding?
What a fantastic video! I really, really applaud your approach. I learned a lot. Sincerely, a guy with PhD in physics.
Since current is the movement of the electrons the lamp would turn on in 0 seconds. Since voltage is applied to all free electrons in a conductor instantaneously the free electrons inside the lamp would move ,since current in a lamp the moment a close circuit is established, this video is focused on the electron leaving the battery but not how electrons move or what happens inside the conductor when voltage is applied .
From my side this things was fantastic ..
Its make me need to study about electrolysis more
Nice job Ben Watson! But overall there is nothing surprising, which is a bit of a relief. Closing a switch will accelerate charges and create an E&M field that induces current in your nearby wire/resistor. A familiar problem to all circuit designers especially at high frequencies. You can improve your power coupling with a little antenna knowledge and choosing the optimum resistance. Meanwhile the bulk of the power must be transmitted down the wire and back. Wire pairs, twisted wires, coax, all would have different velocity and delay times.
This is genius, thank you for this insight!
Brooo...imma student currently in grade 12(as in India).....and our teachers here never told on how the electricity actually flows...seeing this like the electrons flow through the resistors in specific amounts due to the field it just makes a lot more sense.....good job to the animators and the content creator....tks for making this video...😊😊
I think what you are describing are two separate phenomena. In the DC case it is the step change that results in EM waves being launched across the gap between the switch and load. Once the step change has finished, there are no EM waves (apart from those transients caused by reflections in the wires and surrounding environment), so in the steady state the energy dispated in the load is due to electrons responding to the static E field interacting with the lattice. The same induction effect will be present when the switch is opened causing transient EM waves. Transformers don't work with DC in the steady state - car ignition systems work on the principle of pulsed DC causing growing and collapsing fields in the coil. The HT leads are screened to prevent EM waves escaping and causing interference.  In the AC case the field is oscillating at the frequency of the generator, so there will be an ongoing induction effect across the air gap to the load in addition to an EM wave that travels along the axis of the wires causing energy transfer via electrons and the lattice in the load.   Coax cables are designed such that the EM wave doesn't escape into free space, if they did then energy would be lost to free space.  In all cases, photons (or if you prefer, EM waves) are absorbed causing electrons to increase energy levels, and electrons decrease energy levels causing photon to be emitted - this is how the energy is actually transferred. LEDs work on this principle as do filament bulbs, LEDs are just more efficient at emitting photons of a well defined frequency whereas filament bulbs waste energy by emitting photons over a wide bandwidth covering infrared and visible light.  Light blue touch paper and retire to a safe distance!
Why isn't the misconception of microscopic fairy's, carrying buckets of their own charged fairy dust, debunked by you?
Very good video to fall asleep
You just explained why wireless things exist and why there is a wire in the first place is to put them on a right direction since the one that prove flow is the field itself
Maybe I’m a bit late but anyways: I‘ve watched a couple of your videos and I never really knew what to think of you. My entire scientific knowledge comes from school and maybe some mathematics from unfinished IT university courses. So while I‘m eager to learn I don‘t have the fundamentals to differentiate between trustworthy sources and those that are just trying to generate clicks. So I was cautious about what you said in your videos, but after this one I‘m pretty sure you really try to teach stuff because you want to spread knowledge and not have money as your main focus. I really like how you can admit to your mistakes because you are looking for the truth and not just want to build up the image of the always correct teacher. Thank you for that, you‘ve earned a new follower and fan today
So what I don't get is how does a field carry energy? I thought a field was just a place for particles to travel? Thus, fields don't contain energy, but the particles that move across the field carry the energy? If the field itself carries energy, then what is the energy? In other words, what gives the electrons energy?
Quick question, the highest magnitude Electric Field is inside the conductor right? You show it all around the wire but it mainly follows the conductor right?
Would frequencies from other atoms affect an electric field, resonance or not. If so how and in what ways?
I have a feeling that this is master Tesla's magnificent invention. Watching start now.
I totally followed you from the original video. Maybe cause my electrical knowledge is not as much as this that replied lol.   But this was an awesome followup.
14:19 - so you’re saying Tesla was correct 🤔
Oh that's why christmas lights have two wires
Transmitter's and circuit board's nano technology = wireless
Probably stupid question, but still. If the light bulb lights up because of the electric field that radiates when the switch is closed, and not because of electrons moving through the wire, then wouldn't putting something between the battery and the light bulb to block the electric field cause the light bulb not to light?
Thanks for the great explanation. I have one question. Let's say the switch and the bulb are still 1m away, but the wires connecting them are 300000km in legth, like in the video at ~13min, and that circut is broken at the end of the wire, far away from the switch, again, like in the video. You are saying that when we close the switch, the bulb will turn on, and it will be turned on for the time it took a signal to go from the switch to the broken piece of wire and back?
You left out something essential in your argument that electrons don’t push eachother along because the nuclei of the conductor cancel out their mutual repulsion:  If one end of the wire is connected to a charged source of concentrated electrons, then those electrons will be forced down  the wire by THEIR mutual repulsion, because there is an actual net charge in that origin location. Those electrons are an excess over and above the atomic electrons that “belong” in the conductor, and therefore their mutual repulsion with eachother and with the conductor’s atomic electrons will force a current. The most apt analogy in this case is perhaps not marbles in a tube, but a compressed air cylinder attached to a rubber hose. The air in the hose will not flow when the valve is shut off, because it is in an equilibrium not unlike the balanced charges in a disconnected wire, but when you open the valve, suddenly there’s more air at the cylinder end of the hose than the open end, and that air will spread out by pushing all of the air in front of it out of the way until it shoots out of the open end. To turn this pneumatic setup into a circuit, all we have to do is connect the open end of the rubber hose to the intake side of the air compressor that supplies the cylinder, and the suction on that side will create a “positive charge” which is devoid of air just like the positive side of a battery, which renders itself deficient in electrons.
learned more in  this video than in 4 years as an electrical engineering student. All the laws I learned now make sense.
So the problem with this answer is it doesn't help the rest of us, this was a response to your naysayers.  still don't understand it.  if electricity is transmitted to the disconnected wire below, why can't I hook up a bulb just to it?
Thomas Edison:
still didnt understand anything xd😅
Don't worry bro. I understood the first time/video. I got you.
You said electrons dont move inside wire,and you contradicted you own statement by moving them.
I feel like he was intentionally sloppy in the first video to get critical responses to make a much more well rounded video
I think the original video generated a great result. Many many people including myself now think about the energy transfer in a whole new way.  Thank you...
Starting watching the basics of electricity for a trade school class and ended up here not having clue of what is going on.
I can tell you that many people think only about ohms law and circuits.  Fields is what is behind all of it.  Circuit theory is a subset of electromagnetism.
I haven't gotten through all this yet; but could someone correct me if I'm wrong - isn't it almost exactly like surface tension on a liquid?   A battery/power source will be drawn from to maintain the 'tension' of electric charges on the surface of objects in circuit with it, proportional to the total voltage drop of the circuit.  The voltage drop is like the strength of the surface tension, which is different for different liquids.  Is this correct?
I guess you just also verified the Cunningham's Law  Cunningham's Law states "the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer."
One of my professors once said, "remember the concepts, not the answers." This idea clashed with my stubbornness many times while I was in school. You bring up a very significant point about using shortcuts even if that was not your intention. My teacher for a statistics course would become annoyed with my questions about "why" we used specific formulas for certain problems. His answer to me was, "don't bother yourself with why, just know it works."  He was obviously more concerned with my passing his class. That answer never sat right with me. I did later, outside of my institution, find the answers to my questions. My point here is that shortcuts always seem to reduce our visibility on the importance of concepts, which can sometimes be it's relation to another process.
This is literally Line transmissions 101, though really not intuitive
Tesla would be proud of you.
@Veritasium - IS IT TRUE? -- If an appliance, for example, a TV, is plugged in, but turned OFF, the TV will still be using electricity, despite the fact that the TV is OFF.  When turned OFF, the TV uses approx. 40% of the power used when it's turned ON.  Can you explain, confirm, or debunk this?  Thank you.
Still, the electric field in the wire (yes, IN the wire, not just on its surface) is caused by the moving electrons. Tiny movements, but movements still. There wouldn't be any transfer of the electric field along the wire if the electrons didn't move.
Thank you Veritasium.
Before watching this video, I understood you the first time.  I would aurgue with my teacher when I was freshman.  The photon is the force carry not the electron. The field of energy travels in a wave. Or more precisely, the energy in the field travel at the speed of light. There is NO particle.
What if everyone was a as gracious to their opposers as Derek. And responded with thoughtful consideration instead of emotional reaction and anger? The world we know might just explode. I mean what a guy, provides links to his naysayers because he believes they deserve a voice and gave something important to add to the conversation. Fkn legend
If the light would turn on even if the circuit is broken, why doesn’t every light turn on in my house when I turn on 1 switch?
1
Misleading !!!
But still miss leading... Because in the first video you clearly directing people to think how fast the flow is? Now you are claiming that there is a small amount of field that causes a flow in the area in which you place the resistance. This already and clearly known issue. Result: a total nothing...  This is just my idea, please no offence.   Thanks.
unbeliable,   you explaint it wery well  (it seems really obvious at first time) but they who dont agree, were not able expand their mind...
Stepping into video and still can confirm how big of a genius the Tesla was and His attempts to make wireless electricity is completely possible, although less efficient.
Do you mind doing a video on how Zinc works as a sacrificial element in boats. I'm sure my sail boat, my limited salt water science and limited understanding of just the elementals of electricity. Thanks for doing this video. Thanks for considering doing a video at your level on electrolysis.
I think you should stop guessing dude and leave it up to the experts from now on.  You waffle on about non-sense.  It would make for a far more interesting video.
Energy is generated from dislike surfaces touching. This simple laws builds capacitance due to the law of induction and lenses law. Turns out physics works a lot more like waves than particles than previously thought 🤔...A LOT more like waves haha.
Couldn’t you technically power the light second bulb by flipping the switch really quickly over and over?
No kidding. This it is and has always been in the science community. It's like politics but there actually is a right answer, it's just hard to get it.
This a really remarkable video, omg the simulations gave me an orgasm
I was a printed circuit board (PCB) designer for 45 years, and I developed an intuition for EMI issues and things on circuit boards.  I always knew that the pravalent practice of making zig-zagging tracks to equalize tranmission lengths was completely without merit.  Asking questions such as "has this been tested?" got me nowhere of course, as "everybody *knows* it works".  Of course!  And so it continues on and on, forever unquestioned.  One of these days, someone with half a brain and the right equipment will actually measure the presumed signal path time equalization and discover that none of the copper trace zig-zagging adds an iota of delay or equalization.  And when they do so, everybody will then look astonished and wonder why nobody ever questioned the practice.  Thanks for the fabulous video.
Lightning kind of does something similar. A little instantly then Boom a lot more. That may be apples to oranges, just sayin.
Electron, proton neutron can see actual action by microscope how they work? Or only imagination?
The debate electrifies
He still don’t understand it does he, he is confusing a lot of people for no reason. And i think their mini experiment is confusing him a lot more. The energy his getting from the beginning of his test is different from the current his getting that will keep the light bulb on. He need to understand that the eletro magnetic field will never be enough to keep the lights on. For it to really work it has to move continuously like a magnet in a electric generator. He is creating an unnecessary confusion between the two.
Putting our time and effort in activities and investments that will yield a profitable return in the future is what we should be aiming for. Success depends on the actions or steps you take to achieve it.
Thank you for the mindfuck. I want more, more, more!
So basically if there is an “intersection”  from animation it’s “harder” for electrons to turn"?
Ok. I didn’t see the initial claim, so maybe I’m being ignorant here. BUT I think your circuit was a bit misleading.
This, again, has lots of inaccurate explanations but okay, it gives a good framework to think about electricity.
In my post USSR high school during physics class I remember fairly well our lessons on electric fields - I very much remember being totally WOW'ed about this concept as in "wow so this is how electricity and all the circuits work so fast". We weren't given this idea of electrons pushing each other - and this explanation was totally new for me and made me very skeptical of it as I'd imagined if it was the case then kinetic movement instead of electromagnetic fields would dominate the timings of electric currents and thus wire communication would be incredibly incredibly slow almost like trying to pass information through pressurized water pipes - even though electrons are very light and faster than atoms - still they don't travel nearly as fast as light. I can't say that our education was good in every respect - far from it - for example the explanations and diagrams that we were given were so rough and so much left to imagination that it all totally went over the heads for majority of the class students who weren't as curious in physics - but still I'm very proud that this particular question they got it right in USSR high schools teaching material.
So: We have a empty cut board and you cut it with knife is there bread in it after the cut? so 0 divided by anything is?
I'm still skeptical. Not that there will be a voltage, but rather the cause of it. The thing that would convince me is if the system pushing the pulse was not a constant voltage system (which it is in the experiment), but rather a constant current system. What I see in the above case is a constant voltage is applied, but it results in a changing current, which results in a changing magnetic field...and so on. If the voltage on the far side is truly cause by the electric field only, then causing the current to reach steady state faster than the gap time, and then observing the voltage on the far side between the end of this period, and the start of the wire length current pulse time, would actually answer the question in reality.   If:  1. the voltage/current goes up, but then it drops...and finally comes up, then the change is due to the changing magnetic field 2. if the voltage goes up, and stays up, and then finally comes up to steady state, then the change is due to the electric field.    I supposed this comment will get lost in the thousands though, but if it doesn't, would love to hear from Derek :)    a constant current system is actually a lot harder to produce, and the gap would need to be large enough to make the field travel time be larger than the system steady state time...might be very hard to engineer though.   I guess i'll try to reach out to the Ben who ran the live maxwell equation simulations to see what the result would be.
Convert into hindi please
Well, it's a little controversial, because in maxwell's equations, especifically the fourth, he introduce the concept of displacement current, refers a flow of energy due a variation in electric and magnetic field in a capacitor (this concept was introduced for completing the amper's law called amper-maxwell equation). It means, in a simple circuit like show in the video, if you introduce in series a capacitor, the flow of energy continuous but it depends on if the source is a direct o alternating current. What is that means? the flow of energy occurs if the magnetic and electric fields are variables, for that reason, there are not electrons moving around the circuit (that model tells you, the electrons don't jump from one plate to another). the same happens, in transformers, variables magnetic field induced variables electric fields and then a current appear (maxwell's third law). Let's talk about potential and kinetic energy (the misconception mentioned in the video), How do we can transfer energy  over long distances? the trick is to increase the voltage and decrease the current, because with currents the losses are high, what is that means? that is, we must reduce the amount of electrons moving to the load, increasing the potential energy of the system (electric field). at the end of the transmissions lines (Low Voltage) we use transformers (step down) for increasing the kinetic energy and decrease the potential energy; so the energy reaches the load.   Another concept that are not mentioned are the reactive energy, active and complex power. They are so important for understanding the principles of electricity... Then we conclude that the transfer of energy is carried out by the conductor
Ok, some of you won't like the show that I'm gona quote here but EEK BARBA DURKLE, GEEZ folks,  I thought that we all got the idea. It is a very interesting topic to some but the question to ask is does what we know allow us to know and design proper electrical circuits that are efficient,  safe,  reliable  and predictable and yes, we have that.  I is a video that is meant to educate and I do get and agree that it should be correct and directionally I think it is.  I think even Derek thinks so if I was reading his facial expressions and body language about a minute in.  Let's all just take it easy and enjoy the informative and entertaining video, make a comment if you wish and go on with your day.  Cheers!
So as a member of the lay community, if a power station turns on a switch will the current travel at light speed to reach your house?
Great stuff!
thanks for breaking the oversimplifications the schools taught us.
Would this still work if the wires were shielded?
Like everyone says, whether you were right or wrong, whether this was a stupid misunderstanding or a rather complicated matter we still debate on, the process you and everyone went through was a good display of science. You couldn't have approached it better.
Damn, electricity is way more complicated than I thought. But at the same time, great explanation.
before i watch the video. i always asked myself what would happen if you have a long enough power  line and you are running with alternating current - wouldnt there be "collisions" because the current is alternating and the power line is to long so that one hz can not finish its cycle? :-) hard to explain - not a native english speaker
Electrons do not carry anything.
Great video. I did a degree in Electrical engineering a long while ago that I never really used. It's nice to be reminded of all this mind bending stuff 😅😅
Pov me learning things from a youtube vid but not from school :🧐
don't think of electricity like water passing through a pipe - think of Newtons' Cradle! AN ELECTRIC FIELD DISTORTS THE ELECTRON ORBIT and like Newtons Cradle the energy is passed forwards via repulsion  opposites attract and likes repel!  the electron never actually moves away from the atom, the electron field merely distorts (changing from circular to egg-shaped) forcing the same effect in the adjacent atom (via repulsion) and so energy is 'bumped along' just like Newtons' Cradle
24 minutes after "ah, I'll just check out this for a sec," I leave more knowledgeable than I started, but no closer to understanding why I suck so bad at Angry Birds 2
Lmao my boi went hard on this one
I am so confused. Why won't a light bulb closer to the battery light up with no wires if there are energy waves? If it travels to an unconnected wire why not a lightbulb or any other conductive material? Why don't I die from the powerful energy going along the wires? Wouldn't I turn on like a lightbulb from the massive energy in/around the powerlines? Why do I have to touch an electric fence to feel the power? Is there an amount of energy that when sent through a circuit could kill someone with that energy wave? It is quite late writing these questions so, maybe in the morning.
Por favor,  hagan la traducción del video
It’s all just magic
Yet another nonsense video...  Surface charge is not responsible for moving electrons in wires.. . It is very simply the PD or voltage difference between the start and end of the wire. . . . We put wires through holes in metal plates, in many situations.. .   That will strip out or block any external electrical field. . . .  Sometimes, we do that for very special reasons. . . .  .  True it takes a long time for one electron to go into the wire and get to the far end.. .   But it is more like billiard balls in a row, one in at one end and another out at the other end..   This happens at about 1/10 the speed of light, if there are no other forces involved..... . .     What confuses the picture is that when we send EM waves down a two wire cable, with very exact spacing between the two wires.  ( Yes, I have had to build just such a twin-wire transmission line. ),  but this only happens at high frequencies, sort of up in the Radio frequencies.  ( Yes, I work in radio systems. ), as waves, the data, the signal travels at about 0.6C
👍
Die Ehre wurde wiederhergestellt
After watching these 2 videos I feel like I have a better understanding of this subject than my university professors .
The electric energy has two main aspects; the electric and magnetic field. Your light bulb and the light is the consequence of the energy transformation. The real question is if the electromagnetic manifestation ocurra in that point for the light bulb, when the generator starts for the electromagnetic generation.
Had studied this 8 yrs ago in High School. Understood it today.
They don’t want people to know how electricity actually works. Correct understanding leads to ether, God, consciousness, free energy, free healing etc…
Good old falstad ❤️
Do you stir the pot on purpose to get more views and then make followup videos?
Conviction comes easy, it's better to prove.
Is this the effect of reddit to Rowan the manager? Or this is the proof of his hidden brilliance?
So why does the voltage suddenly go way higher after a bit? If EM fields are what's actually powering the lightbulb and the length of the cables out into space don't matter, why is it not full brightness at 1m/c? What's the cause of the delay
So he purposefully left out the m in 1/c because he wanted to see who would understand and apparently only Ben Watson did
as an electrical engineer and a physicist I can say that even universities don't teach this topic correctly.  BUT to be honest this less known fact should be known especially for the experts. why? because every electrical engineer and physicist should know that electromagnetism is carried by the bosons of electromagnetic interaction (photons). the concept of Poynting vector should also be evident for these experts.  so believing that electrons carry energy should be typical only among laymen. those (at least a bit) familiar with transmission lines and networks with distributed parameters this topic shouldn't be surprising.  anyway, this video together with the previous one is really quality content.
(stops video at 0:12)... I don't think so. Each time an electron gets knocked into the next one, you lose energy (or rather, it dissipates as heat).
The problem is that IC circuits seemingly would not be able to work nor anything PC board based. It would all interfere from trace to trace and transistor to transistor...
Does this mean that when I turn a light on at home, there is a fraction of the magnetic field I just generated that could (theoretically) light up a tiny light bub, switched off, at my neighbour's place?
what a nonsense
I'm not convinced. Alternating  field is different from static field. I would be convinced if the energy source is a AC generator instead of a battery.
So how does lightning work? You can clearly see the electricity going from one location to another. Aren't huge numbers of electrons moving through the atmosphere? But if a wire connected those two locations, electrons wouldn't be moving through the wire?
Good work!
At 11:07 you state the bulb would turn on anyways which is simply untrue as the far right side is essentially another switch, in saying that if you have any amount of wire on the battery before the switch light will come on, this does not happen. Also you state the induced magnetism ( this isn't current)  in a wire Parallel to the circuit would also turn on a light, this again is untrue as it has nowhere for current to flow as it's not a complete circuit, also DC voltage cannot be transmitted in this way (which a battery is) this only works with AC voltage (which would still require a complete circuit on both sides of the coil)  which is why there is no such thing as a DC transformers.
Derek is an admirable internet celebrity with a decent gentlemanly demeanor!  Of course, it is also possible for us to switch on the light bulb through the switch, and the oversized and flat "Open-loop" (Open-loop) twin-wire (Parallel-Plate Capacitor) forms a transiently distributed electromagnetic wave that flies through the air (against the mountain) to continuously transmit power" or "quasi-steady state" electromagnetic energy wave energy to light a light bulb. For example: the positive and negative electrode "open-loop" parallel plate capacitors introduced in the college experiment class, if a high-capacity (>1 Farad) capacitor is used to connect a switch and a small light bulb (<10 mW) and a battery, when the switch is turned on , although there is no metal wire to "connect" the bulb and positive and negative electrodes of the capacitor (Electrods), the transient electromagnetic EM field still forms a low impedance (Low impedance z ~ 0 Omh) across the space to continuously transmit "steady-state" electromagnetic field energy , so the bulb can be "instantly" lit and maintained been lightened for a long time, and then the bulb slowly dims off and disappears after the capacitor is charged!
Y qué pasa con los videos en español??
Can someone explain how do current sensor works after watching this video.
This was pretty easy to assume with basic Electromagnetism knowledge. Then again my basic knowledge could be the reason I easily assumed.
The original was wrong because he used an ideal light bulb but a real battery.  Real batteries self discharge, and they do so at a non-constant rate which means there is always a changing electric current present which will couple into the light bulb and induce a very small current, but since the lightbulb is ideal it was always on.
As a typical man, I am interested in everything except sports, automotive and... electricity. That's true- however i can tell much more abt charges movement in a curcuit after watching this video :) thanks!
🤔🤯
still waiting to see you since paying for Theatre tickets in 2020 Derren.  2 Years waiting and still postponed till 2023.  Cmon lad pull ya finger oot.
Does the thickness of the wires matter? Would have to be thin as anything to equal the length shortened?
TOP 10000
This video and the comments perfectly show that YouTube ist the worst place for presenting and discussing complicated technical topics. Go to a university, specialize in RF-Technology, work at least 10-20 years as a development engineer and if you are under the top 20% specialists who worked in DC, RF and pulse technology, you can understand the problem. Understanding means, you do not need a lot of math and you are able to predict the right results. And you do not have to discuss these effects.
Is this man trying to explain, demonstarte, conclude, or learn??? I am confused.... Millions of electronics and  electrical circuits are working fine around the globe, including his mobile, based on simple theory, and he's.........
I love science, oh boy..!!!!!
7:30 12 year old boy. Plays call of duty
Derek's humbleness is killing me. Respect all the way for all the parties involved.
So don't use "a switch", have the circuit already set up , with only one ting missing: the battery, then insert the battery, how long till this charge builds up?
Even a simple circuit is complicated😑
So can i assume that the moment i switch on something near my phone, it is charging my phone too just the efficiency is too low to be noticed?
awesome video. great use of the scientific method and general productive collaboration. i love the internet. sidenote- why did they build their experimental circuit so high off the ground?
Electricity - Excited lightweight electrons combine theoretical relativity inducing "C" is "Time" y''know....
uno reverse
So what happens if you theoretically have a closed circuit but contained the electro magnetic field from expanding to the other side of the circuit by lining the conductor with something that negates the fiel, but the cable was still connected all the way through the circuit. The electrons wouldnt travel at all?
Here we go again
I think you should look at transformers too because kinda the same thing because it's two separate circuits
What if the wire is in a huge square with the wire surrounded by insulators. Like the wires in a wall. How does the electric field generate across the wire surface? Why is it still instantaneous and faster than an electron drift?
That went totally over my head!
I think your answer to this is sponteneous. Bulb will light up instantly (with very low power output) as potential applied to the ends of wire.  power consumed of bulb will increase gradually
outstanding, I would like to know how many times you reviewed the video before posting :)
I understood this idea the first time you explained it in the previous video.  The people calling you out didn't seem to understand what you were trying to express.
Well... No electrons travels..... It only synchronized.
There is no speeeeeeeeeeed of light!
👏👏👏
Wow! Im just a chemist but this is remarkable.  Not what we were taught back 45 yrs ago.  One question,  since the electric potential is generated by a chemical reaction, exactly what is going on in the battery?
Does that means that is we were to place the switch and the light at the furthest point of the circuit instead of them being place beside each others, the delay of the bulb to light up would be greater?
I'm pretty dumb, but is the explanation basically that there's electron leakage from the bottom wire to the top wire that's enough to cause the LED to light up, the same way there's leakage from the switch to the wire before they connect, just on a bigger scale?
Typical moving of the goal post. You were trying to prove something way different in the previous video. Yes, electro magnetic waves can cause a small led lightbulb to turn on. Nothing new there, it's the main reason you separate your data cables from normal current especially across long distance like 100 meters.
Por favor, actualicen los doblajes de los videos. Para que podamos recibir videos repuesta en otros idiomas
Will the real Eric Dollard please stand up?!
You've take this channel to another level... again. You're educating the educators. Honestly incredible effort.  This is not my area. I would never have questioned those models and it's amazing to get such clarity and insight from you.
7:45… Shepard analogy :/ lol…. Wouldn’t it be easier to compare it to a any sort of pump, a battery has a role similar to a pump moving liquid
Why'd you need to put that junk way up on poles? :)
Can Faraday cages be used to mop up the field from the source and wires,  making  the initial 14mw of power that was detected (the yellow curve) disappear? Or would Faraday cages do nothing to stop this 14mw? Just wondering.
My level of respect for Veritasium increased even more after watching this video
Art Bell had 300v on a stationary loop of conductive wire , and your system will only work with flux lines on Earth .  When aircraft enter the devils triangle   they are without flux lines from the Earth ... First compasses can not find north, coms fail ....then the magneto fails and the plane crashes ..
You da man.
This is very much an electrical engineering focused subject, and I don't think this is unknown to any electrical engineer. What becomes complex is when electronic engineers start thinking about it.
17959th comment!!!
De Light Full! Even better with "mistakes". That's real science, alive, with arows of thoughts on the bow of thy mind. This Twilight Quest is  what makes the "Sun so hot"!   So I would tease even further claimi'g that NON of these "explanations" are indeed correct. Even the "field" ones.   I claim furthermore that, at the end of the day, a purely TOPOLOGICAL effect occures over the 4-electromagnetic POTENTIAL A, due to the crucial shift between OPEN vs CLOSE circuit.   In other words It's a GLOBAL INSTANTANEOUS NON LOCAL EFFECT, due to the genus shift from spherical S1 to Torus S1×S1.   A kind of Bohm-Aharonov like effect
This brought a tear to my eye. I loved this. Thanks, learning is fun.
V limited leymans understanding, so please excuse stupid question. Why are the red arrows in the opposite direction to the flow?
Is it then fair to say it is not the switch's position relative to the bulb but the other side of the wire at the bulb's position. ie,  wiring topology determines the initial surge time.
L
And as always. Thanks for watching.
Tesla proved all of these years ago. Only issue is he didn’t have YouTube.
Seriously ? He has to apologize for not saying 1m instead of 1 ? Are you folks that critical ? Or has YouTube become a placeholder to see human apologies? I'm pretty sure this channel (among others) is not one of those and should never be.   I'm an electrical engineer and his previous video was spot on. There are 100s of experiments which have proven his point. We even have an entire course on Transmission lines which revolves around this one single topic (how current actually flow). I can't believe the backlash he received for "leakage current". This just shows that many YouTubers simply jump the gun saying that "Derek is wrong" just to prove a point and to get more subscribers. Neither do they understand how current flows, nor are they well researched. But then again, its YouTube..anything that can sell..sells..
Does anyone wanna see @ElectroBOOM 's video about refuting this guy?
Also interesting that you used pipes instead of wires to increase the capacitive coupling and create an initial antenna current sufficient to light an LED.  Ordinary house wires would not even do that.  FOUL!
No. You didn't make a mistake in your original video.. I love your down to Earth videos without 20 minutes of scientific education
But what causes the electric field. Oh yeah the electrons and protons
Excellent video. Thank you so much for sharing all of this. I do have a question regarding the wiring of a circuit-  If the copper center of a wire was not totally heat sunk (thereby leaving some air in the wire cable) would that increase the electric field?  I get that the wire will get hot, you so don’t want it exposed, but would a loose wire covering be a better potential?
This guy could explain Einstein's theory of relativity and everyone would understand and could reproduce it after that. Alternative title for the video: "Roasting people on maximum level"
In my view, the way this video describes the effect of your original video and embraces how important all of those effects were to our general understanding — that all illustrates why politics are so hard to discuss AND why when we work together, even when we have disagreements, we can better learn things about our world.  Humanity is, among everything else that it is, a collection of perspectives; and when we try and illustrate our perspective one way, other people with different perspectives become focused on different parts of that illustration than we intended. The short sight then has humans yelling at each other for antagonizing and perceived ... disingenuity... (if you'll allow me to coin that conjugation; there's probably a previously established English word that I'm failing to think of or don't know). My evidence of this is the retelling of stories of fiction. Even when not wholly rewritten, different elements of the same story can be emphasized or downplayed to alter the take, giving an insight into the new person telling it. Each giving the listener/viewer something new to consider.  You came back with a new version of the experiment and faced the miscommunications and your faults, in a way that the way people in political conversations fail (or refuse) to do. Someone else may come back at you with how you've skewed your original video to try and back flip your way into having been right when you were wrong - and who might still seek to prove you wrong along an unintended avenue. You attempted to address such potentials, but among the billions of us, someone will think of one you missed. (That's the distribution curve at work, I think. The more of us there are, the bigger and further the fringes get. We need them.)  I've been unfairly picking on political discussions, but the way I see these collaborations of mind through discussion, the same sort of miscommunication exists in all things. The Telephone Game comes to mind and doesn't even require an Agent of Chaos who might deliberately warp the message. In pockets, we develop cultures around enough similar thoughts, but even in those pockets, the differences persist. The same but different; or the same but smaller.  Be good to each other, and to yourself when your emotions do that human thing.
Haha, I'm so lacking in formal education I'm surprising myself by having a question, perhaps someone may enlighten my ignorant electric mind. If the Human brain, nervous system etc uses electrical signals to function, where is this energy generated and where are the 'copper' wires carrying signals. Can a Human electrocute themselves or another, not static.....and also, are we AC or DC or am I just a little thunder struck.
Food for thought.....  you mentioned two terms Induction and EMF .  Those two act differently in Alternating current (AC) than they do In a static or Direct current (DC) circuit.   Try using the scope on a circuit supplied by AC voltage......   show the results.   I think youll find a big difference.
Well you did use a led light but it's AC and the car battery is DC so it's obviously never gonna work.
explained so long and not as simple as possible, it is easy to understand an electron of electric field in the first field just alter(push the next near by electron to the next one and so on) the next electron of electric field.
Oh my God....this guy again.   I didn't think you could be more confusing than in that first video, but then you made another video and proved me wrong.
From the initial experiment I was thinking running the wires next to each other was going to induce something current. Having the wires run in a large circle so that they are furthest away possible from each other would be interesting to include.
Eddy currents!
You again are misstating the explanation. The small 1m/c second induced voltage is many magnitudes lower than the steady state current. The E and H field are not instantaneous throughout the entire circuit, they propagate at the speed of C from the battery.  If you wanted to be fair, you should have asked when we would see ANY voltage drop across the device. You would see a voltage in the DUT even if you cut the wire at the ends. Again you are playing tricksy! RF experts are all amazed at your imprecise experiment.
What determines the current draw at given voltage,  Source or Load?
I previously commented about this video (2 days ago), saying is wasn’t wrong to say that electrons push each other (that is, they repel each other by exerting force at a distance), rather than saying that the electrons produce a field that accelerates other electrons. Basically these are equivalent.  After reflection, I would like to make an even stronger statement that at an introductory level repulsion may be the better choice, because it creates exactly the right intuition very economically. The most important thing that happens in a battery-powered circuit is that the battery does work on the charges, separating them, and creating an excess of electrons at one battery pole and a deficit at the other. This energy can be recovered by letting the positive and negative charges fall back together. If instead of letting them fall, a conductive wire is connected to the negative pole, the extra electrons purely under their own mutual repulsion, will advance into the wire, spreading themselves as evenly as they can along its length. A similar process applies to a wire attached to the positive pole. As a result, charges are also separated at the remote end of the wire, so energy can be extracted there by letting electrons fall across the gap at that end, too. (It is important for the teacher to also add that electrons are interchangeable, so the ones that go in at the battery end are not the same as the ones that fall at the distant end.)  I suggest that this view that things that repel each naturally spreading out is very intuitive, that it is easy to imagine them all running away from each other. I’d be interesting on people’s thoughts about this.  If the electric field is introduced instead, then it is less immediately obvious why this diffusion occurs, because it isn’t initially clear where this new field points. You have to explain that the field always points so that like charges experience a force that separates them, and opposite charges are drawn together. That is, the field implements repulsion and attraction between charges. But then you’re back at the force-at-a-distance view, with little gained pedagogically. You essentially break the straightforward image of spreading, and then reconstruct it under a different guise.  As an extra benefit, the repulsion idea also explains schematically why excess charges are on the outer edge of the wire, because once again they are spreading out as much as they can.  Thoughts?
This also makes me wonder, what is the point of insulation? Since current doesn't flow in the wire and rather through electromagnetic fields around the wire , doesn't it mean insulating the wire is unnecessary???
First thing, Veritasium's videos are great!  They inspire deep learning and fun experimentation!  However, just like the video about gravity and force, sometimes the messages tend to dismiss "old" concepts as incorrect just because something new is learned which seems more profound.  But It is unnecessary to dismiss the "old" view of electrons and currents in a circuit just because we also discover that radiation and fields play an important role.  And I don't mean this merely due to the practical use, I mean as part of the fundamental explanation.  The flow of electrons is still key to explaining and understanding a circuit.  I could go on and on about various details, but instead I'll cut to chase.  The radiated field apparently plays an important role in the circuit, although one must then ask the most crucial follow-up question:  What generates the necessary electric field which the video claims is the "more fundamental" element here?   The direct answer is the charged particles, the electrons.  Although the video does indeed point out that the electrons arrange themselves to establish the necessary fields in the wire, the treatment of the electrons thereafter is set aside for a preference of "the field".  However, as the electrons begin to drift, the only way for the field to maintain its necessary configuration is for the electrons to also continuously shift and move to maintain that field.  Guess what?  That also requires energy!  Energy can also be stored in the charged particle configuration!  In other words, if the "energy is in the field", that energy would quickly dissipate and the field alone could not power the circuit unless the charges continuously rearranged themselves to maintain that field throughout the circuit.  The field would not exist, or at least the necessary field to do continuous work would not be maintained without the flow of electronics, the current.  Thus the current remains just as fundamental a part of the circuit as the field.  Like so many other concepts in physics that are first explained in isolated, pure environments--think about frictionless surfaces and "no air resistance"--when teaching basics of kinematics, as we add more detail and learn how to contemplate more complex examples, we don't necessarily need to drop the old while we grasp the new concepts as "more fundamental".  What if we wrapped the wires in radiation absorbing/attenuating shields... how would that affect the outcome?  Would making such an equivalent "no radiative field" scenario contradict the classic concept of current in the wire?  No.  It could however prevent the lightbulb from behaving as it did in the experiment.  Rather the new knowledge needs to be  incorporated into a more complete and mature understanding.  It is incorrect to say that "all the energy is in the field" when the configuration of the entire circuit system is necessary for the light to continue working as part of the circuit.  Just like when dealing with gravity where both potential and kinetic energy must be included in the same equation, in a circuit we need to include both the energy in the fields and the potential energy of the charged particle configuration.
Regarding several comments about Nikola Tesla and through-the-air power transmission, I’d say that yes, it can be done, but there are important drawbacks. The thing with wires is that they can precisely direct energy to a huge number of targets like people's homes and even the individual outlets within a home. “Beaming” the power instead could potentially zap something in line-of-sight between the generator and the appliance, if that thing inadvertently had electrical characteristics that intercepted the power. Or, if the aim were a little off from miles away it might toast your neighbors instead of running your dryer. In conventional transmission the energy flow outside and along wires is largely confined to stay around and between them. To anticipate an objection, yes, the field extends to infinity; but the bulk of the power is channeled near the charge flow.  So although power can be transmitted wirelessly through space by the fields, and sometimes even aimed very accurately, controlling its distribution throughout an irregular network of consumers would be very difficult without using wires to guide it. The wires are not just an inconvenience, they and their contained charges are what makes sure the power goes to the right place.  And those charges are an essential part of the aiming. Consider, why do we protect ourselves by putting non-conductive plastic insulation around wires? Plastic doesn't stop the electric and magnetic fields, but it does stop electrons. We do this because we manage the fields indirectly by wrangling the electrons, and if we keep the charges from escaping the wire we keep the energy where we want it.
Electricity is a flow of electrons, If the electrons flow back and forth it will create an electromagnetic wave.
So Nicola Tesla was right over 100 years ago and probable that he would have succeeded creating global wireless power if his funding wasn’t terminated.
Is it correct to say "electricity is the flow of charge"? I teach physics and wish to do it accurately
You’re on the path toward discovering Nikola Tesla’s unlimited energy generator from the earth that has been kept secret from us.
Do the same explanation on a AC circuit.   Single Phase has electric and magnet fields.   Neutral only has magnet field.
Dose anyone happen to have the how woman actually work video.
I think you learned from your Blackbird video. You can make a lot for money by not being very specific in the first video of something counter intuitive.  Of course I am kidding. Love your content. Thank you!
Congratulations that you have become smarter, and this story has taught you to be precise in setting the task and describing the conditions. Less self-confidence, and more attention. You got a lot of kicks deservedly.
I understood absolutely nothing
You did not mention the electrons cause of charge within themself, namely the photons fluctuations, its cause and energy as time condensed matter. Would be nice to have this up in videos.
Original question was a profanation of physics - you provide irrelevant information and then magically provide answer based on unrelated factor - we actually have a magic lamp that lights from parasitic induction over 2 wires 1 meter apart. How long rest of it is irrelevant.  This is fricking clickbait. Shame. Unsubscribe.
Watt, did he just say?
Do Nikola Tesla's wireless power.. tower, and build a love demo 🤪 Could be fun.
If this were politics you would have been canceled
💝☘️
Is Voltage the Electric Field itself, part of it or something entirely separate?
Ain't no fight like a nerd fight😎
If you put the switch further and further away from the resistor, would you see increased time delay?
Exactly now I get it, except that I'm more confused
Hi Veritasium, if wires aren't necessary for flowing of electricity, then why don't birds get electrocuted sitting on high tension wires? Should n't they be electrocuted just flying near to those wires?
I'm sorry, can you say that again😂....Brilliant as usual.
A slow motion video of a circuit surrounded by iron filings would throw a bit  more light on the speed and strength of the field generated in a way that everyone can understand
Ahhh wire
So Tesla was right. We could have wireless energy
Cool, now swap the inductors and capacitors in the transmission line and watch as you only need one wire to connect loads and have way more power to work with off of the same input.
I think this is why for parallel current conductors specially when you have to follow a certain phase sequence, there is a proper cable arrangement to attain the most balanced current amongst the conductors.
There is a slight contradiction in your explanation (doesn’t impact on the overall) in that you state the surface charges and hence the potential difference across the the switch is already established but later you mention that the light would light up regardless of whether the circuit was complete (which contradicts the initial set up requirements). This does not break causality however as the set up occurs at c, if broken or not, you are accessing the circuit state by closing the switch (but a voltmeter across the switch would tell you the same information). so the propagation of voltage (via surface charge) still travels at c along the wire only the transfer of energy  (and in turn current) moves outside the wire via the changing electric field. If you were to plug both ends of the battery (or use a switch either side of the battery simultaneously) we would most likely observe what people are expecting the wire length/2c time before the light turns on (slightly longer I’d wager due to inductance), the /2 as the surface charge is travelling from both sides (might not be right about that). I’ve never really thought of what voltage actually was for a wire carrying a current so surface charge makes total sense, forcing positive or negative charge to the surface produces the potential difference from the centre in the same way two oppositely charged plates have voltage, this for me is an excellent takeaway.
What a shocking answer ... And weird but I honestly haven't seen anything about the previous videos but I guessed correctly when you described the idea right at the beginning of the video
Still don't get it at all.
Tried to formulate a question that relates to my knowledge, but I failed. The field that  seemingly is the true actor gives me so much headache in realizing that energy in circuitry is more complex than ever. Glad that my profession is software.
When teaching a subject, there’s always a question of how deep into the details you need to go. This video and the previous one, along with related readings, make very clear that to describe electrical flow a lot of details are needed to be absolutely, thoroughly correct. How much time should be devoted to being perfect, rather than being good enough and getting on to more topics? You don’t want to give the students wrong notions that they will have to unlearn later, but also you don’t want to get bogged down forever in minutiae.  With this in mind, how wrong is it to say that electrons push each other through the wire? They are driven by the aggregate push of regions of excess charge, even if the full arrangement is more complex than one might think at first. From the perspective of an electron in the wire, there is a higher density of other negative charges behind it compared with in front of it (and the reverse for positive)—the surface charge gradient described in the video, slightly off axis but still generally fore and aft. The aggregate, net force on the electron propels it in the right direction. Their dance is not as simple as a conga line, it’s more like an elaborate ballet. But if focusing on attraction/repulsion leverages students’ prior experience with forces in mechanics, why not take advantage of that? Individual teachers may choose differently on exactly which details to include or skip, but in general the “push” picture is not wrong.
It is a very satisfactory explanation.  This is a question I always had when I was studying as an undergrad and the answers I got were close to “it is just magic”
The clue that this is a thought experiment is the two light seconds of super conducting wire..... LMAO
What is the difference between "the field" and basic EMF of the electrons?  I would be very interested to see how you troubleshoot real-world electrical problems based on your knowledge of theory.  In my experience, EEs are awful at hands-on troubleshooting even with a very good understanding of theory.
So Mr. Derek Muller: electrons (doesnt matter if point particles or minuscule particles) does NOT move in a wired circuit? And in a lightning discharge? I guess they move when the lightning rushes towards the ground (or towards the cloud). And previously the negative surface of the clouds would have created a positive accumulation path on the ground through an electric field! And solar wind plasma filaments of protons Move away from the sun.
If the cable reached from Earth to the Moon, and there was another switch at the Moon which was open, obviously closing the switch on Earth would not light the bulb.  So, if we could remotely operate the Moon switch from Earth, when we activated it then that signal would take about 1.3 seconds to reach the Moon and close the switch, and then it would take another 1.3 seconds for our bulb to come on. Is that right?  In short, the only reason bulb comes on instantly in the video is because the closed state of the circuit has already been established, right?
6:10 why there is deficiency of electrons after load?
We Knew that. Its common knowledge on my planet. This knowledge exists universally but for some reason most earth dwellers cannot access it in their brain.
Thanks for these videos, I watched the original, some response videos, and this video. I didn't understand everything everyone said (including in this video) but I understood some, and the videos have definitely changed my perspective of how electricity is transferred through circuits.
And for a releaf you can use reflection of light to light up an entire house like in the day time like through a rough glassd window when closed in the day time you get enough light to see things inside your house bright enough.   By copying the same scenario if you make such light bulbs like window glasses with lower wattage you can light up an entire house with some small  7Ah battery(powered by solar) without much need of energy.(That's natural light )
Think of a way which will emit light with a touch or hit of an electron in an element. better with only touch not hit . for a hit you need voltage . but for a touch you need not any kind of voltage  .
For this you need only electrons.  You don't need any current . That's voltage . So far for an electric bulb to light up we needed a voltage.  but now if you make this element zero resistance or nearly zero resistance which doesn't waste energy it will light up without the need of voltage .  It will light up with only touching of anode (or cathode) where we get electrons from the battery .
if you can make a material which is ionized with plus ions or minus ions , which might emit light when only plus or minus ions passed through,  this heating up of light bulb also looks as a resister heating up would be stoped .
May you please do a video on EMF and radiation readings, where it comes from and why it might be found in or tech inside our homes and local environments. Is it harmful to us. In what ranges and how much is in our homes and environments. Is this a comparable problem to your lead video?
Not very fast scopes, but regular scopes which are fast by nature haha.
This seems to be just induction effects, and if shielded, wouldn't occur.  So this is not the general solution to how current works. The bulb still lights up due to electron movement then.
I always thought that it was the polarity of the sub-atomic magnetic fields were being influenced by the inductance of the battery. And the resistance of a conductor was determined by the balanced forces on the electrons in the atom. Perhaps not.
Can we measure temperature of the light?
Glad that i knew all of this since high school because of good teachers.
Can Tesla coil be best example for this?
How does wind work?  Movement due to temperature differential but how does temperature create the movement and not just in place vibration ?
This is similar to holding a fluorescent light tube underneath high-tension lines and having it light up in your hands.  Fields (and Maxwell's Equations) count!
Wow 😱😱
Difficult to understand.
Our world is extraordinarily complex. Thank you for making the initial proposition and the explanation. I applaud you for responding to all of those who disagreed. Your response has added greater clarity: it's all in the fields.
So if the electrons don't carry the charge and only discharge kinetic energy to the load [if I've got that correct], and it's the fields around the wires that carry energy to the load, then what is the form of energy if not electrons, and why do batteries deplete? What depletes in the battery if energised electrons are not being used/depleted?
This is the same reason when you walk under large powerlines, you break that electromagnetic field and you get little shocks.
As phone guy in can appreciate this. So many troubles caused by things not connected.
DIPOLE antenna. Inductive force, all objects are influenced...not all are influenced equally. Some resonate more. Energy is always dispersing or converging but always expelling.
Now do this with a bnc cable and show the results. This is an experiment where you are set to test one thing (electron drift velocity through a wire)  and due to influences from secondary effects, you fail to reach the correct answer, and try to justify it (the justification is correct but the initial answer you gave is not). Not convinced.
1>In 13:20 time mark u said bulb goes on whether circuit is complete or not. So why wait for switch to close?
Ok, so does it mean, that this first miliseconds bulb response would be the the same even for a second bulb, which could even not be connected to the circuit by wires?
Brilliant, useful, entertaining, with an open-mind aproach...Thank you!
Derick is like the most controversial science professor in the entire history of science
If you have two circuit close one to each other and you close one of them, electricity field will spread to the other ? Isn't that a problem in circuit board ?
Amazing video, youre very intelligent and humble :)
The thing is people are wrong in saying the electricity is moving faster than the speed of light.   I think I really like the Shepard analogy best.    Let’s get this experiment.   100 people  standing  in a circuit and you have 1 person be the battery.    Their will be 2 versions.  First the battery will tap the person in front of them and that person will tap and it will go on till the last person taps the battery.   And you time this.       Second.   The battery says go and taps at the same time.  And taps go around.  The moment you here “go”. You can say and tap go.     Obviously the second taps will be much faster. Although nobody is actually moving faster.  Than the first group. It’s just the “communication” <- vague use of the word-   Is different than what people are thinking.   What people are thinking that like the Shepard walked 1 mile in 30 min  so he’s walking 2 mph.    But with electricity it’s more like 30 things walked 1 mile in 30 min.   And people are saying you walked 1 mile a min. Like you had to walk each one that mile.   There so much more.   Let’s say you have a bottle half filled with water  you hold the bottle side ways.  Now rock the bottle to get the water just going up and down on each side.   Let’s say you’re looking at the right side of the bottle.  How is that water communicating with the left side to say I’m going to go up now, now I’m going down.    We know all the water is connected in the bottles
As a physicist I find this video more confusing than clarifying.  There was a confusion between what is an antenna and a light bulb. It would be better to just admit the mistake than go through such a confusing (and unnecessary) argumentation.  -The small and fast signal you see in the oscilloscope (19:00) is governed by Electromagnetic waves. -The large and slow signal is governed by circuit physics (Ohm's law).
One of the difficulties in working towards a higher level of understanding of what is happening in a circuit is the limitations of our models. We know the simple model of the atoms as a spherical positive nucleus and small round electrons is inadequate, yet it is used because it illustrates some aspects nicely. We know a quantum mechanical view of the atom would be more accurate, but it makes the visualization quite difficult. Kirchhoff’s rules work quite well to analyze most circuits, and they do not attempt to model what is actually happening with electrons and E fields. A model can never explain everything about the real system. It seems to me the underlying issue is how accurate we want to make our model.
Cant run wires parallel like that.  Feedback u could b inducing magnet field to parallel wire. In low voltage code u gota b 12iches from ac wires to avoid hum . spread wires apart few ft n measure
Please in spanish !!! thanks
Maxwell-(BGK)Vlasov System in action :D
It looks like you screwed up in the last video, but in this one you are trying to get out. Of course the radio waves will reach the light bulb in time 1m/c, but is this news for someone?
This is why I love YouTube. Thank you all who have contributed and responded. I am an engineer who up until now thought electrons moved the “current”…even though I spent two years studying Maxwell’s equations. I feel dumb but relived ❤️
you forgot the resistance of matter
It almost feels like the original video was deliberately vague to trigger a bit of extra drama
Great clarification and well done - it's good to see more and more people recognising that electricity cannot be viewed as electrons travelling through a wire. However, the causality argument still holds I'm afraid... EM fields propagate with the speed of light.  You say that the light would go on disregarding whether the circuit is complete or not. In this case, the light should be always on, disregarding the status of the switch. In the end of the day, the only thing the switch does is it breaks the circuit. What the modellers did was introducing another wire to a functional circuit, which - understandably - acted as an antenna for EM fields already present in that region of space. I agree with the modelling, but it is not the scenario anticipated in the original experiment (one wire, one switch 1 m from the light bulb, and another switch with unknown configuration at the far end of the 0.5 light seconds long wire).
Derrick, does the US have the electrical capacity to have an EV in every garage?
I think the author dont understand the topic deeply and mix the different physical phenomena. 33 nanoseconds light needs to travel 10 meters. 3ns for 1 meter.  Actually it is what we see on oscilloscope. If I correctly understand all x range of oscilloscope 133 ns.  So It is not 3 ns at all. 1 km  length wire showed the real electricity to switch on the light started after 1000 ns or 1 microsecond only (not 3 ns). This small current which showed oscilloscope after 3 ns is electric field current. But it is too weak and you can see it anyway  if you use any antenna to amplify the signal.  Actually your wire on light bulb is antenna to amplify the field current (like radio and changed traveled current in wire to produce EM field) but it is not strong electric current to switch on the lamp. They have completely different nature but the same source. So I think it is incorrect answer 1m/c definitely. Correct answer possible: close to (half length/speed of light).
i think u should make more of vague and "lot can go wrong" experiment videos, the amount of questioning and engagement people put in that would lead to learning more than just watching a informative video
S01E03…..
so Benjamin Franklin was a liar with his kite experiment?
Wow, five days and it already has almost six million views! I wish I had twelve million subs.
After digesting this for a bit, I've settled on the idea that the electrons are a thin interface between the fields and the energy source/sink. The chemically-forced movement of electrons against the E field in the battery moves energy into the fields, and the tendency of electrons to vibrate nuclei in the resistive load provides a means for them to transmit the energy from the fields into heat. In both cases, though, the electrons themselves carry almost none of the energy at any time. They are dragged around by the fields and whatever the source or sink of energy is, like a piece of paper in between a heavy pushing object and another being pushed by it.  One illuminating thought experiment along these lines is to consider the value of the poynting vector inside the conductor. It's near zero because the electric fields are small compared to outside, but what power flow there is actually points *into* the wire, not along it. Energy from the fields is entering the wire to be converted into heat due to the wire's resistance, but the power flow along the wire is all outside. Really the only power flow that's actually inside the wire is the (non-thermal) kinetic energy of the electrons, which is minuscule, both because the drift velocity is quite low, and because electrons weigh almost nothing. That minuscule amount of energy is the transfer medium all the power goes through when interfacing with some other physical system, but carries basically no energy itself.
What is your next falicy, underwater radio communications?  Electromagnetic fields do not travel through water. whereas electricity will travel via conductors under water.
This is nothing more than measuring CROSS-TALK between two parallel conductors, that happens for a few nanoseconds.  So what?  This has been known for decades.  And NO, this cross-talk will *NOT* power the LOAD you described in the original video.
really cool sims
This has been the one of most fascinating and fun cross tube series.   Also, found a couple new channels! Cheers Boyz!
Wrong.
I think you get props for building that massive thing in your last video. Even if it wasn't Published-work-ready... As an amateur electrician I learned alot. & will keep learning.
Even more confused now 🤣
I wonder how does it all work in microprocessors then. How all those electric fields don't mess up adjacent fields... Man,  it was so much easier when electrons carried the energy :D. Thank you for enlightening us.
And 99% of people in the comments learn what induction is.
Thanks for admitting you were mostly wrong
Bad from the start. A resistor  don't act like a bulb. A led bulb even worse comparison as is a "light emitting diode"   Then after he mix concepts to confuse  more the audience. If you desire a comparison compare apples with apples.  By other hand Signal Transmission or Communication is one thing,  Power Wires or Power Lines to feed a load is another thing. DC has a particular behavior, AC has  completely different behavior.  One last thing a filament bulb has low impedance. Led diodes can emit light with just  1V or less. Some of  them like "smd" leds found in led bulbs, lights on with the touch of your hands (200mv).  The experiment is useless. Don't  cheat to get your point, babble tasium.
Fascinating!  I’m going to watch this video a few more times to see if I can understand the concepts well enough to explain it to someone else.  Then I’ll know if I’ve got it or not.
Is this why dowsing works?
What would change if the circuit was circular? The wires stretched out in a loop, say around the earth in a "straight" line with the source at one point 180 degrees away from the bulb? You would have to ignore the effect of the earths magnetic field. The mass of the earth could be ignored as well if the experiment were done in space. I suppose that the suns solar wind effects would have to be ignored as well. I'd like to see the resulting simulations on a circular circuit.
Love love love these videos
Good video, I now want to go and watch the older one anyone know what it was called.
13:38 it's what many actually thought, the effect on the bulb is identical to the effect on a wire that's not connected at all to the circuit.
@Veritasium What if we have a Blackhole between switch and bulb? Or this experiment performs inside a blackhole? would the answer still be the same?
WILL TESLA's Wharrenclif broadcast tower WORK ?
One thing I notice in yours and everyone else's test circuits is proximity of one "side" of wire to another. What if the circuit was a large circle, all points equidistant from eachother, but farther away?
Okay, practical: Incandesce bulb that my eyes can see. I know that 3.3ns there is some energy.  For the light to be on, visually, is the answer 1 second and 2 seconds?   Also, visually, if the switch is then turned off (open), does the bulb, visually, go off immediately?
Fields don't come from nothing, and they cost energy, so where do they come from, if not electron flow? Also, electrons can't flow through a battery because the positive side is atoms stripped of electrons so any free electrons will be captured by a stripped atom until it is electrically neutral again. That is how a battery 'runs down'. The negative side has a limited supply of excess electrons which push the electrons in the wire around to the positive side. This continues until the positive side is neutral, or the negative side runs out of free electrons.  The various paths taken are controlled by the physical restrictions imposed by each path, not guided by a field because the field is the result of electron flow, not the cause of it, like cars in a traffic jam at a junction, some turns flow faster than others because there is less restriction.  The maxwell simulation is false because the strength of the fields is far, far less than those depicted. A 12v battery will not spark 1 metre with significant force. You can simulate anything, it doesn't mean its true.  PCBs have metal strips that are less than 1mm apart carrying varying current at high frequencies without 'cross-talk'. And similar strips must be the same length in micro-metres or the signals will not arrive at the same time, showing the speed is not connect to light speed, but the material and length.  And no, so far there is no evidence of any field, no iron filings aligning into a direction or shape, compass needle, or magnet moving. No real evidence of any field whatsoever. The oscilloscope itself was not connected to any field because it doesn't measure fields.  And, you didn't do the same experiment with the wires isolated from each other, so we can't confirm what path the electricity is taking, either in the wire or outside.  Are there electromagnetic fields? Yes. Do they cause electricity to flow? No. They translate energy from motion to field and back again, which is why transformers pass alternating current between isolated circuits, but not direct current.  So the experiment does not prove the simulations, and, the conclusion cannot be that fields exist and cause electricity. You need another experiment to prove fields exist outside the wire and they appear ahead of the current flow, before your hypothesis has any merit.
What consequence does this have on Alternating Current? Should we then rethink how we wire our homes for better efficiency? Or better yet, how we transmit power over long distance?
So, is gravity being carried by a field known as time? Hehe.
👏🏻 Love the vids and love the attitude.
The combination of these two videos need to be a part of graduate E&M curriculum.  So much more clear to see it broken down with imagery than Jackson.
I want to see an update video on the Avogadro project. Does this channel have one that I've missed?
14:00 so if you have a really big circuit and its cut somewhere, the light will still turn on?
do electrons return back to the source with the same velocity? or is this just an engineering rounding incident because in physics the small and larges changes in a system matter.
As usual 👍 👌
Humans create thier own complex problems and then fight over the correct answer                                               -Me 😂😂😂😂 Its proved
just awsome, all of the videos  to this!
So how chargers work? Are we all exposed to magnetic field of cables? Or am I just dumb?
Whenever we are able to think against the traditional concept the real beauty of physics unfolds .
5.7 million people learning... It's amazing to see that I'm one of them...
Que alguien traduzca este video a español por favor
The original suggestion was, 1m distance and 1 lightsecond length. Consider that Maxwell's equations have no intrinsic length scale (the photon is massless). So this is equivalent to a scaled down version: 10 meters length, and the scaled-down distance should then be 33 nm (nanometers!). It is pretty intuitive that in such a geometry, the two wires act as two antennas, basically, and radiation perpendicular to the wires cannot be ignored.
Ok so now a diameter of 1-light second 🧐?????????????????
is the capacitors cheating? it disrupt the electric field pattern compares to  wires without the capacitors, which results in the energy vector direction different from forcing the electric field to follow the physical direction if the wire... it's like making the field strength in the beginning stage lots larger compares to the scenario without them. They are like stealing time to reach the steady current.   Also the inductance are missing at the center bulb/batt/switch loop, in which the speed of the initial current reaching the bulb lots higher... If you steal those time, like what you said in the end (the capacitors just like short normal wire) at the beginning of the the stage and your time starts, it time for the bulb to be lighted up both in terms of field and sec school conduction are not the same.
Video discussion over this topic has enlightened me
𔑈𝗧𝗛𝗔𝗡𝗞𝗦𔑇
𝗚𝗢𝗢𝗗
🅶🅾🅾🅳
It's cool to see these back and forth, sorta friendly science feud explanation videos. Like the wind sail one too. Makes these complex ideas more obtainable for the rest of us, even if this is over my head. Youtube actually helping to further scientific discussions with the public.
I said something like this in class once! when I was trying to debating with my teacher about what happens in a circuit that's longer than 1mc , I used a distance of 8x10^10 meters and asked  how the circuit would know if it there was a break the width of a point somewhere along the circuit, and what would happen to the current if 1 second after the switch is closed two points , 1 before and somewhere else in the circuit were made simultaneously, I guess I'm not going mad yet :)
I really love you videos but can you please have with a lower size at 360p to 480p. I am from Nigeria and data is not cheap. Thanks alot
What does this mean for people living near high power lines?
Increíbles vídeos y representaciones!! Me encantaría poder debatir con mis alumnos viendo ambos, necesitaría este vídeo en español. GRACIAS!!
Derrick, I would feel weird accepting an apology for your faux pas.  You successfully made it a great Veritasium video.  Apologize only if you continually fumble like this. I say. I loved the responses and the thought experiment, thank you sir.
Feeling old? *VERITASIUM'S HAIR IS GRAYING*
In a way this kind of shows that when we learn science, and we start by learning the "high level models" it makes things *harder* to understand in the long term. It really IS better to learn the lowest level stuff first, so you have something to build on, and you understand what is really going on, BEFORE you learn a lumped element as a shortcut. I don't know what it would take to change education to work that way instead. I feel the same way about math. It isn't until you get into Calculus classes that you learn what's behind all the simple equations to calculate volume and area. Yes they are handy shortcuts but they can lead a "smart" person, a person that knows them, to still make false conclusions! Because it's not really what is going on!  I really think education needs to find a way to reverse how we teach things, start at the lowest level and build UP instead of how we teach right now. It would help students to know WHY something works a certain way. It's my opinion we need an education revolution to switch the order of how we learn.  All of these electricity misconceptions are solved by Maxwells equations and if you have knowledge of RF electronics you will understand how it works and why. Something you aren't going to learn until you get into your later years.  Mind you I am not saying get rid of lumped elements, what I mean is a student should not learn the lumped elements at all until first learning the foundations under them. Right now we learn the other way around.   I have spent a large amount of my life simply trying to decode the lower level stuff that was never taught until you get into higher and higher classes. Personally I think this is a disservice to science and learning, that we don't share the full picture RIGHT AWAY with students. *Start at the bottom and work your way up* . Because we don't do that, this is how the misconceptions start, and in fact it makes subjects *harder* for students because it hides something from them, causing confusion.
How much does the distance between the parallel wires affect the voltage across the resistor? If the wire with the resistor was 1km away from the wire with the battery, would we still see enough voltage across the resistor to see visible light?
Wait, I have a high school diploma from a red state and I got what you were saying in the first video.   I'm glad you did this one as a follow up.
I feel so smart and so dumb at the same time after watching this.
I'm a beginner with all of this information but I thought you had described this.pretty clearly (though I came back to substantiate my ability to describe what I learned from video #1
Field is the area around the magnet or any charged particle. That a force is present in that area.... In what form does it carry the energy.. Pls answer sir
i hope any one answer this question ..What happens to the movement of the electrons if the field direction changes vive versa instantly .. How could be the flow of electrons to the bulb with in the circuit...
I really liked this video, and the last one, I had no idea about electric fields before I watched it. It got me thinking, earth has a magnetic field right? Does it also have an electric field? I don’t really know much about it except thunder and lightening and how lightening seeks out the ground. Do you know anything about this and how is it related to the magnetic field? If you do I think you should make a video on it as I think it might be fascinating. If there was a similar thing going on in the clouds and on the surface of the earth, I’m sure you could do a great job in explaining it as you really explained the principle of the electric field in a circuit very well in this video!
@Veritasium Hi. recently heard of the genius Charles P. Steinmetz at G.E. who perfected e.g. the generator of Tesla, working at G.E.. He speaks of "dielectric" extensively.  Can you do a teaching about his theory? i saw this yt video "TRUE GENIUS C.P. Steinmetz on ELECTRICITY vs. DIELECTRIC & MAGNETIC"
The vibe is electric in this subject matter and the discussions are polarising.
Hope you are enjoying your science journey. Watched your electroboom conversation. I believe you are continuing to push the identity of YouTube videos. Exciting! Great to be apart of the Information age!
These two videos were a great sorce of insperation to me, as a bachelor degree student in physics. While climbing up the road of higher education, there are once in a while moments of great realizations after which you know you are a better scientist.When I first saw the problem, I honestly didn't pay too much atyention to the circuit represented and thought the balb was on the far left side, and hence it should take 0.5s to turn on. But the reason for my (correct) answer was completely wrong. Yes, I already knew that the current is due to the field and not the electrons pushing each other. And yes, I knew the field is being propergated almost at the speed of light. The thing I did not account for is the fact that the field can cause a current like that. It made me reevaluate my understanding of energy of a charged particle. I already knew the energy is being stored in tge field, it really was a missing piece...  A question and a note. The question is, when you said that you believe that the influence of the change in the magnetic field is negligable, do you mean that the inductance is neglegible? So the effect is mainly caused by the Electric field surrounding the charges and not the field created by Faraday Lenz law? And the note, I believe it is worth mentioning that this effect is not negligible due to the distance between the wires. You could replicate the experiment but scale it up, say one hundred times the distance between the wirse and the legth of each of them. Then, the field magnitude would fall down enough for it to be neglegable. The great thing about wirse is that they act as a medium which preserve the field magnitude and therefore allows energy to reach longer distances  Thank you for the video!
My 6 years of electrical engineering is a lie 🙂
It's interesting to note that although the bulb would turn on in almost 1/c sec, the farthest point of wire in this setup (c/2 light seconds away) would develop local electric field only after 0.5 seconds [since information can't travel faster than speed of light].   Hence, the bulb would have turned on even before electrons in most part of the wire have even started drifting.
Great idea to talk about the fact that electrical energy is not flowing in wires. And I like the the lively discussion, which it caused. Many thanks to all contributors. It motivated me to suggest an engineering method on my channel to tackle this kind of problems. Check out episode: EX02 Run away screaming - not with this Method.
You have a good brand manager. jk
And like that we can explain why when you look at electron you see particle, badicaly colapse and when you not look react as onde. Basically we have a sistem electron magnetic field :).
12:29 It is misleading to visualize the B-field magnitude here, because it has nothing to do with the generation of current in the top wire. If you visualized dB/dt instead of B, it would present a much sharper wave, and it would be much more apparent that the changing magnetic field induces current in the top wire. Also, it's difficult to tell how big dB/dt is from the simulation because of low sensitivity (B-field magnitude per color intensity) at the front of the wave.  You're quite explicit in saying it's the electric field that causes current to flow in the load, but with electromagnetic waves, it's not just one or the other. In the near EM field in particular, you have electromagnetic and electrostatic induction. I'm no expert, but per my intuition at least, B-fields dominate energy transfer in an application like transformers, and E-fields dominate in a tesla coil. It's not clear cut. In the far EM field where the emitting particles are so far from the receiver that there are no feedback effects, the E and B field strengths are proportional, so I guess the dominant contributor depends on the shape and direction of the antenna (?)
Man @Veritasium may not have been specific or was misleading but at least he keeps it chill.  @ElectroBOOM ego sure gets in the way of whatever clarification he is able to bring. Maybe step away from high fields of electricity for a while
Yet again Nikola Tesla is correct.
Dude, we all knew you were right all along. We just thought it would be fun if we collectively appeared to disagree in order to provoke you into making another video. The jokes on us though, because as always, you had fun doing it.
YES! More teachers!!!
The whole point was that engineers are stuborn enough to don't get what a THOUGHT experiment is, and also the "between the lines" thing (that the original video was to reinforce, to remember, that is the E field that "carries" energy ["charges", quanta  -discrete packets of energy) and NOT electrons "moving" at "light speed" in wires)... and that "taking" electrons word as "synonm" of charge is fine for practical purposes (it doesn't matter the wording but results) but not for conceptual settlement, physics' talking AND TEACHING. Engineers should have the humbleness to let to physics the task of defining what stuff "is" - their skill is mixing and matching, not "defining" :) (this does not mean that someone DO can be a physicist AND an engineer at same time but they're separate roles as much as one can be a lawyer and a legislator / polictician as well)
I confused about the previous video so much, thank you for making this video. I think what made me confuse is that the role of switch in the previous video wasn't focused. In the last video, the switch was just mentioned as a tool to change the state and "make the circuit connect", and in this video, the switch is the CENTER of changing electric field that made light on.  As i saw in this video, the time actually despends on the distance between Switch and Bulb, not between 2 wires. The Distance between wires just affects the magnitude of inducted (by electric field) current through the bulb. So, i think the way you ask about time ~ distance between 2 wires is like making people miss direction.
THE DAY I UNDERSTAND THIS VIDEO,  I will be ready to get married
Can someone explain how/why when you turn on a warehouse lighting system, the lights turn on in order?
shocked
This is the kind of "drama" I want on YouTube
So, what's the correct answer? 1s or 1/(3*10^8) s?
Oh so wires are just like pipes but inside out and we live in an electromagnetic ocean. Ohhhh magnetic mermaids! Mag-maids no, I ruined it.
This is much better to understand in “transmitting antenna” and “receiving antenna” than a circuit terminology.
So Nikola Tesla was right!
This discussion remembers the work of Puthoff, an eletric enginner of the 70's with some heretic ideias about energy and vaccum (where he talks about the eletromagnetic Fields)
13:28 so why close the switch at all?  We need to close it
I am of Boca please translate this video :(
Hey! one question: Can our neurons feel the effects produces by electric currents generating magnetic fields?
But if the wires are far away it won't turn on. Very misleading.
Dont worry.. i undwrstand the previous video, its not obvious
Can I read you something---- A  book named MATTER AND INTERACTIONS'S page number-740 tells that if you move bulb to close the battery it will not glow more brightly. So how can you say that if bulb will get closer to the battery it will take less time to glow.     PLEASE REPLY ME
You know what he just messed all up....
Can anyone please explain the difference between electric field vs magnetic field vs electromagnetic field vs electromagnetic radiation
Everybody is wrong.  The circuit collapses the wave function of the electr.. wait... The observer collapses the wave function of the circuit, which collapses the wave function of all the electron- electron particle interactions such that the bulb lights up.  But wait who or what is collapsing the observer?  Wait I'm neither wrong nor right, nothing is everything, infinity is zero, oh god the warp has taken meeeeee!
Yes I am, and forget about the unit of measure nuance
BS,  it's GOD,  ...........I'm competely joking!
I belive magnetic field is the answer to power/energy not the battery its self I am also very curious on the use of sound waves used for levitation my dream is to make a magnetic weapon (give the people what they want:)) also maybe integrating soud wave levitation into it or making its own weapon  also for the use of self sustained energy and for the use of destroying diseased cells ( cancer, covid,aids,all of them) sound waves can blast cells away in destroy the cell due to its own sound wave frequencies shot back at it for death by vibration I also belive you may be able to magneticly do the same thing but I'm just thinking on that I only made it to 8th grade I was in prison for 7 years im 28 years old I wish I would of stayed in school never take it for granted knowledge is everything while I was locked up my mind was all I had I would think of these really deep ideas thinking is the truest form of art to me I wish I would if made something of myself because I have these crazy ideas I'm out now in wish I could get into college
I hope he gets it eventually
I'd always taken it for granted that it was the field around the circuit driving the electrons because I learned about induction currents and how they work but it never registered that the field would work like this even though I literally did know. I was a pretty bad alcoholic when I watched the first video but I'm sober now so it clicked lol.   I shoulda had a V-8.🤦   BTW I love the way you ended the video. Very classy my man. Much respect.
Seeing the original video, then all of the debating responses, and then this follow-up video makes me so happy, because THIS is science.   Science isn't someone doing an experiment and delivering their results. Science is the discussion between different people and different minds, especially with differing levels of exposure in a particular topic (let alone a whole field), that pushes and pulls the information we know AND the way we communicate it to each other into clearer focus. And seeing this process that is so often hidden deep in the world of academic journals and peer reviews (which are the bread and butter of scientific discovery--don't get me wrong) brought into a much more public and easily viewed frame gives me so much hope and confidence in how our current model of video-based science education and discussion on platforms like YouTube will affect human knowledge into the future. I love this video, and I feel like I understand electricity that much better having seen it. But even more, I can't wait to see the continued debate it generates about its contents as this discussion goes on.  I'm only 20, so it feels kinda stupid to say this, but this really makes me feel all giddy like a kid about science class with my really great teachers all over again.
Quick college engineering physics 2 class refresh, but entertaining! Never thought you could flip the learning process this way, great video.
So could I set up a circuit of wire with a battery, set up a 2nd line of wire right alongside my circuit, connect a bulb to the 2nd wire, and have it emit light?   If so, would the 2nd wire need to be in a circuit, or would a simple line be sufficient? I imagine a line would be sufficient... for the 1st wire as well?
This to be honest is the point of science folks. Hope this happens often in the community.
Electrons do not flow from positive to negative and flow completely in the opposite direction from negative to positive. I know. You didn't know that did you. Another thing, that you don't know, is that the now excepted speed light could be have been fabricated. How ? Well, here's how. If you take the known distance that the Earth is from the Sun in its orbit rounded, 93,000,000 miles and multiply this rounded radius less the diameter of the sun times two it equals 186,000,000 miles. If you divide the sum of 186,000,000 by the speed at which time is produced by the Earths rotation also rounded and equaling 1000 mph or approx. 1/4 MPS the sum of that equation becomes 186,000 miles. Then, what our genius scientist did, in our distant past, was to logically say per second. No doubt Tesla created this speed of light so that a standard would then exist hidden in electronic circuitry mathematics undetected. Not evil but a way to produce a standard through out the creation of electronic devices. Here's the EQ that proves this.   rEo = 93,000,000 miles x 2 = oD = 186,000,000 miles [ divided ] ST(speed if time) = 1000 mph = 186,000  MPS, (the second chosen over 100drth of a second).   This is evidence that light may have no velocity even on Earth, as Einstein stated, "There is no speed of light in space", and, perhaps on Earth too. You see all your devices use this hidden mathematics built into the devices circuitry therefore sensing this created velocity of light is all it us capable of sensing. There is no speed of light in space and communications even to millions of light years is instant and NASA does it every day. Prove I'am wrong there is the math !
All these years we really did underestimate the surface charges!!
The moral of the story ; nobody understands electricity.
so have you, or anyone else repeated the experiment by moving the battery and load as far apart as possible? i.e. in the original thought experiment, they would be 1 light sec apart and in your setup they are simply at the far ends of the conductors i.e. no change in the length of the conductor from the battery to the load just the distance from battery to load changes. You said it should take longer (which makes sense) but it would be nice to show it.
15:15 THANK YOU!
okay, so, this is how i understood this and do correct me if i am wrong please.   you connect a battery to a circuit and the expectation is that electrons move from the battery into the wire and transmit energy, as heat builds up in the transistor, hey-presto, light.  but this is not true, because (as i have understood), no energy was being carried by the electrons, rather, the electrons are recieving their mild acceleration from ambient electric fields around the wire.   these ambient electric fields are what is 'moving' so to speak, the result of their movement is what creates the electron drifts, the electron drift causes electrons (depending on the voltage) to 'bump' against protons causing the lattice structure to vibrate, this generates the heat and causes the light.  because electrons are not the cause of current, and the cause of current are moving electric fields, when you connect a circuit (with a battery), the electric fields emit at c, as they reach other wires or other conducting apparatus, it incurs the same effect (electron drift) causing heat or light (if a lightbulb is connect).   now please correct me if that is wrong, but if it isn't wrong that sure is fascinating, because if there was a way to channel the electric fields without relying on metal - then we would not necessarily need traditional wires. which is demonstratable because we can charge our phones without having to plug them in. this begs the question (again given that my thought track is right), considering the incredible amount of ambient radiowaves, microwaves, infraredwaves, visiblewaves etc coming from near enough all directions, is there not a more convenient way to convert these electric (and magnetic) fields into current? just speculating.
When are you going to start talking about the roll of Dirac hole theory?
17:40 I preffer Z=√(XL/XC ) But I will allow it👌
This whole discussion is so stupid. Nothing is the way we think. Coffee is not black and not wet and not hot and not bitter either. And if I take the cup to take a sip no part of my body is actually touching the cup. Actually no part of my body is touching any other part of my body. When I walk a straight line I am actually walking a curve on earths surface and squiggly lines through bend space time. Systems become redundant once their predictions don't hold true anymore. Apart from this there is no objective truth.
That’s why me and my friends decided to be dumb so we don’t get into this mess, we follow single mantra” stay stupid stay simple”
If the electrical field is what gives energy to the light bulb then why does the switch need to be pressed before the bulb lights up? (ie why does it not charge up like an electric tooth brush?) :)
what you said at 13:20 makes your entire first video look like a trick question, certainly more misleading than edifying
But so ... point 2 ... Do mobile electrons flow or not ? Just localy  drifted toward a direction ? Or globaly flwoing ? Or neither ? I just  watched electroboom number 2 video, and then rewatched this, this is  confusing !
How about tesla coil?
Well I can say one thing...this makes more sense than politics today LOL 😆
So, if you make this experiment again, but putting the lightbulb inside a faraday cage, we wouldn't see that small voltage/current right after flipping the switch? only after the wave goes all the way through the wire, we would see voltage in the lightbulb, which wuld take 1 second?
Love these feuds! So much learning!
So, all of this charade was not physics busting, but clickbait busting.
Thank you for taking your time and making awesome videos for us. I appreciated the video and it opened my mind of how electricity really works.😀
you talk so confident, that makes me sick, if you knew the real answer, you would get the nobel prize...so try using expressions like it seems to be, probably whatever
I can imagine how this could be problematic in small sensitive circuits
Also, I would like to say that the best way of learning how (classical) electromagnetism is to read a proper textbook such as griffths' introduction to electrodynamics.
The thing is though while the EM wave traveling to the light bulb does induce a current through it, the current is negligable when compared to the current that will gone through it when the circuit reaches steady state.
so let me check if I understood this correctly.. if another bulb-wire setup (not connected to the circuit) is also laid out 1m far from the switch, then the bulb will also be "on" when the switch is closed even if its not connected to it? It figured that the bulb will turn off after the particles "normalizes" again since there is no active element that will keep the the said particles flowing. In my mind, there will be a 4V really short "pulse" (same with 19:02,  assuming same load) that will be seen in the bulb not connected to the circuit.
Theory of electricity is no end…
can someone explain to me why in this experiment the light bulb is on but when we do the experiment in school if the interupter is open the light is off?
The whole universe is fields. Matter is just a distraction.
Ok, so the circuit doesn’t have to be closed for the current to reach the light bulb.   Seems like that should’ve been demonstrated also. Missed opportunity.
You're the man 👍🌹
Derrick, you are wrong. In a steady state DC the charges are evenly distributed throughout the wire, not on the surface. At 10:21 you made the big mistake. The field propagates from the positive side *along the wire* to the light bulb before the other side of the circuit is influenced. imagine if for example, the other end of the wire was cut, why would positive charges be building up on the light bulb at this point?  What you see is called capacitance and technically also a transformer, these are parasitic effects thought, it's not significant for power. I think everyone pointed out your video is wrong because it's very misleading and suggests that a significant amount of non-parasitic current is being transferred through the wires, when actually you just have a transformer.
I wan't to see this experemrnt done iwith a very large circle instead of an elongated rectangle.
Derek Mollar,  you are extremely irresponsible person!  You, Sir, destroyed the peace in my family's life!  Because I showed your video about not-floating eelectrons to my 14 years son. He told it to his teacher. The teacher said I was drunk when I was talking. And now we hav an Attrition War- every day my son comes back to the subject with a new question-   I dont know if You are right but I took your side - so,till I dont find passing answer I cant calm down. But the next day my son comes... with additional platoon of 3 nerds from school and fresh Artillery shells from his teacher and they attack at all fronts.... Finaly the UN blue helmet had to involve radically and said, we all go to beds otherwise she will call her mum to "visit" us for few days /my punishment/   , and for the enemy forces, UN  threatened to catch a moment when girls are around , than  spit on her thumb and wipe off wet my sons cheek:   "oh, baby, you have  something here...wait, mama will wipe it right out...." OMG... And We know, she is crazy enough to do it! So, I KNOW elecrons dont run like idiots between copper wires  but how to deliver final blow to those ....argh...   PS excuse my military compares but we live near a War here so... it is all over. even in our talk ! For instance , few days ago,  The cashier woman in store was explaining to a colleague did our country send to UKR the javlins or other EU member.... and also  what exactly is Cesar Artillery  :- O
Point sources of gravitational force, electric field, light, sound or radiation obey the inverse square law.
Hey Derek,  batteries need electrons for the chemical reaction. The electric fields have nothing to do with the chemical reactions in the batteries.
This is just fantastic. If you want to know more about the field theory of circuits, The Fields of Electronics is a good book that explains circuit theory using electromagnetic fields.
7 min mark: that's why a battery will be fully discharged at some point in time even though one ever closed the circuit (?)
Matching the load and the characteristics Impedance is a critical assumption. This assumption has many implications and is highly unlikely with the connected light bulb. I would suggest you look closer at this aspect.
I do like Rick Hartley and I had watched that video ten times before but he actually was lecturing with regards high frequency circuits not a dc model circuit you issued. Yes the energy gets to the load right after closing the switch because in this temporarily state, circuit behaves like a high frequency model but not only it is not enough to lighten up the lamp but also can not keep it lighten forever.
Great Work! Lots of fun. Thanks!
“Phones and toothbrushes” never mind radio & TV.
I can see the criticism.  Diagram show negative charge (electrons) leading to the bulb, and positive charge (absence of electrons) coming off the bulb— but isn’t a bulb itself just a wire, not a magic negative-to-positive converter?
thank you i learned a lot from you
Hey I appreciate that you went on ElectroBoom's channel, that was pretty cool. Thanks for being active in the community.
Now there is a problem - how much current does the light need to glow-up? The capacitors(2 parallel wire-of different voltage) are pretty small (1m distance) so how much current will the capacitor send to glow the bulb up.  Now to be honest this analogy is kinda right- it is accepted that current mostly flows through the surface of the wire at first, then it flows through the whole wire. (umm talking about at higher frequency you use a lot of thinner wires than a single thick wire)
In the end of the day, they are good friends.
So how does static electricity work? I guess that's a question about arcing in general? Or plasma?  At the risk of sounding incredibly stupid, I always envisioned this as two charges (a deficiency and surplus of electrons at either "pole") finding equilibrium. Am I wrong? Is this a field thing?
the neurons have electricity, the brain makes electricity
you know that the human brain works with electricity, one of the first electricity that was existing was the electricity that appears in the human brain
Oh. So this is what physics 2 was actually about
So the next step is to use the earths fields for power. Get an earth long cable through the earth leading to my computer's PSU.
YouTube lives for the engagement this kind of drama elicits.
I still think that at the start you should’ve up front said that you wanted to impose this as a thought experiment and the real question was “when does energy arrive at the bulb” and you failed to correctly posit it as such but instead it felt like backpedaling and kind of blaming the audience for not understanding. That being said, this video was a lot clearer, some things still missed (such as not mentioning that most of the Poynting Vector is indeed along the wires where your original video made it seem like most of it was going straight to the bulb) but this is what the scientific method and discussion is all about! I fundamentally agree with what you mean but disagree in how you presented it as it was very clear that it was misleading just by the number of responses, whether you intended it or not.
This video have much better explanation than the previous one. I am impressed by this explanation. It shows us facts and figures.
@ Derick how do you explain resistance and resistors using your model of surface charges creating a field?
I LOVE it! Picasso!
17:00 that's not really correct, not in DC currents anyway. No "current" flows across a capacitor in DC, only displacement current "dE/dt" "flows" across a capacitor, for this, the current source must be transient, (pulsed, AC, etc.).
My question is, if electricity travels through magnetic waves, then why can't I charge my device from a battery wirelessly? I mean light is also a magnetic wave and it doesn't require a medium to travel through. I know you talked about new tech using wireless charging, but why can't a Normal Battery do the same?
Quick question, not sure if it was already answered in the video: If energy travels through fields around the wires, then why would we need for the whole circuit to be connected? He said something about being less efficient, but doesn't that mean theoretically we a strong enough battery, you can make a bulb light up?  I apologise if my concepts are mixed up, but I would appreciate any answers!
All I have done are just FEA for structures, flow. First time seeing it done for electric field just blows my mind.
As a fellow educator (as well as an electrical and computer hardware/software engineer), I totally understood the purpose of this video.  Beyond other things, stir debate and contemplation.  Get people talking and excited about a subject!  Electromagnetic Theory is complicated.  As much as we (my colleagues) may seem to understand...we don't understand everything.  Great video!
Peer reviewed YouTube videos. Is this science in the 21st Century?
Amazing
Currently, there is no current in my part of the world...!!!
This was nice! 💖 Here's another test which would be interesting to see. Leave your line  open circuit  at both ends. I think, following your description what should happen is that the light will turn ON after W/c seconds (W=width of the transmission line)  then it will turn OFF after L/c seconds  (L= total length of the line, and the switch and LED are placed exactly in the middle. :-) Why? Because the field gets the LAD via the short distance and switches it ON then the field propagates down the line to the short circuit and then brings the information that no current can flow back to the LED!  BTW These effect have to be considered when you power trains with electricity because you have a moving load at 200kph or more down a transmission line, and it matters!
Of course we can communicate faster than the speed of light. The speed of light is zero. Just like waves in the ocean.  The speed of every wave is zero in the direction of propagation. No exceptions.  Why do you suppose galaxies are symmetrical across 100M light years?  Because gravity (which is a manifestation of the electric force) is instantaneous.  Otherwise, orbits do not work. Period.
this channel is fire best channel in the field of science
It’s just like everyone tend to think objects and gravity in Newtonian physics but Einstein’s general theory of relativity is a much more accurate depiction of what’s actually happening, I’m not saying it’s 100% correct, just more accurate to what we actually observe in the real world compared to than Newtonian physics….
In that sense, what is the true difference between the electric field, a magnetic field, an electromagnetic field, and which one actually do carry energy through during induction?
Brilliant (no pun intended with the sponsor). Basically, you are doing what the World Wide Web at CERN was originally created for: sharing knowledge. That's what I call sharing knowledge, well done. I wish it were in French too.
Isn't this just induction? Shield the wire against the induced charge. We've got plenty of communication occurring over copper the puts the lie to this.
Wiggler-undulator vs 'gyrator-eliminator'
The extra electrons in a relativistic free electron beam come from heating a metal filament. Would it be possible to create a solid state relativistic free electron beam?
What then kills you when you touch wire🤔🤔🤔
Still it is only a tiny percent of normal brightness of the light bulb was achieved in 1m/c time, we are talking milliwatts vs tens of watts of a normal light bulb, that's like 0.01 percent. For the light bulb to light up at normal level, you still have to wait one full second.
So…Everything, Everywhere, All At Once ™ …almost 😬  (I’ll see myself out.)
funny thing is you could've used a LED instead of a resistor, but went with the resistor after all...
The moral of the story is: Don’t use youtube as your primary source of information.  This man has a lot of money to “prove” his statements. Too bad he has lost his connection to science.  R.i.p this used to be a good channel
You're too modest.  Sure, the orig video could have been clarified further (every video can when dealing with a complex phenomenon!), but you were more correct than your critics gave you credit for, and you were more correct than they were in any case.   Now it would be appropriate for your detractors put out their own apologies, but I won't hold my breath.  I have a BE in EE and BSc, and am familiar with how misleading the lumped component model can be, and how energy and momentum flow in Maxwell's equations can be counterintuitive (Richard Feynman calls it "crazy" in the section on the Poynting vector in his Lectures on Physics - it's worth having a read).
that’s the beauty of science. the fact that everyone jumped on this
I fundamentally agree with you. Integrating the electromagnetic field model, and circuit theory has always interested me. People obsess about the wires, but it's really a field that transmits.
I do not understand at ALL. In order to show that causality is not broken, he shows an unconnected circuit, working anyway. How is it possible 🤔 it means that ANY bulb around the battery would suddenly turn on ????
Very, very, very good - excellent video!
People really need to stop doubting this guy 😂
I will draw us all back to how this started     Says Derek: "THE BIG MISCONCEPTION ABOUT ELECTRICITY....ELECTRICAL  ENERGY DOES NOT FLOW IN WIRES"   OK here is a challenge for you Derek.  Since you don't believe electrical energy flows in wires but in fields you would be happy with this experiment. A high voltage DC source (DC to be consistent) let's say 10,000 Volts, two bare wires positive and negative, connecting to a load, 1m apart and 20m long (for consistency with Your previous experiments)   Initially you sit between the two wires for one hour without touching them, at the end of which you report any ill effects from being fully immersed in the fields (that you claim are carrying all the electrical energy) Then you firmly grasp one of the wires with your left hand and the other with your right hand and then report the ill leffects of that on your health. ........I promise to pay you $10,000 if you put up on YouTube a video of this experiment. I believe this would conclusively prove where all the energy is flowing, in the fields or in the wires !  I offer a word of caution though do not reverse the sequence of the experiment or it probably won't be able to be completed. OK, LETS BE SERIOUS NOW. THIS WOULD BE AN EXTREMELY DANGEROUS EXPERIMENT. DEREK PLEASE DO NOT TAKE ME UP ON THIS OFFER. And regardless of Derek's wild theory about where electrical energy flows no one else should try this. You would be able to sit indefinitely next to but without contact with the wires but Immediately you touch them there is a VERY HIGH CHANCE OF SERIOUS INJURY IN THE BEST CASE, AND INSTANT DEATH IN THE WORST CASE !!
Good video, to me it was allways obvious that we were talking about a thought experiment. But the 3d simulations really made it  click for me in understanding how it works. This allso makes me understand the connection with ac. I didn't quite get the jump from dc to ac in the original. Is this the reason ac is more efficient at transmitting pover over distances? This allso seems to connect to how transformers work right.
Excellent explanation... and I can't help but feel a bit smug for you regarding the neigh sayers XD. The biggest take away for me is how messy everything must be if you could visualise the magnetic fields generated by all the tech we're surrounded by.
Bro is better than my college prof
Why tf don’t u tell exactly what it is don’t fool us say something in schools and then Disregard it  No doubt we engineers are depressed 😫
Michael Faraday is waking up to answer this question.
Derek you really are a complete tool !  WHY ARE YOU CALLING YOUR CIRCUIT A TRANSMISSION LINE ...??? IT IS NOT   Shift your lamp to one end and your source to the other end, and make your source AC and not a DC battery and then you will have transmission line. Then and only then can you talk about distributive  loading the way you have.  The physical circuit you constructed in your second video is a resistively loaded, folded dipole, not a transmission line..... it is an an antenna when fed by AC !!... yet you talk about it's "Characteristic Impedance" and pretend you have measured it.  (without telling us how)    "Characteristic Impedance" is a quality of transmission lines and is a constant value.  Your "antenna" circuit will return wildly different input impedances depending on measurement frequency.  Then you show us an FEA Electromagnetic Simulation but don't mention that the model is driven by RF at a specific frequency,  The single voltage transient caused when you close the battery switch  will NOT creat an electromagnetic field of enough power to light any lamp in the real sense of the word, your arguments are baseless and I am sorry to say that anybody with any level of expertise in this field of knowledge can only conclude you are talking drivel !!!
Call me a nitpicker, but the answer is still none of the above, my guess is you would get around 0.996m/c if your lucky. And you are creating a new misconception with this. There are several flaws in all this. First the field flip takes time and it's caused by an electron to move slightly, as that triggers the field to collapse, second time is the field going to the opposit wire, that takes almost the speed of light, as the speed of light is considered through a vacuum and here he have air, thus a longer time. 3rd time is at the bulb. The wireing is copper, the filliment in the bulb is most likely tungstun for an Incandescent light bulb, The bulb contains argon gas, thus also affecting the field. As an Incandescent  light bulb is glowing due to the movement of electrons, without this movement nothing happens. So the time is close to the speed of light, but can never ever reach it. The claim that the energy is in the field is not correct. Without an electron nothing happens, there wouldn't be any field flip in the first place, nor movement in the lightbulb. The energy therefor is not in the electron and not in the field. The entanglement of the electron and the field is carrying the energy.
what happen if you use a superconducting wire
Hi, could fields or energy works as Mr Plank's said with light? Particle and/or frecuency... Thanks for your videos, they are great.
awesome! I wish we had this kind of channels when we were learning science in 90's ))
JFC, you can't admit you were wrong!  You're doubling down on your explanation after everyone called out your mistakes -- you're saying the circuit doesn't matter and this supposed to be educational?  This isn't educational.  It's a carefully worded trick question presented to confused people.
Is it just me or haven't he only demonstrated that electric flow creates magnetic field which then again creates electric flow in wire next to it... The main flow of power only reaches the lamp at speed of light is what he is showing. Problem is that he claims full power
Dude get some sleep lol
In that case, once someone invents a way to harness the current flowing out there from those fields, they won’t have to pay for electricity. Simply make sure they live close enough to an electric field.
I am convinced
Just with animation it should be going from positive to negative.
My biggest problem with this video is that you start with a Tektronix scope and then switch to an Agilent (Keysight) scope :/  And some of the concepts seem to blur AC vs DC. I think this could be better explained; but overall I enjoy the videos. Keep it up
What causes the surface charge gradient? I know it's because a battery is hooked up to a wire with a load, but can it be explained on a quantum level?
Ah yes, 2AM.. time to watch some educational stuff..
Congratulations to my fellow electrical engineers
yo derek, how would u feel about matching with mehdi on the next creator clash?
Great, now I understand Fields a lot better. Sometimes a fuzzy statement evolves into some great learning curve!
Okay I dont understand
Is there a basic explaining about how electricity works? This video is like Chinese to me
Ok now let’s really bake your noodles!!! What would happen if you placed a black hole inside your loop of wire directly between the power and bulb?!?! The black hole would consume the field. Then what?!
Yes! now you're right, it's a great improvement over the original video. I see a lot of intellectual honesty in your videos, you get better without fear of admitting when not everything you explain is quite correct or when it needs polishing (excuse my bad english level)
Mr. Veritasium is one of those world thinkers cutting through the BS of the low IQ nerds and geeks, (who were ruthlessly bullied in high school because of their difference). The gentleness and humility shown is unheard of in these days of chaos. While percent of population is miniscule, the impact on thinkers is great.
The parts at 13:20 and 17:00 are a big deal that I think tripped up many of us with experience but minimal formal knowledge. If you don't focus on the far sides it becomes obvious that the only part of interest is the fields - it's starts to look like an antenna/interference problem instead of a simple circuit-routing problem.  The other issue is the fact that (as seen on scopes) a small current appears, then the rest of the current appears. I think too many people assumed you meant that the full voltage/current would appear in the first time period.
Still not convinced, your experiment demonstrates EMI.  This will not change accepted fundamentals of electricity.
So much confusion, so much misinformation, so much misrepresentation from the guy with the shiny big fake white teeth.  So much naivity, ignorance and gullibility from the commentators. All or at least most of you live in the "Greatest Nation on Earth"  You guys should know that you truly are "Exceptional" and that you are being noticed by the rest of the world, specially with recent horrific events.   ... NOT AT ALL IN A GOOD WAY!
I do like the work, but I think this could have been presented way better. I would think this is confusing to many. You are demonstrating how antennas work, in many ways. Minor nitpick: did you really draw the radius of a proton as far smaller than the electron? Also, you say that the time for the electrons to move this distance is negligible, yet, you later demonstrate how it takes time for this wave to propagate the circuit.
This guy is con artist and a charlatan. He has cobbled together a whole lot of random truths in a totally invalid way to try to convince us that he has some giant new insight into "HOW ELECTRICITY WORKS"This second video is worse than the first one.  There is a huge difference between the way DC and an AC circuits work. Not once does he mention this. His introduction of electromagnetic coupling and transmission line theory into his argument would be fine except he is powering the circuit with a battery not an AC source. His use of the oscilloscope to attempt to prove his claim is bogus.......his power source for the measurement is a pulse.  Never has a battery been able to produce AC or pulses.  Batteries produce DC. Then he introduces Finite Element Analysis computer modelling to give some nice pictures of an RF circuit showing pretty coloured EM  fields.    1. He does not tell you the frequency of the source for these calculations, essential to any of this modelling, because then his battery power source becomes obviously ridiculous (there will always be a frequency as one of the model inputs)  2. He rabbits on about how the EM fields the model illustrates are outside the wire, proving his point but doesn't tell you that you can press a button which will show  You a simulation of currents flowing ON the conductors
💚
I love when someone says your wrong lol I look forward to watching you prove yourself right
I got question then. How electrocyte works then? If electricity is not a moving electron then, how a moving electrolyte in a biological solution (such as in the electric eel) produce electricity and propagate it through water?
Then how work the supper conductor??
Man most of those responses were very satirical. I absolutely hate when people just want to prove you are not as smart as them. You did a great job at giving a constructive response.
keep up the great work! I have something you will enjoy in the near future :)
So the magnetic field created by the current flow creates the energy to light the bulb??
It's actually very impressive to give an entire explanation of this and not even say the word "Coulomb" until 7 minutes in
Does this change at all when looking at AC versus DC ?
Looks like shoots getting real in the electricity fandom
Now I have to relearn everything I thought I knew about, for instance, diodes and transistors :-S
Other than women, I find electricity to be the most compelling mysterious force found in our world.  Has captured my attention since I hit 7 years old.  Women came later in life.
In my opinion, the core of the question is how do you define "light up". From the point of the view of an ordinary people, when the power reaches a certain extent, we can say it's lighted up, for example half of the power when the circuit is stable. So the electromagnetic wave created when switch closes can not cause it to light up. And trying to match impedance to get more energy from electromagnetic wave is cheating. You are not supposed to add conditions to the question to get a special solution. If adding conditions to questions isn't cheating, I can also say that every piece of wire is a radio receiver.  Because each wire can resonate with some signal, and each wire can stretch and bend in an electromagnetic field to produce sound.
its time revise the basic electrical and electronic text books with this logical info.
You are so humble! It was your fault for not doing a better job of explaining that you were right.
circles dont show emotion. they are moving, but not expressing
Usually i keep my focus throughout the video and somewhat understand what’s going on even tho I don’t have a degree in anything but this video lost me when he started talking about the battery and the light bulb in details… I couldn’t keep up
"The speed […] is very fast." – No, speed cannot be fast. Speed means, "distance over time". However, "fast" also includes the time aspect, as in, "a lot over time". Yes, a speed can be high, as in, "a lot of distance over time". A "fast speed" would be "a lot of (distance over time) over time". Which is an acceleration. I don't care what you drawl after nine pints of 'mercan dishwater, but if you're making a science video, fix your damn language.
Omg the units.
Thank you so much for this video. I have a degree in engineering and I didn’t know about this. I always thought its electrons that flow from one end to the other.
VEry fascinating and interesting. One thing I did not get - where is the surface charge coming from? Why is it a charge and not just random?
Wish I had been taught this in school instead of just ohms law.
Yea I got no clue
The reason the botton wire acted the same as the wire in the circuit is because the induction from the circuit wire.
So why does the electrical field need a conductor and a closed circuit if it's the field carrying the energy and not electron?
I loved your previous videon on how actually electricity moves and power things. I found your explanation quite clear that it was the magnetic wave that was going from the start to the finish (being juxtaposed to each other) made it possible to transmit energy at what seems faster then light. All because the energy didn't really travel the whole 300000m long wire but "jump" from start to end that was a mere meter away.  That was like a revelation to me and very exciting!
The discussion of the surface charges and flow of power is fascinating and not very well known.  Thanks for presenting it. However,  the question can be answered a lot simpler by using the better-known concept of crosstalk.   Designers of printed circuit boards, ICs, and cables know extremely well the problem with crosstalk between a signal-carrying wire and adjacent wires.  If you send a 1V pulse, typically a smaller pulse will show up on adjacent wires. You can show this on a PCB by sending a 1V pulse and see the crosstalk pulse on the adjacent wire. There was no need to construct large-scale models, although it might have been fun.   This is what is happening in his experiment. It is not necessary to talk about light bulbs. There is the signal you send to do whatever job you want to accomplish and then there is crosstalk in adjacent wires that will be smaller depending on exact geometry and configuration. The crosstalk is not the signal you send with the intention of doing the job which in this case was turning on the light bulb.
In the first video there was not a clear line between steady state and transient period. This video now makes it clear that in the transient state the load will receive a small amount of power from the fields until the steady state takes place and provides full power while the power provided by transient goes away
Dang.  ME for 30 years.  Voltage = pressure, Current = flow.  Lol.  Am wrecked now!  Just kidding.  This is awesome.  Thank you very much for your explanations!  Always learning something.
You should Study Eric dollard's work, if you want to keep pushing and learning the truth in the electrical world, one can easily pass "speed of light" in different ways. Others who say differ, just don't know. Or are ignorant. But when you "find" and learn the truth I must warn you, you could end up depressed.     You also don't need amp to create a electrical magnetic field. You just need high voltage
Fascinating! It's cool that the light bulb gets a decent amount of energy before it actually turns all the way on
So can we actualy make information travel faster than light ?
Is there a whole sub genere to Youtube where its just people reacting/reviewing videos made by Veritasium saying whether he is right or not?
So you're saying electricity works like redstone?
IS JUST A THEORETICAL PHYSICIST TRYING TO LOOK LIKE AN ENGINEER. I HAVE EXPERIENCE IN BOTH FIELDS, ENGINEERING AND PHYSICS AND CAN SAY THIS VIDEO IS NONSENSE
No. ur explanation is more confusing. 🙄 u can simply say that electricity is MAGIC 🪄 If u take electric tools with u  in ur time travel to the far past, people will think u r a true magician or a god!!
I always thought of electricity as working like this.... One electron goes in from the battery and one comes out the other end. They are NOT the same electron, the light on the other end does NOT have to wait for any electron to travel the whole distance through the circuit to get to the other end as there is already one there waiting to be pushed out into the light. And because electrons are all essentially the same, it might as well have been the same one and as far as the person on the other end is concerned, it was. And because electrons are so indistinguishable from one another is actually why electronic communications even work to begin with. Think of a bunch of identical balls inside a tube filling it up from one end to the other, if I push another ball into one end, a ball on the other end will be pushed out almost instantly regardless of the length of the tube. But when the tube gets too long it will take a lot of force to get the one on the other end to push out, and that is sort of why electricity can only go so far on a single stretch of wire before needing a "repeater" to push it further. If any of that makes sense...lol.
It'll be funny in 250 years when they have videos out there discussing YouTuber Veri and this other youtuber scientist disagreed on power and energy like we're talking about those in history disagreeing. So fascinating.
At the end of the day, you still need the surface charges to appear on the wires for the light bulb to completely turn on, and that process will start happening at each point on the wire once the the EM wave passes from that point with the speed of light, right? So what was the initial problem? Were people disagreeing on the light bulb having noticeable light because it was close to the switch? If that was the case, how does the light bulb also light when the circuit is disconnected, but won’t keep its light turned on? (I imagine it has to do with the Poynting vector, but I did not get what happens with it in the case of the open circuit, does it just flows away, thus the momentarily switched on light bulb loses its brightness?). Also why does this depend on the position of the switch?
Sorry to begin the sentence with "since I'm an electric engineer", but this is a really really long video to say "it was a trick question's that many many other channels said a long long time ago. I do not approve.
What is an electric field made of?
i still don't get it why open wire have current
We don't make mistake, we have happy accidents. "Boby da best"
the simulations are fantastic!!
What he says: Sorry, I should have expressed myself better.  What he thinks: Don't mess with me.
As an Engineer specialising in electronics, I can say that all of this takes me back to a moment sitting in a second year Physics lecture, being told that the energy flows in the fields. Oh yeah, that was counter-intuitive and tbh, I only scraped through 2nd year Physics. But yes its correct. It goes through my head every time I go near high voltage power lines, because the energy is all in the fields around those wires and the wires are there to set the boundary conditions for the fields.   Having said this, those practical simplifications (lumped circuit elements) are so much more fun to deal with!
The fact that you put Rick Hartley presentation in your video, "mindblown" :D
Pura-pura ngerti aja ya gaes 😅😅
So, is it fair to think of the wire more like an antenna as much as a conductor?
Fascinating, however unlike the self propelled car experiment where I was a 100% with you all along, here I think the analysis is just too simplistic. at least it was presented as such at the beginning. True, electrical energy is carried through dialectic gap rather than through the conductor, "everyone" knows that (if they have their bachelor's degree in physics or EE), you kind of missed however, in my mind, with not calling the system for what it actually is: what's known as a "distributed system" in electrical engineering (as opposed to lumped systems, which most people are familiar with). The analysis approach is well known in both theory and practice for several decades at least. Unfortunately, most people would find it utterly boring... wait, could that be the reason!? :)
Could Veritasium provide clarification on functions of neutral and ground (earth) wires in terms of EMF, current etc. Benefits of 3 wire AC power supply system.
This content is better than college
No matter what is wrong in your fist assumption. You did it right to recognize the fault and then dive deeper. This is how knowledge evolves. Some times it is about falsifying sometimes it is about verifying statements. Brilliant job! So to say. You proofed you are a brave guy, to admit some thing was wrong and then you showed (emotional) strength to work it out correctly. Well done, again!
What happens if instead of running the wires parallel, they are made into a very large square? Does it create a VERY large electric field?
This is the tea I want... A bunch of extremely smart nerds arguing
they ganged up on you homie......no worries, I been married 4 times so I know the feeling well.......lol
Great video Thank you  However I have a confusion Great video Thank you  Though I'm confused, please Why electricity simply be expressed as a result of fields or waves?  Good evening Sir I'm a Physics Undergrad and ever since my secondary school (high school) days there's something about electricity that doesn't feel quite right I think it has something to do with the misconceptions we grew up with or the flat out question why we can't simply express electricity as a result of fields or waves please if you can and to everyone seeing this can you help me in whatever way?
Anecdotally, this is an interesting (an perhaps the best) application of the Cunningham's Law ("The best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer.") where the answers help spread knowledge of the topic at hand and the scientific method itself.
Frankly, speaking of electricity always felt like theoretical science to me. It just wasn't intuitive enough to believe outright. it is making more sense now. Thanks for that.
Would have been great if Electro Boom was up the ladder setting the experiment up
I raise my hat to you, sir!
You should work with Robert Murray Smith over on his ty channel to come up with something awesome
Can you tell us more about field channeling?
Didn't Tesla prove this decades ago?
So basically like an octopus,the wire becomes the legs meaning it becomes part of the battery,I’m not sure if that’s what your trying to say but I never taught about cable’s being the legs of a computer or power plant,if that’s the case it makes sense that the energy is always available at the end of the wire ,my mind is blown right now because yesterday I saw an octopus video and how it thinks from the edge of one tentacle it’s the same with electricity! Now I look at cables different lol
I have no idea what any of this means :)
I don't know if it's an appropriate analogy but the fields clearly play a role since wireless charging works.
Derek is smarter then we think he is
"a perfect conductor is a perfect obstructor"
It amazes me how much we can do with things we don't really understand. There is a lot more to be learned about magnetism/electricity than we think we know right now.
Brilliant work that stimulates good discussions … an example of the pleasure of thinking hard.
things are heating up in the electricity fandom
Rule #1 : To conclude, Derek win Rule #2 : In case there is any doubt, do not forgot rule #1
So obviously you did build the setup where the lightbulb turns on without the wire actually being closed...
Amazing video. Way better than your response to the Tom Nicholas video. Your non-sponsored videos are legitimately some of the best educational content on YouTube.
As a classically dumb person I’m just happy to be in the spectator seat and learn from all the really smart people.
Your premise relies on the conductors being fairly close together. E.g. the closing of the switch creates a field near the light bulb only a meter away, across a gap. What if the circuit were a single wire circumnavigating the globe? It would be end-to-end 25K miles. I know it's be a lot of internal resistance but no cross inductance or capacitance.
Can you please explain the phenomenon of thunder lightening and plasma based on this video.
i guess the non connected wire explanation kind of shows up as interference in sound equipment that isnt adequately shielded.
This seems a very complex and expensive way of saying "Sorry, i fucked up" while whispering "but I was right after all".  But seriously: if I can hold a cable connected to a socket and not get electrocuted, I'm not "touching electricity". No "appreciable voltage" unless I'm closing a circuit. The toothbrush analogy has absolutely nothing to do with how current flows in a wire: we all know how a transformer works and wireless charging is just that, two parts of a transformer starting to work when they're in the right position.
Well.  S*^>.  I think "your problem" is...we just like our electricity to be more simple.  😬🤣
Does this misconception carry weight in assumptions how these fields effect biological systems like nervous systems?
If it lights up instantly (nearly) then why doesn't mine light  L=lightbulb B=battery \=switch  ------------------------------------------------------- |                                                           | |                                                           | B                                                          | |                            |                              | \                           L                             | |                            |                              | |-----------------------------------------------------|
wait one time he says there's no flow or free elections then he goes on to there is, they are the 'sheep'
I so applaud these videos and clarification Ms… mobile electrons never made sense to me and this makes so much more sense and matches more the ideas that I learned when learning power generation
Does this mean that you will not be seeing the lightning that kills you?
I LOVE SCIENCE
Oh.
Literally none of this makes sense to me and I'll never be able to understand how electricity works.
Really well done, a lot of effort, knowledge, and time has gone into this!  Just one thing irks me, and that is the constant angry shouting of ElectroBoom, one too many shocks, eh?
You know what Derek I always struggled to accept the regular model because It was really weird to me that electrons move inside the cable just like a they do in a battery. I always thought to myself that it is a oversimplification because of the difference between the two mediums. Concept of electricity really clicked inside my mind after I saw your video.
This fun controversy and discussion illustrates why concise language and statement of assumption are so critical. For example, energy flow in, on, and outside the wires was not clearly explained. Every time I watch this and related content, concepts from classical field theory, EM propagation, and circuits come into better clarity. Very satisfying intellectually, but I will never admit that in most company.
thats very wrong calculation, what kind of metal wire did he use? and its metal... different metals has different structure
I think there needs to be 3rd video.  What happens when the battery/switch is more than 1m from the bulb/resistor/load?  What happens when there is 300,000 km between them?
Extending this thought experiment: imagine the same circuit but using  a  fibre optic cable to switch the bulb.
It would be better to change your channel video to Bengali.
I love watching your videos, but I’m definitely not the audience. I’m fascinated by the science, but a lot of it goes over my head.
Haha, Caltech guy working atop the ladders and three others watching.
Even my teacher ask questions from his videos
TL;DR; your "mistake" made the video have even better results :)
As an electrical engineer ,this was eye opening. Just brilliant...
I was 'shocked' with an insulated wire and wondered how.thanks bro,now i know.
Me, a person that doesn't understand how a light switch works, watching these videos: Hmm... Yes.
so... why is it that when i ad a foot and a half worth of wire to my tattoo machine, it make a clear noticable difference in the power and speed of the machine that would be in the place of the bulb compared to the battery..   think of the light bulb getting dimmer if u added a foot of wire
This proves God exists.
So much discussion and still the key aspect & experiment missing that could very nicely clarify what is happening here: 1) a battery with a long antenna wire connected to it via a switch, 2) ten/twenty/100 lamps around it, each with an antenna wire hanging from one (or both) terminals. What happens with all the lamps when we toggle the switch? How much power will each lamp receive for what duration of time?  Once this is clear, a fun next question to ask is what is the role of a switch. What if instead of toggling it we would drop the battery onto a metal floor so that it would touch it with one terminal. How many lamps could we illuminate with the resulting EM signal?
@Veritasium and how the graph looks like when you turn the stvitch off?
is this what causes the led light bulb to glow after it is switched off by a switch?
If you can spiral the current. (Nothing 2D) You will see interesting things. You can charge a battery qucker and higher, The electric motor has more power than the nominal. You can send more electricity on the same diameter wire.  Try it. The specially wound and dimensioned toroidal transformer is driven by fast-paced and high-intensity current pulses  The toroidal transformer is designed for a fraction of the rated output power of the inverter,  so the excitation on the primer side is significantly higher than the saturation value of the transformer iron.  An unknown new physical phenomenon occurs, | because electrical power can only pass through the transformer through a mechanism that does not require  the complete conversion of the input electricity into magnetic energy.
Several questions generated from this video.  1.  Could someone be electrocuted by the open circuit wire example that was nearby the closed circuit? 2.  Does this bring possible validity to the cancer clusters that were nearby large power line sections? (I didn't read cases, so not sure of court results)
Electromagnetic Fields are everywhere with electric Devices. In Germany the Health and Safety Regulations forbid any public energy transmittal high enough that it can raise your body temperature by 1 degree Celsius at the position where a pedestrian or person would be.
If there was no surface charge you could willy nilly touch any live wire carrying current/ power.
Yeah I think School Physics Didactic methods should be improved and we need more active demonstrations and experiments with the pupils to really grasp and learn the phenomenons.
Hi! Can someone explain me why or how the battery makes appear charge in the surface of the wires? I appreciate your explanation!
Wow!! was that a mic drop at the end?
Help please, so to get the bulb to completely light up in Veritasium original video, it would take 1 second? 20:30 here he talks about "1 light speed delay" to fully light. Thank you.
Another way of thinking about this that might be more intuitive for some people:  Immediately after you close the switch, you have a changing current in the wire extending out of the battery. A wire with a changing current functions as an antenna and transmits some power. The section of wire with the light bulb also functions as an antenna and receives the power.
Good
I like and enjoy the video, but as freshman I feel confused each time you go to the next argument. Can you put signal on you video timeline and have a small pause between parts, so people can take a breath before going to the next point?
I don’t understand a single thing it just seems cool.
I saw the previous effort of this crap. Now, I'm  so tired and fatigued, nit even a strong electrical shock can revive me. I'm  going nite, nite now.  I wonder what all this stuff is about. All this just to light up a bulb? Just flip the switch Tesla, just flip the switch.
I absolutely love the inclusion of the GlowScript simulations for surface charges in circuits. Wonderful connection to my own past research in EM visualizations =)
Best "mia culpa" ever. Haha, love your content.
As a contributer to Neon sign technical publication, we in that trade know that 18000 volts, and 10000 Hertz, a fire can be started even by a coaxial grounded  conductor. A law forced this arrangement on installers. We generally knew of electric fields but scientists wouldn't believe it. Millions of dollars later?
Great video. There was no need to apologize for your use of units.  If you consider that the presenter has already done the division of  (1m) / (c m/s), and canceled the m/m out, then he is just stating the final time travel result in the final unit, seconds. It's not easy to show full actual dimensional analysis in a comment but I changed to all fractions and multiplied factors .....[Distance] ÷  [Speed] = [Time].......is the same as [Distance/1] x [1/Speed] = [Time/1]....or [(1meter)/1] x [(1second)/(c meter)] = [(1/c) second] . You can read the light velocity c  from bottom to top just as correctly as top to bottom. Try just saying c meters per second reading the fraction from bottom to top. Every time you say "per" think of switching top/bottom or bottom/top for a correct understanding. Plus, the correct use of algebraic "grouping symbols" such as parentheses really does matter.
It's crazy Maxwell figured this out 200 years ago. I am so dumb.
I'm very pleased that you made an apologetic video and left the boulevard back into science. We have really known about transients, fluctuations in saturation, inductions, transmission line capacities and much more for more than 100 years. Respect for courage.
So my question is. You have the source and load near each other in the circuit and the field is affecting the load before the influx.  What if the source and load were not so close what if the circuit was a circle and the wire the size of the earth would the field still get to the at the load at the point of closing the switch?  i think the field effect would beat the influx since it has a shorter distance to travel but would it be instantaneous or is there a delay.
Perspective viewer Electrician:- the debate goes on Professor:- the calculation is triggered War:- who's gonna win Content creator:- create more views from other content creater. Viewers:- what is happening Me:- the beef between mr.tesla & mr.edison still firing up.
How many other color blind people could just barley see the difference between the yellow and greenish-yellow lines at 19:00?????
I sometimes sit back and am astounded at the human race. Evolutionarily we're a bunch of proteins, but given enough time, we banded together, and are now influencing the basic fundamentals of our universe in our everyday life. One person can do something that will have an impact on the other side of a PLANET in seconds, by manipulating the fields around them, which manipulated other fields, etc etc etc. It's crazy.
Do the same thing with wires that have heavy shielding and that will show this well for some
I guess I think of the diagrams and experiments like this with wires that have very good shielding.  As I commented on your last video also. You’re set up has and accounts for 0 shielding.
Derek, I understand what you just taught. Can you help us understand why this topic is so grossly mistaught in high school and college physics courses?
Would the result be the same with AC current?
Fantastic to see experts, engineers, and scientists calling each other out in the interest of providing good science and accurate information. Then we see competitive and collaborative discussion that results in getting to the heart of the matter and getting as close as we can (for now) to the truth of it. Without vitriol or maliciousness.
Think about all these vids like this "A mistake made people money" watch time and subs gained to a lot of channels because of a mistake.
I £♡✌️€ Community (Support!)
Thank you. I must say I am getting a bit angry at my childhood teachers, who seemed to have not taught me the truth.  Surely the education leaders of the 60;s, and before and after, knew about Relativity, and gravity, and with this subject; electricity. Yet we were taught simplifications because they believed it was for the benefit of our simple minds. I am so thankful now to you, and so many others, for learning the truth about so much science..
Damn so all those audiophile cable guys were right? I can see why a speaker cable could get a lot of added noise from lack of shielding.
YouTube teaaaaaa
Amazing animations, this visuals really help into understanding the fields gradients moving through space.  Thank you very much for this !
By fundamentally challenging the presumptions of a phenomenon, you/one challenges the presumed result.  Thanks for this.  It's really good.
21:05 like this it makes sense now but as you may already found out this is just hidden for people with basic electrical knowledge. For people who studied electronics or had electronics as a major in any other way this is infact nothing new. We are very aware of the effects of fields especially when working with high frequencies and you can take this even further where we make calculations of how signals at the other end of a circuit look like at the very moment of flipping the switch. It was just the lack of set rules and assumptions in the first video that made everyone upset and i think its beautiful how this impressive field of electronics is now discussed by many experts aswell as its spread among people who weren't aware of fields.
i really feel like i understand these concepts now!
Can anyone explain the transistor and diode function without electron  Or doping of impurities
My brain gained mass from watching this. Incredible work!
It is almost like the wire becomes an extension of the battery..
Ah yes the lumped model. We covered that in transmission line design during my EE degree. Never thought I'd see it come up in this context lol.
So... was the 14mW LED for illustrative purposes only? Is there a reason you did not replace the resistor with the LED? Is there a reason you used 20V instead of 12V? Dancing around things by showing the LED in a different setting and blatantly, disrespectfully misrepresenting counter arguments (**who** said the bulb would **never** come on? That's pretty messed up to make that implication when pretty much all detractors were going after your "simplifying assumption" that was so simple, the bulb would **always** be on (if you are confused about the difference between "always" and "never", check a dictionary -- the school you used to teach at probably has many of them.)
Consider the house hold electrical connections to a common outlet. The wire is compressed such that only the outer skin of the wire is contacted. The innermost "conducting wire is not in contact at all" go figure
We need more scientists fighting rather than muslim apologists arguing over their stupid religion
You should have left the characteristic impedance piece out of it, as Z0 does not come into play for what you were doing and time frame you were interested in. Matching  load impedance with Z0 maximizes power transfer because it minimises wave reflection at the load interface. This implies that impedance matching does not have an influence on the power transfer since the initial power transfer is via capacitive coupling, during which the travelling wave is yet to arrive at the load interface.
When we explain or understand AM/FM radio stations, we imagine a giant coil oscillating in the radio station. It emits waves. The electrons in the antenna vibrate in synch. And we pick up the signal. We never think about return current, completion of circuit etc. So we had the basics to understand this. But because we were given a short hand simplistic model of circuits and currents flowing through wires, it is difficult to unlearn that short hand and understand the wave propagation.
I grew up in deep rural South India. Telegraph was in serious use there and my was a trained telegraphist who can use Morse code. They were using single-wire-telegraphy and my questions about "how is the circuit completed? Where is the return current?" could not be answered well by my dad, nor my high school teachers. The maintenance supervisor said, "The Earth is the return path, the circuit is completed through Earth". It was good enough for a school boy. But now, when you look at the induced current on the open loop wire you understand how the single wire telephony worked. You dont need a return current. It does not matter whether the loop is open or closed. All the elaborate earthing done to the instruments by that maintenance supervisor is basically reducing the line impedance! Now I have a much better understanding of how the single wire telegraphy worked.
I'm confused: early on in the video you claim that, contrary to popular belief, electrons don't physically flow through wires in a circuit (like water molecules in a pipe would). But for the remainder of the video you clearly show electrons moving through the wire. Am I missing something here or is this a massive discrepancy?
Even if you become the greatest scientist the world has ever seen, you still won’t be able to answer fundamental laws that make up the universe… such as black holes, dark matter, or how we became alive and aware… so why would anyone bother to wasting so many years in school to learn stuff people already know…. Live your life, nothing matters.
I am still not sure on one point, where the time required for the surface charge to accumulate is limited by the speed of light; does this mean that the field needs to ‘travel’ through the wire in the speed of light; thus the time required for the light bulb to light up is still apparently 1s right?  What’s the issue with my thought process here?
Plot twist: The bulb also turns on if you had cut the wire far far away.          This is because the cathode of the battery will transfer some of its charge to the conductor segment (though not connected to the bulb) once the switch is closed. The magnitude of the electrical field is only half compared to the original situation. Nevertheless, the bulb turns on after 1m/c. Yet, the initial glim will be only of half intensity.
Keep in mind that electrons are not little pins, marbles nor balls, they are waves of energy, they are not sth you can touch, sth you can grab, physically...  For me thinking about lil pins brings more questions than any answer, any way of your mind to figure out how it works...
I wish in the future to do similar things because the gain of knowledge is not from easy thinks but from dificult and ( some times ) blaming things.  Only then we can go forward. Thank you for this and for all your efforts. Its a normal behaviour from people . Its not easy to change something convenient in your brain with something more complicated but true... Its the human nature... We are nit always ready for big changes....
Derek, can you do a video using the same tools and simulations to illustrate how the electric field would look in this situation with an alternating current instead of a direct current? I am very interested to see this aspect of the more detailed explanation of circuits.
I'm not an engineer and my only academic education is in the arts, and still I learn so much from your videos and I find the fantastic. Thanks 🙏
This video gives me a headache. Try explaining biological circuits, electricity in the body
Make a controversial video, explain it average, attract controversy - make a response video with more detailed explanation - get more views, *repeats*
Nothing starts out complicated, it just gets that way.
Isn't that early transmitted energy considered a "leakage current"?
That explain to me, why I feel energy with my hand around metal and battery without touch it ! I dream to have some scientific come to test it with me because no one cant explain why my body react to energy field.  I can say energy exit a device not at the same intensity all around. With my digit : I feel the energy go out more in some point than others on the same metal object.  I want to know !!! what is this phenomenon, and why other people don't feel that !  I need to understand.
And the reasons you have not picked up much noise are probably because:  1. The available EM wavelengths and polarisation in the vicinity didn't quite match your "antenna" size and orientation, and  2. No parallel power lines or cables in the vicinity which could have set up a voltage on your loop via inductive (more so) or capacitive coupling.
Hey Derek  In the animation you showed that electrons were colliding with the positive ion. Wont they fall in the nucleus if they do so. Please may you clear on this
wow, fields are one of the main leads huh, was never taught such things in my school or college days
The use of a lightbulb in the thought experiment that involves the transient of closing a switch is frankly stupid and spread all kinds of confusion. The bottom line is, steady state current happens far far later than transient current appears. And bloody filament bulb would not have heated up sufficiently to glow during the transient!
When I teach about circuits I like to start explaining an hydroeletric powerplant.. because the way we get energy from the water, is similar to the way we get energy from the water: its the fields all along.
re-explaining and clearing up what you meant rather then getting mad. respect
Great video! This presented almost all of the analysis I was curious to see after having watched your first video. There is only one further correction I'm hoping you'll detail in another follow-up (or maybe you have already). Which is a quantum wave explanation for the transfer of energy from the electrons to the lattice in the bulb, to photons leaving the bulb. This can all be field-based at large scales but if you reduce it down to single-electron emission, you run into the wave/particle duality associated with "measurement" or the transfer of energy at the quantum level that people find so mysterious about quantum mechanics. I'm curious to see how you could help explain and visualize this in a video. Great work!
Thanks Derek for the concise explanation. The capacitor shorting at t=0 @16:54 is not really a good way to understand it because u can always add a lumped inductance just right next to the bulb and inductance at t=0 is open circuit so the circuit is not complete.
What you have been eluding to is what we traditionally call capacitive coupling. Given there is no shielding between the parallel conductors, you will detect some voltage at the load terminals pretty fast. However, the full voltage will be detected at the load terminals  after a delay based on the loop distance of the conductor and the velocity of the travelling wave on this conductor. The velocity can be calculated as SQRT(1/LC).which is always reasonably lower than the speed of light.
by "lightbulb turning on" u usually assume turning fully on
I think we should all just agree that electricity is Dark Magic, and burn all electrical engineers at the stake, to appease the Lightning Gods. Before it's too late.
The fact is, that NO ONE knows what electricity is.
"I apologize for the casual use of units" sounded so bitter lol
Hi Veritasium.  I like your channel a lot and I wish you all the best. Namely, I have had an idea since childhood and it has always been interesting to me when I remember it. I'm wondering if something like this would be feasible through this concept and I mean the following:  If we built high enough and stable open pipes in height and placed some efficient turbines and generators at the bottom that would power electricity, would the difference in height and the difference in air start the turbines? How high should those pipes be? Would there be any airflow through the pipe at all? Would that flow cause some mini tornado in the pipes? ha-ha Is such construction possible? What would this type of energy be called and what forces could be explained if it existed. Has something like this already been tried? How would this affect and would it affect the climate in the event that sufficient air flow is achieved through the pipes and therefore the air mixes much faster in the environment? I have so many questions? I guess this could be another form of green energy if all this makes sense at all ...    Sorry for my grammar,....
Why does a wall with rising dampness contain an electric potential up to 200mV?
Thank you Derek, for all that you do. I was excited to watch this as I recently saw Electroboom's video response to your previous video.  I think this gets close to a recent thought experiment/theoretical question of mine. Standard teaching is that electricity needs a circuit to flow. I describe a circuit as a "circle" when I teach about solar, but recently I was thinking about how, when you connect a battery up, you're not connecting it back to the "same" place, since there is some kind of separation between the positive and negative ends of the battery.  The assumption: What I need for electricity to "flow" is a voltage difference between two places in space, and a suitable (conductive) medium to get a decent (measurable) current.  The experiment: Can I hook up a circuit that starts on one battery and ends on another, i.e. connected to the positive terminal of one battery and the negative terminal of another? Pretty quickly, the voltage across the "circuit" would equalize, but what about before that? The internet tells me that the poles of any given battery aren't necessarily the same, so does it matter if instead I attach the positive to the positive end? Is the amount of electrical flow here going to be happening at the speed of light? Batteries have a chemical flow that maintains the voltage difference, so we also don't have that. I FEEL LIKE MY PREMISE IS RIGHT (with the caveat of not understanding what the voltage difference across two different batteries would be) HOW CAN THIS BE MEASURED. Also, is this what happens with lightning? Conceptually, does lightning count as a circuit, or is it more like a single wire from sky to ground?
Legitbait
is it me, or does he look tired?
Can you make a video about electricity in the human nervous system? Electricity in a body of water sounds like an interesting topic to me. Does it affect the magnetic field? What "insulation" is used...
I just loved how this brings scientific minds from all over the world...this the beauty of science - the traceable truth - religious fools can never be such unified ... Let this collaborations happen some more - the world will be better
So your saying that there is an induced current that powers the bulb faster, but at a lower potential difference than the full current can travelling through a super conducting wire of zero resistance. Seems plausible but if you increase the distance between the power source and the load then the 1/r^2 effect of the field radiating away from the source makes the effect tend toward zero til that effect disappears.
Somehow in all of this I still don"t understand...what is the field? And, you say the rapidly moving electrons in the filament give off their energy...what is energy in this context? Is it a something? Is it a nothing? A related comment in general: I notice that once something is given a name, i.e. electron, people talk about it as if they know what it is but the act of naming it removes the curiosity of "What exactly is it?" It is not an electron...that's just what we call it.  ...and the more I study chemistry, nuclear physics and cosmology the more I conclude that everything in the universe is all about what the electron is doing.
Scientists using science to prove their claims is so refreshing yet this sentence feels so trivial to think about
Great video but now I am confused 😅 Why don't ALL the lights in the house go on when we switch the button?
I am still having a hard time understanding (and certainly the issue is on my end here). Why don't other lights in my house light up when I turn on my switch. Or how are my lights ever off given I have lots of appliances that are always on and connected to nearby circuits.
Surely, the proof of the concept would be to alter the experiment by placing the switch and light source at opposite ends of the long wires and then measuring the resultant (presumably much greater) delay in the light turning on…or have I completely misunderstood the description of what's going on??? I'd be interested to see what would happen if a light source was installed on the disconnected wire. From what I understand (again possibly completely not), it should light, however briefly, when the field reaches it until it is reflected back from the unconnected ends…yes???
Would pointing a mirror at a solar panel increase or decrease its affectivness. Likewise would a magnifying glass increase or decrease effectiveness. I don’t even know what I would research to answer this question.
Made some additional assumptions. Basically agrees with every other video made to debunk that horrific first one, but sais he doesn't. "... I left it intentinally vague..." All to overcomplicate "Moving charge creates EM-Wave", which can be used in power/signal transmission... radios... you even said wifi and wireless charging. Come on...
I'm wondering if those who claimed your original video was false have ever used a radio.  🤔  As far as I'm aware, every wire with flowing electrons becomes an antenna, much to the chagrin of electrical engineers...  I'd like to see your experiment conducted with shielded cable.
Ok, this was much, much clearer than the original video.
Does the three wire array transmission lines induce ether, extra energy into the fields between the wires? Is the power stations power in puts out just a primer inducing ether and generating over unity by way of the array?
So if the energy is in the fields... who is going to re-do Tesla's work?
It helpful
Derek tried to make it simple, and critics nitpicked him, so he ever-so-politely took it to a higher level and made monkeys out of them!
I am sorry i don't understand any of the  explanation even with cool animation  😅😅😅but its still interesting to watch .
Hlo papu
Intersting hypothesis, good initial experiment, abject failure to follow up on potential variables.  Junk science and click bait.
Basically, I also was confused when first saw that episode.  As I get it, this guy says that the initial turn on (small current flow) is due to electromagnetic pulse traveling even through space. I would say, to keep on going a light bulb would need a constant supply of electrons which is possible when there is no break in the wire. Furthermore one expects to get an oscillatory behavior as field propagates through this large antenna-like wire. In principle, even just switching the key fast enough in _some_ powered closed loop circuit  one can produce (micro)wave radiation and light up all bulbs around, even if their lines are broken just by constantly supplying changing field. Now, surely we don't expect this energy transfer to be extremely efficient ( small flux linkage, this is why your wireless charger needs to be right under your smartphone), but the main flow will come as the voltage gradient distributes along the wire, rearranging electron densities and speeds in the wire slightly. This way, I still believe, a normal incandescent light bulb would not get enough power until the election density gradient travels all the way down the long wire. Btw, additional wire extensions are used in electronics to add time delays for electric signals.  Bottom line: people thought about currents giving steady light bulb operation, while this guy  was talking about how fields travel through space and his approach is more relevant for RF fields in normal life. So, it all was like talking about pears and apples.
A closed circuit is just two touching amtennae!!???
No.
Energy is created by fields, why remote charging/wireless charging exists; electric field/magnetic field
Looks like uninsulated videos spark some debate energy among positive and negative rivals
EMC methods and cable shields creating faraday cage to minimise EMI must be a mythical
This was really interesting! Can you make a video explaining why we need different sizes of wires depending on load? 😊
This make sense when you think about electric magnet. The ones that we wrap a rod with wires.
nothing better then scientists and engineers actually working together to come to a conclusion, working together we get so much further as a species
One simple way to prove your point is to spread the field laterally, between source and resister and measure the time it takes for the currant to reach the resister. I would not increase the amount of wire, at each end of the electrical field ( although, may be worth a try but results should be the same as not increasing amount of wire.
Thank you for these videos. While I don't understand all the concepts,  it does help me understand why I can't run high and low voltage lines in parallel in residential construction because of the field interference
Adding that extra (the third wire) while having a complete circuit on top will mislead a lot of people on induction
13:00 the causality issue.   If the circuit is broken, and you" close the switch, nothing would happen because you still have an open.  If you're saying that works, then you're agreeing to the absudness of leakage keeping the light on.
You could wrap wire around or put a loop of wire together inrudimentary transformers / capacitor out of the wire and that first interaction with electrons is enough to start the chain reaction within the magnetic field.
Nice follow up. Truly scientific
OMG, nerds' wars are vicious o0
Perfect example of where being too terse, causes an entire good discussion.
I look forward to more videos proving this wrong again.    Also haven't seen why batteries lose energy.
I went to tech school to learn Industrial Repair. After reading several explanations of how electricity worked I never felt like I got a really satisfactory explanation - even from Electrical Engineers I asked.
...at this point, it takes balls to say Derek is wrong, doesn't it? 🤡
Sorry I’m late
No this is him revealing what he knows to be true through a process of walking through the issues with everyone  He knows that the field arranges like a magnetic field this is easier to relate the understanding rAther then the water analogy which is misleading
15:00 this might have been the best explanation of what actually goes on that ive heard. Ive just always taken it for a fact that energy travels in the opposite direction but this gave useful information as to how it works. Its not important if all you do is connect wires.
contradicting statements:  11:50 - poynting vectors come from switch 14:04 - poynting vectors come from battery
I won't pretend to have understood anything
impedance and reluctance! you can't use the speed of light in a vacuum because you're not in a vacuum!!! it's going to be less then the speed of light.... never mind all the novice questions! also does the time to react if your light filament but never mind.... still I give you credit for everything you added, but I still think you left an ambiguous in the first place as a form of clickbait.
This just reinforces my lifelong belief that no one actually knows how electricity works and it's just black magic, better left to warlocks.
This was good.. but we need to stop saying “creates” energy is not created nor destroyed.. it’s just being transferred..  current is the speed of atoms threw space time voltage is how many atoms in space time moving at once , wattage is the total of of how many atoms moving at said speed thru space time generating the force. 200w is not electric 200 w is the amount of force they are generating to move at that pace in that group .   It’s like horse power.. the more horse power you have the more torque you have because it’s a natural phenomenon you can’t have one  without the other.   The prob is we think we create electric but we don’t. We use a force we call electricity however it’s always there always moving.. nothing ever stands still in this world. The reason lights don’t just turn on without wires is because there isn’t enough force applied on an average day. However if lightening struck (which we don’t make) those lights would get super bright and pop from the amount of force applied thru those atoms. Yet the atoms are still there .
David Banner said it best in the Avengers  : "that's my secret,  I'm always angry"
You are still mixing AC and DC and you can not do that and get the same result
For part 3: add quantum mechanics
But yeah, the intended message of the analogy IS correct.
The initial statement that "the bulb would light, even if the circuit were broken," is incorrect, because no VISIBLE light would emit. If you had claimed that a "measurable voltage would occur within the filament," that would be correct. If you are stating an analogy, make the notion known, state that the lightbulb "lighting" is an analogy for the presence of a measurable current.
Debate creates!
@4:05, correct. Same reason you can power a clock with a potato.
surface charges... really? how about then voltage in open circuit? According to that voltage in open circuit should be different depending the range from the battery and that is not the case.
Why don't you. Make a videos explaining the compton's effect .  That's a great topic to make a video on. And will help lots of student like me . And would also create interest  for particle physics among others
Electricstatic  field never form closed. Loops but how can you explain this in case  wire . Because in wire it did appear that it is forming closed loop .also it is not the induced electric electric field which is generated by changing magnetic field which actually forms closed loops.
I was having trouble understanding the explanations until he introduced the parasitic capacitances and inductances which are typical for information transmission lines. I think most of the engineers (myself included) had trouble with the fact, that the actual power transmitted through these impedances is very small (not enough to turn a light bulb on) and in DC circuits it is usually deemed negligible. The theory behind it is correct and honestly blew me away, but it isn't realistic enough and I think that that is the reason for the headaches of engineers.
@Veritasium As mankind knows today it's all true but yet you are trying to explain the unexplainabel like the lawyers on the court: you mixed up things in your original video! Just without numbers we have to make difference between shimmering and lighting. 2 more things - I don't know how you learn about electricity in universities over there but here the electric field and energy connection and such things were obvious even for me who never finisehed my studies. No need to explain so much. - Still I like your videos.  And one more thing here. keyword: pulse. Use it more pls.
Well no, I agree that energy can be said to be carried by the field, but in your previous video you were suggesting that the lamp would reach its final state quicker because the field has a small distance to travel. But this isn't the final state, this is just capacitive coupling. If the circuit is open somewhere, this capacitive coupling will switch the light on to a very low power and then it will quicky switch off again, so it's not the final state of the lamp. And worse, if you build loop of wire before wires go back to the lamp you can make the charges flow the opposite direction in the lamp during that transient supply of power, and if it's an LED it will not turn on at this point. So that transient power supply to the lamp has nothing to do with the final state of the lamp. It can even be opposite or it can be zero depending how you set the wires and it has nothing to do with the lamp being close to the battery so that the pointing vector can reach it quicker, already with its final value. It looks like you made your point intentionally unclear so as to trigger a debate and go viral and argue with people, not over science but over an explanation trick.
Great 2nd video!!! The way to go, explore, fail, repeat, learn...be humble and keep learning.
What if the Sun was the bulb and the switch was on earth ?🤔
No. you don’t know what light, energy, or a field is and you have explained nothing
I had no idea what you meant by 1/c seconds. Defos wish you would have phrased it as 1m but I prolly still would t have figured out what the equation meant.
Why am I getting goosebumps ?
‘Electric field carry energy, wires just channel it’ i guess tesla knew this and imagined a future we cannot……
You have got it backwards the high voltage travels through the wires an this creates the EMF which is outside the wire?
A transformer is not a break in the wire it changes usually a high voltage transmission voltage to a lower voltage safe for household use?
Now use that giant loop for a folded dipole antenna
Love the videos and the awakening that came with it. I've been thinking about what would happen if you put a huge Faraday plate between the wires.  There is a video at 13:30 in this video with an extra wire below the circuit - I would love to see that simulation done with the free wire in the space inside the circuit.  I think it will act like a Faraday hyperplate (forgive the terminology) and prevent some/all of the propagation into the far wire.
Thanks for the video.  Let me summarize it to make sure I really understand your point: 1. A portion of energy can be transmitted by EM waves from the source (switch) to the load (bulb). And the process just takes time=d/c0, depending on the distance d btw the switch & the bulb.  2. Still big portion of energy is transmitted along the conductive wire (according to the video at 14:37) due to its higher efficiency. And this process will take time depending on the length of the wire. Am I right?
When building large stereos we have to deal with the electrical fields acting on speaker wires which you can hear through the speakers
I don’t get it dUd, U sA the battery doesn’t create the fields, but it creates the charge that creates the fields, does that not mean they DO create the fields?  then you say the electric field can close the circuit(sorry transmit the energy) even if the circuit/wire is disconnected, & yet.. you say these fields are guided by the electrons in the wire, & we all know that as soon as you disconnect or connect that Yr, THATS when the energy is transferred.  U Cm to N giVng electrons lS credit thN they’re worth.. you say they are just the guide for the charge for the field, is that correct? wL if it is, Il remind U that all NRG comes from understanding & guides, & 1 more step back, understanding comes from mind(awareness type mind), & awareness might come as eazyness(not sure if or which 1 precedes the other).  so NEwA, NRG fields R waaay down the prIRiT Yr(pipe).  no battery, no wire, no light.. charge & energy field or not.  no electrons no charge - field, no seed - no tree👋
@Veritasium, Excellent Video. If possible, could you update the previous video's description you did to reference this one. That way, they will review this one before posting something that was answered here.
Thank you for shedding light rather than heat
Many video response is just like throwing a stone into a pound and create ripples. That's how people get inspired. But for sure, that do not happen in 1/2c time. :D
I got it the first time but this was far better of an explanation
This is how you are supposed to do science - scientists talking to each other and thinking about things, not pushing titles, accumulating metrics and p-value fishing. It used to be like that not long ago. We got enslaved by the system we created.
I'm actually surprised you are just now discovering something that Marconi discovered more than a hundred years ago and Tesla tried to exploit for nearly 20 years trying to provide free electricity to the world but failed as there was never enough current. Something I think you already found out the hard way. The only thing your 300,000KM wire is doing is acting like a huge antenna transmitting to another antenna only a meter away.
holy smokes, it's like an equivalent of invading ukraine in the world of physics
Didn’t understand the problem with “misconception 2”. It is true that the whole circuit is electrically neutral, but it is also true that there is excess electrons on one side and they would try to move to the positive side. I think the water hose analogy still holds.
Great video! I really admire your attention to details
So the field is "power"...that power field is transmitted across rhe "empty" space time field directly and provides "some" current to initiate load.  That space time field is NOT the path of least resistance.  The conducter, provides a path  for the  Power field that it prefers.   So my assumption is that "some" amount of power field crosses the space time field directly proportionate to the amount of power and inversely proportionate to the distance between the load and the switch.  And the bulk of the power field takes the path of least resitance, which is the conductor.    ....is that corectly stated?
It's like a water hose that is full of water. As soon as you turn it on water starts coming out, it doesn't wait for the water at the valve to reach the end.
This entire video could have been a short if you just clarified that you meant a partial voltage bridged the gap through the fields faster than it could travel along the wires.
Forget about battery and put a solar panel in the circuit instead.. All raise white flag and war is over..
Just awesome
@Derek: Since there is a formation of polarized charges on the conductor is it possible to demonstrate it with help of bringing a statically charged balloon closer to one side of load (where a steep gradient of charge occurs) when the switch is closed?
It’s kinda like watching The Crying Game
I love the channel, but i think the problem was clickbait and wrong.  With this assumptions, it just turn to, if an electric field can turn a light bulb, no wire or anything necessary, which no one will question.  People will be even more confused by electric fields and current than before, due to this experiment.
So basically everything I thought I knew about electricity is wrong and now it’s back to being dark magic and I’m completely confused.   I tell my kids all the time, the older I get, the more I realize I don’t really know. Case in point😕
Please as soon as possible
Can you please give a video on relationship between magnetism and light or any of the laws of relativity?
Everyone thinks they’re smarter
The bulb lights up instantly no matter what analogy is used. The way I was taught in my gr 9 science class would mean that the wire no matter the length would be full of electrons, once the battery is added or a switch is flipped, they all start moving. This would mean no matter the length of the wire, it should always turn on at the same time because there are electrons right next To the light bulb as well as the battery so the electrons are there to charge the bulb.  Hope I explained that we'll.
But how does positive and negative charges form on the surface of the wires instantaneously, when electron can only move through wire at very slow speed…I am still confused
So what is charge? Why does a battery lose it's charge?
So cool the collaboration and not this competitive crap. I truly miss this collaboration.
Electricity is all about the flow of electrons in a conductor which is called current. That's the way transistors and capacitors work. It is not exactly rocket science and fairly easy to understand. If I use a water pipe filled up with marbles (the pipe resembles a conductor and the marbles resemble the electrons in the conductor), then whenever you push 10 marbles into the pipe, 10 marbles will INSTANTANEOUSLY come out on the other end of the pipe. That explains why an electrical switch works instantaneously when electrons starts to flow 2000km away at the source. In an alternate current (AC), many electrons will never exit the conductor because it will just shunt up and down the 2000km long conductor.
4:45 - not quite, I'm afraid, or at least not clear.  Whatever small the speed along the wire, it exists. And it means that there are SOME electrons traversing net along the wire. So, occasionally, an electron crosses the boundary of your selected area, in or out (it's best to imagine it as a thin layer of the wire limited by two cross sections, as that way you can disregard the movements perpendicular to the wire axis). And that causes a momentarily unbalanced charge which repulses (or attracts) another electron from out of your box to maintain a neutral charge. The same goes for the thermal electrons as well, of course, but as it was mentioned they traverse in random directions, so their movements cancel out anyway.
Does the answer change when using DC instead of AC or vice versa?
This explains to me the difference between wifi and Ethernet (I believe it still applies, but could be wrong). You can send information through the em field (wifi), but the connection will not be as strong as a wired connection. Likewise, you can give a location internet access either by laying an underwater cable or using satellites. The underwater cable is stronger and so used more often, but the satellite method undeniably works and is used where cables aren't realistic.
We studied this in IC design.
This is absolutely a cop out 'but I'm technically right guys!!!' answer. Why did you not respond to the valid criticism that the issue wasn't with the very specific technicalities of your assumed thought experiment and rather that you both clickbaited AND presented your video in such a way that would give the average viewer the FALSE impression that the transient voltage from the initial E field is the primary way in which the electricity in which their house and everyday experience works. You went over the line with this and I think you know that based off how you sound in the (selected) clip at the end of the video.
I love watching videos like these and by the end of them realize I literary still understand nothing of the subject matter.
Tesla already showed us this.. electric fields transmit electricity. Wardcliff tower.. so whats new here.. or are people just slow in getting it.. lol
So if you had a circuit that went to the sun and back but was only one meter wide, and put a light bulb both at the end (the farthest part away, near the sun), it would take longer to light up than if it was one meter away, on the other side of the loop, bc the magnetic field wld reach it first?
One can only just lay back and eat pop corn
42!!
According to this analisys, lights in a house are always on, even when switched off, because you can think of AC voltage as the voltage produced by a battery being periodically invented by means of switches (add a low pass filter if you really want a sine wave rather than a square wave). I'm gonna save a lot of power from now on, just need to convince my wife lights are actually on :-)
Beautiful illustrative video about the fields. Great work. Now please explain why did you use a waveguide (hollow copper tube) isntead of a wire and why the experiment probably wouldn´t  work with a real wire.
16:02 is what nails down the issue: when 2 points are disconnected in a circuit it means that there is virtually  ∞ impedance between them. In Derek's example this is not the case. The misconception can  be summed up in the fact that a circuit diagram doesn't necessarily reflect the way the circuit looks like but rather it is an impedance graph.
When I last took a science class they still thought we lived in a particle universe instead of a wavy universe.
This was amazing. Not only for the scientific discovery value, which is splendid. But for me, the biggest impact is the commentary it can promote about how we go about understanding & explaining phenomena. It shows us that sometimes, useful explanations which result in abstracted equations that may be incredibly useful in driving progress, can utterly block us from making deeper discoveries of ultimate truth. This is important science.
at 14:30, what happens if the circuit is broken at the far end like you describe at 13:20? If the circuit is not completed, no current can flow and you don't get a field.
11:39 This really contradicts your first statement at 2:30. The magnetic field does not know how much current the bulb requires, it follows transmission line theory. With wires 3 meters apart, it has around 200 ohm of impedance, which is too much for any light bulb to light up  As you see in the simulations, the current though the other wire stays very low until the field has passed around a few times.  You could lower the impedance by making the wires very thick, but your original statement showed it as wires. (and did not give the impedance (inductor values and capacitors) of the long wires)
This is what the internet is for - gathering smart people for debates while teaching others. Great stuff.
Mrs Richards: "I paid for a room with a view !"   Basil: (pointing to the lovely view) "That is Torquay, Madam."   Mrs Richards: "It's not good enough!"   Basil: "May I ask what you were expecting to see out of a Torquay hotel bedroom window? Sydney Opera House, perhaps? the Hanging Gardens of Babylon? Herds of wildebeest sweeping majestically past?..."   Mrs Richards: "Don't be silly! I expect to be able to see the sea!"  Basil: "You can see the sea, it's over there between the land and the sky."   Mrs Richards: "I'm not satisfied. But I shall stay. But I expect a reduction."   Basil: "Why?! Because Krakatoa's not erupting at the moment ?
The electric youtubers gang up on Veritasium haha 😂
This made my nerdy heart explode: the clarity, tact, and thoroughness of his response. Veritasium is king.
Nah, they just hate the 12M subs XD...
AaaaaRrrrrrrrrrrgggggggjhhhhhhhhhh
So, if the circuit was open at either end, the bulb would turn off after that initial tiny power transfer.
I apologize if this is an ignorant question but we're these the concepts that Tesla was exploring?
Hi Mr Veratasium  Do a clip on.Why if I shoot a target at a 1000m with a rifle that shoots at 1000ms don't I miss the target by 460m at the equator. The coriolis force is minimal on a bullet. Crimea war proved that.
this is a prime example of "if you don't know the answer, say something you know is wrong and get corrected"
You scienced by mistake.
this actually explain a recent problem I experienced. all the lights in my house turn on by themselves but when the outside light is off none of them will turn off. because the source  of the 1 powered wire is turned off wich is laying next to the other wires and when it gets charged in the cercuit the rest of them gets field conducted power
I would love to see this same experiment (and simulations) done with a 50-Ohm coax cable and RF energy (i.e. radio transmission) and show the effect of a BALUN on the field strength.
So if the circuit is not closed, the light bulb emits light anyway?
It's just like Murphy's law: he posted incorrect/ incomplete information online and everyone else on the internet corrected him.
this explanation also provides insight on Atenna operation !!!
does this mean the two wires don't have to be connected
idk ask zeus mate
What energy is the field carrying?
Hi, i am looking your videos from Russian, and I want say thank you very much
He should explain why he uses a waveguide instead of a very long cable. It is an important topic... This video still needs more details to be rigorous.
this is a disstrack
well answer this what if it was a square 1 light second what would happen also light isnt the fastest thing in the universe our meager brains cant compute beyond it keep in mind light is material it needs a medium to travel through IE space which gravity dictates study gravity and light speed becomes a joke also this is the fanciest video to show inductance imagin what Nikola tesla couldev invented had he could see electricity ID love to see wut electricity actually looks like stop wasting time studying light it has to adhere to physics instead study gravity .
No matter however you explain, my brain is trying to figure out why Am watching this video! 🤔
@Veritasium, to complete this explanation, how does energy get transferred as explained with quantum mechanics? You explained that magnetic fields are a result of relativity effects on electric fields. But what are electric fields physically? Aren’t they just photons? So do “photons” carry the energy by moving in the direction of the pointing vector?
Great Explanation  What people don't understand is if electrons move and carry energy they loose energy in our device so they should lag and there is a charge separation btwn source and device...now charge separation is never spontaneous you need energy...but here energy is released by source and charge separation occurs ..which is quite wrong.... Electrons are just like water in a wave .. they just act as medium of transfer of energy....either way energy transfers in free space but our devices need physical Friction of e hence the wire.. it's just like there is always gravity due to moon acting on us but for producing electricity we need waves to generate tidal electricity...
This is quite electrifying to watch
you gotta understand physics if you love electricity.
Much better, but your main misleading part was saying the power delivered to my house is direct from the substation (line of sight).  I'm so far from the substation that even though the transmission lines zig-zag, the time to get any measurable power follows the zig zag.   There's no experiment I can perform to pick up current from the distant sub station directly due to distance.  That said, back in the 1960s, a farmer was caught powering his entire farm from the high-tension lines on his property.  He basically used the powerful electric and magnetic fields from the lines to create a voltage difference in a close but fully separate set of wires, I believe in his barn.  He got away with it for years until an engineer finally decided to run down the odd voltage drop on the line and then they sued the crap out of him.  Moden monitoring systems will pick up the power loss immediately so don't try it unless you want the authorities to be asking you very hard questions.   Nonetheless Maxwell's equations are the basis for all this.
so what your saying is simply by rearranging your same wire length so that the light and switch are furthest from each other the time to power on is longer. Judging by the simulation it would appear that you don't get full electrical force until the field follows the wire, so what you're experiencing is more akin to induction similar to how a transformers windings operate. It reminds me of other interesting electromagnetic effects. You should have shown what happens when you open the circuit back up, how the collapse of the electric field generates its own counter force, really brings the understanding full circle.
This is the best scientific method mic drop I have ever seen.
Oh my god so for the first time in 28 years I started feeling like I actually understood what Electricity is. Your very first video on he topic threw me off completely and I went brain dead 😬😬😬 Now I feel smrt!
Ok, I think I have a super basic knowledge base knowledge and understanding of the point of the video, but going off this, would it be possible to place two parallel wires so far apart that the magnetic field isn’t able to jump the wires and force it to run across the traditional wires the way we would normally expect in day to day ways? And the same question arises if we put an insulator to block all the fields from effecting the other wire, would it still be able to use the same logic because there’s something I’m missing? Or is this just a quirk with how some looped circuits work that doesn’t apply to all circuits
Yes, you can measure a "small" electric field through the 1m distant wire due to the "inductive field" but it will depend of the flowing current through the switch when you close it and the bulb current will be a fraction of it. There is a tool called "reflectometer" that can measure the length of a wire (and more information) without unrolling it by applying a voltage only on one side of a pair of conductors (and probably between earth and a single conductor), maybe can you try to explain how it works.
6:30 — This is the key point in the video and it seems glossed over. Why does the 'electron sea' contract or expand along the whole of the wire at the speed of light when the battery is inserted?! 🤷
Very well done follow-up video, but I still didn't get one of my first questions answered in it, at least experimentally.  According to how I understand your conclusion, the geometry is extremely important.  However, you, and at least all of the response ones that I've seen so far are essentially doing the same layout of the load and battery/switch 1 meter apart, and the loops going off into the distance.  Based on my understanding, that suggests that if you instead put the battery and switch on the left side of the diagram, and the bulb at the right side, that it should take about 1 second to get that initial capacitance based power (since you said that each lobe is 1/2 light second away from the center point), and then another additional second or so for the current to finally traverse the wire and set up the surface charges for the field.  Is this correct?  This was touched on a little bit when you were sliding the switch around at 11:50, but I guess I was hoping to see this experimentally shown too.
You guys got the story mode down perfect =] the ups, the downs, the climax. Hehe shockingly not bad =p
It is definitely electromagnetic fields that transfer the power, how do people think transformers work on the power grid? I can't believe so many people have forgotten about a device we have had not only since nearly the very beginning of the use of electricity, but also something so prevalent across all country's power grids. The input and output of a transformer are not connected at all except by an electromagnetic field. When you have a coil of wire it creates a larger electromagnetic field as well around it, and when the power on the circuit collapses that field collapse creates a huge voltage spike as it transfers all that stored energy back through the circuit. These are some pretty basic things, and I find it strange that so few seem to know them.
This concept is why one individual got sued by a power company and lost.  He had setup field collectors under power transmission wires and was powering his HOUSE without being connected to the grid physically at all.  He lost because the power company proved that the field was where the energy was flowing and not the wires themselves.  This is the basis to starting antenna propagation theory.  You pretty much have to understand this to even attempt to understand antenna propagation because it's basically extending the field until the energy breaks loose from the field and floats free.  This is why Derek was worried that radio waves would interfere with his project.  And they certainly could have if there was a powerful WiFi signal nearby.   There was a project, I believe in California, where they used microwaves to transmit energy from mountain top to mountain top without wires.  It was successful, however they had issues with the signal killing anything that crossed the signal such as birds.  Nikola Tesla experimented with this extensively.  He had a theory that there was so much energy in the "field" all around us that you could create a field collector that would gather enough electricity to power houses, and even cars.  There ARE ways to do this and small field generators have been created that will collect power from the environment without moving parts.  Would love to see you do a video on these kind of generators.  There is someone out there who created a field collector from a large sheet of copper and powered a small motor.  I'm sure you could do this and explain it much better.  😁
I think a simpler and still accurate explanation is... by connecting two wires to a power source, a potential difference (difference in charges) is created in the other 2 ends of the wires.   If a bulb is connected,  the potential difference will try to balance balance out, hence, creating the flow of current and lighting the bulb.
actually , using a light and a battery confuses the matter drastically  , and the thought electrons are energy is evidently   confusing , using a needle to show kinetic energy and moving a magnet would keep things visible and understandable  , you would also see much clearer the lag and resistance aswel as the capacitance of the bodies conducting the  current energy is a river  so only the gravity shows the true energy
Is  this evidence of a ether as tesla spoke  of
The one thing i know is universal between AC/DC is that it's always drawn and is not pushed as many think. And touching live AC really only becomes dangerous when you're grounded. Or shorting the circuit
I have a new respect for my ever ready AA
This is the principle that Tesla ray gun worked on. 💪.  Hand me the bird feed.
I am Blown away!!!🤯🤩
Wires get warm with current..   that's where the voltage drop is, that us where energy is transferred.
electrons are field sources, the electric field is not separate from the electron, they are wavicles.  the electron and the photon are both very mysterious, one has no mass and the other has no size ahahaha
In terms of practical and theoretical use, say I use the  simple circuit you have created. However, imagine I'm trying to power an excessive load well beyond the limits of the conductors, in this instance given it's the electric field creating the impulsive force to 'push' an electron. Shouldn't we be able to work out precisely where this kinetic energy within the conductor will cause heating and eventual melting? Let's also assume this circuit is in the million volt range and a part of the circuit melts away, in this region what is causing this arc to continue (assuming it will) and flow through the rest of the conductor? how does the electrical field interact here?   I love theories and the theoretical questions from it.   Given that it is the electrical field to carry the energy we require at what point do we no longer need a physical conductor? (i.e transmission over distance)
I.. uh... completely got the point of the first video. You know. The point that we think about electricity wrong. Weird that people went after the demo circuit instead of the actual point of the video.
Thanks for making another video, it takes a great man to admit he was wrong and make it right.
If you use LED, LED will blow after the current reaches...
You would think I’d be smarter after watching this….but you’d be wrong. Guess that’s why I’m a civil engineer
Me :- watched the full video but doesn't even know what does C stands for in 1m/c
This class was so much harder than calculus
electrical theory is a huge key to the physics of the universe. love seeing things progress.
If we would hawe a circuit on top of circuit contering the flow of the 1 circuit would it make the current faster whit magnetism as a containing counter counter forse?
Great video... until you used masking tape instead of electrical tape. For shame! lol
I'm just really glad you showed the Alpha Pheonix experiment since I'm sure he put so much work into that.
So basically, whenever a conductor is touching a battery pole, all the surface charges rearrange, and once there is current, there is magnetic field, which is as fast as light, and therefore there is current anywhere the field touches?
Wow, I think people need to go relearn the basics
Energy is stored in the fields.
Derek is not merely sponsored by Brilliant - he IS brilliant! This was so ‘illuminating’! 🙃😃
Something we do in the USAF… check for “stray voltage”. We do that after a functional check of an electrical circuit, that we will be inserting an explosive charge, or IMPULSE CART. About the size and shape of a 10 gauge shotgun shell, roughly. Some bigger some smaller, but they all do the same thing. They are electrically primed (have a primer that is electrically sensitive) and will go off with just millivolts. The circuit puts out about 24 volts.  But here is what we found. Voltage was always there, when power was on the aircraft. We discovered nuisance voltage. A 100 ohm resistor in parallel with the meter leads would remove this nuisance voltage and give us a valid reading. Meaning you dont blow your hands off when putting the impulse carts in.
But how long does it take the full amount current/voltage to reach the light bulb?
Bravo my man! You really do a great job!
God is a genius he made everything so easy for us, the way wires naturally distribute current ect
Ok, this was quite helpful for me too. I knew about EMC issues in all time life but also about the delay, electrical signals actually have dependend on wire length, so it left me quite confused. Understanding, that the initial electrical field transmits some of the energy right over before the rest comes in really fixes this knot in my head and I think it brings us all back on the same page. Thanks for this update and also the experiment and real signal-comparison. This helps a ton to put it in perspective and also a ton in servicing faulty electrical systems ;) You rock!
Whoever thinks electricity isn't due to electrons hasn't shuffled across a fluffy carpet on a dry day and then grabbed a metal doorknob on a metal door. Clearly lightening is the equalization of static charges by electron flow thru the air and this electron flow is what generates the magnetic field.
If what you say is true where the fields of the power supply in our homes radiate out and fill out our homes then we are wired to our living spaces and hence that is why these days they know what we are thinking with verbal thinking which is silent self-talk thinking. Your illustration at 14.54 minutes is very interesting where the 3rd cable is us in our living space. Just listening to background noise and noticing the electromagnetic fluctuations of our vocal cords from silent self-talk thinking in it. Also sending us subliminal messages comes in handy for those who want to in various ways. Just listen to tonal modulations in the background noise. All are facilitated by the electrical and magnetic fields that come from our power supply lines.
I am losing my understanding of the video at the speed of the light
they really cyberbullied this man lol
Why do you use normal wires? It seems wire is made of metallic material to increase capacitances. Still seems misleading.
Electromagnetic Fields is taught in Electronic Principles but the surface charge information is something new I've not heard before. This was an AMAZING video.
when you say "current starts to flow", what is current if electrons do not flow at all?  And when you say "the battery moves electrons through the battery"... this doesn't make sense if no electrons are flowing in a circuit... totally confused. so basically, no electrons flow anywhere in a circuit, but electrons flow in a battery one end to the other end??? why so then?
Me, with an Engineering degree in electrical still not getting what's going on:👁️👄👁️
LOL this confusion is what happens when you try to teach engineers Science XD.  They forget that everything they're taught is shorthand, designed to maximise utility over accuracy.  It's great to see you take these criticisms constructively!
WOW - Such a good explanation of Physics books I read that are 'wrong' :) shall I get out my scope ..... nahhh THANKS :)
Too much science. But I am thrilled with the way he teaches and presents with a perfect animation.🔥
Wish to see an experiment with an open circuit, and see how the current arises and drop (and perhaps oscillates for a while as a RC circuit)
The real overlook: "technical authoring courses". This was an amazing succession of events and explanations. This ended up better than the OG video :)
You can get an LED to light up but it will blow up when the full current gets there.  The correct way to look at it is the traces shown on the CRO.  It would be a reasonable assumption that if you have a superconductor wire a bulb and a battery, that the bulb operating voltage was the same as the battery voltage.  So the bulb will light a small amount due to parasitic capacitance and then the full amount when the current has completed the full round trip.
So there's beef between science community on YouTube now lol like the beauty community 😩
Please make a video about baldness, comb overs and other styles to cover the bald spots
Waves are the transferrers of energy... It's crazy that we walked around with radio devices all day transferring energy via fields, but that is still above high school physics. Just learning about non lumped element electricity after college now.
I like the fact that he admitted his mistakes instead of just giving a ton of Excuses..... 😃        Btw, Love from India Bro......🇮🇳🙂
A tank circuit capacitor & inductor, great illustration & the conductor as wave guide, this is huge and its got me thinking! Explains a lot
Still framing it wrong.  It's not about seeing voltage and current.  Or even seeing voltage and current "many orders of magnitude greater than leakage current" or "yes, it will emit light...if you use an LED [and don't discriminate between 'emit light' and 'emit its normal/rated quantity of light']".   If you want to make a nontrivial claim, it would be that you'll see peak/stable voltage and current at time=1/c seconds, and/or "yes, it will emit as much light as your bulb will normally produce when on".  Anything short of that and you're basically just taking the concept of EMI and making it way more confusing than it has any right to be.  Propagation of the electrical signal along the wire creates an electromagnetic field orthogonal to the wire, which induces a small (as in, "far more than leakage but far less than peak") sympathetic current through the load; and that's no big deal.  So I guess...make the nontrivial claim, or don't pretend like the original claim was correct in the way that people were invited to interpret it.
Good grief! I'm sure I learned all that in college, but it didn't really sink in until you stirred up this hornet's nest. Nice job reeling it all in.
Man, you are really reaching, here. You're comparing the EMF to conductors. I think you're making the extremely common mistake, confusing the force with the field. Are they related? Of course!!! Are they comparable in magnitude?! NO WAY!!! Not in this application. I think you should give up on trying to salvage this one. Yes, there are electrons throughout the entire circuit, at all times. Electrons are energy, which travel through the EMF. That field is not "created." It is induced, like all other EM on this planet. We do not create anything, when it comes to electricity. It's already there. The planet is one big battery, which is our main source for electricity. Generators don't generate electricity. They induce it from the EMF of the Earth. You're still making this much more complicated than it needs to be.
Seriously why do they still use this dumb model of electrons flowing from the negative terminal of a battery? The flow goes from the positive side... Batteries are labeled incorrectly and have been forever... Electrons are inherently negative but the charge is flowing from the "positive" side of the battery... Smh...
Have you ever thought about the Earth's flux? There are many variables to consider about your theories, because within the realm of AC and DC it affects the outcome of your theory and is in fact drawing on your power. This is just a thought of a non intelligent individual. Just something that I've been working on and would like to take some of my theories to the Earth's equator...
Too bad no one bet you 10 grand this time
I've contacted Biden's Ministry of Truth to have this video removed. It is so wrong on so many levels.
That's a nice explanation but it still sounds like a theory to me.
So, the far ends of the wires are actually the last of the conductor to have the current reach it? And the electromagnetic forces surrounding the switch once the circuit is closed makes the current hit the other side of the wire--as well as the resistor/lightbulb---first? So then what would the answer to the question be if instead of having the lightbulb 1 meter away on the other side, it is on the very end of one of the sides of the 300,000km long wires? Would it be 300,000km/C? I'm starting college and my electrical engineering major next fall so I figure I should at least know wtf electricity actually is and how it acts lol. Any responses are welcome and appreciated, thank you.
Maybe the reason quartz crystal can spark is proof of what you say?
So..... now i need a good explanation of what an electric field is.
Science in action.
@13:15   , if you could pulse a field relative to the size of the detached wire, could you keep it from losing charge and make it useful to power objects, such as a light?
You didn’t explain why you didn’t use a DPST switch or why you show resistance in the superconducting circuit.
Great attitude to have about offering an incomplete explanation of a concept. I think a secret head-fake lesson you've taught us is how to learn from mistakes as a learning opportunity, which can help keep people learning instead of thinking they're "bad" for not fully understanding it.  Love the positivity, and as always thank you for the top notch explanations of the things in our world.
If this is true. I am even more confused on how computers work. So if electricity flows like this, how on earth do billions, trillions of nano scale transistors work when they are completely absorbed in an electric field. Would that not simply make all advanced electric circuitry impossible?
Check out video Royal Institute Dr.David Tong  if you should have any more questions about the fields. Mind Blowing.
Worried about nothing. You do great work!
Yes that video has been stuck in my head as rubbish for a long time LOLOLOL  These discussions are great to gain better understanding and perhaps socially bump into new techniques. That would be the cherry on top. Like wireless electrical transport and turn the planet into a dynamo for instance for free electricity from the planet's momentum  I'm a mechanic and network engineer myself. For light and analog systems it's mostly fine however with highly finetuned coaxial networks for digital Gbit signals on ultra high frequencies disruptions of magnetism has a huge influence in the end result. Ingress by other radio/electrical/magnetic and even heat can have disastrous results for the carrier for the digital signal. Analog pirate radio stations can disrupt digital TV and internet hard depending on the frequencies used. Also an example of what you where trying to tell. Stability of magnetic field around the shielded wires and equipment for DTV and internet is just as important and stand tall next to having a good network. The same goes for letting a light bulb emit light, however effects go mostly unnoticed.  There's much to be explored in this area where Nicolai Tesla left us with amazing unanswered question he had the answer to
A young electrical engineer named Ben WATT SON sounds like a bad fiction writer made him up
This was another great video! I learned so much.
Another interesting circuit will be with a big solenoid and a light in series which delays the on and off of the light
The important question for me is...  does the electron travel through the cable or it is kinetic energy transported from one vibrating atom to an another atom through a field?
It's cool watching an actual simulation in a time interval of Maxwell's equations in action. That would be impossible years ago.  Now i can watch how the entire thing actually works, i wonder how it would look with AC instead of DC.
I love the way you addressed the fact that this was a thought experiment. I found it very frustrating that people felt the need to impose engineering assumptions and argue about leakage currents when one can plainly see that they are tangential to the fundamental question of how energy gets from battery to bulb.
Amazing
The electrons are not free moving like you illustrated. They are in a shell and can easily move to another atoms shell, when in a conductor. In an insulator, it cannot move easily. And they dont actually hit ions.  Oh yeah, nitpicker
Who thinks this stuff while switching on off bulb switch 😂
After so many years I would think the way electricity works is pretty clear to scientists . Guess not
Now I think you should do one with a superconductor wall running in between it
This is a complete bullsh*t. In an open circuit, no matter how long or short the wire is or the distance between the switch and the bulb, the electromagnetic field doesn't flow unless you're working with huge voltages and small interruptions of the wire, then the circuit will be closed by an electrical arc. The time difference between closing the switch and lightning the bulb is almost instant because the field could be compared with a rope with no elasticity. When you draw one end of the rope, the force would be transmitted almost instantly to the other end.
As engineers of course we all know this - that the energy is present as an EM field. If this were not the case a transformer could never work! However I think the problem you have with convincing people of this are down to  the assumptions you have left out of your original video - namely that it would need to be a very low resistance superconductor for the length of wires you are talking about?  Also, because the model 'looks' like a 'sort of' transmission line, you should have at least illustrated the differences between transferring energy over significant distances - and your model where the energy actually travels just 1 meter from source to destination, despite the massive length of the wires in your explanation - where no normal resistance losses are assumed to be present.. This new video explaining what you were NOT claiming (i.e. what you left out) is a far better explanation than your original one. I have watched several of your videos and have had similar feelings - that they could all be explained much more effectively via obvious comparison? I'm not sure if this is due to a desire to make the videos shorter, or indeed to provoke thought (or indeed controversy) on the part of the audiences? However I have found comparison is a really effective way of focussing people's thoughts on the subject in hand 🙂
Question. So does it mean that if I get a LED near an active circuit (without connecting it), it could spontaneously light up?
A NOBLE response to the engineers!
My life has been a lie
Makes you wonder what these fields are doing to the electrons in our brains
I have some vague memory of how the surface charges point was discovered in the late 1800s with what was referred to as power of conical tips. To create sparks etc
Nerd fight!!!! Yeah!! ::gets popcorn::
I took electromagnetics in college for my Electrical Engineering degree and we learned about surface charges... Especially when dealing with transmission lines on pcbs...
yıllardır aradığım sorunun cevabı
I think that everything worked out for the better, with having this 'drama' (idk if I should call it that) you made others step in to try give a good explanation which probably reached out to more people and made the ones who knew about the video but didn't watch it, actually invest to learn what's it about
Absolute fantastic video, the part about causality absolutely blew my mind. I would've said with full confidence that if the circuit were open, nothing would've happened but I understand now why this isn't the case. I just would've liked to see your test setup prove this and show how that initial current (1) was there as well even when the circuit was open and (2) how long that initial current would've lasted before it dissapeared.   I studied electrical engineering and I'm happy to keep on learning. Thank you  for sharing knowledge.
Finally a worthy controversial debate.
Wow! This makes perfect sense the more you think about it. Simply an angle that wasn't deemed worth the time to explain neither in high school nor in College. So refreshing and kudos to you Derek for your resilience, patience and clarity. Can't wait for your future videos.
So the initial energy spread starts not necessarily from the battery, but from the _switch_ or whatever the last break in the circuit to be closed is, with the battery "priming" the circuit from wherever it's connected such that that would be what would happen. Brilliant. (Literally, of course.)
This was amazing. I’m a mechanic and work with electrical circuits all the time and I never knew this. my college just taught us that electrons move through the circuit
holy volts! what if this is what tesla meant by saying something like create a tower to power up any electronic device wireless and energy efficient, if current doesnt need to travel through wires anything is possible.
17:17 AMAZING! that was so simple yet so elegant that everything clicked as a visual representation of how everything is fundamentaly working hahahaha this was a fantastic thing to experienece tonight thanks again
cheeeeeeeeeers! hahahaha everyone always wants ot find a way to poke a big name to take some spotlight for thermselves nad while im sure alot of these brillient people offering critique are right, i just hope most of thme are doing it with genuine love for science and not just trying to find logical loopholes that they know theyre exagerating to make a point. thanks for ANOTHER VIDEO ON IT WOOO! its suuuuuuuuuuch a cool theoretical thing but yeah idk guess theres always alot ot explain so that everyone cna be on the same page about it woo
Damn new electricity lore dropped ⚡️
Makes me want to think of quantum entanglement for some reason
wonderful video
Still all wrong xDDD go back to school
Does the fluid transfer the power in hydraulics even though it never completes a circuit? It's like he's deliberately being obtuse.
Very fast scopes. Pulls out cheap Tektronix lunchbox scope
There is no way people don't know how current flows and they are still making response videos. I wonder why people have misconception no 2. Electricity is result of electric potential difference across two ends.
Great, now explain AC VS DC or how AC is alternating current VS just flowing down the wire.
Sounds logical to me
Fantastic ... and the great thing is that we ALL should know that from the start We are taught in the first physics classes that what causes motion is the potentials, they cause the forces... so, in this case, the fields are what matters...
The number of "smart" people criticizing Veritasium who apparently would not have passed my high school physics class is insane!
The Big Clive clip forced me to pause to laugh, I just wasn't expecting it and his style is one that I find humorous.
As a victim of the soviet education system, I never doubted Veritasium's conclusion from the first video. Energy is being carried by the field after all, directly through space. Strange it got so many people stumped.
Wonderfully explained! The problem that they encounter is a failure to connect the dots (weakness in academics). Magnetic induction create an EMF at a distance. I do that with air core coils. Much lesser known is electrical induction. I generate that one with a neon (not connected to anything) and my Van Der Graaf (100,000 V). Both are awesome fun!  Connecting dots; 1- EMF is voltage = pressure that moves electrons at a distance - THROUGH AIR OR SPACE (see STS 75 the theter in space). Correct; it works with or without copper wires. 2- photons are the exchange particle for all electro-magnetic phenomena. 3 - photons are massless at un-relavistic (low speed and not in the proximity of a very large mass) frame of reference. 4 - photons is the new "aether" they are everywhere like the air around us. In free space too. Again, they are massless. We don't lean this in school anymore. 5 - F = ma does not apply to photons then.  So, you are completely right, in essence the way I understand it (you explain things so much better than I do) is that when there is a "shake" or a ripple in the sea or photons, these electro + magnetic waves will more electrons regardless of wires - mind you at right angles to each other, but you are correct, this is the true mechanical model of electricity and magnetism.  Imagine, Tesla wrote about WIRELESS transmission of energy, back 100 years ago, and that term and concept finally got through our collective thick heads only a few decades ago. Oh well, eventually it will become self - evident. Looking forward for more from you! Big fan. Cheers!
Me watching the video while being in power cut. Irony
Something I still don't get: Why does the circuit need to be complete for the field to propagate?
I still don't understand how the "small" voltage is sustainable since the field doesn't change. I'd expect a voltage spike, but then nothing. If you had a third wire that isn't connected at the ends, but ran between them so that they were all the same distance, what would you expect to see on the scope for that wire?
Your video exposed the arrogant boobs of YouTube
That's the nicest micdrop I've seen.
Tesla proved wires aren't necessary
Folks who play with radio waves an antenna understand this.
When you watch Veritasium videos, you must understand that he is an educator. He did not make a mistake in the first video. He explained it correctly. (I have 2 engineering degrees, one in electrical). These concepts are hard to visualise without knowing the maths (Maxwell equations, etc). If you want to fully understand this, you may spend around 2 decades studying maths and physics.
That whole unfolding of events, "drama", was very constructive and interesting. I'm really glad you rectified the explanations, and acknowledge the errors. I'm learning about electromagnetism, in a French prepschool, and this helped me understand !
Why were the electrical engineers refuting this. I did not complete  My Beng Electrical but is this  not what is taught in electromagnetics ?
Excellent, I love your work !
This feels so defensive lol
I need to watch this several more times to even hope to grasp what's going on but I have some follow up questions: In this context, what is difference between conductor, semiconductor and isolator? Why SURFACE of the conductor?  And source of electric field is always present in fact there is many of them all over the place, what makes closing a circuit special? Maybe they were already answered I need to watch this video again and read comments.
very good job man
Thanks Derek, you are an eye opener.
This is more a question to you.  Do you think possible to transport energy from a satellite to earth via signal ?  If yes what would the signal look like ?  Tks for your great work  Mamadou
I think it would make more sense to repeat the thought experiment with a double switch: when the circuit is open the battery should be detached from both wires. In this way you avoid to have to explain two things at the same time
Rather than presenting each video as if it is you making pronouncements because you know everything, it would be MUCH more useful if you were always to cite your sources, and quote directly from them. Tell us where you turned for your research, and why you chose those references. Teach your audience how to do science.
You said that the light bulb would glow regardless of whether the circuit is complete or not(13:01) but in real life, we need a closed circuit for the bulb to glow
Smart people drama that actually makes sense
Help explain creation of electric dipoles a d monopoles by rubbing
What are the implications of how data flows through cables??
13:45 reminded me of how transformers work
Hey I was taught flow theory back in 1990...so this was brilliant. The first video, the following community comments and with their own explanations and demonstrations ...and finally this video. Excellent 👍
My whole life was a lie :)
so why can’t we use a compass to indicate positive or negative of the battery?
The amount of vitriol that surrounded all this was astonishing. It's nice to see a follow up clarification that was not interested in firing back said vitriol.
i love this 2parter so fkn much thx derek
I am sorry, this is very misleading.  When Derek shows an LED being lit by a 4ma current he passes over that the 4ma of  current is only for a few ns.  Let me say that again. NANO seconds.   The LED will never glow enough for humans to actual see it in a pulse that is just a few NANO seconds.   This experiment/circuit cannot light up a bulb like he shows.  This is boarding on fraud.  Please come clean and explain.   Losing all respect for Veritasium.
im so confused
A friend of mine with a PhD in electrical engineering said this:  "...my issues with the video are [these]:  Neither of these explanations work for DC. DC has weird high voltage  loss function that is related. The light mostly shows voltage but not current intensity."  I don't think I understand what she means but if anyone wants to help me get it, that would be cool.
There will always be a control group
Just say Perpetuum Mobile! Nikola Tesla! Perpetual motion!
A tad late here, but good informative video. It would have been interesting to run the test with different between the long sides. Increasing the spacing will obviously increase the time delay until voltage appears across the resistor and I’d think, but don’t know, would probably decrease the initial voltage drop.  Also, measure what happens when the circuit is open. How long does it take for the initial transient to decay to zero. Say hi to Physics Girl.
Many element are missing electrons in outer shells if electrons carry current then those should get their shells completed
Kess e5tak shu sa2eel
Hey that was great improvement. (y) It makes far easier to grasp idea of first video which got maybe too much legitbait. I mean lot of stuff on channel is quite clever just sometimes it gets lost in translation or just sounds inaccurate so clarification is quite apreciated.
These types of fights ist benchers did in my class.. at end we just copied who win this battle
😭😭😭Even with all the animations and my High School A in Physics I still cant understand what is happening🤣🤣and scrolling through the comment section its like I'm the only one floating through the video😅😅Are people this bright or is it me that is dumb
Some day these back and forth videos should be shown in school as the embodiment of the scientific method.  The whole process is a public facing version of the entire peer review process and how different scientists have different ideas but eventually everyone boils down arguments and everyone gets a little closer to the truth.
It dawned on me when the capacitor were brought in.  不得不说引入电容确实佐证了“用原件来说明电路非常的好使”，一下子就让因果论的问题变得更容易解释了。
"Pfft and who helped you set this up?"  "Oh, Richard works at LIGO. Perhaps you've heard of it?"
Do you remember Tesla?
The magic of hysteresis and magnetic fields.
Thumbnail; are you not entertained meme
Wait. Now, I'm confused. All of the circuits shown have the wires close together. Wouldn't this mean that if the wires were far enough apart, like perhaps the circumference of the Earth, with a massive enough impedance between them, then the electric field would not be able to interact in this way?
Light speed is only a rate of induction, that's why we have electric retardation and the light moves at different speeds depending the medium. The magnetic field is a stir, a disturbance of the medium, the aether or quantum field.
Clearly this demonstrates that you need to make more mistakes. :)
there was a guy the used a 1km long wire in a response to your video and showed that electrons pile up as a wavefront and get that gets pushed forwards after closing the switch. it toke like 3 microsecond or so to turn on the light. Not using software, just a 1gHz scope.  the original video was about 2 x 300.000km cable in length and it should have taken 2 seconds, now you actually say 2 seconds.
Sir, I really love your contents. But, can you make some videos on astrophysics- like you used to make.
Electricity is a nano vibration in one direction in a conductor. If a nano vibration occurs in a multiple directions , it is so called Braun movement, which heats conductor ending damaging material.
*TUBE AMP BUILDERS* and designers had NO problem with this - if you have ever built a tube amp, you know all about fields inducing voltage in other wires...
What i wondered about the most, was why would You build Your model so high above the ground and force Yourself to use a ladder.... All jokes aside - You are the best! =)
damn, how conveniently they teach half truthful knowledge in school.
Yourroblem is in your claim that the field itself wireless.y transmission the power to the bulb, implying it bypass the wire and that the arrangement of wires doesn't matter.  Dude even wireless charging requires a complete closed circuit at the end for it to work ... you once again included an error in your video
excuse my english, it isn't perfect yet. by the way, if you don't mind, would you do the same experiment using DC source?.
Now do the experiment with the 3rd wire to show the field turning on a light on a circuit that is not connected
"For illustrative purposes only" sounds like BS to me.  Just say you are wrong when you're wrong.
This is hurting my brain. Now I have a headache.  Liked and subscribed!
Love your channel!
Being an Audiophile I am less interested in how this works with an ON/ OFF pulse. But how this works with a dynamic, constantly changing signal with some very high current at times. And where the load is much closer to the wire's resistance at times. How to coherently get a transient to the load. There is a real battle going on in the industry regarding cables. There could even be considerations of needing the amp to be centered to the speakers for timing.
... it's ALL about fields!
Im glad for lumped components, otherwise we have to be really good at math. Thats a quite interesting video, maybe we should get back to the maxwell equations, not for all, but for the master students in engineering.
really like your videos. I listen while I work. I wish they last 12 hours... greetings from Peru
Never knew this before very interesting!
Really have to say people do look like cretising others with when you have a little bit of knowledge about a particular subject,
Very fun vid! Made me smart enough to watch it again🤣🤣🤣
I love how much drama this series has caused amongst science youtubers hahahaha
So, basically you've got it wrong. Still a nice way to make a lot of people start thinking and discussing.
Great!
Holy crap. Nikola Tesla was right!
Yes you thought us to think outside the box thank you
It's strange to think 2 decades ago this was taught on electricians courses in the UK, at the time it was the foundation of Electronics and Electrician courses so the end qualification people had regardless of which finishing field was Electrical Engineers. Sadly it's not taught in as many vocational colleges or universities now as it's no longer deemed required knowledge.
2:38 4:38 5:15 5:46 6:30 9:20
You deserve a Nobel prize
another great video! Year after year you're still the best for this kind of content. Thank you Derek!
this was very impressive.  Good work.
Just like in the Propeller Craft video, I am now fully convinced that Derek INTENTIONALLY, PURPOSELY creates misleading stuff by providing inefficient explanations to his claims to stir up the attention & argument of the audience. And just like that Propeller Craft, he introduced a second video, fully explaining it and admitting his "mistake" at the end. I don't like the way he does that.
Just like transistor theory no one really knows😎
There is a big difference between transmission via radio waves and transmission along wires. Maybe technically they are the same thing, but it's not conceptually useful to mix the ideas together. I think that this saga has created more confusion than it has ameliorated. Interesting and well-made videos as always though 👍
cierren el canal
Ok.  So to extend this model of the electrons being pulled by the electromagnetic forces. Does this mean that rise-time, over and under shoot of a circuit is actually the result of accelerating and decelerating the elections too and from the speed of light.  They have mass and the resistance is like the coefficient of friction.  ???
You also inadvertently explained why we use shielding on wires to pretect them from signal noise generated from other nearby wires
Veritasium just being Galaxy brain using Cunningham's Law
This explains why when I turn off my  fan, the speakers in my room make a slight clicking sound
So TL;DR, inductance exists.
This whole video can be summarized in 1 word: "sit"
Great follow-up video! Very professional and humble of you to admit mistakes made in the first video. And I think after watching the 2nd video I really understand what you were trying to explain in the 1st video. So thank you for taking the time to make the follow-up video.
Good now lefts fix the split slit experiment.  Surface charge interference
This perfectly demonstrates Charles Steinmetz's description of how electricity works. You can see on the oscilloscope the bump in voltage continues for the same amount of time after the rest of the current reaches the resistor. For that time, the voltage across the resistor was raised by that initial voltage. This illustrates a displacement current from the change of dielectric field created by the switch. There are actually three different kinds of current: Electric Current (current that flows in conductors), Magnetic Current (current that flows in ferrous materials) and Displacement current (current that flows in insulators). In order for an electric current to flow, both magnetic and electric fields must be together and in the correct phase. An electric current is capable of delivering power to a load (capable of doing work). You can induce and electric current via magnetic or dielectric fields but those fields cannot directly do work on a load unless converted into either an electric current or mechanical motion first. That's why wires are used for circuits because it keeps both the magnetic and dielectric fields around the wire where you want them.
@Veritasium, @4:01 you know that the Electric field "IN" the wire is ZERO! Can you elaborate on that?, such as are you talking about the "Electric Field" on the surface of the wire?
I want to know how the circuit works it if it was a giant circle and not parallel conductors? What if we had a universe between the conductors? Do we still have field interaction?
Derek and Steve Mould and all of the youtubers engaged in this principled debate on YouTube make me extremely happy that scientific debate is being elevated again to high standards of rigor, integrity and decency, and in an accessible and entertaining way that can only serve humanity in a positive way.
Oops...Sorry I commented on the original video without looking. Thanks for revisiting. We are safe again in the smoko room minefield. For now.......
The resistor would get the same initial voltage step if belonging to another circuit. Initially the the voltage over the resistor is a secondary effect from the sudden short circuit over the switch and how distributed capacitance over the conductor discharges and causes an electromagnetic wave out from the short circuit along the wire and in the air in all directions.  Accidently the resistor and the circuit is hit by the airborne wave, but calling it a circuit is a bit to early as nothing has yet propagated along the line. You could call it "overhearing".  I think the experiment is interesting, but is greatly confused by involving the transient and resulting wave when two charged infinite wires are interconnected.
I still have an open point. How is it, that charges on the surface on the conductor are present although there should be no net charge if you average over any volume of the conductor? So if I average over a slice of conductor carrying negative voltage on its surface, where should that compensating positive charge be?
again:. you fall in your onw lie and underknowledgment., DONT SPREAD BS!
And what if you use a fluid instead of wires; if you use a fluid current must flow through water without forming a magnetic field, so light bulb should take time before lighting up?
I don’t understand one thing; if electrons travel due to magnetic field; why if you put two wires connected to a lightbulb nearby anotherone the second doesn’t light up
I had to take an Adderall for this video.
Made a subscriber out of me. Awesome video
Interesting way to look at it, can someone please explain how earthing works with this view of electricity.
I thought it said _conceived_ I was like 🥲
Electrons be zoomin'. All you need to know.
Lightning?
Why was the circuit set up so high off the the ground?
I watched the two videos, and I guessed the question the first time right. - Guessed, not knew -. The explanation was clear to me, the first one and the second one with the aid of others. I really uderstand the flow of electrons better now, and understand better why my musical gear makes noise whatever I try to avoid that.
Electroboom cracks me the hell up
Fantastic video and well done explanations, but I am not convinced on one detail: the load impedance should be the same as the line impedance to maximise energy transfer, not double, otherwise reflections are created. For example, doing high-frequency PCB design you use all components, tracks and power supplies of the same impedance (famous 50 Ohm).
I understand nothing... And it's ok I guess
This is all well and good, but nobody can yet explain how a transformer works.
You lost me at "hello".
Is this why Nikola Tesla tried to create wireless electricity?
Yes. But light-sabers. Do you have a video on those? I want to see those simulations.
Hello Dr. Derek Muller!! Genuinely curious - does this have any significant implications on the contemporary understanding of biological electrical systems (action potentials, nernst equation, etc) and if so, could you give a run down / ideas?
In other words - wires are antennas
This experiment really sparked a debate!
Thanks for the video
Bro really just closed the door on the haters lmao
It makes a lot more sense that voltage comes from the positive end while electrons come from the negative end if voltage is actually the electric fields.
It would be interesting to club this series with superconductivity and other more interesting physics.
I love these debates
So what you're saying is it's magic?  I'm just going to sneak out the back door on this one
Why use copper pipe instead of wire? That was surely more expensive (unless you had it but not wire laying around) and more labor intensive, so I'm assuming it was to exploit it's properties and amplify the effect you're out to prove. Maybe cool science there worthy of its own short video???
This and the video before should be shown in every HS physics or general science course.
Ben watson's contribution: smile and nod scene one, smile and nod scene 2
This explains so much about electrical noise!
All of the magnetic field stuff makes sense. Think about an electromagnet or putting a florescent light near a Tesla coil.
So, you are wrong still. If you said how long does it take to induce a current, versus the completion of the circuit,  that is two different questions.  Duh, look at the scope,  there is the initial induced bump, followed milliseconds later buy the second step of the full current. Two steps, you think you are tricky?
And the " field " = photons   ;)
What I love is he assumed people would just "GET" his thought process.   Hes so intelligent, he forgets to add minor details to help people catch up.  But whats even more impressive, is he isnt afraid to say hes wrong... or to show How he was wrong and how he was right.   True scientist.
I saved it to my favorites. Best explanation ever! ❤️
My dear friend I really love you I really love your videos I see your authenticity and for me is a very special part of my reality to see your channel I think you are the best of the best YouTubers out there keep going man keep going
Interesting. If the magnetic fields are influencing the electronic charge then why don't the fields cause conflict with devices that have multiple wired circuits? Inductors and capacitors might be what you have explained.
14:45 does this mean that humans experince some sort of electric field no matter how miniscule it is when we are around wifi?
Derek when you assume, you make an ass out of u and me
0:45 "Confusion that I created" Like this is easy to understand when you are slow.
Well they all talking rationally coze i was afraid of one of the guy blowing up the whole 🤣🙏
Sweet when the internet detects crosstalk and makes somehow clickbait out of it.  from 4:37: It is not correct to say that it is not true that electrons push each other throuh the wire. It is exactly like this. The electric field is a consequenc of the gradient of charge density in the conductor. And charge density is determined by electron density in the wire. So when connecting the batterie the electron gas in the wire will be compressed from the minus pole and that compression is transmitted through the repulsion of each electron to the the next one. Also it is an objection if you say charge density is always zero but then u say there is a gradient of charge density. Gradient of charge density means change of charge density over the wire! If there it is somewhere 0 it has to be then somwhere non zeros.  Normaly u would divide that problem into a dc and ac part. DC expections would be that the signal will evolve not with speed of light, but with the specific signal speed of the wire through the wire. The AC (moment of closing the circuit) parts could be explained with the circuit diagram u showed at the end. But in my opionion it should still evolve with the speed of the wire not the speed of light.
0:54 is that sam hyde ?
Mr. Faraday and Mr. Maxwell are turning in their graves with your stupidly simplified theory of the electromagnetic energy.
Congrats mate for perfectly embodying the scientific method. Thanks for not having an academic tantrum & making another video to clarify your position. This is how science moves forward. Cheers
Learned more in these 2 videos than in 5 years of university :D
Dude, you always look like you haven't slept in 3 weeks
So interesting 👌👌👌
Such a beautiful video!!!
20:19 is an essence of this video, and this graph was not properly explained. Yes, we reach 4.8V level after some time, but how long did it take? At the bottom row, you can see that each big square is 50 ns. And the trigger (orange triangle at the top of the graph) starts at 133.44 ns. So, it is around 30 ns to reach 4.8V. Within this time, light makes 10 meters, not one. And when he says, "So everyone agrees that a steady, small, but way bigger than a leakage current flows through the load in the first second" (20:52), Derek pretty much entirely ignores the result of his own experiment. Moreover, the experimental result of Alpha Phoenix, which made much better job in designing, conducting, and explaining his experiment, cannot really support Derek's claim, since his oscilloscope trace does not allow resolving these 3 ns (time the light needs to travel 1m), since his oscilloscope resolution is 1 us/div.   I am not saying that Derek is not right that E/M radiation can be transmitted in free space. I am saying that Derek's experiment does not show what he claims it shows: that a light source would ignite in 3 ns.
GL
So does this mean that for wires to be able to carry more current, they just have to have more surface area? How much would using insulated wire affect the outcome, or does it at all?
Henceforth why wires are insulated on the outside or you would turn on your lamp every time you charged your phone.
*The strange fact that people smarter than me in electricity and electronics, which has millions of subscribers were puzzled by this yet "simple" problem, makes me question about what they talk on their channels. If they don´t know how to explain correctly a simple problem, how can we trust they are correct in explaining some extremely difficult physics problems ?*
This is what peer review means.
Yes  yes... max wells equations and smart stuff. Totally agree.
“Naughty Mr Veritasium has stood on a right hornet’s nest”
I have some questions. So since the electron has to perform work against the Colomb Force. Does that mean that the work would be proportional to their drift velocity and strength of the electric depending on the charge density? Also, if this statement were true, then can it apply to the case of both Maxwell and Guass equations. And how is it possible to get the electrons to reach the velocity of light (299,792,458 meters/second) when they have a relative mass of 0.0005 when by the rules of Special Relativity, it is impractical for an object of mass to reach the velocity of light? Thank You! Have a great day!
This is kinda like: guy that's not an electrical engineer discovers working principle of a transformer in 2022 and wants to sell it as a discovery. Better than the previus try, but he still has really wrong phrasing in his concepts, and some holes in his arguments/explanations.
I need a question answered. Does an airplane lose weight other than the feul. does eating food that was loaded onto the plane reduce the plane's weight in any way?
jeeez dude .....its from the earth....cmon man earth has magnetic fueld...i you dont have magnetic field you dont have no bloddy power...a wire of that size wont light chit.....you are outside of earth magnetic fueld...here we just align a magnetic field that exists and we give it dirrectionn outside in space there is no bloddy field.....the bloddy light bulb cannot light in space...but wait... actually...there is a magnetic field...i mean the suns field...but again its too much wire... its a uselsess invention....also i think it will take too much electrons to fill the damn wire....those electrons wont just apear out of noware.....even the field to make it so big you need allot of power to generate that power you need allot of power...the particles are everywhere...but the thing is use 1 meter wire dont use 100000000km of bloddy wire its so much waste....also no...time is no what you think it is 1 secound is not 1 secound who knows how much 1 secound really is....who told you 1 sec is 1 sec...its no bloddy 1 sec....its a matter of perspective...for some things 1 sec is 10000 years....so no its not 1 to ligth or whatever you sayed becasue we have no bloddy clue how much 1 secound really is...because its not 1 secound...the metrics are not right get it...so its a trick question....in reality time can be bend....and if we based our 1 secound on light there is the dark dark is faster than light or maybe there is super light i dont know...we havent really found out that stuff yet....so no this is wrong its not possible to light in 1and whatever there is because 1 secound is not 1 secound....but yea i get what you mean....also there is energy everywhere...hell if you place rods of copper on every mountain in the planet and just use static or bloddy lightning you have free energy ...tesla was the inventor of that long ago....he wanted to make it i think but got stopped....so yea...its in his papers its just abit hidden....also the + particles move aswell they are not static at all they have rotation values....they rotate so this is wrong again...also the bloddy - electrons rotate aswell...so they have more mathematical equations so this is not the full explenation.......also to make the bloddy wire you need energy so no its not right because you need to build it and you need energy in your body or food so its not only 1 secound...you need to build it you need to ship it you need to like arange it...you dont count that time...it would take approximetly 10 years if its like a team of 100 000 people...so its so much energy for a bloddy light bulb...yea right here it is 1 sec and its on ...reality is different...its allot .. also there are other particles inside that coppper wire there are inperfections of wire production also there are particles we dont even know exist yet ....so no none of the above. gosh darn it im so mad....anyways ....im done ....yea nice video btw...have a nice day..also sorry got liitle carried there...
I think the equals sign in Maxwell's equations means that the idea of field carrying energy and electrons carrying energy are ALMOST interchangeable (displacement current throws this in favour of the field approach). But it is important to have clarity of thought: it's not that electrons pass through the battery, gain energy and the SAME ELECTRONS dump that energy in the load - but the battery will establish a drift velocity in the wire that results in net energy transfer to the load.   I like the Ansys animations, and would recommend anyone trying to really understand classical electromagnetism to use that as a mental model. Also, in Veritasium's original video, think of it like this - the field may transfer the energy, but a current is required to set up the required fields (and that takes time, which is why the bulb turns on slowly - the bulb isn't fully on until the a long time after 1/c, but it does START to turn on at 1/c). The electron flow model isn't necessarily wrong, its just taught in a way that students confuse certain key points.
5:50 how
why was the experiment on stilts? couldn't one do it on the ground?
This video / event is the perfect example that we are learning much more through our errors, blunders and failures than by being always right. What really matters is to have the humility to question what has been done and correct if necessary and.... this is what science is all about: a perpetual process of improvement. Great job!
Great fun & games, and very enjoysble. But for us non electrical engineers I reckon you could simplify the explanation more. Your intention was to show its not the length of the wire that's important, its the distance between the battery and the globe. .As for why, the way I rationalise it is that the surface charges are an imbalance (a gradient?) & nature (and phyics) doesnt like that. So its trying to return to a neutral state, and only needs the subtle effect from the fields passing across the gap allowing some current flow and rebalancing the surface charges?  FWIW I would like to see the modelling when the battery is completely disconnected and then connected.  Im assuming that under that scenario since the surface charge effect can still only travel at ~c, the same time as the actual current, then the globe will only light based on the length of the wire.  If so perhaps the key part of your experiment is the *prior*  connecting of the battery, perhaps not emphasised as much as it could be.
A few days ago i saw a dream. I saw that you embraced Islam & people are congratulating you. Its so strange.
Nikola Tesla? Wireless electricity...
He took it personally.
Sense.
So at the end it was just like many pointed out, an ambiguous explanation of an already known phenomena, transmission line physics.
I think the issue with the first video wasn’t with the discussion of how electricity flows, or on the existence of wireless transmission, but more with the insistence on the “gotcha” element regarding wires and their role in transmitting electricity.   And not acknowledging that the “how long it takes for the lightbulb to ‘turn on’” is really more of a trick question because it depends on the lightbulb/device, the strength of the field around the wire, and its proximity to the wire (which is why it’s this 1m wide, super long circuit). Since the 1m/c answer has basically nothing to do with the circuit itself, it’s just two conductors in proximity to each other. I don’t think there was any argument on whether wireless charging is possible.  Where it seemed as if the wire was incidental to the initial completion of the circuit (in the original video). When it was actually the current the lightbulb receives in 1m/c seconds that’s incidental (any nearby conductor would receive some charge, as illustrated), and the circuit doesn’t actually complete and achieve full current until the field establishes over the entire length of the wire.  Really enjoyed the explanations in this video though.
This video is so much better than your first one. It is well explained and detailed. The first one felt lurid and smart-alec.
Is this the true reason why some control circuits have each line insulated against EM interference individually? I was told that's for outside interference.  Also, what happens when we insulate the cable? Does that just compress the EM field?
Can somebody ELI5 this? This is so hard to understand
Didn't Nikola Tesla prove this?
Within the context of the video, it would be interesting to know how electrocution occurs in a human being.
Yes im not concerned.
ha! take this other youtubers!
I'm sorry Derek, but this has devolved a lot.... There's still yet some things that aren't 100% true. Small things.  The point of all these videos that were responses was that the question was highly misleading and missing information, not that the explanation was wrong. In this video you tell us that it's purposefully misleading, as if that improves the educational value of the video. It does not
The "charges on the surface" idea doesn't apply to steady state DC..
1:34 - uhm... voltage != energy.  The voltage could be thousands of volts, and the amount of energy still negligible.  And of course, you've switched to something that's not intended to light up.  Jeez, this is frustrating.  We get it, the information that the switch has changed states is transferred through the air.  That's still not going to light a light bulb.   (And ok, it gets more interesting and accurate after this, so, that's something.  But still, yeesh.  Given what you're responding to, I'd think you'd have put more care into that bit.)
You know being a guy who has stepped into the chapter charges and fields for the first time, I want to sleep more than ever
WOW
Mt. Tesla solved this argument along time ago.
Congrats for 12 Million omg
So this means that if you put enough tin foil betweeen the wires, you could stop the fields from reaching the light bulb in 1m/c and have it travel across the wire? I would love to see that in an oscilloscope as well. Great follow up video. The first one with out an actual experiments is hard to swallow even for a physics major haha.
This is the YouTube version of how every other physics profession shits on Engineers for simplifying everything. I raise your electrical theory one to Computational Fluid Dynamics and the real cause of "lift"
I love how he says load
I still think Derek's first video was disingenuous and designed to trigger internet debate and viral video algs, it's his MO after all.  It hasn't changed the way I think about it at all, but I was forced to get a far greater understanding of the topic. You simply can't separate the fields and the matter, both are required to trasmit energy and the energy flows through both like a WiFi repeater. To argue any different is just illogical.  We need to be careful with math, it describes what we see and math can predict things. However math is not always equal to what we see, it's often an aproximation and it's predictions are not always based on reality.  He's still being disingenuous, cherry picking responses that agree with him, never apologising for intentionally misleading. Science should be taught by concensus not most popular video. However to his credit he did acknowledge the original explanation was poor (I believe on purpose) and this video is a lot better, but not as good as some of the others out there disagreeing with him, which he mentioned but ommitted their opinion.  Both sides of the argument are correct, it's only when you say one the sides is wrong that you're incorrect.
Now that you clarified the lump formulas, why don't you follow up with explanations for voltage and current phase changes, "ELI the ICE man?"
This is what logical debate looks like, never heard once someone speak about their feelings Lol. Great video, thanks for clearing things up!
My background is circuit design, including RF (PCB- and IC-level transmission lines, I don't really work with/model as waveguides), and what made the field explanation click for me was the distributed transmission line model—that brought back all the right connective theory between classical fields and my more-familiar circuit model theory. XD  I'm always thinking from a field perspective if I'm trying to puzzle out an electromagnetic compatibility problem, but the circuit frame of this thought experiment never activated the right connections until that...
Я дал коммент уже.  В ч.1   Тут могу просто пояснить.  И снова ответить. Есть ли сверх световые скорости. ?! Да есть. . Но все что выше скорости света уже светом не является.  И выпадает из нашей причинности. . Все что выше скорости света становится пространством и энергией.  И влияет сразу на все электроны , частицы и волны . Сразу на все! Но также с долей вероятности.   То есть создает константу закономерности.    То есть,  чем больше черная дыра испарила материи. Тем меньшую плотность она имеет.
Bait and switch explanation relative to original assertions. You can see that the full current doesn't hit until the time you expect if the energy is propagating through the wire. The larger claim that wires don't propagate the energy in an implied DC circuit is still bunk. Yes, under A/C conditions, significant current can be induced under capacitive coupling. Also, yes electrons are pushed to the skin of the conductor, but that doesn't disprove the electron "pressure" analogy.
Ngl this is a bad look imo, definitely has a very salty vibe, didn't define in the original video that he didn't mean full power would be provided to the bulb, and also didn't define the limitations of the bulb, so the best assumption is to assume the power source is rated at the the same power required to drive the circuit and create light from the bulb, and therefore full power is required to generate light. This definitely smacks of that kid who teaches the other kids how to play a game, forgets to tell them one of the rules, then uses that rule later to beat the other players and pretends like it's not their fault the other players lose since "that's the rules" whether or not they knew it
Magneto-Electric field for the win! You may not be intuitive, but you make the universe go round.
No, you were wrong on important things, then tried to fix it with the help of people who corrected you, now you found the middle way. You shouldnt be sorry for your less explanation, but for your wrong and misleading arguments, some of them was with purpose even. You are grown now thats good, as you could apologize for your fault. Keep doing that and grow up just a bit more. As someone poiynted out on your previous video, you are indeed going for antenna version of explanation, and admitting that the curcuit doesnt even need to be connected. So, your big original question was a nonsense then.
Could electric stimulation of neurons (billions) manifest the external environment and reproduce the reality by these electric representations? I suppose that maybe is not so clear my concept of consciousness but these are the only scientific facts
Yeah... no
That's deep
Electricity stans been real quiet since this dropped.
Watching these videos renews my confidence in humanity’s potential.  I get a little smarter and a lot happier knowing there are young, bright minds applying themselves to puzzles that are instrumental to the advancement of the best elements of our global collective.  Sending this to my kids to update my resistance/heat, dimmer switch/tungsten bulb explanation.  Thank-you!
What  you are not mentioning is the Ohm’s law. The longer the wire the greater the resistance, but if the  electricity travels around the wire then Ohm is irrelevant?
Now look at 5g fields and the frequency's they operate on.
Love the humility and open mindedness
Ok so based on this, please explain how fields caused by Van de Graff generators or lightning work if there is no flow of electrons....
What the heck is 19:47?!
Cool!  I've used HFSS for more than 20 years, but have never used it for transient analyses showing one more reason why RF is fun.
<3
One question though: Why is the whole experiment 2 meters off the ground?
Now this, is a diss track.
Great follow-up. Thanks for bringing together the various threads: EM modelling, transmission line theory and of course their foundation, Maxwell's equations.
That 3d module of the electric field of the circuit.. I NEED that on a t-shirt. Please.
A fluorescent bulb will glow when you hold it under large powerlines.
As a career EE, thank you for the lesson xD
Just say I was wrong, it was dumb, don't try to wrap the apologies on silly excuses. This video however, Excellent!
If they thought it like this, I would understand it much better! This video filled in so many blank for me and will be helpfull designing my future circuits 😅 thanks a lot! From a electrical engineer at applusrtd
Countless hours of internet debate, long-form videos, and endless nuance-battles to reach the same conclusions as 9th grade physics class.  Haven’t most of us seen the demonstrations of fluorescent lightbulb tubes being held underneath major power lines and eerily lighting up, despite being physically disconnected from any circuit or other source of power?  The bulbs are clearly drawing their voltage from the electric fields produced by the power lines.  And since fields propagate at the speed of light, of course the bulb lights up in the time it takes for the field to reach it in a straight line.  I don’t see how this is some big revelation...?  Credit where it’s due though: great explanations this time around, always appreciate a good follow up video.
This is actually a good way to refreshen our knowledge even for a electrical engineer myself
I don't know ? AlphaPhoenix show plot of residue voltage as electrons compressibility fact. If we have pipeline length L filled completely  with water, from moment pump starts pump water flows instantaneously. Electric wires is always filled with free electrons, I think even without battery energy source closed circuit will create voltage (residue).
Then why do wires under electricity kill, but wireless charging does not?
Now I really do not understand Tesla's theories on propagation of currents through the earth.
Then what is superconductivity? It turns out that in superconductors, electrons do not move at all, do not collide, they are frozen in place.
So, induction.
Wrongggggg
How exactly does the power source being connected to an incomplete circuit generate the surface charges? Does the surface charge propagate around the circuit at the speed of light? And if so does the answer change if you recreate the circuit but instead of a switch you simultaneously attach the wires to both ends of the terminal at the same time?
In car audio/home theater setups this is why we use shielded audio cables and keep them away from high current power cables. Those fields create noise that get induced into the audio cables and amplified. You can literally hear the magnetic fields when you move audio cables too close 👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿 love the channel bro
It's amazing to see other 'experts' be so certain that they are right to be, yet again, proven wrong. lol
Curiosity makes me ask - if the net charge distribution over a given volume of has to equal 0, does that mean that a shift in that same charge distribution causes a short circuit?
One of the biggest youtubers Takes a constructive critic and remakes the hole video, to make more precise explanations. You are truly a scientist Derek
How does this apply to lightning?
NO, WE DONT HAVE TO CLEAR UP ANYTHING. it doesnt matter. its like the old saying.... if you take a huge dump in the dark and wipe your butt, is there any poop on the paper???
That mistake created a much better video at the end.
Does any of this explain why wires ,that are overloaded ,heat up and what blows the fuse if the energy isnt in the wires ?
It's induction. If the ends weren't connected you would see the same thing.
learn, unlearn, learn, unlearn ......
I don't get paid enough for this
So using the earth as a battery, The magnetic field as the wire path, and our bodie(s) as the load (the electric current and voltage in our body to cause our heart to beat, our temp to be maintained), you have an excellent visual of how electricity works and moves in reality.  All the self proclaimed experts from your comment section really don't know a damn thing about our world let alone electricity... Like your work.
They should turn this into a reality show. For super nerds.
My mind hurts thinking about this, as it flys well over my head. How does this work in pcb boards?  What is the point of making leads the same length if it doesn't matter if there will be electricity there before it travels the length of the lead?
1 minute in - Alpha phoenix has already done this experiment, much before than you. Why don't you just ask people to watch his video? Yes - very small current is induced from one wire to the next one. However, the issue in your original video still stands, it was missleading, probably to get more people to react to you (something called ragebait)
Now a lot of my confusions are clear 😊😊😊👍👌
Now i understand why youtubers like William Osman quit. You do a video you think is good and everyone comes out of the woodwork to kick you in the cock. Kudos on you for making a respectable response.
That's some serious sophist backpedaling. Entertaining though.
1 man vs all the nerds
Does anyone know where I can find the rick Hartey presentation?
Excellent analysis.
I really would have preferred if you just gave us a proper explanation of electricity without the deception of the first video. Obviously I'm sure creating the initial controversy and getting other Youtubers to promote the video was a great idea for your channel.
Why is it just surface charges and not charges in the bulk of the conductor?
Short answer: It's lighted up, not due to the electric field conducted in the wires we normally assumed, but by the parasitic capacitance between the wires which let the sudden, alternating electic field take a shortcut. Or, one wire is wirelessly charging another wire.  That's why when designing a high frequency circuit, we need to consider a lot more about board material, layout and grounding, etc.
The whole time I was thinking about an impulse response in a 1 turn transformer.   This video was such a wonderful reminder of my undergraduate studies. I love your videos!
Get burned! Is this like the scientific version of a rap battle and my boy out here spitting some mad bars!
When members of the YouTube University face real engineers, the discussion becomes weird.
stop fuckin lying
Now I see why energy flows constantly . Because if it didn't then energy would never move if it wasn't already moving. Right? Sounds like a self correcting paradox.
What is current?   😆
Wouldn't the time delay also be based on the index of refraction of the surrounding medium?
this is induction right?
The bottom line of this story is that in practice the lamp does not turn on immediately. The real challenge was to admit it at the start of the video. The challenge was failed.
LOL ... You can learn how to change your oil on youtube but it might be best to go to school to learn physics. There is no video series substitute for spending years in the lab. I did not like in the original video how it was stated that there was something wrong or misleading about how electronics are taught, that was clickbait. One of the things you learn in physics, is when it is ok to simplify something to make a problem much easier to solve by making some assumptions, as you have done. For example,  you say that the main point of the video is that the fields carry the energy but you do not take into consideration the medium the fields must pass through, a simplification you used to make your problem (or explanation) easier. Would you say that it is much easier to say C = 'the speed of light' than to say C = (epsilon_naught * mu_naught)^(-1/2) where there are all of a sudden many assumptions being made of linear/homogenous/isotopic mediums in which the wave is propagating in? Why did you make that simplification, and why did you not go into detail about how C is not a constant in all mediums, in fact it is a much more involved equation, was it a simplification to make an example easier for someone to understand?  So if you are not going to go all the way, why do you blame electrical engineers for making a simplification and not diving headlong into maxwells equations when the simple form of V=IR can describe the steady state solution of a circuit?
I have so many questions.
I'm not very smart but I can see there's completely white space in 8:49. Does the current jumpt the empy space due to momentum or what's goin on there? Or maybe  "we don't know but that's how it seems to work" moment?
The Alpha Phoenix video is really good, I can only recommend it.
Are you sure that electrons are actually flowing around the circuit?
Thats make me thinking: if we do the same experience with water pushed in a pipe which is idk 1000km, will the speed of water pushed into the pipe be faster than light speed ?
OH MY GOD This is what I was wondering and the answer I couldn't find when I was in high school. I've been confused with how electrons actually transmit the energy in microscopic aspect, and why the light turned off almost immediately when I cut the circuit. I couldn't figure out why and all of my physics teachers couldn't give me a reasonable answer. Now I finally know it's never about the electron, it's FIELD! And this really make sense for what Maxwell equation shows the speed of electromagnetic wave is the speed of light! I got goose bumps watching this video! EUREKAAAAAA!
this is how science should be treated, whether or not you were correct in your statements doesnt matter as long as others get involved and try to prove or disprove your theory. no one person should be the absolute voice for a topic, only through peer review do we come closer to the truths of the universe
The thing I still don't understand is how insulation plays into all of this. If the energy is actually traveling outside the wire, how does insulating a wire do anything? I really wish that part of it had been explained in either of these videos.
Excellent video ... Thanks for the follow up this is perfect
You guys are still arguing over this?  I'm shocked to see that people have a preference over one abstract model over the other.  But you must remember in both cases: the engineer's lumped model and the physicist's Maxwell's field equation model are just that...abstractions, which get us to the same result. I'm surprised nobody mentioned an alternative model: the 'field potential model'; where you write Maxwell's equations in terms of scalar and vector potentials and the sources. Or you can go another step further writing them in terms of the field tensor and 4-current density.  I think of it this way: Maxwell's equations, no mater which form take say "The sources generate fields, and the fields tell how the sources how to move."
So what does this mean to us audiophiles? Cables materials dont actually matter? TELL ME!!!!! Help, im confused as F..
Actually explains some weirdness with electrics that previously had only been explained to me in metaphors
Not fair. Miscobseption 2. Electrons do not move.  In your video about electromagnets you claim (if i remember correctly) that the electrons move and this makes them experience length contraction, which increases the density as viewed from the side.
yes, you can transmit energy at this speed, but that has not much to do with a curcuit. by that logic every wire in the universe woulb be connectet to the same circuit. if you where to run the cables comming from the source north and south and the cables connectet to the load east and west, so that they are at right angles towards each other for as long as possible (and the rest of the wire running at an 45°angle compleating the circuit) there shouldn`t be ANY capacitive or inductive transmission for the first 58% of the time it takes to turn on fully. 2 / ( 2 + root2 ) = 0.586   cable at right angles dividet by cablelenght in total.
Okay, but if the energy resides in the fields where are the photons in all of this? Maxwell's model has been superseded in favor of quantum electrodynamics. And that still doesn't explain "How Electricity Actually Works".
so can we stop burning coal to get electricity?
I suspect Derek does this on purpose. Making videos with big claims and explanation flawed just enough, for all of science YouTube flocking in to have a say and/or challenge him to a bet.
之前的视频翻车了，翻车就翻车，还死不承认，这种态度很不好！你之前题目里定义的说是灯泡亮，肯定要指人类肉眼可以感受到的亮，你做再多的视频都无法改变抹平你的翻车，简单承认一下就好了，其它视频都很棒。
I pretend to understand 10% of this video.
Like magnets, they don't need to touch each other to atract theyselves, quantum physics right
When is something "LEVEL" from a physics perspective.?
emf can power a minivolt device.. that is what my brain thinks... that does not really support your argument, and it is confusing... i am not an electrical engineer etc.. nothing.. just a workshop tinkerer.. a live wire is called that for a reason, the moment it is connected to a power source it is alive.. yes closing the circuit will make the circuit complete regardless of the distance assuming there is enough energy to counter the resistance of the wire.. in a way it is like a garden hose, pressure is there when you turn the tap on, but since there is no flow, its just potential. when you add the resistor in your example, it is less first but builds up the current, just like squeezing the garden hose, it will still supply and build up the current, but not when it is constantly drained. i think your example of focusing on how a miliwatt bulb can be lit by emf... is misleading and an entirely different issue.. regardless.. i like your videos
I guess the problem here is that we never established some things before the problem was stated. We never established what "on" means. Looks like just about everyone understood "on" to mean "full brightness under full voltage", whilst you took it to mean "brightness optional under some voltage". As such, for most of us the small power being transferred through induction didn't count as an on bulb. And from the explanation you gave in your first video it sounded like you were claiming that the bulb would receive full power before the full power had time to go around the circuit, which is why people said it violates causality. So I don't think there was anything nefarious about the question, it wasn't a gotcha type problem. It's just a simple case of misunderstanding.
I understood nothing
I think you had so much trouble was because you claimed to explain how electricity worked. Instead what you ended up emphasizing is that electric currents form electric fields and the fields cause electrical current in a wire.
I saw the original Veritasium video and then the AlphaPhoenix experiment so I was fascinated to see what this video would say. Feel like I have been a part of history in being able to watch all three with the time to think in between. Really great final reply: clear, concise, complete but most of all, generous. Thank you so much, Veritasium!
What is really funny is that you just put a little aluminum foil between the switch and the bulb and the bulb lights later like other guys said and that s what you needed to precise . But fine video ! Still you have to explain induction if i did nt have physics study i m not sure it would have been clear .
ahhhh i see, i see a big di pole antenna
This war between nerds and wise man/woman is always welcomed.  Great job veritasium
I love this channel
I feel that if I watch this about 20x, I may begin to understand electrical current.
All those professors from school didn't teach us anything good
Wow, this really got me thinking because I could never have a concept of what the electric magnetic waves are. I see the diagrams over and over again but what really are the waves. I'm now wondering if the electric magnetic waves are actually distortions of space and time respectively. That space and time expand and contract as they propagate with each other through space as the waves. Just wondering
Do I know anything about Electrical Engineering? No. Did I watch the whole video anyways? Yes.
And now if you ever decide to do a video on Cunningham's Law, you can cite this video.
Here at Rockwell Automations....
this was a lesson of parasitic parameters. As long as the permittivity of free space is high, he is correct. If the ends are open, the light will be a short negligible blip.
Electricity !!
This doesn’t just apply to electrons and electrical engineering. All particles that we observe in our universe are three dimensional physical manifestations of a quantum field. For example there is also a proton field, neutron field, etc in addition to an electron—electric field. All these particles are actually a quantum field and when we measure that field we can see the space and time effect that the quantum field has as a particle.
I think the takeaway here is that there is a danger to oversimplifying things when explaining them.  I get the same frustration when people talk about the double slit experiment and make it seem like the electrons are somehow magically aware that they are being watched.  Thank you for the followup.
And on the flip side, people still say “grammar nazi” and “grammar police” when you try to explain correct English.
Neurons do this all the time. It is called Field computing xD
Nicely done.  Clear. (This time)
Thats why is science, He is trying to prove thats his assuption is right or wrong.
I see this more like how water works in a microwave... Where all your elements are stuck in substrate, and what moves the elections(water) is actually your electrical potential(2.4GhzMicrowave) and the more you give it the more shake ya get.  Which honestly make it very similar to ac, except for how you handle polarity separation.
No no no no, if the circuit is not complete? Wait, what? No!
Why am I getting Edison versus Tesla with this?
What if you keep the switch inside a Faraday's box? Such that no Electric field escapes the box. How much time would it take to lit up the light bulb?
Dude please stop
I have to say now it makes more sense. Have a look to the scooe a 20:19 Pause the video and you will see the gridlines are spaced by 50ns So if you look into yellow signal, seems to be a delay of ~5ns till it starts growing  If do the math: 5 ns x10^-9 x 3x10^8 m/s = 1.5m Round conclusion I get the wires spaces by 1.5m... makes sense
(3.14/2)C
this video is pure gold! it finally answered some questions that I had since college: "when a circuit closes, how does a far away electron knows of this fact? and also: how does electrons transfer energy to the load?"
I was wondering why I remembered this so well, and then realized it’s because that’s the textbook I used to learn physics!!
Where can I find a real-life circuit like this? All my bulbs have both insulated wires to the load and from the source (R/B) together. Show that simulation of the fields.  The animations are cool but more mis-leading than the marbles example.
I wish I actual people like all of you in my life. I barely got to use my engineering degree. I like the mental stimulation and technical engagement.
But electric field can't exist inside the conductor....
But electric field can't exist inside the conductor....
But electric field can't exist inside the conductor....
Now the true genius of this video and the first, might lie somewhere else. What if Veritasium was misleading in the first video on purpose, so he could get all the people angry and invested in this topic generating reach, to then crank out this video for more contant and information. From a youtubers perspective that would make a lot more sense.  Seeing as this is the second "mistake" of this kind with the propeller wheel thing maybe being the inspiration for this method.
I think the most confusing thing to me originally was "1/c" (what??) vs "1m/c" (oh, the distance between the wires)
Actually, Derek, you're wrong. It's witchcraft. It always has been.
The more tree grow up tall, the more wind it gets stronger
Me: Search the I= VR for a school assignment Google and YT: Here I recommend you science stuffs! Interesting tho', although I somehow want you to explain how the Ironman's original arc reactor works. Like, I'm not even mentioning the one he made with a "new element" from Ironman 2. I was talking about the arc reactor that appears in the 1st Ironman. Which are: 1. The large one in stark industries lab made for "publicity stunt". 2. The small one he built using palladium.
Question: Should one consider discarding the copper tube, which is also an antenna and is getting some of the RF out in the ambient?. Obviously, it would be minimal, but I think it might cause some charge to build up in the system.
Hey can one field can effect other field
This shows how tough Electrical Engineering is, f*ck  why did i listen to my  dad🥲. At the time this is my second semester in EE. Pray for me🙏
Ill add a few more misconceptions to your list. 1) Theres no such thing as electrons (nor other particles). Particle model is nice but highly flawed and puts huge limitation of human technology.  2)  The "field" is the only thing that is and this is a modality of the aether oscillating and/or vibrating. Field is a verb not a noun. 3) Nothing is travelling . All propagation is 2 way not one way. If you throw a rock in the water it produces a propagating wave but the water is not travelling to the  opposite shore from the rock's entry point. 4) Everything is aether and light. There is nothing else. And even these things are not really things but modalities of aether (which is not the same as "space -time") .  In reality all these fleeting modalities are just Mind at work- Gods imagination. We are Gods imaginary friends (or enemies if we so choose) . Particle physics pits man against Reality, Nature , and ultimately against God. Tesla , Russel, Schauberger, Keely, and contemporary Ken Wheeler all were/are well aware of these things and are well worth pursuing.  Who knows what wonders man can create if he gets back in tune with reality!
So, fields induced by the difference in charge across the power source? and those fields are what accelerates the electrons into the lattice of the load? How does that interaction drain a battery of it's charge?
I got a question (sorry in advance if I’m not using the right vocabulary, I’m not very knowledgeable on this topic): With the demonstration of the independent wire initially getting electricity at the same speed as the connected wire, wouldn’t that imply that one would spontaneously temporarily charge/turn on anything that’s in close proximity? Like (idk if this is a good analogy) if I had two phones next to each other, and I charged one, why wouldn’t the other one also charge for that fraction of a second?
This experiment is misleading at best
it be so weak  it can hardly to do anything  ... how weak a current  will be ... with  constant current and voltage ... i dont think bulb will  light up  ,maybe it just my understanding  but with the  distance electric field will get weaker   , its  like two coils  to far apart .... or maybe ... im very wrong  ,transformers  work same way and  coils not connected together  but still transmit power  but remove  core  and  power will drop so limit a current and voltage  (we limited always) ... say if  battery limited to 50mA  and  5V  do the bulb get  50mA and 5v  i would like to see  this happening  in real life  scenario  not in some super conductor   wire   we don't have yet ... its like what if...:)  i agree that  electric field  will get  1M faster then  300000 KM of wire but at what scale , this is why i think a wireless chargers are waste  of energy ... its handy but it is a waste ,even with a cable it a waste
Derek, my favorite part of this vid is when you say early on "I didn't explain clearly..." (which you reiterate in closing.) Taking responsibility for students' misapprehension is a sign of a very good teacher. It's why your content is so engaging for lay people (like me) who take your math as given as well as for people who are directly challenged by the math, engineering, and physics you present and who insist on checking you every step of the way.  Thank you.
I am so bad at math and physics, I didn't have any doubt in the previous video...
I don't think you really understand what was wrong with your original video, nor how it actually works now.
Long story short, it's just induction. Or crosstalk.
Yeah, it might not work like a hose, but it'll still burn yer face off.
Electricity was the one topic that I couldn't ever understand intuitively. This fixed my problem. I love you Derek Muller. It just makes so much sense now that I feel like I had an epiphany.
How does AC work then? Or rather, how does it differ?
With each year we are more and more close to the Tesla's secret legacy
Great! As usual!! I'm wondering, you haven't done any videos about electrical communications via ground...basically wireless but via voltage changes in local and remote soil. I've played with that some, and would like to know to understand it. Another question could be: What's the longest continuous run of wire yet seen? Is it "the whole grid" or some particular transmission line that's many hundreds of miles long, or what?
This has to be one of the best videos on electricity, reminds me of my high school classes. You are amazing and so is Physics!
I don't think you will receive a good signal If you don't match the impedance. While we usually don't match the impedance in setting up the power system for light blub.
Really now you're gonna bring up wireless wifi charging
Derik, I love your channel, but I understand why you are having trouble explaining these concepts clearly.  Your ideas bounce around a lot.  You often ramble about different theories and demonstrations that do not directly explain the video's content.  I mean to tell you this with the most respect.  If you read this comment and have questions, I will be happy to help.
I feel I'm closer to an ape than to these people. Why am i so stupid. Damn
just a nice guy
Damn
I get it, It's crystal clear. The despots who call themselves the power company have lied and manipulated the public from the start and don't give a damn if widow jones is dead. They know they're finished. They're facing war crimes charges along with the rest of the fake American establishment. I do not oppose nor endorse any causes.
hey guys i wanna ask, 3:05 why does the electrons have more speed than speed of light (300 000 m/s). electrons still have mass right?
Thanks veritasium ❤️❤️❤️
I have to ask how this differs from Amperes right hand rule I’m not saying I understand this but I just feel like there must be some overlap here
So Veritasium, your video titled "How Special Relativity Makes Magnets Work". Shall we throw that in the trash then?
OMG ! I feel you are smarter than my wife... she convinces me she knows everything and I don't need to think anymore.. Fantastic explanation of of the world which we live in is deeper than one thinks.
What!? As soon as I was starting to get onboard and somewhat understand this idea. You then do the experiment and it does not prove you're right at all. The lightbulp doesn't get all the energy from this field, only a very slight ammount "above noise level". And then some time later the actual energy arrives, and the light bulp turns on fully. What is this discrepency, I'm even more confused now than before.
I think the annoying part of this video really was the ambiguous nature of the question. But I do get it. I know that I deal with this a lot at work, because it shows how and why, shielding works and is important.
I have a question, based on these ideas, if your laptop charger cable was tangled up would that mean there would be interference and it would charge less efficiently? Thanks!
If the bulb turns on just from the electric field and it doesn't matter whether the circuit is actually closed, why does the switch have any effect? If it doesn't matter whether the circuit is closed or the wires are even connected at all, then the bulb should turn on even with the switch off, shouldn't it?
The funny thing is that in Mexico, people that steal light knows this pretty well, no engineering at all required 😂🤣
casually teaching masters level EE line charging in a 23min video, well done
Does this mean, that not the moving Electrons produce the Electric field, but in the opposite: the Electric field produces the movent of the elctrons?
13:48 Holy crap, isn't that interference and why you have to insulate wires so you don't have cross talk?
9:40 - Similarly a belt in car's engine goes from the engine to the alternator, and then back again to the engine. But it doesn't mean that it returns energy from the alternator to the engine. The energy flow is still from the engine to the alternator.  Also, note that in dielectrics or in undoped semiconductors, where there are no free electrons to move, there's no electical energy flow with direct current. You'd need alternating current which constantly accelerates some charged particles to generate photons. Without free charged particles the DC would not be possible.
I guess the answer is no, it's almost instantanous, this set up is faster than the speed of light not because it has to travel through the wire but it could take shortcuts because the electric field has the energy to move the electrons, it's like it's a wormhole.  God bless.
Everybody's wearing long sleeves and sweatshirts and hoodies and knit caps.  It must have been a freezing 70 degrees in Cali.
As a high school chemistry teacher I strongly support Derek's conclusion that we have to be careful about oversimplifying our explanations, lest the oversimplified explanations lead to all kinds of misconceptions for teacher and future students alike. Like the saying attributed to Einstein, "Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler."   Also very impressed with Derek's humility and graciousness to the rest of the YouTube community's responses. It takes a lot of maturity to see the positive ramifications of some rather pointed criticisms. It's been a real pleasure watching Derek and this channel grow as providers of public scientific communication.
Hehe, this is isn't over yet.... God bless.
Thank you! Now I understand how those new wireless power bank works
And yet they move, see "Electromigration"
RIP Nickolas Tesla
Milliwats flowing through a multiple watt circuit is not "lamp on". That is highly misleading.
Heres the deal! What makes the electrons move in the first place? Exactly!
This is beautiful.
this guy just casually ending up physics & electric teachers' careers without even realising it XD  this thing should be mandatory viewing in all across the world
My husband, SO much smarter than me, got, but did not share, this etherial understanding with me. I am moved. Deeply. TY
The simple or very complex and theory at hand after hundreds of years of 'Radiation Polarisation'.  What a world...
You cant say "current flows", there is no flow of anything, but you know that. Current happens as a result of the vibrational energy consumed from excited electrons. Current thus happens instantly under a load, but it doesn't flow through the load.
I see it, all you say makes sense. I always had a feeling that the transfer of energy is a transfer of vibration, the power of this vibration can be seen as voltage and the capacity of vibrational power can be seen as the current. The electric field is created when the circuit closes and thus making a medium for the vibration to propagate, not travel, but propagate.
I feel that 100% of EVERYONE should be getting, what is considered today, college level electronics by the third grade, and it should be one of the mandatory courses for the rest of their  school days... even Doctors should know more about electronics than they do.  Electronics, and Physics.  Mankind's overall intelligence is not keeping up with his progress in technology, and soon we will stall out...(If we haven't already...)
In IT where information is carried on wires like this, the effect on other wires is called crosstalk.  This whole experiment only works because it is in such a close loop.  If this was a circle the others would be correct.  Give this to an IT network engineer and it would have been no problem.  Start the current moving around the power source which creates an EM field that leaks to the nearby wire and the EM field induces a much smaller current.
loved how simply you made this to understand, one of my favourite videos on youtube for that reason!
If Tesla was here he'd be banishing
good stuff
This is most easily explained by the function of inductors in a circuit, the concept and theories of maintaining current can apply throughout a simple circuit.  Why use wires: like veritasium stated, there are the most efficient way to establish magnetic and electrical fields, in order to induce energy flow. There is no true inductor (other than vacuum) given enough potential (voltage) anything can induce an electrical field even the air.
Never doubted you my son.
As someone that has always been interested in how electricity works but never really looked into beyond what I was taught in highschool. I find this super interesting...  But also I am so confused 😅
In this video, you really should have given more credit to AlphaPhoenix, because he not only set up a great demonstration, but also do a great job of explanation of what is actually happening without trying to confuse his viewers. My kudos to him.  MTF
Veritasium so slick he takes an L and announces it as a W. What a savage I love it
Now i see what you mean. Why the hell didn't i think of the electric field and magnetic field?
This is the kind of drama we need.
Up or down ten
Hi
Electricity lore is heating up 🔥
this saga greyed Derek’s hair by 10 years
original experiment was on ground, would distance from ground change the math here?
To me, this supports my suspicions that string theory is bunk and it's all about the fields. I think the collective team who worked on this data should be given a Nobel Prize (perhaps just a little more polishing and then a paper).
INDUCTION
Ben Watson... That's some nominative determinism if I've ever seen it
What you are trying to say but have not managed to do so is that there exists a  *POTENTIAL DIFFERENCE* This is well known.
TLDR/W Common man here, so I'll ask what I consider to be a rhetorical question: If this is such a large area of contention why not consider subtracting the time it takes the light to go off after 'flipping the switch' from the time it takes the light to glow when the switch is turned on?
Great person before a great scientist!
Actually, electricity works as follows. There's 3 types of reactions that makes up electric current flow. The first is near direct collisions of free electrons. The second is dragging things along in ones wake as an electron passes by near to another electron that is settled into the lattice of atoms making up the conduit and with their magnetic field interactions, the first ends up pulling the other along behind it, loosed from it's previously settled position, with the first losing a bit of momentum in the process, hence attenuation, while it continues on to find a hole ahead in the direction of it's travel to settle into, followed by the second electron continuing on past it in the same direction looking for a hole of its own to settle into, either just doing that as it may have insufficient energy of momentum imparted, OR it also repeats the chain reaction of pulling other electrons along in its wake, possibly even doing so to the first electron that pulled it out of the lattice of atoms, all the while having a trail of holes opening up just behind the surge of electrons in a rolling offset or wave style of behavior. The third reaction is an electron traveling forward in a direction at a slanted angle, crashing into the lattice of atoms and knocking out a previously settled in place electron, stealing it's spot and causing a chain reaction of the electron knocked out continuing forward in the same direction as the first but with a reversed slant, and so on and so forth till one of them in the chain fails to have enough energy to knock another electron out of its spot and instead only does either the first reaction and halts or does the dragging things in its wake pattern of the second reaction. The pattern roughly would be like strike down and forward diagonally gets diagonal upwards and forwards reaction which gets downward and forward reaction ... , though the angles would be more complex having 3 dimensional axis in real life in most cases, but the pattern still applies as a rough description of it. Reaction one is the least common occurrence as there's relatively a lot of space between atoms and electrons at that tiny scale, reaction two of dragging things in its wake is the most common while reaction three is less often than number two but proportionately not too far behind. Batteries are basically applying a large enough magnetic field of attraction to spark a chain reaction of the second and third reaction going off, primarily, while in side effect sometimes causing the first reaction to take place. Electric motors and generators are basically causing a dragging things in its wake reaction like the second one, primarily, but it can also pull along free electrons as well, as it continues on to secondarily cause reaction 3 occurrences and some reaction one occurrences in side effect. The whole induction effect is basically as follows. When electrons bundle up together like a traffic jam due to the voltage (pressure) differential relative to the size of the conduit, they bump into one another and end up scattering photons about all over the place, creating a spherical ball of concentrated photons (heat particles) in the conduit material, while in the bundle of electrons it also makes a ball of concentrated photons at the relative mantle position, aka outside of the central core of the bundle of electrons but below the crust aka she'll of the bundle. These concentrated photons basically stop and get stuck in the electrons, protons and neutrons of the electron bundle and the atomic material of the conduit. These basically stopped photons transfer their rotational energy to the monopoles making up the dipoles that are the core of the electrons, protons and neutrons, causing them to speed up in rotation relative to one another and/or thir previous rotation speed, but not the rotation speed of the pair together as a dipole generating that 1/2 or 1 full spin charge or whatever the (theoretical) physicists say they have in the Standard Model of physics. It's like the Earth speeding up its rotation on its axis, but keeping the orbital rotation speed around the sun the same. This increased rotation speed skews their originally spherical magnetic fields into more disc like shapes with farther reach outward in 2 dimensions in exchange for losing reach in one direction. Due to the sheer volume/quantity of electrons or nuclei of the conduit around, this becomes a larger spherical reach of the magnetic field in this location where the bundle is at. "Magnetic reluctance"; of the material, aka the speed and proclivity to redistribute back the photons and their momentum, keeps this sphere moving along fairly evenly or shrinking if the material is rather apt to becoming magnetic with its individual fields aligning like Iron, as the default reaction before shape of the conduit comes into play. If the conduit coils around and the conduit size across is small enough relative to the voltage to cause a build up of pressure as high momentum stuff is forced to change direction quickly while turning a corner, then you end up with a pile up of the magnetic field discs in the bundle aggregating into an overall thick disk or cylinder shape with rounded ends like two round nose bullets placed end to end, leading to that 90 degrees to the conduit rule of induction. While turning the corner and losing momentum in the process, that lost energy had to go somewhere and that comes about in the form of photons flying out all around the bundle of electrons in a ball shape, taking a bit of the rotational energy making up the extended reach magnetic field of the bundle, and going off to strike the conduit material, stopping those particular photons, but causing a chain reaction of photons(heat particles) flying out of stuff to continue along till it reaches the outside of the conduit causing a final flying out of photons that get registered as heat loss and/or light emission, and/or mysterious energy loss due to magnetic flux conversations plus the momentum lost along the way definitely counting as a temperature rise in the material of the conduit itself. The electron bundle itself of course goes back to a more even distribution of photons and rotational energy per electron after the voltage pressure issues are settled so they're not bundled up together anymore, with similar photons scattering all about and chain reactioning out the material as with the corner turning situation for similar losses as a final momentum settling when holes are found and dragging things in their wake saps momentum and/or the voltage pressure suddenly disappears.
Big Clive saying: "Naughty Mr. Veritasium has stood over a red hornet's nest" with his wonderful tone of voice made me laugh out loud. 😁😁😁  Thank you! And thanks to everybody else who participated.   We are all learning and growing together and that is awesome!  And I learned something very important  that finally answered the burning question I have had for 25 plus years.   I wondered, if the electrons move from the negative pole of the battery to the positive pole, how come it is said that the charge moves from the positive to the negative.
This is super cool! Especially since I'm doing a wax museum and I'm gonna be Nikola Tesla! Super amazingly fascinating! And it is really helpful for finding info about elecricity.
Falstad making an appearance, best
I knew that before itself... Electromagnetic is like intuitive knowledge for me... but there is much more to explore...mymind...so that my mind can comprehend the cosmic knowledge.  Love all...from India
After watching all of this I respect Derek much more, he presented a simple thought experiment to make a simple YouTube video, but a lot of people wanted to show how they were much more smarter than him
That oscilloscope is so old! Old pan makes good sauce!
For anybody who wants to be even more confused: Try to understand RF waveguides. Circular ones can guide very high RF power without a wire, just air, with no current flowing in the walls (no heat). You only have to force E- and H-fields into the right mode.
As an RF engineer who worked in RF Power Amplifier development and is used to think in traveling waves and transmission lines with characteristic impedance this is daily business and old and basic knowledge. All the discussions about these videos are similar to the basic discussions about RF effects I often had with people who are used to think in voltage and current and try to understand RF circuits and especially their strange effects. It is also the reason that RF looks as black art to some people. Derek's explanation is very detailed and based on a physical view. As an engineer you have to develop a more intuitive approach to see most of the effects directly. Use of HFSS simulation is not cheap, very time consuming and normally only done for complex circuits on very high frequencies.
Noice. Science ftw.
May i know what you studied?
Basically just a video of our boy saying "yes I'm right, heres why, I SAID it wrong!!!!!!!....but I'm right, and it was a thought experiment anyways, you nitpicky freaks. Now sod off."
YOU ALL NEED TO GOOGLE CAPACITORS/INDUCTORS/IMPEDANCE AND REALLY UNDERSTAND THE ELECTRICAL CONCEPTS ASSOCIATED WITH THEM
So, the initial question was a trap (innocent perhaps), because the detail is in defining when the light bulb is on. In all the response videos I saw as if there is an immediate signal in the bulb, but obviously it does not turn it on completely.
To me you explained the same point most people that responded to you adressed. They didn't call your conclusion in the original video a lie but that it was misleading. They argued that some power would be transmited at 1m/c seconds (not leakage current) but not the whole power of the battery and that people could wrongly get that idea from your video (eg electroBOOM). Kudos to you for adressing the controversy and clearing things up for the viewer, but there is no need to paint it as if they were wrong.  Causality dude aside ofc.
Your apology is sooo Canadian. Thanks for shaking up the conversation and going the distance to prove your point!!!  Well done.
What a great video and a great conversation through other videos and comments from the first. This is how you make learning fun!
This is the kind of theory Nikola Tesla was stating and trying to demonstrate.  It's not necessary to wire together electrical devices or information services.  That you can instantly transmit power or data anywhere on Earth essentially instantly with transmission lines.  He wasn't saying wires didn't have some advantages. He was just saying they aren't technically required.
It looks like someone decided to fill Dr. Oz spot after he went to politics.
Can someone explain, if it’s all about fields then why we can get electrocuted by touching a bare live wire of few hundred volts and not get electrocuted by standing near HV lines.
Best diss track since Killshot.
If wires worked like marbles pushing each other through the circuit an EMP wouldn't effect the circut. But because wires use electric fields electronics are effected by emp's.
This illustrates well that to learn is to improve our approximation of the truth. We may reach a certain level of approximation, be satisfied, and mistake our approximation as the whole truth. And we may still be productive in our work. But there is always more to learn, a better approximation to be had. Never conflate the approximation with the whole. Never stop short.
Even in a static atom there is a small electric and magnetic fields but in some atoms net magnetic moment of the atom is zero. To me it sounds like you are trying to say electrons are separate from fields is a mistake. The quantum fluctuations that make up space itself may shine light on what empty space is. A void might be an interesting experiment and super conducting wires an atom thick.
Ahhh I love Americans
I now finally understand that I will never understand electricity. It's incredibly complicated and there aren't enough hours in the day.
I litteraly had science class witch the teacher explained the struucture of this and im going to show this to my class in the group chat rn
Why do people still think energy is carried by the electrons moving? The energy is in the fields, not the electrons.  And this knowledge matters a lot when designing PCBs. You can check the content from any professional PCB designer and we know this stuff. We know that on a PCB, energy doesn't travel in the copper tracks but rather in the dielectric between them.
THIS IS THE TYPE OF BEEFS AND DRAMA WE WANNA SEE BETWEEN YOUTUBERS I LOVE THIS
I got a thing in my mind for a long time " is the one week of our time same for an ant" is it.
Very interesting!
Congratulations! This is well done! I agree with you now on the conclusions. THIS is how we should do physics. Not only point out the errors someone else makes, but also acknowledge the things he is/was doing right. This is our common endeavor!
Could the electric field created by the battery be infinite? Or like very big? Is that what you mean? Also, if the expanding electric field takes 0 seconds to influence the electron? Please respond if possible
Still  deceptive.    At 1m/C seconds [~3ns] (or even 6ns) you don't have enough voltage at the load to create a single visible light photon.   You changed the conditions by using a 18v source and waiting ~20+ns (~6 meter/c).  You chose (?? 1/2") copper tubing instead of the ~1mm typical conductors shown in the original vid, as this increases the amount of initial power at the load by more than an order of magnitude (yet never mentioned this strange choice of conductors). You chose an 1100 ohm load, so you wouldn't have to explain away reflections. The actual wiring from the pulse-gen and to the scope must be matched - but this was never explained or mentioned.  Yes you would see a small signal using a 12vdc battery and wire - but NO you won't get any light at the load at 1m/c.
Fantastic response video, Derek. Hats off!  I think the piece that I was missing the most in the original video was the importance of the position of the switch. In the original video, I believe you kept pointing to the distance between the battery and the lightbulb when really it's the distance between the switch and the lightbulb that matters. It took me a good few days of headache and several discussions with other people to work that one out.
what happens when is is in a loop? why isn't the delay just the distance from the switch and the input to the power source?
"Frank, I have a sick headache"  You have to be old, maybe real old to know that one. ;o)  Learned electronics back in the 70's.  Yup, models to simplify working with things.
Thx for this
Still wrong. It comes from the flux capacitor Marty!
Pretty good explanation, although I don't understand why you still push the absolute terms specifically to deny well known concepts. I mean.. i know why, you want to make a drama a stir up the discussion, but the fact that the energy is transferred by the EF, doesn't change the fact that the energy change in this circuit (including EF change) comes only from the battery, as it's providing the potential difference that causes all of the effects you've shown in the simulations, and denying this is just silly on your part. Besides that, a very good video.
For those ingrates that don't believe electricity is man's greatest discovery.
Awesome video!
This guy has bigger balls than Do Kwon 😂👌
I think the light bulb will receive energy in 1/c seconds but that energy will be so small it will have little to no effect on the bulb. The majority of the energy will have to travel the distance of the wire before the light bulb has enough energy to turn on. So I say the light bulb will turn on in 1 second
What if the two wires were stretched in the same direction instead of being stretched in the opposite direction? Won’t it take longer for any power to available in the lamp?
Yay science is happening!
Could you please share a reference to the original lecture from Rick Hartley? Thanks!
So, global, wireless electrical network is possible.
can you Please make it in Hindi
Great video and I love it when YouTube inspires people to debate science!
Huh?
I'm an electrical engineer and I didn't realize that until now. Thank you.
Electricity has no brain. Buy how they calculate?
you should do a video about the Fermi Paradox
You kinda did pose it as an engineering problem in your original video. Kind of convenient to only show a resistor why not include an actual LED bulb from the store with all the normal modern circuitry?
I appreciate that you went back to both understand and explain in more detail. This is a much more palatable video than the first because you made a genuine and quite successful attempt at demystifying every underlying piece - especially with the visual simulations. I like being able to defend your stances in controversial videos. That was the first video where I had a real problem (at least with your recent content which is much more well-informed), and this video nicely wraps up the mess created by the first, and as you said yourself, led to some great, detailed discussions on the topic. I was expecting to be annoyed by this video and put off watching it, but I was pleasantly surprised by the efforts made to reconcile the issues brought to the table. Looking forward to many more!
I was so scared to watch this video that I waited till after my exam so i did not write his theory in the answers
Tesla
We have to use sheilded wires in the automotive industry for this exact reason, sensitive sensors can give bad readings from near by wires and cause drivability issues
Believe me, you can teach quatum mechanics to a high-schooler. How amazing you are!
I liked the person who said "the light will turn on because the two halves of the loop are essentially antennas." That kind of seems like the simplest explanation for what's going on.
I thought only a time varying electric field can produce an electric field in another conductor? He used a battery… which is DC meaning it didn’t time varying.
🔥💡🔥
COVID response should do proof of work with videos like this
In summation:  VERITASIUM: stop questioning me bro!
e
How do diodes block a field direction? So one direction the diode could short the battery & the other would just block its circuit.
Why does the signal of the electric field reflect back? Shouldn't the effects of the electric field mean that it's maintained throughout the wire at a constant level?
I have wondered how electricity actually flows for so long and this is the only answer in depth enough to satisfy me, even if I don't completely understand it yet.
I love everything about this. Thisis incredible. We need more wireless energy.
Is this how a scientist gives the middle finger? Lol
01:52 Thanks for the nightmare fuel. There is art in this more than science.
Are you okay?
10 Minutes in and there are already some artistic and explanatory difficulties.  The electrons in your graphs are WAAAAAAAAY to big. They are absolutely tiny. That should be made more obvious.  And the Battery part with the same input & output amount and speed holds up for water as well. If i take a inline pump in a water tight circuit with the same diameter before and after, water will come in and leave at the same rate. It just has a different potential stored in it. On one side it has low pressure and on the other one it has high pressure.  Leaving differences due to chemistry and surface effects out of the question.   Edit after watching the End: You presented it in a way, which "eforces" it's relevance on ordinary people. That is what is the main criticism people seemingly had. Yes, technically you're right and yes you transmit a tiny amount of electricity, but it should have been stated, that this is a effect caused by rapidly changing elements. And if you can toss all that rapidly changing stuff out, the model holds it's ground unbeatably well. If I work with Hz or maybe even kHz, then none of this really matters. Yes you will have small effects of this somewhere, but wire and product design of electrical components leads to the wire path being the fastest way.  When you're in the common space you channel so much energy through the wires, and have a setup, where the distance between switch and appliance is multiple orders of magnitude larger than the far outreaches of the circuit, then you will see no difference to the real world.
Loved the Ansys simulations! Please let me know if you ever need a particle dynamics simulation, I work with Rocky DEM software.
i was waiting for this video good jobs everyone
I was convinced I would always be confused about electricity, now it's been proven that I will always be confused about electricity. Great.
There are too many comments to make sure that I am not repeating what someone else has already pointed out. So bear with me.  :-)      Someone observed that Derek approached this not as a physics "problem" but as an "engineering" problem. In my opinion, that's where things went astray because, as Derek himself points out, the "lumped model" is what is taught to engineers (as well as in the introductory physics classes which "everybody" takes). Only those who are physics majors go on to explore the wave concepts that are behind all this. But all habits die hard and are also "supported" within academia because "nobody wants to solve Maxwell's equations in three dimensions just to analyze a basic circuit." But here's the irony: those four Maxwell's equations were derived by a self-taught engineer (Heaviside) in order to improve telegraphy.   Those four equations have served us well until now because most of our applications are in air (which is about as close to vacuum in terms of interacting with electromagnetic fields but a submariner would immediately jump up and down and say they are painfully aware of the effects of water on antennas) but they are no longer useful when dealing with waves interacting with plasmas and/or other conducting materials (humble brag: I spent my entire professional life and I did not "totally get it" until shortly before I retired even though "it" had been staring me right on my face from the beginning). That's why the remarks by Rick Hartley are spot-on: once you get into high enough frequencies, your circuit is not just your board but the volume surrounding it (for example, think about a modern cell phone's two antennas, the one for receiving/transmitting and the one for charging).   Which brings me to what Derek said at 12:33 about which field drives the current: he opines that "it really is the electric field and not the changing magnetic field that creates the current." In an oral exam, that would invite considerable scrutiny since there is no time-dependent electric field without the magnetic field and vice versa. They go together and if one were "primary," then Heaviside's version of Maxwell's Equations would be... not true. (And, yes, I agree with Michael Permana that this is how science is done. And how science is kept "honest" because, let's face it, we are all humans and often we just can't give up what is in the text books.)
The photons are the particles that carry the electromagnetic force from the battery to the load. The electric and magnetic fields explanation is correct, it is another way to interpret the wave duality of the photon particles that carry the energy. The electrons are like the water in the ocean and the photons are like the energy in the waves. The water has to move up and down a short distance to transfer the energy of the waves.
You are inspiring people. Fantastic! Keep up the excellent work.
electrons  move around   nuclear   of atoms.   tranfer to another electron dorks   circling   protons and neutrons
electrons move fast   faster than sound
Fun act, it's not really the electrons bumping into atoms. What really happens is that the field modifies the shape of the waveform, and that in turns modifies the vibration of the atoms via so called electron phonon coupling.
I like how he keeps getting in science fights.
Hey veritasium, if what you just explained is true, then you standing next to the wire, when you flick the switch, the effect should be applied inside your body too, if you are close enough.... right?
Hahah this is the first video I saw on YouTube  with no dislike
When you learn more about electricity from Veritasium and Electroboom than university ^
This is why, when designing pcb's you need to realise that if there's a current through a trace the return current will flow on another trace closest to the said trace. In other words if you have a ground plane the return current is in the ground plane exactly next to the said trace. When no ground plane the current will take the shortest path, creating a current loop with all consequencess for that.
Not a mistake; a learning opportunity! As a HS physics/engineering teacher, I appreciate that you had the courage to put this up for us, thereby sparking further exploration.
the thing that boggles me the most is that, even with so much confusion on scientific level regarding something as common as electricity, we were able to build such complex devices like computers and satellites etc
Wow, I used to think that current and voltage are the cause, but i always felt something was off (As you said electrons leaves and went to battery at the same rate). Your explanation  is clear and fantastic, It answer my doubts and why we modulate transition line that why. Many many many many  thanks :) And thanks for introducing Rick Hartley - I just saw his videos, what a fantastic teacher
What you describe is completely commonplace. It is the transmission of radio waves, at least in the beginning.  Antennas are not light seconds long, but the electromagnetic field transmits the signal even though the circuit between both ends of the transmitting antenna and the receiving antenna are not connected.   It does not matter how long the line is for this effect.
Muito obrigado pelas suas explicações e essas questoes levantadas engrandecem a ciencia!! abs from Brasil
It’s giving Griffiths
I lost you.
@electricboom there is a problem again
Expert Youtube Electricians have been real quiet since this video dropped
There are tools that use this concept to find damaged parts in a data lines. After applying a Voltage the non homogenous damaged parts reflect a certain amount of current. This reflection is measurable and using the time delay it's highly accurate to localize the damaged part of the line.
Incredible video, thanks
Frustrated.  Don't be shocked if an old lady of 75 doesn't connect right away.   I am going to have watch a lot more than once to see how this actually works.    But eventually I hope to get it either here or in the next dimension.  :).
Can you insulate wires to prevent a field from being emitted? And then no power can be transferred in those wires?
I love the grace and tac Derrick so eloquently used when responding to all those that were so greatly doubting. I applaud your reserve.
ben watson is cute af
At the very least sir, your videos push individuals to think. That in itself allows for growth and expansion. All awesome!
Can anyone explain me this 4:36 I am a grade 9 student and love science,  thanks
Say that again.
He looks like the manager who work at PlayTech
Craziest part of this video was him putting that scope on top of that ladder
Wasn't sure if I wanted to give you a second click/view on one of your videos, but ok I give it to you, that your (intentionally) misleading first video perturbed people's minds and thus made them learn new things, which is a good thing.
This could easily be why my lightbulbs are dying.
Who would've thought electricity would be complicated, huh? "Magnets, how do they work"
I doubt the time for the charges to move is negligible at that scale
Great video. Why were the rails put at that height? Are there cables close underground?
It's an antenna...
As somebody who develops FEA methods, everything made sense to me when you brought in the lumped element method. People are getting confused by how far they are allowed to push their approximate methods
At approximately 7 minutes, you show a misleading magnetic field. A field that would be large enough to encompass the entire circuit is either high voltage or small dimension. A normal circuit will not have a magnetic field large enough to affect the other portions of the circuit. Your further explanations fail to quantify the amount of voltage, current, and component distance. So, if your explanations work, then explain how micro-circuits work and how there is a limit to how small they can get.
What are the 4 types of circuits? Резултат со слика Electric Circuit -Types of Electric Circuit      Close Circuit.     Open Circuit.     Short Circuit.     Series Circuit.     Parallel Circuit.
Why is it called circuit? The term "circuit" came from it being the "need to know circuit"—not only discos, but "in-in-the-know" places in the gay community that even included barbershops.
What does circuit mean in physics? A circuit is simply a closed loop through which charges can continuously move.
What does circuit mean in law? A territorial or geographical division of a country or state.
What does the word circuit mean in science? A circuit is a closed loop that electrons can travel in.
The term circuit can be used in a general sense to refer to any fixed path that electricity, data or a signal can travel through.
CIRCUIT = MARSH RUTA!!!
As god emperor of the invisible and visible. I endorse this message
Sir... Why is north star... appear exactly straight upon north pole... even though ..both Earth and the star is in motion... Why is it not deviating .. as other stars does...
An analogy to magnetism of EMF, electron alignment: The magnetic flux in a core created by a current through a coil is caused by MMF which aligns the magnetic dipoles having magnetic moment, i.e. the field in a core is created by (spin of electron pairs in) the material itself and does not contain energy from the coil.
I understood the first video. But, this is a MUCH better explanation. As a CSE, the issues with shrinking CPUs, voltage levels, and EMF between traces show the same effects at a smaller scale. It is also why we have delays for latching data from a buffer.
_"Charges on the surface of the wires"_  Those aren't electrons?
_"Charges on the surface of the wires"_  Those aren't electrons?
Saying that _"the electrons didn't carry the energy to the bulb, the electric field did"_ is like saying _"my house didn't burn down because the fire spread, it was directly burned down by the fire John Doe started out in the forest."_  In the circuit, some input caused a charge imbalance and the local net electric force propagated as a direct result of that.  _The water molecules didn't carry any energy, it was the wavefront that did it._  What the heck?  Maybe the problem here is that we are not used to things having a large sphere of influence beyond their physical dimensions and don't intuitively recognize that the electron and its electric field are inseparable?
So this is where university students hang out.
Physics girl just gave me an insane idea!!!!!!!  Buddy it’s hard to measure light because it has SEVERAL different waves!!!!! You can measure light with a high rate of frames per second in different directions.
The funny thing is: We could communicate faster than light can travel.
10:40 why is it 0 inside the cunductor but not in the outside?
I always have to laugh when people think scientist agree or think we are able to make absolute statements and don’t challenge ideas and each other.  We are human, science is about learning and understanding, not having all the answers.   These discussions can be stimulating and is part of the process, but ego can get in the way, true in general. All that’s needed is a bit of mutual respect and more questions/opinions than attacks and arguing.  I like his approach and videos addressing any concerns or challenges if it’s useful and needed. This is not my area of study/practice, but I enjoy understanding it better than I did in undergrad.
I appreciate this trend towards wild scientific claims that are actually true but invite a lot of skepticism, but being eventually followed up with experimental proof and an explanation of the wildly unintuitive physics. This is the wind-powered kart all over again!
When will this be a closed loop!!
Hey! We do the same thing in chemistry with the Boltzmann equation! Maybe you should do a video on quantum chemistry and entropy next.
has Electroboom responded I want to know whats my opinion about this
When various science geeks are arguing, I just shut up and learn from all of them. But Veritasium has always been top notch. But you'll always get criticized because you make too many counter-intuitive videos.... Like you're our Einstein. Lolzzz....!
Derek, you are so humble and unbeliveablly the best!
I'm feeling like Derek is pranking us.
We shouldn't forget that Maxwell equations are simplification, too. For that reason I think it's better to say that the energy is carried by photons, not by "fields" (mathematical constructs). Photons have momentum, they can transfer it when they interact with charged particles (electrons). When stated like that it's easier to understand. And the electrons - they don't "bump", they exchange photons and transfer momentum, too, in the wires. So I think they still do transfer energy by exchanging photons, maybe not the way you described it in the video. ;-)
I didn't understand anything 😎
簡潔かつ明瞭でとても素晴らしい説明でした。
Each time I see something about electricity it gets more and more complex. How.
I find electricity fascinating and I love learning about it. I have a pea brain compared to most of the geniuses watching this type of stuff. But the more I learn, the more I tell people electricity is wizardry stuff.
Got to admit that your first video sounded more like demonstration and not thought experiment.  In that respect it didn't quite make sense. This video definitely clears up the misconceptions.
Where’s ma boy, Tesla, at?
I am not convinced.
Can you repeat that?
Hey, new to this channel. Was wondering what was the inspiration behind your channel name?  Is is the Veitaserum - The Truth Potion, from Harry Potter?
Very nice explanation 😎
Isn't how wireless charging works?
What i got from a lot of this was:  "I misrepresented the scenario, made mistakes in what I said, but totally meant to do that so everyone is wrong and I was right!  So nyah!"  While I appreciate that you are attempting to correct the record, you actually seem a bit condensending Derek.  You cannot say that you made mistakes in how you represented the supposed "thought experiment" and then blame everyone else for supposedly not understanding what your point was supposed to be.  To then say you were right afterall is pretty absurd.  Why couldn't you just admit that you messed up, got it wrong, and then correct yourself while giving credit to all the people that correctly called you out instead of acting like they were ridiculous to do so?  It is disappointing.
This video was important. I and many others who criticized your prior video expected the inducted current to be a couple orders of magnitude smaller than it was. As you know the constants are pretty small. I hope you understand why we think the first video stretched the truth. There were two sources of electric field. One was the induction of the field outside the wire.  Whereas the field along the wire still had to progress to the new equilibrium in a way related to its length. Nobody serious about physics doubts the evidence for induction, but it felt like you were calling  the induction the sole source of power transfer.
idiots can never be convinced
Now it is right. You distinguish between rapid change and steady state.
The thing that isn't explained is "what is a field"? A field is just a mathematical description of the interactions between the particles. Saying "the field does this" isn't explaining anything except what we'd measure if we put something in a place to measure it.
So electroboom was right
I think sometimes that people are confused and think Derek is a "Youtuber doing science" and forget that he has a PhD in Physics. He's a boss.  As an educator myself, it is exceptionally rare to find someone who can take incredibly complex subjects and articulate them clearly, concisely, and in a way that connects with audiences who know nothing about a subject.  It's the kind of teaching that moves the entire field of education to a higher standard. The world is a better place because of Veritasium.
someone should design a circuit or program that puts out a really high voltage during the time it takes to complete the loop, then goes down to regular voltage so it comes on as bright as it will get instantly;  instead of getting way brighter once the full voltage "kicks in" or just starting off really dim.
@veritasium: I think you missed the chance to explain (and show experimentally) that the capacitance between the two lines depends on the distance between the two lines. The further they are apart, the smaller the capacitance, and the smaller the effect (i.e. the voltage that you will see at your light bulb).
Sorry, you're still wrong. The order of magnitude between your test setup and the hypothetical is about 1:30,000,000.  The voltage would be insufficient to overcome the forward bias of the LED.
@15:35 Just re-watched the episode about the 9th planet right before this and the lumped element model was specifically referenced in that video also but not by name. This was when talking about objects in the Kuiper belt being measured as a whole like we measure temperature and humidity vs measuring individuals like asteroids or air molecules.
this is misleading,  1:  how about you put your light bulb inside a metal cage?    2: and also, you can change the wire of the light bulb, then the electric field will reversed  and current will b reversed.
I'd make an electricity pun, but I'm drained. Shocking, I know.
Can you do a follow up video on this to how being electrocuted comes into play, like the actual science of being electrocuted from a circuit
I watched the first one twice and was still totally confused. I'll try harder on this one.
This is basically a communication exercise not a exploration in theoretical concepts.  Act yourself one question. Does the light work without the Battery? You can do devise a hypothesis, document observations, perform experiments-confirm or disprove your hypothesis.  Generate findings.  Unfortunately Peer Review has eroded by its very nature of the observation.  Agreement on basic terms such as Potential Energy and state the obvious regardless of personal bias.  If you [basically the circuit cannot perform work in conjunction with the light without the battery] cannot agree essential need for the battery, then all other opinions are in a subjective state.
"Now frequently an electron will bump into a metal ion and transfer some or all of its kinetic energy to the lattice"  Not quite right. The periodic potential that electrons are subject to results in delocalized states, that is, electrons are free to move about the material without colliding into anything. What they can collide with are impurities/defects (there's no such thing as a perfectly uniform lattice) and phonons, which are quantized vibrations of the lattice (sound).   You are correct that the analogy with marbles or a water hose is misleading (and I had a lot of trouble as a TA convincing my students of this!). But the justification you gave for this is incorrect. The fact that the average charge density is zero doesn't have much to do with it; you could still have a net force even then. Imagine a tube with identical numbers of red marbles, fixed in place, and blue marbles, free to move, both homogeneously distributed: there would be no net excess of blue or red marbles, even if you pushed blue marbles on one end (in steady state). Again, the reason has to do with the fact that it's more useful to think of electrons in conductors as occupying delocalized energy bands, and all collisions happen between electrons and elements that don't participate in the flow of current. If you're in a situation where this doesn't apply (presumably conduction through electrolytes in a fluid) I'd expect conductor-conductor collisions to represent a small contribution to energy transfer, which would dwindle to zero in steady state (since such concentration-driven processes only matter when there's a concentration gradient). Since for this problem we care about what happens before steady state is achieved, collisions should not be ignored a priori.  Finally, I think we can agree there was a lot of knee-jerk criticism to your initial video that was unjustified. However, I still think the way to frame this question -- that this is a flaw in the lumped element model -- is not quite right. After all, if you add the elements that are missing, the capacitors and inductors, you correctly predict what's happening, and perhaps that was the source of so much of the resistance (heh) to the argument. What we're seeing here, after all is "just" capacitive coupling, and you don't need to understand what the Poynting vector does to appreciate that, though it helps.
Very interesting.  Now, how does the field of a generator or alternator create energy? It would be cool to see that in ANSYS.
A good topic to follow this would be an explanation of how wireless circuits work. Great Job btw, loved the clear explanation.
Why don’t you just use like a few thousand foot long role of cable?
This is science.
If only a small part of the energy takes 1/c s, the you are wrong?
Did this title change?
Considering the cost of copper wire, this video is priceless
Can you make a video explaining why batteries die?
Make more mistakes, the follow up videos are much cooler :P
Amusingly, most ham radio operators already knew this model.  You essentially built a giant transmission line/antenna with elements of the correct size and correct spacing, and pumped an electromagnetic waveform through it at (roughly) 60 hertz AC (radio waves are also alternating current!)  Doing the math, a half-wave folded dipole similar to your setup would radiate 60 hertz best at... 2,500 km long.  Your rig is a smidge short!  Microwave power beaming is getting pretty crazy these days, just last month the Navy beamed 1.6kW of power to a receiving station a kilometer away.
I personally think the "problem" with your initial video was perfectly summarized by Dave of EEVblog, you opened the topic demo-ing the chain-link electron movement visual and then lamented about how wrong and misleading it. As Dave pointed out, nothing in the video was wrong but was information more relevant to 2nd or 3rd year engineering students studying the theory and not average people learning the basics. Even your best case for this approach, Rick Hartley, is explicitly communicating to circuit design engineers. Without all the additional theory and knowledge to back up this perspective, the idea of teaching this to kids is clearly fraught. There is nothing wrong with the lumped element model and the knowledge of how electrons actually move is frankly useless outside very specific occupational fields. As a senior EE who frustratingly spent the last year and a half of uni focusing on this topic I can attest to it.
I am a mechatronics engineer and I have been studying circuits for years, and I never liked it because although I could solve the problems using those simple models, it just never made sense to me. How is the drift velocity so slowl, yet its supposed to be the carrier of energy.
What would happen if the wires were infinitely long?
I feel like the problem with the first video was that you didn't mention induction. Imo it's actually pretty intuitive that energy transported via induction would travel with light speed along the shortest path through air. Also the focus on the very long circuit was kind of a misdirection, since as you clarified now a closed circuit is not needed for the effect to work. Therfore I would even argue that the radiated inductive energy which travels through air and the "conventional" electric energy which travels along the wire are two distinct phenomena. So it might be more accurate to say: The closing of the switch has some immediate effect on the light bulb (and everything else around it) that travels with light speed through air. But that effect supplies significantly less power than the conventional current, so the light bulb wouldn't fully turn on from it.
Wow, this thumbnail photo is incredibly misleading! He didn't get this bulb to light up in 1m/c s.
Maybe you should use layman's terms instead of trying to explain complicated scientific rules with professional jargon that most of your audience won't understand. I mean, I see the images, but because I'm not instantly recognizing the words you're using my brain has to filter everything you're saying. It's exhausting. So, I'm tuning out.
Clearly I did not do a good job explaining. Gotta love this guy.
13:20 Can someone help me with this thought pls: In my Opinion (which is absolutely dont trust) the blub would not still turn on (or at least not with the same intensity) if the circuit was broken at one point, bc then the opposing surface charges cant build up so they can cancel each other out and start the electic field propagation. Or at least it can only happen if the disconnected piece of wire was charged up beforehand. If the Wire piece was neutral, it would maybe (not sure about this) still a litte electric field from the charges distrubiting into the additional space, but it would not be als great of a effect as it would be with opposing charges i think Would be nice if someone with more knowledge could explain his view or at least upvote this so someone with more knowledge sees the comment. Thank u guys
Suddenly yagi antennas make more sense. Thank you
Alright guys and girls hear me out. I saw this video and I had a revelation. What if same way energy travels in that video happens with consciousness. consciousness comes from complexity right? What if our brain is lightbulb and part of the wire circuit and the rest of the mechanism is like, outside? The battery enables the stream that just ends up dissipating the energy of the system (expressing consciousness) in living organisms. The more complex the organism the more "energy" or cosciousness it gives off.  Disclaimer : I am not taking any drugs I just slept on it and it made a lot of sense in my brain. :D
Very well done!
@22:18 a mistake? it was probably one of the most impactful videos you have made! One of the things that people tend to forget is that science is a modeling tool. Every once in a while we get lucky and that model turns out to be how real world actually is. Other times, it takes centuries for us to figure out how our working models are different from reality. This might sound very grim but while science is not reality, it IS the next best thing we can ever get our hands on.
An amazing explanation for a complex issue :) If the electric field is on the conductor's external area, why do high current conductors are thick and not some hollow profile? How do this explanation correlate to the relation between the resistance to current and the conductor's cross-section area?
11:50 he states that the distance of the switch makes the difference. i think this is wrong. i think the meter gap is related to the the conductor gap. Would love to here an expert on this question/thought.
What about difference in potential?
Great explanation. Back in the days at university we had a lab exercise where we did something very similar. We used a roll of cheap Ethernet cable and put a voltage accross a pair of it's wires on one side. It was eye-opening to see that current flows immediately, and what was even more disturbing at the time: it didn't matter if the two wires on the other end were connected or not. Only after the time it takes for the signal to travel to the end of the cable and back would you see the current flow change at the input - and man, the weird up-and-down-jumps of the current flow over time had us puzzled. The exercise was to model the wire so that we could calculate the current over time and as a function of the load at the other end. Definietly one of the Ah-ha! exercises.
This is magnificent dude, keep up good work
I watch these videos just to remind myself how much I don't know.
My attention span, flat lined
OK! Now I finally knows how Electricity works!!
Imagine these guys accidentally make a time machine or worm hole
What’s even more interesting than this is anesthesia. Even the CRNAs and Anesthesiologists that perform it don’t understand how it works, it just does. I have been terrified of any “going under” since learning this.
Totally unrelated, but I wish Veritasium would do a video on dowsing, also known as water finding stick. Is there actually something to it or are those who claim there is full of it?
Legend 👏
I love this new model of "Today we are gonna make the entire yt science community flip its lid... next week i will explain why i was right the whole time"
Now this is the drama i am interested in.
Kinda dissapointing. The video compleatly misses what other peoples criques were. He's saying "hey, I was right from the begining, here's an elaboration for those of you who failed to understand the first time".  The problem wasn't that the first video was tehnicaly wrong. It was the information that was omitted - either for narrative porpuses or to simplify. The first video left you with an impresion, that wires don't matter. You have a duty to clerify things, like that only a fraction of the power is transmited directly. The first video gave of a "everyting you were thought is wrong" feeling, whitout clerifying that the "wrong" understanding is largely analogus if applied correctly and also has deep understanding in it.  He does adress this in the last fee minutes, but you know, the first 20 minutes.
13:31 is that how wireless charging works?
i like how he doesnt explain enough in his videos and strike back and prove hes right like the vehicle that travles faster than the air
So my question is this: It seems like the effect described would be removed if the wires involved were sufficiently insulated. Is this correct? Or do these fields transmit beyond insulation in the way that dangerous electrical effects (getting shocked) are blocked?
Great video, and I love the explanations, but I just have one question. You say that current can indeed flow through a disconnected wire, and use the simulation to prove that. But, does the current induced in that wire not come from the field generated by the loop above it? In the main experiment, that would be the equivalent of setting a battery next to a wire and expecting current; no potential difference would accumulate on the disconnected wire and thus there would be no current through the loop. Could you explain how that would work?
To me this makes so much more sense and allows me to better visualize and understand  the functions of electronics and electricity in general
In the experiment: what happens if you put a thick conductive grounded plate, between the two long line parts one in front of the other?
You are such a dude in so many ways. We have learnt so much form your videos, and developed a strong sense of the scientific process and that is something to be appreciated and commended.
This was great!  Thank you for revisiting and explaining the concepts more clearly, and for including all these other peoples' explanations!  It all seems a lot more obvious when you mention induction charging.  But, given what we've now seen in this video, I want to see the LED that turns on in the completely unconnected circuit one meter away from the battery!
haha it is not true, u are wrong again
Interesting simulations and awesome explanation from you guys. Learned a lot from this Video!
I am not there yet certain parts of electrical engineering and the science of electricity including mathematical equations are all weak points but i'm in the process of beginning a mathematics, science and technology module to build my understanding of the base concepts and hopefully some learning of equations in a hopefully less orthodox way than hammering it into my brain repeatedly with a textbook... if I am done with all this course and equations and reverse equations... next year I hope to do an open course with hand selected modules (with a careers advisers help)... vvvv  To have multiple specializations as I plan to be starting a company in the future thats more like an open course open... to as many fields of engineering as I can as I want to be able to create contracts for companies like nasa in building space devices to help as a solution with their creations, I plan to develop solutions for the economy using predictive scenarios on machines to predict the best outcome to help certain problems which current modern day economies produce in result how they work to find a better way to reduce and if possible remove those byproducts altogether  another is I want to help some things in the games industry so my teachers in my past games design course' time wasn't wasted on me cause I dropped out and theres still other ways to advance video game tech which can in turn help us stumble across new technologies overall for other fields... I am an inventor I understand certain things about the world on an instinctual level (thankyou aspergers and possibly savant syndrome)  but sadly when theres a risk to the science your doing like messing with a electrical things that blow up houses fuses and etc and risk electrically charging yourself into the afterlife it is important to understands through and through not on the instinctive and visual level I need to understand the numbers and I need to understand materials variables, factors and all sorts of kinda of equations that have been a plague to me for a long time (as in one that I avoided)  but I finally figured out that I want to make a dent in the world and this is the best way if I can have innate understanding of physics without mathematics imagine what could happen if i was trained and filled in the gaps and knew how to hone my abilities... it what give what i'm able to see in the world around me structure and context  it's going to be difficult I have a lot of disabilities and am currently in progress of getting help cause I can't read or process standard text and I will probably need my teachers to give me more practical outside of the box thinking to not only get me to understand equations but remember them as I don't have the best track record of remembering mathematics if it's not used in something I do on a day to day basis like space based things or physics, technology or videos games which my memory retains much better!  sad to say that despite the visual aid when you started throwing in equations it threw me off completely and as much as building a pc comes naturally electrical engineering doesn't... meaning I think it's too early for me to be watching this video....  However I will watch this video next year then 1 year after that and hopefully as I do this access module and then the 6 years engineering (bachelors honours equiv open course) hopefully once I have enough knowledge I am hoping I will be able to fully grasp what your saying cause you lost me at 8:29 I have a vague Idea of what your saying but I don't think my brain is conditioned enough to retain it I need to get myself into what I consider the mathematical language of science on that I am currently able to read I get bits and pieces but that's it!  My tutors have got their work cut out for them and I hope if things go well I will open a bunch of new doors for me... an engineer is a kind of a scientist these days and I always dreamed of being one but I always feared it was to big I always thought to myself "i'm smart, but i'm not sure i'm that smart" but now I am starting to realise the power of drive and belief and a decent capacity of comprehension once shown it the way that's right for me!  e.g. I learned quantum physics for cosmos and a book from 2003 that was called "Understand Quantum Mechanics without use of Maths" which I can't seemed to find anymore but it helped me alot in understanding things due to it's short paragraphs and visual diagrams applied into real life scenarios to put it into lamens terms for me even though I never understood it on the left pages filled with equations you didn't need to cause the visual representation on the right and standard English explanation was enough  sadly I have no choice now if I wanna continue I will have to learn it but... despite that you've helped me clear up alot of things I didn't understand through your videos heck you even explained something I did wrong as a kid which is why I couldn't ride my bike and no one was smart enough to explain to me it was something I would of had to figure out for myself which shows me despite my inate understanding of physics in the sense of visual models my mind creates it's still based on concepts and the world around me i've learned meaning it's folley to the same error as mathematical models  and my brain doesn't operate in the normal way of thinking but you've changed my way of thinking from your video representation of how cycling works my brain has already gone through self visual simulation via use of phto and videographic memory that next time I attempt to get a bike (I need to lose some weight somehow) I am certain I will be able able to apply what i've into practice easily!  I'm starting to wonder if I am developing the ability to replicate what i've scene given my muscles can do something just by seeing it.. I mean if I have perfect pitch then theoretically with the right mental training I do physiotheory the same way musictheory can hone someones ability with perfect pitch then perhaps I'll be able to learn whatever I want with those skills it's bold to say I guess  i've always been good at visualizing tasks as long as I can be given them in a context I can understand and retain then it becomes muscle memory of the brain (which I guess is just a funny way of saying I will remember it next time)
If you r single. I want to marry you!!! This is how much I love your work. Marry me.
Dynamite. I always hated the water pipe analogy when trying to teach this stuff because it's not "intuitive" as is so often claimed. It always seemed to me that these analogies were actually a hindrance in understanding the true nature of electricity. Lecturers would wonder why I kept creating bizarre challenges trying to understand as a student, and worse still is the amount of literature ("The art of electrical engineering" for example) that fail to actually explain the phenomenon.   I'm wondering if there is an analogy that could create a truly intuitive explanation for teaching?
Its a driven transmission line, which makes your claims easy to understand at a glance. Thanks for correcting your detractors so well.
So if you put lightbulbs with disconnected wires at the same distance, for the first 1/c seconds they will all light up the same but after 1 second the connected bulb will glow brighter (the full voltage finally reaches the bulb that is actually connected). If the wire was cut in the far end, you won't know after 1 second, which makes sense and doesn't break information travelling faster than the speed of light.
Every time I explain what I learnt my to dad from what u said from this vid he calls me insane n calls u a misleading idiot and when I try explaining to him says I've gone nuts even though ik u know what ur talking about sry for any offence tho ur vids help me a lot
stay in your lane
You work so hard on these man nice job.
Why does charge build up on the surface of the wire? Anybody know? That bit stumps me. It seems electrons leave the surfaces to go into the wire or the opposite, depending on what side of the battery is connected.
Derek, I want to thank you. You've taught me so much over your many insightful videos, my friend. Thanks in part to your down-to-earth teaching technique, I dare to peek inside the fabric of my physical surroundings. So thank you. 👍👍👍
Nerd drama is an untapped market
Good video.  I understood the original, but figured the energy transferred to the light bulb,while theoretically present, would be negligible.  Interesting that over a relatively short, but still on the order of hand spans, the field will actually light up a bulb.
1 MILLION METRES A SECOND! Unfathomable.
Another way to test the theory is to rotate the set up. If the electricity is only flowing through the wires then the only factor should be the total length of wires, so there shouldn't be a difference if you have the switch and light bulb on the long sides (close together) or on the short sides (far apart). But if the power is flowing around the wires then this change in distance should provide a measurably different result.
BURN THE WITCH!! 😂🤣😂
Well, ok, if energy is in the fields, then we will get another readings from identical circuit inside the ocean for example. I mean, speed of fields is different in different medium. Also, what if use coaxial cable for this experiment? This cable shields all field inside, so it cant go to the other side of wire in this experiment.
TLDW; it's magic.
Good argument. However.. AUUUUGHHH
Hey what about superconducting graphene ?
i thought that that was deliberate to create this responses
I grew up within a quarter mile of a very large radar dish operated by the Air Force as part of NORAD.  The dish, when operating rotated once every 12 seconds or so.  We saw evidence of this on our television, where lines would shoot across the screen whenever the dish was pointing in our direction.  We could hear the radar dish in the audio and on the radio.  I would regularly hear it on my stereo system after the record had finished:  "ZZORCH" I think they varied the frequency and perhaps the power, as some times were much worse than others.  There was an open field right next to our home, and it was surrounded by a barbed-wire fence.  I would walk along it out to the street to catch the school bus.  Once or twice, for whatever reason, the barbed wire acted as both antenna and amplifier and I could hear  the ZAP coming from the barbed wire.  Yeah, induction is a very real thing to me.
Salute to the Nicolas Tesla. He already know this.
As the son of an Electrical Engineer, I thought I understood exactly how electricity worked.  I had no clue about the fields.  This just wasn't talked about with my Dad.  He used the KISS principle I guess.  :)   This was an awesome video and I thank you very much for the explanation.  I am humbled by all the information that I was ignorant to.  I'm too old to go back to school... but these types of videos help me in ways that no book can.  Thank you again for the detailed explanation.
make a video on Ramanujan's infinity series.  where sum is = -1/12.
This reminds me of the intellectual battles of the old mathematicians.
My dumb ass finally understand why capacitors works after understanding the energy is carried by EM field not electron, thanks Derek!
these 2 videos and the respond/challenge from it has subtly change this world.
I don't doubt your first video about this because by experience in studying Electrodynamics when I was an undergraduate and graduate student in Physics. Analogies using water current and other mechanical systems cannot capture the true essense of the electric and magnetic field.   [I learn this the hard way, i.e., by going around learning general relativity, which has much complexities but similar to electrodynamics in some parts, and quantum field theories, which views fields as the most important ingredient to produce particles using excitations.]   The energy aspect of electrodynamics is not similar to our intuition due to the existence of Poynting vector, which is the reason why I instantly trusted your argument in the first video. The mechanism that you elaborate further in this video is time dependent, not quasi-static which we are most familiar, which then requires Poynting vector since magnetic field is not zero at this non-quasi-static state.   TL;DR Electric field acts unlike the predictions from our intuition. In Maxwell''s EM theory, the carrier of energy is both the electric and magnetic field, similar to how spacetime carries energy in the gravitational wave.
Could you pull a rope around the world without it drooping or would it just get tight around the ground???
U will probly never see this but incase u do, only ozzys from Vic will understand what I'm saying lol and I grew up in the same town aswell as towns close by.  Will u ever come back to the valley and visit tgon? Been following u close to 10 years now and as a drop out from high school, u helped me want to reeducate  myself so I went back and finished my year 10 and 11 but was able to finish year 12 due to work life and having children.  I thank u for the inspiration and many others like yourself, keep up the good work and know u have made a difference to alot of people.
Can somebody please address me how the fields change in alternated tension. I get the point of a continuous tension circuit but I can't see how the fields would change it's direction after the switch being flipped
If you want to research something just make a mistake. Others would make it easy for you to research by working hard on proving you wrong
I love when insufferable talking heads get body-slammed.
very confusing
I used to think I had some understanding of electricity... Now I know it's black magic.
"The clue that this is a thought experiment...." 🤣
Are you not entertained!
I believe with a passion like yours, maybe someday, you would discover something new together with all the other Youtubers in the world. Cant wait to see what you will teach me next... there is more than meets the eyes. ;)
Thanks for a great explanatory video. I love the reference to Rick Hartley which echoes my experience back in the early 1980s working on the design of circuit boards for the 1st transatlantic optical fibre cable (TAT 8). Back then we were breaking new ground with 140 Mb on a multilayered PCB. I was working on the joint collaborative engineering team between the equipment manufacturer and British Telecom Research Centre at Martlesham and we took care to ensure that signals were rooted as if transmission lines on the circuit board to get the cleanest signal possible onto the fibre
Could be interesting  to see how that looks with AC and especially interesting when it's of a high frequency.
lost me at 'cal-tech'
The map is not the real world! Great video!
So why not put the battery in a Faraday Cage? If it is fields that turn on the light, then with no fields propagating from the battery you would get no light. I still think this is a total wank. I am a Science teacher and it is stuff like this that irks me. For almost all of what normal people do, electrons being pushed by differences in voltage is a great model. Models always have their limitations but I miss Dereck talking about trees and mass, or what is hot and cold. Real down to earth stuff that helps understanding of Science and addressed misconceptions that affect us day to day. This does anything but. It makes Science less accessible and far less useful for almost everyone. Going this far down a rabbit hole and not doing a simple disproving experiment by using a Faraday Cage, which is an obvious falsifying experiment, smacks of experimenting to get a specific result. Dereck's a nice guy but he needs to do simple experiments to prove himself wrong, as well as prove himself correct. It is the same result from the Faraday cage experiment that would clinch it for me.
oh !  he burned you guys dudes !  sizzelean scortchoids !
I am from India I used to watch this channel`s video for better explanation of many conceptual topics but now I don't, after their video of energy does not flow in wires because I get humiliated for that same explanation this is the reason I am quitting these type of misleading YouTube science channels.
*Takes out the popcorn and scrolls down to the comments
This is just an example of a very inefficient wireless charging, your initial statements still don't hold.
Brilliant video.  I've loved following this saga from the very beginning.  What this video should also impress on people is that making mistakes is the only way we can learn...it shouldn't be viewed in a negative light but rather a road to discovery. Love your work.
Well... First of all, dear Derek, you have not stated in the previous video what you meant by lightening the bulb, so now you can say you meant something else. This is not how physics (and natural sciences more broadly) is done in reality. Second, the power carried by radiation drops significantly with distance, ~1/r^2 from a point-like source. Do you think that in the real scale experiment you would get the same level of initial power on the bulb as in your model experiment? Or, maybe, should we divide the power you observed by the ratio of distances squared????
If it makes you feel better, I believe you
Beautiful work, for real.
This is nice, but it's still reflects an illusion of knowledge. We have no idea what these electric fields essentially are despite having an understanding of the mathematical concept, you can throw tantrums like Quantum Electrodynamics/Photons but it does not explain the behaviour.
wow.. what a follow up video.. and what an attitude. a brilliant example of what a true scientist's attitude and humility should be! kudos to all your efforts! ROCK ON derek!
Is it possible to make a machine that can turn water into food?
Very good explanation. But only 1% of electricians will understand it. It behaves like water. Energy of a Tsunami is caused by a potential force at the source, and the single particles and atoms do not travel to the shore :P 14:24 we need wires because air is a dielectric, or bad conductor.
This experiment has already been done ironically.  Its called the large hadron collider.  It has a large superconducting loop in which electrons are shot from one end to the detector at the other end at near the speed of light.  And electrons are both particles and waves to essentially the same thing.
Is that how wireless charging works
superconductors do not dissipate energy and can maintain current without an applied voltage.  The electric field in a superconductor is also on the surface of the superconducting material.
I love you and your energy. You didn't make a mistake at all. All things happen for a reason. Thank you for being so beautiful in your acceptance of critiques from others. You are beautiful!
You create an electromagnetic pulse by closing the circuit really quickly, which can send out energy out at the speed of light. Everyone knows changing electromagnetic field can transfer energy (inductive heating, wireless charging). However, the main point you are trying to make is that energy can be transferred by static electromagnetic field as well in a DC current. The question you posed helps attract attention, but it doesn’t really help making your case at all, which I think is the main reason for all the controversy.
Could you shield the wires and avoid the small gap crossing effect?
But magnitude of that current will be small?
In this case, If the cable was shielded, we wouldn't see that initial current flowing?
I'm quite surprised that Tesla coils didn't enter the discussion. Aren't they the perfect example that show that energy is transmitted through fields and not wires?
EEVBlog made the best response video. He essentially says all the same things, including the transmission line model.
So what happens when someone gets electrocuted? Is that the fields too?
When a mirror breaks why do the pieces behave as individual mirrors?
Derek. You shared in your earlier video that professors (like you)  have taught oversimplified models of physics concepts, as fact. When you make a video that tries to describe a more accurate conceptualisation, after the incorrect one was taught as fact, it feels dishonest. If the science were taught for the purpose of teaching people truth rather than just ease and convenience of demonstration, I think your job as an educator would be so, so, much easier.
This reminds me of Tesla's remote wireless power transmission tower that he promoted as the future of power.
This is not why I started to watch this channel.
Legend
You are spending 20 minutes explaining induction. And while induced current is obviously non-zero, insisting that it lights the bulb is disingenuous. It's a brief current spike of much lower magnitude than that which will establish itself once the potential difference propagates. This is honestly not a good video.  P.S. And yes, it is absolutely induction. Magnetic field is just a relativistic correction to the electrostatic forces, and that's really all we're looking at here - effect of electric field propagation taking finite time, which is the definition of the magnetic field. If you actually do the math on this, there is absolutely nothing going on here not covered by the Faraday's Law.
My 1' s and 0's are not safe danger will Robinson jk the flow of electricity works
Amazing video
One of the best channels on YouTube. Always thought provoking.
Very cool lesson. Why did they use copper pipes instead of hair-thin wire? Also, does a hollow conductor work just as good as a solid one, since the charge is on the surface? Makes me wonder if we only saw part 1 of the experiment setup, and another video is coming out soon to test this hollow conductor?!
Now the pyramid theory is complete.
Atoms have a vibration correct? Do the subatomic particles within those atoms have their own vibration? I have always read that electrons are knocked off their valence shell but always wondered if when the vibration of a subatomic particular matches that of the electromagnetic field it is able to transfer that energy which is why some elements are radioactive etc.. I am probably totally wrong just wondering.
What if the transmission wire was a giant circle 1 light second in diameter instead of wires 1 meter apart?
I love your videos!
At this point, you should just agree with what Derek says 💀
PLEASE explain how this and arcing electricity are different. What is lightning doing if the field can invisibly transfer electricity through the air? Is there a threshold where plasma forms!?  PLEASE THIS VIDEO JUST GAVE ME MORE QUESTIONS!!
I've wondered how wireless charging works.  Now I know.  Awesome!
Is there something similar going on in EMFs used for broadcasting signals over long distances? Or are those actually traveling in a more straightforward sense of the term?
Jesus Christ !!! This is soo cool !!!
NERD ALERT
And what about the propagation of the electric field, how long does it take?  in the case of leaving the source terminals disconnected at the opposite end and connecting both terminals simultaneously, in order to force the formation of the electric field from the moment of closing the circuit, the time it takes to turn on would be the time it takes to form of the electric field gradient plus the propagation of energy?  would the energy begin to propagate simultaneously with the growth of the electric field in the conductor?
Another conclusion that we can find is that if the switch is in one corner and the light bulb in the opposite one, 1 c s away, it would take 1 second to arrive, and we would see the light 2 seconds after activating it, we are already in the field of why the speed of light cannot be measured, we talk about the maximum speed of information propagation for some reason God or whatever you want to call him put together these rules of the universe so that we have to think, work as a team, investigate, knowledge is the only way that humanity progresses in and out of this world
I raise another question, if the energy is transmitted from the point where the circuit is closed to the load, in the case of being under water that energy would spread through that medium, the similar experiment could be done with the same distances but underwater , isolating cables and terminals and somehow testing load and source to see if said propagation in the same distance takes longer
Science Asylum did great videos explaining similar things. Glad you noted one of their videos in your description. I'll check the rest! :D
you are very polite explaining how the approach of an engineer its not the same of a doctor on physics. there are different levels in matter,  talk to the macro and to the micro with the same laws its not always easy to understand when you aren't considering all other phenomenas involved in and on the case
For me, you should have started with the actual oscillograph and explain it afterwards. But that's me....
Only when analyzing things which are too large (need to take light speed into consideration) or too small (comparable of molecule) can you tell if a person really understand physics or not. :)
Amazing stuff, particularly the visuals from ANSYS!
very well done
I'll try how the bot works, then unsubscribe. Judging by the video,
One tthing that really needs an explaination is why you put your circuit 8 feet off the ground?
What happens when scientist present idea and engineers start picking it apart in practical terms :D
This is not a very scientific sentiment but I didn't need to watch a 20-minute video to know Veritasium was right and those electricity guys weren't.
This was truly wonderful and inspiring to watch.  I love getting to be a part of this community.
So, basically there are 2 different questions: 1) how fast some voltage appears in the lamp 2) how fast the full battery "power" deliveries to the lamp. Most people thought that the first video asked the second question, but it seems Derek asked the first question. That's why so many people disagree with the first video. Giving this, all these complex explanations are not required. Right after switch is on, the current starts to flow and increases from 0 to some value. I.e. during some interval this is AC current and AC current generates electromagnetic field (i.e. radio waves). One wire works as a transmitter antenna and a parallel wire is a reciever antenna. Radio waves have speed of light, so some voltage appears after 1/c. But this is not the full power. The "full voltage" arrives later (and this video confirms this).
Sorry guy, you still have it wrong, I did the math.
Ya stopped watching after that particular video.
I like the other guys better so i will choose to believe them. what do you have do say to that, nerd?
If it's true that electricity doesn't travel in wires then how do you explain microprocessors where the 'wires' are mere atoms apart?
There is so much Beauty in nature
I didnt get it
These videos are so well done, I learn more than anything from back in high school. It reminds me of when I was trained in electronic principles in the Air Force.
I had carried this doubt since my primary school till my engineering but still didn't had any answer but Now I can say that your video have some what cleared my view on electricity in circuits. NICE EXPLANATION
I'm still not sure about this whole electricity thing but the illustrations helped me realize what "fields" are.
Please do a video about the heliosphere
That's over $1200 of copper pipe!  😲
Your describing what i learned as “static voltage” which is voltage that has no way to its negative or positive side, the circuit shows as zero voltage, but if you check from the wire to the disconnected battery side, you will see the +\- voltage.  Things that load your circuit will show the same voltage on both sides, ie a transistor will show the same voltage on the base/collector, but if you turn on the circuit youll see the 0.7 voltage drop between.  The real question is what happens when the battery is the switch, no negative or positive connected until the circuit is completed, would it still been instantaneous? Since you dont have the static voltage sitting there.
I feel like I'm living in Nikola era
Phenomenal. absolutely incredible, and beautifully done.
Veritasium you guys should work with Tesla.
my brain is melt
Loved the video until you broke out the text and python scripts I had to use in college for E&M.... :P :P :P
I heard somewhere that Tesla was able to send energy in form of a helix in a cable that was super efficient and fast.
I still can’t believe that his content is free for us, we should be thankful
Nice effort. Still wrong! But very nice!
You know?  Some people get defensive or angry when people challenge their assumptions.  Respect and Kudos to you, Veritasium, for keeping your head and staying classy!  This is why I keep watching you!
Good explanation. This was more educational than the 4 years at Engineering school
That was a great video. I didn't understand a word of it but I enjoyed looking at the pretty pictures.
I've been eagerly awaiting this rebuttal video. Hopefully this video and all of the responses get put into a compilation someday. This may be the pinnacle of Youtube achievement.
You missed the point, again. We all know that current can flow through magnetic fields. However, it is clear that in a circuit the BULK of the current flows through the wire NOT the magnetic field. This is clearly shown on the scope in your own video. Your first video implied that all the current flowed through the magnetic field and not the wire itself. This video is simply backtracking and saying that some magnetic field current could turn on some type of light. You have not backed up your first videos statement where you implied that ALL the current flows in the magnetic field and not the wire itself. Clearly this video, like all the other Youtubers videos, has proven that you are wrong and the bulk of the current flows through the wires themselves. If you know anything about wireless power transmission then you would know that it is far more efficient to transmit power through wires rather than wirelessly. Do better.
If you want a correct answer to a question, no need to spend millions of dollars, simply state something that *sounds* incorrect on the internet. Everyone will be champing at the bit to propose they are correct. Their theory or evidence may not be. But, they'll leap to prove themselves.  That said, the information that is provided by them, can be analyzed, then experimented with, to see which is least disprovable.  Proposal, Experiment, Analyze (attempt to deconstruct or "debunk).
YouTube should launch a debate version
Well done Veritasium! You've got LIGO's help! In fact, up to now, we have only discussed this issue thoroughly within the special relativity regime which can be handled by Maxwell equations. That's why HFSS simulation works. If a real circuit is built between the Earth and the Moon, we need to consider the general relativity effect, i.e., the Shapiro delay. Its measurement indeed is related to LIGO technology, but a version in space, like LISA.
Min 6.49 “with electrons moving on an average the radius of a proton”. This was said to underline the fact that the electrons’ movement is limited, but if we look through the electrons’ prospective we could notice that this movement is not so limited. Since a proton is 1840 times bigger than an electron, his radius(protons), if I get the calculus right, is approximately 42 times longer then the electron’s. Btw I really love this channel, in every video I just learn something new
I have still some questions left from surface charge model of circuits and one of them is that "Suppose we connect a wire only to the positive end of the battery ,we know there's gonna be some net positive charge on the surface of wire to cancel the electric field due to battery but if that's the case it would mean the battery has accumulated some of the electrons of wire so why do textbooks  say that battery doesn't accumulate charges? And how in this case the potential difference across the battery is maintained???
Shocking.
with Mars rover stuck on Mars for two decades.......
Tensors theory that scalar is rank 1, Vector rank 2, Time rank 3, acceleration rank 4, horsepower rank 5...... then ..... guessing why bother ahead....after IBM capacitors legacy about problem of forced acclimation.......
Just because thinking in electric fields gives us the answer to this thought experiment doesnt discount the fact that thinking in terms of voltage and current is wrong. In fact I thought the the metal chain analogy running through the tube was a GREAT way to illustrate current as electron movement... though analogies have limitations, which we must always acknowledge.  The problem with the first video was that Derek was over generalising the explanations for this highly specific set-up to label our current understanding of voltage and current as misconceptions...
Is that a MiagiDo top or not🤔
Wouldn't it be the electromagnetic field and not the electric field alone pushing the electrons?
These are the wars we need. Youtube wars over any science subject.
thanks dude !
As a 52 year old electrical engineer, and continually being surprised by how our simplistic approach to lumped circuit models can be tricked in very small spaces like DRAM and NAND design and signal transmission lines, this still blew my mind, as most of your videos do.  Love your channel.  I can only imagine how Galileo and Newton might have benefited from an instant response from other scientists if they had had youtube.  Grin...
I've read that with alternate current there is almost no movement at all. Or at least not of a paquet of electrons along a wire or even one electron (but, with the quantum nature of everything, it gets, uh fuzzy the more you approach the Planck scale) ALONG the wire, they "move" very slowly if at all.
Actually, the bulb will start emitting light in zero seconds, as per the equation for blackbody radiation and the third law of thermodynamics. Coming up, a video where I explain how I am totally correct and definitely not an asshole ;-)  For a practical example of how much current can be transferred over a large gap, some dude got in trouble because he laid out coils of wire in his barn to leech current from an overhead transmission line. He leeched enough that the power company noticed and he got caught.
I mention about Japan get killed in a tour boat and 181 aircraft of 737 and IBM capacitors’ problem for dynamic Electronic Weight Scale about proximity sensors have issue about “forced acclimation”, kind of weathering problem........
We all have watched Magnificent Seven’s Steve McQueen and Robert Vaughn about “man from United Nation Clearly Laden with Errors in Tensors Theory, while graphic Programming could use Transformation matrix for 3d motions.
Japan got killed even get me punished due to dynamic Electronic Weight Scale, just like case of Alaska’s fishing boat in 2019.
What i like about Alpha Pheonix getting into the debate is that he is honestly scary smart. Like stupid scary smart, and clearly goes to great lengths to simplify examples and avoid confusion. His videos don't only teach about the topic at hand but help build intuition for further thoughts about how the world works. The biggest good that came from this debate is giving his channel more views, and the backlash highlighting that you shouldn't frame a question to default yourself into being right. Something that is harder to identify in the non-beta sciences.
IBM mother boards are legacy problems with capacitors while proximity sensors went extremely popular beyond anyone.......ranging from Mobile Phones to GPS Radios interference ain’t mankind further dwelling with when perpetual energy led by Europe satellites.......after 181 aircrafts of 737,
The voltage is only 1V on the graph after power up the circuit. 1m / c = 3.33 ns. So the power less than 4mW. And what if the wires are shielded?
Superconductors do not have 0 resistance when there is current flowing and/or electric/magnetic fields present
Now my last neuron has just comitted suicide..... can someone out there explain how conductors can be "insulated"...????!!  😳
How the electric field, gravitational field and magnetic field can be forces if they re not touching the es, atoms or particles..?
Still not easy for me. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I think you’re trying to hide the fact that in the original video the important thing was where the switch was placed, but you were not aware of it. Five months ago, i sent this comment:  “You consider the distance from the battery to the bulb, but it should be the distance from the switch to the bulb. In your representation of the circuit (0:20), the switch is placed in an undetermined position between the battery and the end of the loop. Even if you take the distance shown in the Derek presentation (about ½ m), the distance from the switch to the bulb is not 1 m but sqrt(1+0,25) (applying Pitagoras to calculate the hypotenuse). Or maybe you think that when you turn on a switch at home what matters is the distance between the bulb and the power plant ?   Well in fact I’m not sure if the distance to consider should be the distance from the switch to the part of the circuit facing the bulb plus the distance to the bulb (1.5 m at least).  In any case, the information can’t travel from the switch to the bulb faster than light.  Another factor is:  what amount of power do you think is required for the bulb to emit light ? I would not dare to say the bulb “lights on” unless it receives at least 20% of power. Does it happens in 3 nanoseconds ?  To Summarize, this video is not honest.   It appears to discuss how electric circuits in general works, and to settle it presents a circuit which is supposed to be a good example. In fact, in the video a more normal circuit is presented (7:14). But purposely the sample circuit is like a great capacitor. This is intended to confuse the viewers, and then say “no, I’m smarter than you, the answer is…”. It seems to suggest that in general, the distance from the source of power to the load is the only thing that matters. But your “joke” is flawed.”
Remember attending a lecture in final year at school where this was explained.... That was in 1974!
Excellent compendium and explanation, well graphically clarifies concepts that for years had to be understood using the imagination, Maxwell would be proud, but he would also say, "I told you so"
so... do I get this right? Plug a battery into an open circuit enough times and it will actually deplete even though it didn't actually power anything, only rearranged charges?
Never thought I’d see a great science debate in my life.
It would be interesting to apply these concepts and simulations to long-distance electrical transmission from power plants to homes or at least to distribution plants, also taking into account the behavior of alternating current.
Ok; I think you've finally put the nail in this one. Good work.
awesome video Sir!!
A productive mistake, if you still want it to call it one. Just your two videos on this (haven't read any comments or watched any of the responses) opened a 'useful' can of worms challenging me to question myself as a teacher of basic electrical (in automotive repair) and whether and how much I should try to push out more information than what i currently do. Unfortunately without an equivalent interaction of fields and forces in the area of learning, whereby i would learn 20-30% of what i needed to know, basically instantly, just by having 'opened the can', I'm left with the dreary practical considerations of how much time I want to sink into furthering my knowledge to no practical end simply to make me feel better presenting myself as the 'subject matter expert' talking about.. fixing cars. Hopefully one day I can break my addiction to the instant gratification of being able to quickly fix things that took years to design and commit real time to learning enough to have created them in the first place.
The guy is going to secure the future of his children with this dilema
boxing match anyone??
YEEAAAHHHHH ACTUALLY WE DONT ATE OUR FOOD!!! WE JUST CRUSHED EM INTO SMALL PIECES THEN TRANSFER THEM INTO THE WORM LIKE ORGAN CALLED STOMACH !!!REMEMBER KIDS!! U DONT EAT EM !!
checkmate !
I see all this animations, understand nothing but keep watching. How can science explain this?
This is mighty sensational!  Please explain why semiconductor physicists can design semiconductors, and their doping based on electrons and holes, and accurately predict their functional parameters if electrons don't flow.  Why is "resistivity" a thing?  Resistance to what? (again the functional parameters such as voltage drop and heating are easy to predict with conventional science).  I used to really enjoy this channel, but as an EE, I can't trust it anymore.
I’m missing a lot of vital info required to understand this explanation. Something *sort of* clicked halfway through the video, but I got lost again around the 15min mark. I feel like I know JUST enough to inspire a superstitious fear of the technology I previously (and blissfully) took for granted. Can anyone link me to a video that can help me understand what this guy is talking about? I’m not even sure what question he is attempting to answer 🧐
Great video
Your comment, "To illustrate this, Ben added a wire below the circuit that is completely disconnected from it. You can see that its response to the changing electric field is virtually identical to that of the top wire, at least up until the signal reaches the far end and reflects back. This is why my answer doesn't break causality." Is spot-on. There are people who get free electricity by suspending a wire underneath an overhead power line so that the power is attracted to the cable and people get free power. Great video.
This guy kinda deserves a nobel prize for all this work and his YT channel
Looking forward to Mehdi response.
1:54 That is one MASSIVE troll face if I have ever seen one lmao
Can someone explain to me? Why does the bulb light brighter when the circuit becomes fully closed? Because the energy starts flowing through the wires which is more efficient than through the air?
Just... Please make more of this. We need scientists acting, reacting and explaining their point of view while being entertaining.  Can't wait for the next ElectroBoom video.
if you have a independent wire under HV power lines it will pick up the electric field on the independent wire as + and if you measure the earth it will show a current small but present and a range of voltage.
i would love to see a more in depth explanation of how and why the electron sea's density changes when a battery is put in. and how that mathematically relates to the probability of electrons (i know the schrodinger equation but still struggle to really visualize it)
Could you not insulate a wire from outside electric fields and see what happens?
"Naughty Mr. Veritasium" 🤣
following this video (especially the thumbnail image), what is live(+-) vs common(0) polar?
Coooooooool! Working stable
Some thing you missed out is using the same model you made and putting the battery and bulb just in the farthest part of the circuit. Just to confirm it takes longer times to spread the electric field
Well done, as always very interesting. Keep up the good work!
Does this mean if the bulb and source are x meters apart, it will take x/c seconds for it to turn on ?
can lightning form in space ?
This is what Tesla was on about.
So we're just displaying capacitance?
So Derek invented a dipole antenna. <slow clap>
I loved this, thank you Ve for teaching me cool stuff :)
Ok, but where can I get that sweater???
Lesson learned - if there's any topic you want thorough videos about, just make another video that's got mistakes! Then the internet will produce hundreds of explanations on the topic.
Get him, Dave!!!
When  wanted to be smart, but it didn’t work out and  had to record another video, where you try to be clever even more, but in the end you make a completely different conclusion. And the energy goes not just close to the conductor, but precisely along its surface and choosing an LED so that it lights up from a microscopic induced voltage is not cool!
Nah bro you're wrong. E=mc^2
Do a video on free energy, plenty of examples on the internet that ur channel would be great at, also do it on wireless energy like what tesla was talking about, or the mercury pools in the bottom of pyramids, it was used for power
I was perfectly happy with the 'hose' analogy.  Why?  Bcause it's the only one of this bunch that tells me in simple terms "don't stick your finger in the socket!" or "don't hang on to a hot wire, because you will feel very bad as soon as your body gets grounded."  Both statements are useful advice even if translated into surface somethings and whatnot.
Normal person question: Doesn't this mean all lightbulbs in the close vicinity would get turned on regardless of being connected to the wire? That would have been a great demonstration: surround the switch with non-connected bulbs and show how they light up for a split second until the fields realign around the wires. Maybe collab with one of the youtubers that make those "1 million FPS" videos :)
Really enjoying the new thumbnails
could you shield the switch from the battery and have the circuit not work?
Cool
Pretty sure it's still not... If energy was actually carried by fields SSDs, processors, and many computer parts wouldn't work. Memory and states would be CONSTANTLY knocked out of alignment.
As long as the truth is revealed and everyone is in the know..there are no mistakes.
this is the smart side of youtube drama
so back to the beginning with the conduit field conduction.
Gotta love communism
What about neurotransmission?
so basically the title and premise of your first video was a click bait, and you were just saying that antennas exist?
Good  job....
What Michael Permana said sums it up perfectly.  And kudos to Derek for owning up to the issue instead of being defensive.
what about with AC?
I wish I was smart enough to see clearly this science, I have to be content with my little glimpses.
Don't let the smoke out of the wires
Although this video contains quite a few excuses, it's good to see that Derek actually admitted his faults. - He said that the question was intentionally vague. - He said he was worried that the voltage might not be enough. That means he didn't really know the answer when he made the first video.  Anyway, it's cool to see constructive online discussions like this. This is probably a meta-strategy employed by Derek: presenting a wrong thing first could be a good teaching method.
ok he recognized  a regular bulb won't light on 1/c, just the a signal can got 1/c like a answered
Thats just too weird
Very nice, Derek. Very nice indeed.
OMG, this video is a masterpiece.
Now try the following experiment. Replace your conductors with two coaxial cables, using the inner conductor of each to connect up the circuit and earthing the outer  conductors. Now it will take 2s for the lamp to come on. Why? Because the field is 'trapped' inside the coaxial cable.
Propagating electric field .  That is as long as the material is a conductor.  No actual electrons moved.
Can you make a video about the venturi effect and how it affects water, gases including air, and vacuums?
I should add that it's the photons that carry the energy, which they then deliver to the electrons. Feynman makes this clear with his diagrams. The interactions between the electrons are of course carried at the speed of light.
Iv been skipping this video for days finally here to watch hopefully it's actually pretty cool
If you could travel at the speed of light and you looked at a photon, what would it look like?
Thank you for clearly explaining something that caused a lot of confusion for me as an electrical engineering student.  I would have benefitted from a much better understanding of surface charge gradients and the limitations of the lumped element model.
Nice. And correct. It might help to mention Gauss's law. Electric field is defined by charge distribution,  div E = charge density divided by permittivity, so  you cannot separate the two into 'sheep and dogs'. As always with this sort of thing, Maxwell's equation apply and the energy does reach the lamp in 1/c seconds, as you say. Dirac takes it further with a relativistic quantum- mechanical relationship between the electrons and the photons, giving the same result. You could mention that. Bill Dixon, The Hague, Netherlands.
this, with the first part, is one of the best youtube videos ever
OK baš please tell me
Wtf.lot of lite lays,o if we don't get donot worry just give little time while we blab some other stori but wheat super, change coils i transmission line and that is it
What about line loss?
It's hard for me to explain but I'll just tell you some easier story has nothing to do with this one because it's hard and yeah
Oh now you said it because it's hard because it's hard they
Please please please please please will someone explain to me what is the speed of light and can I try to do I need some gadget that can marry
Never boring... And useful !
Omg I love these episodes these are all the things I always wanted to know  The TLDR is at 12:07
I was misleading for educational purposes. LMAO
Now you are touching on what Nicola Tesla was working on from 1872-98.  It will never be a steady or constant Voltage or Current when using a battery. Well, a standard dry cell battery that is. It will begin to lose charge immediately after closing circuit.  The only way to be sure, is to observe a conductor, under an electron microscope, while it is under load.  Current doesn't do anything. Current is the measurement of flow of electrons at any given point in a closed circuit. Saying things like that is not only inaccurate, but confusing. Especially when you said it multiple times. I suggest you be more careful on how you word things, to avoid confusing your viewers.
Your videos are incredibly valuable. Thank you.
Just... Incredible! Thank you for everything you do!
ilove this kind of topic also i immediately see electroboom after seeing your first video for another opinion then here and you are explaining ♥️♥️♥️♥️...love it
Your entire concept should be a No brainer, especially when you account for the resonant frequency generated by an electrical current with regards to "Cross talk". If your theory was wrong, then we would in a vacuum, never need to have shielded wires. The resonant frequency of the wires beside a shorted wire would not carry over to an exposed wire IF your theory was wrong. In reality, as we have found, the cleaner signals in digital technology always come from shielded wires, and the more "dirty" signals always are affected by the "cross-talk" of neighboring wires. Further proving your theory to be exactly true.
No I just heard they found the speed of light is that for real could someone tell could someone tell me what is the speed of light so i will be first in my comuniti to know,
Isn't all switch on off off off one on and off but someone said speed of the speed of light
I'm sorry again I was I'm sorry being I was brought on think on to you later and I
this is what im waiting for 😊
im slightly lost, he makes it seem like electrons do not flow and that they do not carry energy yet he mentions current throughout the video  and even shows them moving
I learned about how electrons don't travel through the core of the metal but rather through the EM field surrounding, and I'm still foggy on how it all comes together BUT I enjoyed the initial video well enough. The response videos were good, Electroboom definitely put his personality into it, and this response video was very well done as well. Someone should do a super cut and a gist explanation!
I never doubted you man!
Interesting but confusing video. I still think I dont fully understand it, particularly since it seems like you admit it was  kinda a trick supposition originally (which is rather unsatisfying).  It sounds like you are saying,  the lightbulb will "light up" in 1m/c seconds after the switch is thrown.. but it will only emit full light from what we'd expect from (full voltage from power source passing through battery) after  (length of circuit)/c seconds.  if my summary is correct, then i would still like to understand better why the circuit is neccessary at all, and why the field starts spreading across the 1m gap, instantaneously, when the switch is closed.  It would be nice to see a much, much shorter, simplified video going over that bit. A video aimed at a beginning physics high school student, lets say. Whereas the current video seems aimed at a post college physics graduate.  It could also be nice to see the example of the non-attached non-circuit wire, have a lightbulb inserted in THAT, and compare the two setups.
Great vid but if u got the 14mw of power then you should have disconnected the ends of the experiment and showed the light actually comes on in 25ns :D
Great follow up to your initial video.
Yes you're absolutely correct but only a physicist could make a transmission line  sound this complicated.   PS the velocity constant in air is .99 C, just saying
When you look close enough, basically everything's a field.
I understood this one much better. Well done man.
He said load lol
Are You Not Entertained?
Doesn’t the capacitor act as a open circuite in t=0?
Monsieur doesn't seem to understand the difference between induced current and galvanic current. He should also understand the difference between magnetic and electrostatic induction.
I like how it took him till the 22 minute point to say that he was wrong... but not really that he was wrong, but that he was right all along and simply didn't explain well. His previous video ABSOLUTELY was deceptive. I feel vindicated on at least two points here:  - The units in "one over C seconds" were wrong - which is why I rejected that option initially - The "the light turns on at any current" hid the fact that it doesn't reach full voltage right away.  The props in the video were also misleading - even if "for illustrative purposes only."  He could have convinced me in 10 seconds that he was "right" if he'd said "imagine two antennas that go out for 1 light second - when will you detect a current in the current detector one meter away? But he said that the "detected current" in the other antenna had to be enough to turn a light bulb on.
Is this a reupload?
Excellent lesson....my entire physics knowledge during A levels has been a lie !!!! thanks for this great video.
In trying to be click baity he messed up and ended up confusing everyone.  If he wanted to pick electromagnetic propagation outside the wires to "light-up" the bulb as an answer, then all the description about wires etc is just misdirection.   If he says, hey, I did not discount electromagnetic waves outside the wires as a solution in the previous video, then he should also not discount leakage current as answer too. He is just cherry picking the answer he likes to justify the "mystic" nature of the answer.
excellent video; i saved it so I can try to understand it better later, lol.
I was one of those believing I and V are the main actors but my misconception is cleared so thank you for that.
How does it work with Solar energy?
Videos like this are why the internet is great and TV is not.
Thats still far behind current knowledge about physics.
I blame public schools
😬😬😬 the power comes from the field, yikes! All aspects of "electricity" come from the electromagnetic field tensor.. this includes the electrostatic field which moves perpendicular to the magnetic field. Than there's the conductor and all the phonons, thermions, and equations between them. Superconducting wire? With what, a Josephson circuit?
7:22 When I see this, it gives me a headache just trying to imagine all the fields in a CPU/GPU/APU
Ok, Derek. Milliwats are not the same as amount of energy. So, I bet the energy amount radiated when the switch is turned on will not be sufficient to light on even the LED. Proof I am wrong!
I think a lot of the other science/electronics channels sorta forgot how ignition coils in vehicles work on this one.
If I had seen this video before highschool would have skipped all my physics courses
não entendi nada
Actually the “Cavendish pendulum” didn’t work…. Lol 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
The more i learn the more this topic amuses me
In Ur transmission model as u switch on Battery as in here... why u r not  considering the transient  behaviour of Inductor as it should be open ckted meantime when capacitor is charging.
How about this. People talk about hardening the electric grid to be less vulnerable to electric magnetic attack or the threat a sun burst would cause. But they never talk about what hardening would entail. From what I’ve been told, to bury high voltage wires would require heavier gauge wire in order to lower resistant and the heat generated from electricity transfer. Which means more copper usage which would mean getting more copper from countries that aren’t our friends. Which means we would be funding their ability to attack us for the very reason we are hardening the electrical grid. It’s a catch 22.
A mi no me  convenciò
So, in the case of the hypothetical wire that isn’t a closed circuit, does this imply it would briefly receive a small signal (enough to dimly turn on the lightbulb) before (a light second) later turning off?
If the cable was shielded , then it would have been 1 second. This would have been a good example along with the original video to clarify things
no need to promote those electrical engg losers who dissed you! where they now huh..especially that electroboom...i hate his vids
i so wanted to enjoy this video but sadly it went way over my pea size brain XP but i enjoy all of your content, even if i don't fully understand it ;)
12 volts DC would not have induced enough current to light up that bulb, as in the original video. 110 volt AC could have possibly done it with that setup, but you showed a car battery. You really shouldn't sacrifice real science to the algorithm gods, especially when your channel is more or less named after the goddess of truth.
Have you actually ever been wrong about anything you were convinced you were right about?
This was one of  the best discussions on youtube. A bunch of people trying to understand and work it out, fail or succes. This was a wonderful ride, lol, thanks.
Give a complete explanation and the average person gets lost. Give a simplified explanation and the experts feel the need to correct you
I am just an egg, but this explanation means that we can transmit information faster than the speed of the light over one open circuit by just changing the voltage/battery? Thank you for the videos
14 milliwatts is about the same as the stuff I understood in this video. Still, it was fascinating.
Can you do a video or short on why water isn't flammable?
Still...
Hardly your fault!  It's like surfing, we don't know what the other responses are to the waves we (are not focused on) making with our authentic creative idea and its communication.  But its that same authenticity that responds to the waves reflected back at us!  Making for ever more refined clarity (if that's what the rest of the "field" is connecting to produce).  It's like the EM field - we just are ignorant of the how other nodes are curious about connecting in circuit and producing a greater load producing more light, than just the simple low wattage led light that was intended to illustrate!
19:00 "After just a few nanoseconds". How many nanoseconds, exactly? What is the travel time for light across the gap in your experiment, and how does it compare to "a few nanoseconds"? Light will travel 1.2m in 4 nanoseconds. Will your led be visible after 3 nanoseconds? Were you explicit in the original video about your light bulb, or did you leave it for the viewer to make the assumption, never stated, that the bulb you used in your mockup was not representative of the bulb you were "really intending" us to think about in the thought experiment? What did you mean by "turn on"? Did you mean "emit the amount of light a reasonable person would expect a turned on bulb to emit", or did you mean "emit at least some detectable amount of light, given a sufficiently low power LED in a sufficiently dark room"?   This video seems to claim that the original video's key claims were entirely accurate, and only some minor "orbiter dictum" was erroneous. "It's the viewer's fault", you appear to suggest "not to read my mind and know what I really wanted them to think about". You even throw some shade with the "duh, of course I wasn't using this particular physical bulb, I had thousands of kilometres of superconducting wire, it was obviously just for demonstration dumb dumbs".  Sorry mate, but it's on you to be explicit. Everyone obviously knew you were talking about a thought experiment, but the fact that it was a thought experiment with thousands of kilometres of imaginary superconducting wire doesn't mean that your thought experiment didn't use your "demonstration" bulb's specifications, since you never said otherwise.  Too smug by half.
You shouldn't question science. Wait... that's exactly HOW you do science. Kudos for addressing  the naysaying properly.
3:01 hold on, electrons can travel at a MILLION meters-per-second? I thought that the speed of light is the absolute speed ceiling of the universe, which in a vacuum would be around 300,000 m/s? I know next to nothing about electrical sciences so an explanation would be greatly appreciated :)
I'm literally so drunk, depressed, and numb to care about what's going on in my battery or electricity cables
This is science at work! People presenting theories, explanation of equations, and ending with an experiment.
Recap of school physics 😅
Electrical Concept gets Electrified...!!! 😀😀
I'm glad all of you guys are discussing this topic since I'm learning a lot from this, sadly my electronic engineering teachers are way behind all of you so thanks! Also now I think I understood, since for electric current to "flow" one electron from one end should push a little the next electron to create a wave and thus a flow of electricity and for that to even happen an electric field is required, because that electric field is a part of the electromagnetic force of nature it can spread at the speed of light. So once the field is all around the conductor the electron wave starts right? Now I agree it would be 1/c seconds. Thank you very much, I look forward to see how this discussion continues and what we learn from it.
This channel is brilliant. Electricity is one of the subjects I never got very clear at school, so some of the concepts are still challenging
"Sike, this was RF black magic all along"
Great stuff this is how human kind goes into the future!!!
It's Ironic that we are still arguing on this topic today while my boy nikola tesla already know this before internet is a thing. Now I Fully understand why nikola can turn on those bulbs without wires on it.
Happy Accidents. The philosophy of Bob Ross as applied to an electrical experiment. Anything that generates discussion and exploration coupled with a safe space to allow for encouragement of error is a good thing. The more we try and miss, the closer we come to understanding. If only we could make all human interaction so fruitful. 😎
I have a  degree  in electrical Eng. (doesnt use it anymore) but I feel like I understand how it works better now. 😅
Great video! In your explanation to the causality at 13:20, shouldn't the main circuit in the simulation be open on one short side to model the situation? Will closing the switch then just fill all the virtual capacitors, leading to the same field at the bulb, despite the main circuit is still open?
Motion is in all mass in gravitational fields of forced motion holding mass together. Cold resistance is needed to repel heat into motion. Repelled heat is in magnetic fields in resistance to motion. Heat is outward pressure. Heat rising rapidly through a atmosphere, burns through gas releasing gravitational fields of forced motion into electricity, producing waves of light and sound. Electricity is heat from releasing gravitational fields of forced motion holding mass together. It is releasing gravitational fields of forced motion into free flowing motion of heat. Gravitational fields of forced motion holding mass together releasing heat into atmosphere of space in resistance. Thermodynamics constantly cycling resistance throughout mass in occupational space. Increasing motion makes or breaks gravitational fields of forced motion. Too much temperature variations affect gravitational fields in stability, and equalization is disrupted. Gravitational fields of forced motion holding mass together are stronger resistances than Magnetic fields of forced motion. All mass is gravitational fields of forced motion. Motion is heat, Repelled by resistance of cold space, that is a stationary  negative field of resistance to motion. As mass travels through space, resistance is constantly transferring through mass in equalization of forces.
if electric power does not travel inside wires why do high current devices like starter motors have such big cables ?
You are a good teacher. Thanks for sharing your knowledge
seeing your white hairs is so weird to me, can you dye it?
I’m curios, does internet cables work the same way?
Great way to respond to the questions from the audience!  Thanks Derek!
13:20  So why the bulb glow only when you on the switch. When the switch is off the Circuit is not complete, so th bulb should have to glow
21:50 explains why radio transmitters with bad shielding mess with everything
The way I always looked at it through the lumped model and how I was taught was the same way as what Derek is saying- Voltage (Potential difference) does the Work (carrying energy) per unit charge. And what is an electric field? It's the difference in voltage along a certain direction. The moment before the circuit is closed we term it as 0- state and the moment after circuit is closed is 0+ What we usually mean by 0+ is that certain time involving circuit length and width parameters has passed (usually negligible in day to day life as circuits are as small as few cm) in such a way that electric fields have already set up enough in a way that work can be done by the electric field across the circuit. Thus a lot of things in engineering are indeed shortcuts- well defined shortcuts   So the fact that fields carry energy wasn't new. I was able to however take away so many new concepts and things in detail, bringing light to the current understanding of electronics and physics with this video. Thank you Derek!
Watched this whole video and still don't understand how electricity actually works.
We believe ignorance is not bliss, we like learning, and a few mistakes don't deter us! We love you and we love your work! ('We' as in 'I')
I'm just glad to see people much smarter than me were just as confused trying to understand how and what exactly is happening. Thank you for this.
It's easier for me to understand black holes and nuclear fusion and nuclear fission than electricity for some reason. I learned something watching this video but don't ask me to explain it. If I can't learn electricity, it's only a weakness of mine and has nothing to do with the teacher. Derek thought me so much with his videos and to me, that makes him a great teacher. If you need an electrician just don't call me, I'll probably burn your house down by accident!  Thanks for the video and the decade of teaching, you have no idea what it means to me.
If the charge only builds upon the conductor's surface, why does conductor diameter matter? Is it just because it increases surface area, or because of heat buildup? What happens if the wires are more than 1m apart, if it was a lightyear diameter circle?
Since you've dived deep into the question of scientific realism in this video, from the engineering and scientific point of views, you should take the whole trip and discuss it with philosophers also. What you've put under the spotlights with the first video, the responses, and your second video, is how much engineers and scientists lack perspective on their own methods and ways of thinking. That's what philosophy, and especially epistemology, are about.
I have a doubt and wanna get a confirmation that "current(electrons) doesn't flow through capacitor it is electric field in the form of current", is this right ?
Einstein : If I were wrong, wouldn't one be enough ?
My respect for this channel just grew by 3x. Very nice explanation I would recommend this for physics masters students
watch AlphaPhoenix, you won’t regret
I undergoes 4 year in EE degree and managed to graduates without understanding the essences of what I study. If this were upload years back, I slightly be a less ignorant fools than today.
It's funny to me that I watched this video and videos of other people responses mostly because of the drama aspect :D
Actually the experiment is very misleading and Derek only recreates something that electrical engineers have known for over 100 years.  His experiment shows that electromagnetic energy can flow through free space.  For over 100 years, circus acts have been lighting electric bulbs that have been bathed with electromagnetic fields separated in space from the generator.  So yes you will be able to light the bulb in a little over 1m/c seconds.  But his 100,000km circuit is irrelevant since the light bulb would light up even if there was no cricuit connecting the bulb, as he shows in the simulation showing the third unconnected wire.  If there was a bulb in the third unconnected bulb the bulb would light up!  The Wire connected to his switch acts like a transmission antenna and the wire 1m away acts like a receiving antenna.  This is the simple case of an infinite length dipole antenna which many electrical engineers learn to solve in school.  If the battery was connected in a loop with the switch and the bulb was connected in the loop, bulb would still light up!  So all the talk of a wire to the moon is irrelevant.  A long time a go, in engineering school, we were taught how to ignore irrelevant "givens" in an engineering problem.  What is misleading to people who don't understand electromagnetic propagation is that most of the energy in the given circuit will be guided by the wires and this energy will in fact traverse the circuit based on the propagation velocity of the electromagnetic field in the wire.  This is typically between 60% and 80% of the speed of light for wires typically used in the real world.  Of course, the miniscule amount of energy propagated by electromagnetic radiation will  reach the bulb in a little over 1m/c seconds.  It's really a trick question that never fails to confuse unwary engineering students. (Not me.)   If there was an electrostatic and magnetic shield between the switch and the resistor (bulb), I am sorry to say that Derek's circuit will not see any energy measurable by his oscilloscope at the resistor (bulb) until the energy propagating through the wire reaches the resistor.  That's why Ric Hartley states at the end that when designing printed circuits "you better define the other side of the transmission line".  In the case of Derek's experiment, the other side of the transmission line is the wire connected to the resistor and the ground plane of the earth.  These are not at all mentioned in his original question. So we can just as correctly assume that the wires are isolated from each other, for example if he used properly grounded co-axial cables or an infinite copper plate between the wires.  Btw, electric current can also be created by a changing magnetic field.  In this experiment, without doing the math, I think that the currents he measured are probably due to the changing magnetic fields arising from the currents and less from the electric fields arising from the 12V voltage present at the switch.  So if he wanted to be precise, he would have to talk about the electric and magnetic fields and the changes that happen as the switch is flicked.    The illustration showing the steady state electric field set up by the battery existing at the bulb are actually irrelevant since these will not materially change until the electromagnetic field propagates through the entire length of wire.  The miniscule currents he saw were due to the electromagnetic propagation through the air.  The Oscilloscope display is an excellent illustration of the superposition theorem which states that you will receive two separate effects from the two separate sources involved in this experiment.  But if what he really wanted to ask was how long it would take the electromagnetic energy that is being transmitted by the current and voltage that is building up in the wire to reach the bulb 1m away, then yes the correct answer is 1m/c sec, approximately.
So is this what Nikola Tesla's wireless tech was about?
Great explanation!!
The term “toy model” where a simplified equation will work in small scale but in the real world has so many other additional factors affect the result
I have watched this video multiple times but I still don't understand how electricity works. Is it because I majored in biology and not physics?
Light travels through the water at the speed of light,a slightly reduced due to the density of the medium. Is the water moving at the speed of light? the answer is no....
this is why no one should be silenced.... just because you might word stuff wrong it could change everything.
That’s heavy dock!  - Marty 🛟
Can we pause and respect the academic conference ongoing at 19:45 aiming to screw in a light bulb, please?
Imagine you go into your house and all your devices just start charging magicly.  If there are no health risks it would be the future.
This is well better !  One important aspect is still missing, leading to confusions:  far-field and near-field approximations (or equivalently radiative and reactive field regimes).  The far-field approximation applies for the first nanoseconds when the immediate areas on both sides of the switch emit waves in all radial directions, explaining the small amount of power received on the load side at that moment (most of the energy is radiated in far space). In the far-field approximation regime, the fields propagates through waves. Technically, Maxwell equations drop to two coupled propagation equations (called Helmholtz equations). A scalar voltage cannot be even defined in this case, you need to add a potential vector.  After a moment, different sections of the wires start to interact (the Fresnel intermediate regime). You must use the whole set of Maxwell equations to describe correctly this intermediate step.   Only when the whole system gets in electrical equilibrium, the voltage can be defined, the Faraday's shielding gets effective (zero field inside conductors) and the Ohms law can be safely used.  In some specific cases, the problem can be cast into regions; some small ones (compared to the wavelength) where lumped model can be safely used and larger ones where the two fields propagate in a guided manner (wave-guide approximation).  This problem is really hard to tackle correctly in its entirety even for the best engineers. May be a second correcting video on this topic one day !
If the electrons go back to the battery, they will carry some kinetic energy back and keep recharging the battery right? But, why does the battery run out?
why the switch turns of the blue wire and not the red wire?
22:25 Well, you wanted people to think of the field and your mistake made them do just that.
Well, I think he got some heat for making something simple overcomplicated and adding the claim that we were thinking of it in a wrong way. That tends to spin up people. Lessons learned I guess. Oh well, don't let that stop him from making great videos.
If the energy provided to the electrons is from the surface charge of the wire. Could you hold an opposing charge in contact with the wire each side of the bulb to stop or reduce it from gaining energy?
youtube, please remove his original video for misinformation. hope DHS track you now.
I like how Derek says "the truth is" and then declares his own misconceptions. In fact, the truth is Derek is trying to justify his blunder by appealing to side-effects, such us parasite capacity and induction, which can be effectively eliminated by increasing the distance between wires (lay them in a circle, for example). 2:40 yes, for long distances, electrons in a conductor usually carry energy much better than em waves through air. That's why we use wires. Electrons are the carriers of em field localized in the linear conductor and they both carry that field AND carried by the field. Exactly as water molecules in the pipe carry the pressure and are carried by pressure. When hydraulic piston is engaged, pressure wave moves along the sleeve with speed of sound (in that liquid) while liquid itself almost doesn't move at all. 4:50 in a water hose, liquid density is also the same in all points. Doesn't water flow in a hose? Derek is confusing charge (density) and potential (pressure). There IS a potential difference in any segment of a wire under current, created by electrons localized in the wire and moving through it. Just like there IS a pressure difference along water hose where water flows. 5:20 battery is NOT a magnet and it doesn't itself create em field until its poles are connected, and the current creates it. Poles only have different potentials, not charges. 6:20 wrong again. There's no any charge on a conductor surface. If there were, conductors would attract or repel each other depending on the pole they are connected to. In real life, they may attract or repel only depending on the current direction (if you simply reverse the wire position, you'll toggle attract/repel). 6:52 funny enough, Derek understands how a moving electron creates the field, but somehow doesn't realize that this is exactly how field is created ALONG the wire, not towards its sides. Electrons only tend to concentrate towards conductor surface in cases of very high frequency currents (vhf conductors sometimes make hollow to spare material). 7:30 that would be a "good analogy" if we   assume that the shepherd physically kicks each sheep's butt and the whole flock moves along the path using the kinetic energy of those kicks. The "barking dogs" is just the wire's insulation, which literally guides the electrons along the wire, not letting them out. The fantasy of the surface charges is a voluntary rubbish. Even if they took place, how in the hell would they "guide mobile electrons"? They are even pictured in different polarities in the video.. wtf?? 8:00 what this picture MAY depict, is a potential, not charge
Damn this is crazy detailed. Cant possibly imagine the research, time and effort that went through to share with us this. We appreciate 🙏
the actual way of self correcting
Awesome Thank You 😊
What happen if we have two switches
thank you for openning the box of Pandora=)
You mentioned the guy doing this is the guy who worked on the 'gravitational wave detector'. Good choice...if you've got someone who can detect 'ripples in the curvature of "space time" '  I'm pretty sure they'll be able to  find just about anything you want them to! lol
God, humility really is the most beautiful trait.
You should do a video on magnetism and special relativity
I'm pretty sure this is what Nicola tesla found out and why his data was destroyed. No way to market it if it's free. Right?
aaaaaand this is what the future of communal education looks like.
An entire Section of Electronics Subject, in the BE course I just completed, in <24 mins. Hatsoff
Alpha phoenix did great job by simulating the whole issue👍
Excellent! If I had about 6 questions before, then I now have about 2. And probably about 3 new ones. I’m getting there!
no one ; Veritasium : lets say rewrite the dictionary , love you man.
i kinda knew this before the video. ive always thought that this was the only logical explanation of how electricity moves through
I feel this video went too quickly past the statement that the fields start almost immediately across the entire circuit and the statement that the circuit despite having a broken wire the light still would go on.
uhh what?
Checkmate. Now please look into Primer Fields by David LaPoint. Pretty please?
Boxing match let's gooooo..
Maxwell was a super brain
In your lumped element model of the transmission line circuit, I think you should distribute the inductors equally in both the top wire and the bottom wire.
It’s electric boogie-woogie Woogie
Notice how he had to cheat: using stout PIPES in place of 'wires' to increase the initial current between them. Large surface of the pipes accounts for a large capacity between them and allows a much greater initial current when the capacity is being charged. Some people disagree(d) with him, because what he shows now simply wouldn't be possible with the 'wires' that he originally mentioned. (Watch the real experiment by AlphaPhoenix.)
Great demonstration and explanation. Makes me appreciate my EE professor even more. He always stressed that all wires are capacitors.
Another question is How do Integrated Circuits where the individual components and pathways are in the 4-10 nanometer scale, work? Would all the electromagnetic fields just form a huge fog?
If a van da graff generator is used to charge the surface of the wire. How does it impact the flow of current?
I wish Thomas was here in the comment section and would just end this youtube war once and for all lol
How good is the internet.
Sir, I have some question. Please answer them.   (i) If charges present on wire cause the electrons to move then why we need potential difference? (ii) why charge develop only after placing battery if the wire contains millions of electron then why a battery cause accumulation of charges on sides? (iii) If we somehow manged to generate charge on a conductor by rubbing , the generated charge will start flowing because its a conductor then it will have both electric and magnetic field so now the bulb will glow continuously without any problem is it possible.
23:06 Respect!  Love the shout outs to all the critics.    That makes you King 👑
Bravo
I’m curious after hearing this how would electricity work with a positron (anti-matter version of electron)
THIS was totally new information for me!  How exciting.  Now a few things I had pondered about electricity make more sense.
So... Is this how a TDR (used to detect faults in phone lines/etc) actually works?  This is the first time I've actually heard an explanation that actually makes sense. 💙
Touch My Camera Through The Fence!
He's literally using youtube as a platform to do science. He makes a hypothesis, posts it publicly, and everyone else comes up with ways to do it better and science happens
Happy you mentioned the Poynting vector!  What I would l or somebody else also present is the effect of the impedance.  I mean just as a few examples where the signal propagation speed is presented as % of "c" for different coaxial cables, say 50 or 52 ohms versus 73 ohm cables or 300 ohm flat ribbon TV antenna lead.  Your circuit could be easier built from a coaxial cable, just cutting the shield right at the same point where the battery and the switch are and installing the load (or termination) resistor at the gap of the shield.  Of course, you need to determine whether you want to leave the far ends open or short the center to the shield at those places.  The two options produce either voltage type or current type reflection from the ends.
I usually have to wear a drool bib when I watch your videos because obviously I don’t understand the bulk of it but still a ton of fun to watch.
I think you have confused waves with particles, but they are the same, and this video is more about electromagnetics
Derek, I appreciate the humble approach to clearing up the misconception. None of us are perfect, and as you well know, some of the BEST science discoveries happen from little mistakes. Stimulating people to think in stead of telling them what to think is the best teaching we have.  Bravo sir! Keep up the good work.
If the electron is a wave, how can it hit anything in the wire? Wave just pass through
Thank you for teaching me what school teachers did not :)
YOUTUBE BOXING MATCH LINEUP VERITASIUM VS ELECTROBOOM TIME TO SETTLE THE SCORE
Thank you for both of your videos. You have revealed one of a kind mystery to me. Much appreciated
-so what exactly are electrons? me after completely misunderstanding this entire video >well elctrons are basically tiny sheep
this is such a difficult path to explain what an EM waves is!
Would this mean if there are two bulbs in the circuit and one is further away from the switch, the one near the switch would turn on faster?
Haven't you learned yet Derek...you KNOW there'll be reactions like this, when you don't delve into the subject. Then again, perhaps that was on purpose? Great video.
Hi Derek - I wanted to say a couple things. The biggest is that the thing that really threw me off in your first video is that I did not realize that when you asked how quickly the light would turn on, you meant "even at a reduced power level" as you pointed out in this video.  I thought you meant "turn on at full brightness/voltage/power".  Now, I went back and watched your original video again after watching this, and you DID in fact say that "the bulb won't receive the full voltage immediately, it will be some fraction.....", however it was said quickly at the end in a way that just made it seem (to me at least) like a sort of minor footnote.  So I missed it.  In fact it was my lack of realization that that is what you meant that made me totally doubt your previous video.  And everyone else I personally asked about your original video thought the same thing (that you meant "how long to fully energize the bulb?". The next thing I wanted to say is that in this video you say that the original example of the battery-bulb-300,000 Km wires wasn't intended to be the focus of the video (paraphrasing you here from 22:25), but it was what everyone focused on.  Implying that the example you gave was just meant to be a minor example to illustrate the main thought experiment.  I do love your videos.  But I am not a scientist, nor an electrical engineer or physicist.  For me to understand the more complicated parts of your various videos, I NEED to focus on the real-world analogies that you give.  Because that is the ONLY tool that I have that can lead down the path to fully or partially understanding the underlying science of the videos.  I say this not to insult or criticize you, but to maybe help improve your future videos (if by some miracle you actually see this comment out of the thousands you get).  I really think that when talking about really complicated and counter-intuitive science like this, the analogy or example you give should be the main focus, and things need to be very clearly spelled out.   Nothing you said in either video was incorrect, nor deceptive.  However the first video had a few things that were... not as clear as it could have been to a layman like myself.   One mans opinion.  Greatest Respect.
Thank you for this follow up, it answered most of my question I had from the original video. But I have two new questions. 1st: You said that energy is carried by fields around the wires. Does that mean you could charge your phone by placing it next to a fridge cable, for example? 2nd: Animations show that once you close the circuit, it momentarily transfers energy to the unconnected wire. Does that mean everytime you close a switch, it affects other circuits close to it?
Why not put two bulbs in the line, one closer in space to the switch but farther in the line, and the other one opposite? Which one is turned on first?
I like your video. I have read it before. Could you proof the current from field effect by using a Cage of Faraday, that one can close and open hence putting the current on and off?
To complete the picture, I'd suggest two more variants of this experiment: One where the the loop forms a big O but the wire loops twice along the same path before completing the circuit, and one where in every instance that two different sections of the wire get close to each other, it's always a crossing strictly at a 90 degree angle.
Despite hinting at it, I am a bit disappointed that you didn't take the opportunity to test moving the switch location to adjust the propagation delay. A flawed model may still be able to predict a single datum, but testing its predictions from parameter variation would have been much more satisfying.  Also, I don't think incandescent light stems from nuclear radiation, so vibration of the nucleus isn't what generates light. IIRC, it should be the rising and falling of non-conduction band electrons.
So the homie nikola was right u can do the zap zap wireless
No wires, no light bulb on!!
Alpha Phoenix's video is fantastic.  He did a great job explaining and demonstrating this problem.    Your first video was simply wrong, and I feel your defense is grossly dishonest about your original representation.    "The answer should have been 1m/c" Yes, that's the correct answer as pointed out by others, but it lights up fully in 1 second.    "causal use of units"  is a euphemism I've never heard before for covering up mistakes.  Alpha Phoenix's result disproved your original position and he did the experiment before you.  Using his results to "back up yours" is also dishonest.  Your "point" could have been easily expressed using radio science.  That would have been a far more honest way to present this idea, and it's a concept well known and well understood.
My biggest issue with your previous video is that you did not mention about so called transmission lines. In this video you did. In other words "even" engineers know about this "feature" of electrical current, just in more simple terms. It does not seem to be all that remarkable.
People think this is drama? Scientists LOVE being wrong. It makes them dive deeper than before and keeps them on their toes. Science isn’t rigid. It’s meant to evolve. It’s meant to be challenged. This is what scientists have done for centuries.
I have never posted on a YouTube video before and decided to share my wisdom of my view of the universe now with you all take this information and do with it what you will but a future nod towards my direction because of your future success in this new way of looking at the universe would be appreciated the only thing you need to understand to explain this and many other things is that electrons do not carry energy as though they are a rising tide of a wave they simply connect the energy flow that is always around us allowing for a more efficient path in which this energy will condense and become usable for our technology
he is confusion me by explaining all misconceptions instead of focusing on reality
Can you do a video on AC to earth (not a transmission loop, more how electricity travels when a person gets in the way), and how shielded wires effect this? Or point to videos that explain those concepts?
I don't understand why he constructed this so far off the ground?
Isn't this the bases of Tesla's attempts for near instant transition of energy without the wires?
Nice! Thanks for further explanation! 😊😊
is this the method used for "wireless electricity"? Sending charges using a field?
Looks like any negative comments got scrubbed. I bet there were a lot of them.
He does it for the clicks.
Alpha Phoenix is going to have to make some more YT logos quickly after this plug!
V=IR is missing the t component for the circuit. This equation is the "steady state" of a flowing current. These "simplifying assumptions" are done all the time in EE and Physics, making Derek's original question confusing/misleading.  Please, explain how AC power works. When I flip on a light switch at home, how and when is the generator, in my case the Grand Coulee Dam 300mi away, affected? A more interesting question: The circuit at the generator is opened. How long does it take before the lights at my house go out?  This "should be" the same answer as your DC circuit example, but forces us to think in different terms, as AC is inherently "confusing" when the wrong model for power transmission is applied.
Quick , switch off the device you're viewing this on , it was built on a misconception.
Please explain how modern CPU's (with millions  of transistors placed nanometers apart, working at many GHz ) exist?
I really when Youtubers of Science contest each others opinions. Each one explains their side in a very detailed and intelligent manner. There's no drama, just information of proving/disproving one's statement. Please continue making these "colabs". It allows me to keep an open mind and learn in the process.
This is a learning curve to Ve to consult experts first to seek opinions before publishing contents
@alphaphoenix hype
Misconception #1:   Derek is wrong.
Isn't that just inductance? I guess the takeaway is that everything is in the presentation.
Yeeeaaa... Just a lowly marine electrician here. If there is no moving partical like an electron, what the hell are surges from large load disconnects? Ac or dc? And what makes up a changing magnetic field if not some sort of moving partical?
I'd love to see a video from you about gravity. From the Ptolemy or whatever model, to Einstein and Milgrom, with so much we still don't get and how that is. Great visuals as always, keep it up, you're such a precious element on the table!
I am thinking why the bulbs of my house are not constantly on. Someone, somewhere surely has a circuit closed.
Sir, you made a video that distilled nerdrage into several varieties of physics. I think "got it wrong" is an understatement.
Can anyone provide a link to the video with Rick Hartley?
Are these the properties of electricity Tesla was going to use for central power transmission without power lines? Yet another genius so far before his time his work is still not understood. Also static charges seem to demonstrate these properties, power without direct contact and magnetic fields.
To be fair, misconecption 2 is not actually a misconception. The electric field is not just a magical aura, but it created by charged particles. By saying that an electron is pushed by the electric field, you're saying exactly that the electron is being pushed by other electrons and pulled by protons in whatever direction. While yes, this isn't a train scenario where the "electron behind it" is pushing the one in front of it, it still isn't accurate to say that the electrons don't push eachother in order to create the current. Even the electric field generated in the disconnected wire 1 meter above it is just a conceptual analog for all those electrons moving into positions that force the 1 meter above electrons in a direction.
Q: How many Youtube Commenters does in take to screw in a lightbulb? A: They never got past arguing about the definitions of lightbulb and screw.
Could we shift earth away from the sun to lower global warming ?
Rick Hartley is the KIND of person I was wondering about (in terms of PCBs) and his ratification of Sean Carrol's 10+ year old lecture that "reality is WAVES" (in answering the question asked by teachers, is light a photon or a wave propagation) ... as that'd best illustrate the point.
"Matter bends space, space tells matter where to go", the field tells the electrons where to go?
SCIENCE!!!!
One of the things that’s confusing me is that the illustrations show the electrons flowing in the opposite direction from the field inside the wire but then the field the is shown to radiate out in all directions like a sphere. So what is the force in the video the electrons are moving against?
Great  explanation 👌 👍
me, not understanding a single word: “mmm fascinating”
This is how you fight on youtube. Just loving this back and forth.
😯
Hey, @Veritasium I am a big fan of yours.  A good explanation in this video. But I think still there is some mistake(s). At 13:20 you said “the bulb goes on regardless of whether the circuit is completed or not”, like how it is possible, as the current through the distributed parameters (capacitor) is far less than the load current (through the physical transmission line). The electric field will indeed approach the load at the speed of light here (1m/c second) via the distributed capacitors of the line but the current through these capacitors will not be equal to the load current, like if so then why do we use transmission line in a close loop to drive the loads. We use close loops (lines or complete circuits) to direct the electrical energy to the loads. Like if an incandescent bulb is connected then the power out is I^2R, let a 120W bulb is connected and the source voltage is 120V then the load current will be 1A, this current is high as compared to the current through the distributed capacitors so this will not work. Also, if the circuit (light yearlong) is excited with DC source and it is open-circuited then how the bulb will go on, after some time (transient time) the line capacitors will be charged then how, like how it will justify KCL, KVL, P = VI = sqr(I)*R_load, ohm’s law, etc… My whole point is that the load current will flow through the transmission line, not through the distributed capacitors… Also, the simulation results don't need to match the practical results (referring to Ben’s simulation for the open circuit…) @ElectroBOOM please do corrections (if any)… @ElectroBOOM
It is not easy to react well on so many people saying "you are wrong". Maybe it's just me, but it seems that Derek suffered a lot from it emotionally, more than he wanted to show. If you're reading this Derek, you do a good job. It's fine if you make mistakes and only find out later. People telling you you're wrong, will always be much louder than the ones supporting you in silence. You don't need to prove anything. Own your mistakes and wear them with honour. Keep the good work
I wish I could understand anything you're trying to prove in this video. I'm not the brightest bulb on the porch.
Dude, you opened up a Nicholas Tesla like wormhole; You, this channel, and the World will never be the same.
I have 2 questions.  1. Here you say that even we don't have a close loop we can able to turn on the light. But how? Yes, there is an electromagnetic (EM) field and that bulb is inside it, but isn't it too low? 2. You said that we are using wireless charging and relate it with the EM transmission of power. But, as far as I know, that is for EM induction and it needs 2 coil/wire with ac power in one end so we get a magnetic field and with that magnetic field we can generate power in another end. Can you please clarify these two. [Sorry for my english and writing quality 😅]
The first bump is not what people consider the „on“ state of a light bump. You are still trying to sell it to people as that.
Honestly my problem started with 1/c s, as this is not a correct unit of time. Also in your first video you sold the first on state as the on state everybody understands as the on state of a light build which is not the same thing.
This is what YouTube disses should supposed to look like!
9:25 - so a circuit is effectively a railgun for electrons? So the technology does exist and could be applicable in the future, just not with metal rods?
I lost you in just a few minutes.
I am so glad that you corrected the "1/c s" thing. You had lost credibility in my eyes. This video on the other hand was perfect, especially the fact that you give credit to other YouTubers (Alpha Pheonix in particular). 👍
Why even teach the high School Version of this to students. The content in high school Physics is so much over simplified its more or less a fairy tale. Just focus on reading, writing and maths instead and save this for the college students.
If this model were correct, the initial current would not be less than the full current that happens once the current travels through the circuit.  Just because you can get a bulb small enough to run off the magnetic field around the circuit conductors, does not prove that the bulk of usable electricity runs in this way.  Do it with a 60w 130v incandescent bulb.
After a month: “Are you still not convinced?”
Lmao this is so dumb why didn't we think of just putting bulbs on random wires that dont connect to the switch at all they will still work fine.
The word field is used many times. Could someone please give me a definition of what is a field in the subject of physics
If a misleading title is all it takes to refine science, so be it.
Expand the experiment. Mirror a second circuit 1m away from the leg with the switch, tapped at 10m, opposite the leg with the original resistor. This second path will contain a like resistor which should produce the same results. Now magnetically shield the second circuit, only the half not being shared, and you should see different results. This would require a 3-ch scope, or use the two channels for the resistors to see the timing difference between them.
Nailed it this time 🙏... Also respect for mentioning Alpha Phoenix🖖
Nerds are dangerous. Example: Bill Gates! ---- Good video!
Then this validates some of Sir Nikola Tesla's wireless transmission theories...
TL;DW: The lightbulb lights up due to electromagnetic induction, the same thing that makes wireless charging possible.
Have you made a video on how an electron can create an electromagnetic wave that we use daily in communications? @vertasium
My brain is now burned now. I studied electrical engineering and I can't even imagine how this works, but I know it must work because of maxwell equations... Oh and to answer this you should be a scientist, not an engineer. Since we as engineers don't really care about theoretical aspects as much as scientists do.
Your 'mistake' has resulted in such an awesome discussion and follow up video that you should do it more often.
It's great to have theorys.
Loving these scientific and rational back and forths in this age where political and emotional drama hogs all channels of public discourse.
U did a great job. Thank you.
grey
He cheats us once again! He constructed an antenna which is not the same as in original problem.
Such a great video, and great videos and testing in response
So it moves kind of like the Maglev trains in Japan? It repels itself forward by reacting to its guiding wire
From what I understood, you consider the switch as the starting point of your electric field perturbation, It could be interesting to put a faraday cage around it to block this perturbation effect on the neighbouring wire. From the faraday cage you'll remove the external field effect and could verifiy what you conclude.   Seeing what you want doesn't mean it is what you think. It is not my field, so take it just as a friendly comment, but more and more people look out for the results before even starting an experiment which flaw its analysis.
Missing the unit for 1 meter is just a petty argument. The problem is supposed to be theoretical scenario-wise
i'M SO GLAD YOU MADE THIS A VISUAL. I knew this was the case but I never could picture it
I am so happy to see this video. I am the mesh maker who wrote the finite element mesher behind that HFSS simulation. Wow!
This video is about how to admit that you were wrong but make looks like that you were right. Deal with it
Is there another way of it working than 'actually' working??
Excellent  Shows your dedication to teaching the correct fundamentals of reality.
When are you going to admit that that helicopter-rope-professor-vacation quiz thing was dumb af? :d
In the context of this discussion, I'd like to understand why it is important (sometimes) to match PCB traces' lengths. Am I right that this is due to the fact that, unlike wires in common circuits, PCB traces are waveguides?
Everyone: You're so dumb Derek  Derek: Here, let me show you how wrong you are
I followed this expiation clearly and it makes perfect sense. However, I’m utterly mystified why neither Derek nor anyone else in the comments here seem to be asking the most obvious question: ok, so then what exactly is happening *later* when the full-amplitude pulse finally makes its way around the loop and the bulb lights up the rest of the way??? If all the energy is in the fields, it would be lovely to have an equally lucid and comprehensive explanation of the other thing that happens more slowly…
And this is why antennas work :)
Thank you! Man I struggled with your first video, questioning all my knowledge about physics but it's finally clear to me now. I can sleep again!!
I wish I could get my students to do what you have done. It really doesn't matter if you are right wrong or misunderstood. If you put it out there you will either get to gloat or you will be corrected. Best and most efficient learning journey ever. Everybody wins.
Meh, better but not right on, bit dodgy "apology" :). I still consider the original moderately misleading. Thanks for clearing it up though. Only one question remains, forever I thought that the first 12mW transfer is actually elmag. induction, which can be "simulated" by those capacitors and inductors and resistors....isn't it? Of course everyting is just a model or thought experiment of "reality" but as long as it works, I have no problem with being indoctrinated by a model that is not truly equal to reality :). Not to bust balls Derek, we expect the highest standard of you because you are elite scituber. No pressure :).
Ciuld you make a Quantum Version of it?
it seems to me that it is a mistake how we teach the flow of electricity. it causes most people to apply false preconditions which in turn is limiting us in problem solving and further development.
I don't understand, how does this guy have the balls to tackle such complex subjects!
Nope- why I^2*R heating in the wire if the energy is not in the wire?????  Why use wire gauges?
Both the videos on electricity forced me to unsubscribe😂
Strictly speaking, the original question is still unanswerable. Since the distance between the switch and the battery was not specified.
The lightbulb would go on very weakly and then quickly go out again. Let:  k = length source to gap in cable L = light bulb C = length source to light bulb  Then the light bulb goes on in 1/c seconds and turn off in 1/k seconds  (Probably invisible to humans)
I honestly think your problem with the last video was trying to clickbait the question too hard by being as mysterious as possible. Good follow up.
You my friend, have created the, " CC " ! " Catalyst circuit " ! Look at the reaction you received ! O.K., so if the wires actually only serve as a wave guide, how do we move to eliminate the wires to allow the dialectic's to carry the field's ? Can you impregnate the dialectic in such a fashion, where the presence of conductor's is minimized, but still serve to guide the fields ? And how would using,  " Super Conductor's " effect this process ?               💡               🤔.....?
Like Bob Ross said, it's a Happy Accident, Derrick.  Job well done.
Derek must be delightful to hear all these critisisms, because he said that the best way to teach is to make people face their misconceptions head-on.
So electricity requires two conductors to work,(+)(-) next to each other? It won’t work when wires are not near each other because they are not in the field? I guess it makes sense cuz every cable has two wires in them.
We’re never gonna figure this out. lol
Great visuals🤩 The other day, I was smiling when I heard my son's teacher that electricity travels inside the wire from the power plant to our home😊
ElectroBoom is gonna have a “field” day with this one. 😂
Thank you for being a shining light in the field. 😉 You stirred up healthy scientific discourse. Appreciate you 🙏
Okay, so if we just had two straight unconnected wires next to each other, one with a bulb/resistor and the other with a battery, would it still light up with that 15mV? Would it persist as long as the circuit was closed? So then, why does the switch matter? If the battery being on the wire induces the electric field, why does closing the switch matter? The field is already happening before the switch closes, right? Especially since the battery is still directly across from the bulb. Do the wires have to be the same length for it to work?
This was not included in my education, I did not realize those equations were simplifications of electric fields. This gave a lot more intuitive understanding.
Intriguing, this blows my mind.
This is how you treat criticism. Great job Ve. As always
Dereck you are great!!!
I was one of the doubters of the original video. While a lot of this explanation WAS needed to clarify the point (as presented it seemed to imply FTL communication)…. I have to say you fully and completely crushed us doubters on this one
E
Me: uhhuh sure
just a leyman quenstion.. for a split second.. is this a mosfet?
I was really expecting this explanation because the last one was kind of very controversial. :)
If energy flows from the switch to the bulb throught the fields, what would happen if I put a lead wall in the middle? This is blowing my mind. Safe me Veritasium!
This is why batteries wear out even when the device isn't used. The battery is still being used to keep the magnetic field up and ready until the switch is turned on. Now you know why we're told to take batteries out if the device will not be used for awhile. So if the battery is in a device to long, it runs completely down and eventually will corrode.
The simulation with the separate wire is a inductor but with an open circuit, if it were a loop also with a load it would behave like the top model. It reminds me of the old farmers myth/legend I think that many have heard of getting free electricity by running a wire under the powerlines the whole length of the cow pasture. I always wondered about trying to research that tale/myth. Never actually tried it. But off the top of my head I think that you can get voltage but it is just like a air core inductor with just a single winding?  You could probably get something like one to one voltage but like only, milli/micro amps current if you form a circuit with a load? Also reminds me of wondering when I lived in the city near the radio station where they were broadcasting at like 25,000 watts. I was wondering if I built some coil tuned to the radio frequency how much power could I get if I only lived like a quarter mile from the station. Even if it was only like 150mA it would still be cool! I remember you used to be able to get like batteryless AM radios that were actually powered by the radiostation if I remember right, They had like a single earphone nub and analog tuner or maybe two tuners, one for the power and one for the listening, you could tune the inductor coil radio to a closer more powerful station to get power from while tuning in to a different farther away station.  Maybe somebody will try those ideas out and make a video or two even it there are already some here on Youtube that I just haven't found yet.  Really liked the simulations! Looks similar to the simulation software that one of my collegues, Yusuke Kusama used modeling anteannae disign in his class and students research topics. I co-authored a couple papers with him on communication engineering education. Big fan of your channel and show them to my kids and students often.
So do the ends need to be connected when the switch is flipped on? You only addressed a parallel circuit activating. Also is there a maximum length for a particular battery.
How would a capacitor or any basic electrical component work this way? like for example with a capacitor it requires there to be a "surplus" of electrons to discharge the capacitor, this doesn't seem like it could be reproduced by electromagnetic fields as they would just cause an even voltage throughout the whole circuit right?
You are fundamentally mistaken if you think that a battery has electronic conductivity. The battery does not conduct electrons. Further, to prove that the current is higher than the leakage current, you need another circuit mirrored from this one. And if in it in the first moments the current from electromagnetic induction is lower than in the original one, this will already prove that what you are saying in the video. I am writing with love from Russia.
Would this work the same with AC current?
Ah this helped alot with some holes in my understanding, I did not get the part about fields in my brief's so the lumped bits incomplete
There is a reason they call it electromotive force which is a good pseudonym for the electromagnetic field.
But your scope is powered by electricity..... isn’t there a delay?
Now that's why "EMP strikes" are not called "Electron strikes" since the Electromagnetic pulses are the actual players in a circuit, with the electrons only being the pawns.  It's a good thing knowing this even if I'm not some sort of electrical engineer. Helpful facts like this are always welcome 🥰🥰
I cannot understand how insulation keeps us safe if the field is outside the wires.
lmfao "oh im wrong eh?" Name drop mic drop XD
I just want those who responded to your first video to be owned, they are just too uneducated and ignorant.
Speak English doc, we ain’t scientists...
Kudos for correcting the errors and addressing the responses to your original video.   I can understand how the previous video has caused some responses.   Again, great video explaining and providing some evidence for your views, and correcting any issues from the previous video.
The content=cool. The community discussion 🤯 absolutely amazing times we live in.
No mass can reach the point of C  So E🚫mc2 first of all mc= infinite energy,  equation brakes there Secondly c2 is a lot of damage
This is a really excellent explanation.  James Clerk Maxwell himself would approve, I think.
You're genius! Thank you for explanation!
great respect for admitting not know it all and mistakes made / wrong things said  .... but yet another brilliant video !!
Would conducting this experiment with a grounded shielded cable make the light bulb turn on after 1 second instead of 1/c?
3:45 seconds in. It's the creation of the electric field, which propogates ( in the wire, mostly)  at the speed of light that causes the electrons to move.
This is very interesting! I am hoping the experiment has not yet been broken down as I have further questions. What happens if you put a massive electron pool (MEP) right next to the light bulb, say by increasing conductor capacity right and left of the bulb (thinking something like a capacitor but no air gap, just a massive amount of copper). If you keep this MEP mass at 1 meter with respect to the switch, does 1/c speed amperage increase with respect to the MEP size? If so, electrical engineers should pay attention to this where applicable =;
Objection: Misleading
@Veritasium if you were to change the "thought experiment" by coiling the wires instead of having them go out 1/2 a light second meters away from the source/load, how would that affect the time it takes for the light to turn on at full voltage? What happens if some parts of these coils are closer than 1 meter away from the source and load?
This is so misleading again. The 'conclusion' at the end of the video suggests that the light will turn on at Veritasium's specified amount of current(but not leakage current!). By all means, good video, but also excellent cop-out to say that you're right and everyone disagreeing was wrong, even after sneaking in specifications on what amount of current will turn the light on.
I remembered saying 2seconds. I'll watch this and see if I change my mind.
You forgot two things: 1) leaving the circuit open from the end and showing what happens then and 2) explain why the voltage makes the great bump upwards after a delay. You could have also demonstrated what happens if you bring the pipes closer to each other when open (and why not closed), and perhaps just have left the resistor a bit further as an additional experiment.
You should put a light on it and get SlowMo Guys to film at high FPS
Funniest thing to me is those you recommend I already watched. I may have a hobby watching electrical engineering
Why we need wires? to charge you for energy that we could get for free....
can't pass anything by the foolbridgerectifier
noawadays most people would simply just say youre wrong this is refreshing
I love the scientific dialogue this has created in the community.
It's not your job to convince me of anything, it's your job to convince people who are trained experts in this subject.
irl redstone
I think we as viewers can't appreciate enough how much work goes into the making of these graphical explanations. Creating these active images must take a significant time.
Rayos!! Aún no está la versión traducida en español 😄
You didn’t need to make this video. Alpha Phoenix’s video was more clear and feels more authentic. At the end of the day, your first video was sloppy and this doesn’t even come close to making up for it. It’s a lame excuse, not a true apology, and I still have the feeling that I can’t trust the information you put into your videos anymore. This is sad.
Beautiful how you acknowledge fields rather than electrons
Hate that racist old technician. How dare he used racism in science? Only a moron can!!
These open wires are how long periodic or yagi antennas work.
HFSS is my daily driver.
Think of the wires as cylindrical faraday cages
Hi. Can you put the link to Rick Hartley's lecture, that a part of it showed on this video? :)
This is why most EE Students hate Fundementals of Electromagnetics. But you learn to understand the Fundementals much better.
Hey can you make an explanation on metallic oxygen and it's properties as superconductor?
21:57 noise/signal integrity is a huge issue and challenge for PCB-makers. And then the once trying to push it even further (OC and XOC)
It would be nice if the electron you are "tracing" actually moved beyond the next molecule. However, with electrons, you cannot equate electron flow to liquid flow. Once you apply a voltage to the open circuit, the potential exists at both ends of the open switch, you might say it is charged. Don't believe me? Put a DMM across the open switch.
Current wars✌️
6:47 horrible scale btw.
Thanks for debunking everything I thought I knew about electricity!  I'm honestly bummed out now.
Ok, if current travels at light speed, why supercomputers are “slow”?
I was literally about to say, isn't this how wireless charging works and the next scene was a wireless charger. Dang.
The circuit diagram with the capacitors made it instantly click for me! If you had started this riddle with that explanation, I'd have instantly said "sure, how obvious". I dabble in audio engineering and capacity of cables is a real thing when trying to eliminate noise.
Great video, I have learned a lot about electrical currents and fields! A university course in a 25 minute video.
I loved this video. Thank you so much for that.
Science is so sweet, is it not? One guy spills an idea and several others doubt, experiment and spill more. Then... repeat. So sweet... To see humanity sailing :D
Next time: Derek builds an actual light-second-long circuit
very good :)  however electrons and protons do  not exist as pictured..............  they are only theories, PLEASE DONT CONFUSE WITH REALITY !!!!
why is the field better/bigger with thicker wires?  Why is the field 100% frictionless in superconductors?
People on internet tend to correct someone mistake rather than answering the question.
This is the sort of argument that's great
Veritasium Out here, Showing us Nikola Tesla was the Real Father of electricity.
Actually I am convinced.
Thank you for making a second video. It's amazing and I am grateful to you for making me think of electricity in a different way rather than typical conventional lumped model-wise. At 11:08 , you said that "the new electric field from the modified surface charges radiates outwards..." I have no doubt about it. But in order to have a significantly strong electric field to turn on the light, should we not consider the permittivity of the gap space and the voltage of the battery? Modern wireless charging works with electromagnetic induction caused by the alternating voltage which is not at all comparable to this scenario. Since you and other people too have made experiments about it... I guess the permittivity of the electric field through space is not too small to neglect for a small LED bulb .... ANYWAY, THANK YOU AGAIN FOR THIS AMAZING THOUGHT EXPERIMENT!!!
I understood your explanation exactly as you meant it.
I did not understand this after watching your first video. This video was enough for it to click for me, and also finally helped me understand how wireless charging stations work.
Ma dajte to je sve prostor/vreme ajde ..zavisi od razmaka svocha od sviđa pa se približava,kiselinom,sklopki i to je to
all the misunderstanding is because people are taught electronics as separated from physics. The way I learned it at the University was by deriving all electronics las (Kirchhoff's, Ohm's etc.) from physics (Maxwell). I clearly remember the professor explaining that charges accumulate are around the conductor, not inside (where the electric field is 0). That was in Naples 20 years ago and I think I got an excellent education back then. I hope it is still taught in the same way.
Cunnigham's Law
electrobooms smile tho
The first video was good, and I totally got the thought experiment you were trying to demonstrate.  However, I love the real world demonstration of the concept and I'm glad you made this "part 2".
Hey Veritasium can you do a video on how lift is generated by aircraft, there is a lot of controversy and as someone who is keen to learn the engineering involved in designing aircraft I’ve found it extremely puzzling. There seems to be a few different theories out there on where the lift comes from but no particular one that holds up. Hope you see this and also I’m a long time fan! Keep up the great vids!!
when a cloud rains does the cloud disappear after it has rained all out ? Does negative pressure from the rain  cause it to empty completely ?
That animation was just wow!!!
Is this why Tesla believed he could have wireless electricity throughout the united states with a powerful enough field?
Ohhh here we go again! Thanks!
Well this helps to explain antennas. Now I'm confused about transistors though
If you push a 100km long rod from one end, 1ft in 1 second, how long until the other end moves?
I just finished my first year of college becoming an electrician, and BOOM you just blew my mind. AND you made it extremely simple and easy to understand, I will def be showing them this video! Really great job thank you! Mistakes always lead to beauty, we just arent used to seeing it that way.
jajaja a tons of interesting videos on this channel, and the other channels only focus on a little mistake?? jajajajajaja
I like how people like you are taking on discussion on simplest yet fundamental topics that most of us take for granted by believing everything that is written in textbooks.
Holy cow my hair is standing on end. 🤔🤔
Your video is slightly wrong. You shouldn't use school simplifications without marking them as such
8:00 thats what i told u 😆
You are absolutely right about how your video sparked a greater conversation in the community. I just didn't see your video, I saw at least ten other videos. Just because some people thought it was wrong. In watching those ten videos I learnt a lot more than I could ever if I had only watched your video. So a happy mistake, and a great conclusion to round off the learning. Overall a win for science
A mistake that doesn't cost life and brings smart people together doesn't seem terrible to me.
The mystery electrifies.
So you’re saying a break in the circuit will still power a light to some level. But then your examples of this (wireless charging) lies and uses unbroken circuits on the power side to power an isolated closed circuit. This is not the same as illustrated. In fact you didn’t have any circuits drawn at one point, just open wires. Prove you can power something where the battery circuit is broken as you illustrated. ;) I don’t not believe you, but this inconsistency sticks out like a sharp poke in the ribs and needs clarity.  But then you also made it sound like the closing of the switch is what triggered it all, when in fact it is effectively just adding on a big long length of unattached wire. So does the length of wire increase the field until it reaches a point where it has enough strength to power the light? Your illustration suggests a battery is already a functioning “circuit” and that adding long cables helps it power something next to it.  I understand what you say but things are not completely clear.
Yes it was your fault but we love you either way XD
Love your videos my man!
Claims speed of light cannot be measured.. Goes on to measure speed of light without any light being involved in the measurement... You should title take 3 "How Causality Actually Works".
A cancer patient has found a co relation between the growing number of wallsockets and cancer. Now i can understand better why....
Ok now prove the theory of the electron. What's the exact mechanism of "generating an electric field"?
Studying microwave wave guides is a good way to visualize how the field works, because it takes how frequency increases the skin effect to the point it leaves the outer conductor and is held inside the wave guide enclosure, taking the thought experiment from some wispy em wave floating around a wire to using the water inside a pipe example, like in dc. Then it's a little easier to visualize how different shapes of wave guide channel the field into different patterns. Learning the math was interesting for rectangular wave guides. The math assumes light is faster than unity for the short side to calc the long, lol. Wave guides might be a good related topic to add to this series. They help to visualize ac reactance in open air inside a hollow tube conductor.
21centuries tesla vs Edison. good luck.
I'm shocked at this result!
I have hell studied for so many exams. But, pls can anyone tell me what energy is, except in terms of any definition of WORK or TEMP.  Does it even have any physical meaning? What is energy? How do you know it's presence.  Solving a lot of standard problems isn't helpful to understand what actual elementary physics is
Previous thumbnail was more catchier.
How ac current work
In theory, if I had a 2 light second wire, I would sell it for scrap and make a fortune
I have a question, I was getting everything until the point the detached electrical cable came into the picture (the one separate from our original circuit). I know its not right but it seems like if I attach a bulb to it, that bulb would also light up. Is that the case, if no, then why not?
@Veritasium, next, do chemical reactions but with physics laws only, ignoring that we have the table of elements. It's sure to cause another controversy and bring in some money.
Oh!  Now i get it! It's just about the speed of light. Yeah!
Wait until Veritasium learns that ELECTROMAGNETISM is actually ONE THING. And when he says "energy is carried by fields and not electrons" he's wrong because they are the same freaking thing. you can't have an electron without an electric field, you can't have a field without the electron. geee
This all could have been avoided by learning about capacitance... it's nothing new. "Capacitance is the ratio of the amount of electric charge stored on a conductor to a difference in electric potential. " from Wikipedia.  He further messed things up by not mentioning the units in the 1/c answer, as he is now pointing out.
Fantastic video! My question is, in what design applications is it important to use the field equations in place of Ohm's Law? I am an engineer, so I am always looking to understand the best tools for a task.
so can you make a video on how you have to consider this effect when designing electrical ewuiptment and how can this be capitalised on.
I am not an engineer, but maybe someone can help me out. I am not sure if I got this correctly. Based on the information if the switch and lightbulb are closer together, the bulb will emit light faster? Like a square shaped circuit and a stretched rectangle shaped circuit but both the same length.   Hard to explain, english is not my native Tounge. XD  Also: If I have a closed circuit and a wire next to it, the electric field does affect the wire too. I guess this is the interference you sometimes have when your audio cables are too close to other cables causing a static noise in the audio for example?
This is why scientists have peer reviewed papers and strict experiment processes for replication.
I'm glad Mr. Veritasium, after being destroyed by ever other science youtuber on the platform, finally did the work to learn how electricity actually works, so that he can now claim he already knew 4 months ago
It also explains the lack of efficiency on the so called wireless chargers ...
God bless you, Dr. AGBOYA on YouTube for curing my herpes virus completely. Dr. AGBOYA on YouTube also cures HIV, MENTAL ILLNESS, PCOS, fibroid, cancer, diabetes, cold sores, etc..  🌿
What I want to know is what is the difference between electricity transfer and Data transfer ? Is electricity current bringing data too ? And what is actually Data is it an electricity too ? How transfering Data from drive A to drive B happened ?
is this how Tesla made light bulbs light up from the ground????
Rapper : Disstrack Scientist : Dissknowledge
Meanwhile me not knowing how a bulb works:
Can you follow this up with a critique of Johnson–Nyquist noise. I am a sound designer and want answers
There's always some drama in the science fandoms and that's kind of a good thing lol
This is what I love about the scientific YouTube community! Thank you for sharing your "mistake" with us and allowing understanding to propagate through the community.
Then why specifically only one light bulb works then why other appliances do not work because they are also coming under light bulb's magnetic field?
Then why specifically only one light bulb works then why other appliances do not work because they are also coming under light bulb's magnetic field?
Then why specifically only one light bulb works then why other appliances do not work because they are also coming under light bulb's magnetic field?
Then why specifically only one light bulb works then why other appliances do not work because they are also coming under light bulb's magnetic field?
Lumped parameter model are a lot easier for engineers- so how about general public 😂
Why are u trying to defend yourself? You made a wrong video, so accept it. No need to give excuses.
I have found such differences in understanding across many fields of study.   One the one side: All of the knowledge that a person can accumulate through teachers and texts and personal testing.  On the other side: The very specific results of a real-life set-up. Results of such set-ups can be duplicated and tested, yet sometimes the results of such set-ups seem to contradict ( at least from a moderate examination) the common understanding of how things work.  This is where intricate knowledge of real-life testing is gained.  If examined thoroughly, it can be explained according to current knowledge. ( not everyone has the same knowledge) If it cannot be explained, then new knowledge ( usually) is added to the field of study.  Quite often what appears to be something quite new has in fact already been discovered and is known, but only by the few through similar real-life testing.  In either case, conflicts result as one person’s knowledge seems to oppose another’s.
If power travels at the speed of light, the explanation is NOT!!!!  Boring.     He's a good clever guy though.   Just having a bad retention day 🤔
Question: Would a second light bulb further away from the switch but closer to the battery via the wires, in series, go on at the same time or later
Unless specified, the wires are generally assumed to be placed in a complete insulation medium, where the leakage current is also zero.... The consideration of initial current through shunt capacitors is not correct i think...
I guess I'm confused as to how circuit boards work then. Why doesn't the electric field from one circuit interfere with the circuits near it?
pft, you can't trick me with your fancy science language. i know that electricity is really produced by magic :3
How much is that scooper that you just casually dragged up the ladder? 😯
I would like to see, how these fields move on a microchip. Or at least on multiple circuits. It is not clear to me how a load reacts to a switch specially on multiple overlaying circuits. For instance a car circuit. Does this mean that the switch from the dashboard radiates energy towards the front and rear light? I was expecting a very straightforward explanation.
I am convinced and I am entertained.
Thanks man! I remember when I was in high school and had just finished learning about electrostatics. When we jumped to current electricity I never truly was at peace with why electricity works the way it does, I understood charges and fields perfectly, but no one was able to explain to me current electricity using fields. After almost 5 years, you have been able to resolve those doubts and it's the best feeling ever. Thanks again man, and keep making stuff like this!
So can you dumb it down - your point is that a light bulb 1m away from a battery gets current induced in it like an electric toothbrush charger? Within 1/C seconds
Does a magnet have an electric field? How does a magnet induce current? The electric and magnetic fields are the same, but in different poses, full face and profile.
Kinda like how we don't think about spacetime when we measure how fast something falls.
If I were to touch the resistor in a broken circuit, provided the battery was large enough, I should still get zapped when the switch is closed even though the circuit isn't completed?
So... the light given off is just because, the electrons flowing through a medium dissipate their energy into protons, which results in its conversion to photons of light. The flow of electrons is caused by fields, which are incredibly hard to understand, and work a bit like gravity , but on a smaller scale and in different circumstances, primarily only for particles of a certain charge. The potential energy here or whatever is just how big of a differential in energy states that exist, the flow of electrons (is this part the voltage? I dunno) in this case is a directed dissipation of that energy toward equilibrium. What we see as the "flow" of electricity, is actually the shooting out of an electric field, which is very fast (I think that one is C), and the particles that interact with said field responding only as fast as physics will allow.  That's what I got from this. Is... is this right?
Only an electrical engineer and physicist would use painters tape to hold things together. Hint: This thing call duct tape was invented over 100 years ago.
Can't we just call matter and electricity illusions and close the book.
1:00 Maybe it would be more illustrative to do the experiment without connecting both sides?
The internet needs more content like this <3
Idegbajos Agyfaszt lehet kapni a reklámjaidtól phuuu
I love that he made another video on this. I can't wait to see the response videos to this!
The Fact that u admitted u made a mistake and corrected is really respectable. Sadly, that's a rather unique trait to have in our current time. Just makes watching ur videos even better
"The field carries electrons." This makes sense.
Electron theory is still a theory. No other person living or dead would make such a claim as to tell us how it works.
Am I the only dumb person who watched this video hoping to get a clue, which sadly never happened?
Now you need to explain how the battery works then🤔 How is energy stored there?
I can imagine what will happen when you tell how the reflection in the mirror works at the level of photons. Or about why exactly the angle of incidence is equal to the angle of reflection of the light beam. Thanks for this video!
Suppose there were switches on both sides of the battery so that the battery cannot affect the wire. Then both switches are activated simultaneously. What is the affect then?
This is a video Everyone should watch
Well, regarding electricity, I rather believe in Electricboom. Great video thou
Thanks, I have wondered in the last video what exactly was being said by "it's the field, not the electron", because I didn't quite get, which field is actually transporting the energy; the answer: *Y E S *. However: Why is there a surface-charge in the first place? Are the electrons in the cable flowing faster than those on the surface, causing them them to be pushed against the wall?  Thanks upfront!
Seems to me that all this was addressed before by  Yagi-Uda!
Really enjoyed this video and never doubted the first first video.   Just read a book Magnetic Universe - Wow we are really a lost generation.  Tesla had this all understood long before fancy tools.  Amazing..  Let's talk about lighting on a sunny day next.
Derek this video and the previous one are really important for us (i.e. high-school teachers). Because they rise doubts and amazing occasions to go deeper respect to the "common sense" present in some of our high school (and university) books. This is the important aspect behind the pedagogy of science: to help understanding that in science there are several layers of approximations, and all of them are good as long as they are applied in a specific context with a specific purpose. So: thanks a lot from Italy.
How do you know it goes by the speed of light and isn't instant as magnetism is a quantum effect?
This is so cool! I understand now that the field travels faster than the main  length of current or voltage or whatever it's called. Does the fied travel faster than the whetever the wire is doing?
This demonstration cannot be properly analyzed by the viewers because the measurement points and their 0 point reference are not clearly shown.
This is a lot of effort for a viewer audience that supposedly wouldn't have know this already. Yet they identified your inaccuracies. this leads me to two possibilities.  1. this entire line of events was planned, and every step intentional for the sake of a future "development". likely it was already known, but not disclosed in general..moderation on progress of humanity.. crawling before walking, and soo on.  2. this wasn't planned. some unrestricted intelligence had stumbled upon it which led to a revelation which had not been expected. The discovery likely would've been censored, and "definitive" elaborations made, to prevent further progress.    -_- people shouldn't have to pay for electricity in our times, among many other things. we've had the technology, and abundance for decades. still we are living as ants for their royalty. scraps, and systematic dependencies. utter travesty.
This could support the "Magnetic Current" theory of Edward Leedskalnin. Love to see the next video describing the magnetic current in detail.
You sir are making waves on YouTube on purpose
Was the original video taken down? I would still like to watch it for context
You ever credit thunderfoot for debunking your “some negatively charged water molecules shoot back up a drain” video
How the electromagnetic field generates heat to melt wires? I´d like to have an explanation for the dc and ac methods!
Wonderful and brilliant video!
I just learned how to try to look smarter then everybody else... you ask a vague question with a misleading video wait everyone answer and then post a video of why you are right explaining what you meant initially. You may fool somebody... about the video the experiment make sense if this was included in the first video nobody would have said anything. Smartaxe 🤣... anway... add a video on tesla radiant energy
It Still breakes my head as it did the first video and i think both of them where clear, and you had nothing to apologize , see no mistakes. I will make my students suscribe
This was most thorough Explanation for the DC power transmission. I studied some electrical engineering and lump model of transmission lines. But No teacher explained why we assume capacitance between the lines.
What I miss in all those videos is how different the result would be with the exact same length of the wire but in circle, not 1m apart lines.
pls little test to your heart. search for those names and listen to any surrah, surrah, test on you,your kidsand aso animals,even vegetable then start a little search from the feeling you get, thank you.  ahmed khedr, islam sobhi, omar hisham, Mohamed tarek, mohammed hisham ..
Спасибо вам большое за такую интересную тему. Наука прекраснейшая вещь, особенно когда люди совместно занимаются ей.  Успехов вам!
Lumped Element Model is enough and true. As Derrick says that the direction of flow of current is not enough to describe the energy transmission which is not false but with voltage direction it makes sense since voltage times current indicates the direction flow of power/energy! Product/multiplication of current and voltage must be always positive, but if current and voltage are opposite in sign the power transfer is from load to the source which defined as additional power loss. If voltage and current are in phase that means they have the same sign (both positive or both negative) then the maximum power transmission is provided which means efficiency is maximum.
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!! When I watched the other videos I started to doubt your explanations. Since I'm not a physicist or electrical engineer, I couldn't exactly evaluate what has been said. But with this video, I finally understood my misconceptions and I'm seriously surprised, because these misconceptions are based on what I learned at school. I really think that teachers should review their way of teaching this subject and that it is due to a tendancy to simplify the concept, but by doing this they're actually misleading people. Thanks again and keep up the good work!
A good video to silence all the experts, who after all didn't understand as much as they thought!
This is extremely cool. It's a much better model than the picture of electrons as little things in a water pipe. However I wonder: How does the picture look like with two different resistors? With a Diode? And what is really going on with the field in the battery? And - why are electrons bouncing back from the positive charges and not sticking?
During my internship (RF-surgery) I constantly had to remind the med-eng students that open circuits don't exist in RF frequencies Insulators are not the kind of stopping force they are for DC Just things that are differently good at being a capacitor
lmao that rick hartley video is the one i was thinking of when i saw your first vid
So a very complicated "it's fast because capacitors"?
Hmm. I would've agreed or disagreed with you if only i had understood something.
*That’ll do pig*   So is the pig the sheep dog?   I’m only 8 minutes in and I have like 200 questions, all that you should be able to answered.  Edit: are you comparing “surface charges” to “eddy effects”?  I get it man batteries are kinetic and loose energy as they are used and not eternal even if output=input   So if I stick my tongue on an open circuit nothing is lost even if my brain can taste it.  I would never make any assumption but I might want to talk to you about yours.   Yeah the people in the response videos are stupid and I’m not disagreeing with anything you said but you contradicted yourself.
A video on misconceptions of mass and weight.
So without the switch connected the surface charges lines up?, does the battery give energy for that, so even if the circuit is open work is done by the battery?
So, if you make the explanation vague enough, you can claim victory no matter what...?  Or maybe, explain that the others were wrong and you were right — and here's my video explaining why: ("I wasn't precise enough..." &etc.)  But I did like the explanation of fields — even though to me it will always be electrons flowing, like water through a pipe; when the pipe narrows it's a resistor, and a rubber bladder is a capacitor, an inductor is... well, it's been a long time since I heated up my soldering iron (which, FYI, is called a "soddering" iron, not a "soLLdering" iron). But I'm 74; maybe the terminology has changed since the Civil War.  [minor typo fixed. If you believe _that_ explanation...]
So it was clickbait after all — the lightbulb doesn’t turn on in 1m/c time, but it experiences a tiny effect at that time. Any physical lightbulb that would “turn on” at the current that flows immediately would vaporize itself at the full current. Well, clickbait along with bait for response videos. Super successful, at that.  (I mean, you knew at the time that it was a small effect and that the full current would be bigger. I didn’t see that being mentioned in the original video anywhere.)
electric energy is and will stay a hard to follow subject. Even while working in the field and having an amateur extra licence (equivalent) it is not that easy. however, being a HAM, I can understand the concept of two parallel wires and EM fields. also that the 2 wires become a very long stretched capacitor. you basicly created two parallel dipoles with infenite length and so infenite resistence even if you would connect both dipoles on the ends.  so, even without supercondector wires, some current will be inducted in the 2nd wire.  I think you are basicly right in your first video, though with some miner mistaces like 1m/c, the 2nd video was more clear, though still hard to understand for average people. however i doupt it will ever be inderstandeble for people who are just able to change a lightbulp.
How can we change how we do circuits?  Can we do away with metal wires and do something else entirely?
1:33 You are a cheater! There is no 1 meter between wires! Electromagnetic field is inversely proportional to the square of the distance from the source. This means that at a distance of 1 meter the induced voltage will be much less
Holy crap Veritasium, this whole course I've been struggling with suddenly all just makes perfect sense. While I'm still an idiot, you might just have saved my career prospects. Thank you so much!
21:34 What does he say? I used to think in terms of?
Argued this in High-school.. My high science  teacher chastised me.. I also was a Duke tip recipient, anti SJW, Despise blm/Andy FA, not a Dem, Pro Liberation of Ukraine from Vile E.U. And central banks,   and fully Support President Trump…  😉🤙Trump won 2020
Initially you state that wires are 1m apart and that's what counts. Now at 11:50ish in this video you say that the switch is 1m away from the bulb and it actually is the distance of the switch from the bulb that counts, and not the distance between the wires?
Congratulation you have just proven that "Radio waves" travel at the speed of light.. Shame that 14mW LED would not survive if connected to the circuit. There are so many caveats to what is being said here just to try and say 'I was right'.
Lightbulb 2: Electric Boogaloo
AHH the internet. If you want to know something, don't ask it the question. Post the wrong answer and everyone will jump down your throat telling you what to do. Classic reverse psychology 😏
Energy is carried by field and not through electrons, but wires can guide the fields better.
Those guys are leftist, Pseudo intellectual Dolts.,, Who cares what they think..
So, now you are an electrical engineer too :D Thank you so much for explaining more deeply. I wish to meet you one day. Science student from Pakistan
Can you explain why an atom without mass is gravity energy. The loss of contradictory  movement from the less movement. Less is moving from the more applicative movement. And explain why we can’t mesure what’s without energy.
The electrons are the bubbles, the field is the bottle and the wire is the beer. Without the bottle, the beer would foam everywhere.
Let me propose a change to the experiment setup. Let us put switches on BOTH sides of the battery. That would prevent charge buildup along the wire, if I got it right. Then, we close the two switches at the same time. The field propagation would have to travel the whole distance, and hence the bulb would indeed light up after 1 second. Is that right?
Kudos man you get everyone thinking about the true management of electrical fields. Well done because it caused a thinking bomb to explode.🤯
Radio antennas and transmission lines! Didn't Tesla do some of these experiments a 100 years ago.
My question is, if it doesn't matter if the circuit is complete or not, then what is the point of the switch?
But, what is a "field"? Please define "field", and note that descriptions are not definitions.
Well done Derek, it's great to see Science performing it's function so deftly across this platform. Similar thing happening w your turbulent v laminar flow "debate" hue
Good job. Get another M subs, you deserve it.
What carries electric field energy? What "stuff" makes up the electric field?
ok so when i saw a squire get zap and fell from the power line it had to do with the electrical field and not the squire clawing the inside wire some how? or less likely that it would clawed exposed  wire
misconception #2, i don't understand what the average charge has to do with a "flow concept". Ie, if there is "pressure" (ie voltage diferential at the source) there will be "flow" but the average density will still be the same. He has forgot to look at the flow of electrons through a cross section of a wire. ie it misses time in order to se if there is energy carried.. what he later shows in next part.. analogy: density of pure water in a pipe is 1000kg/m3 no matter if its static, or is flowing. and it is flowing because of pressure (or energy) diferential across it.
Scientific discourse via youtube videos. Truly amazing.
BRAVO!
So, this is a rather complicated question, which refers us to the telegraph equations (for long transmission lines) and more general Maxwell's equations. Very good video.
very helpful ! Especially the initial part of the video. We had 5 chapters in our physics course this year, however, my concept about electric field remained foggy. This video cleared almost all of my doubts.  Thanks a lot for your content.
More feud with Mehdi? I'm in.  Ansys makes great tools, but I really, really hope I don't have to work with those tools ever again. They're slightly outdated in UI, even the more modern than wireframe software. Like making 3D models for FEM calculation. It was awful but the end results were good.  "Well, we don't need wires and toothbrushes demonstrate that" *charging for 24 hours only to lose the best effect after one brushing*  V = IR instead of Maxwell in 3D is sort of electricity's version of F = ma instead of complicated relativity and gravity equations in my eyes. It gets the engineering done by observing the black box which is basically all that matters for most tasks at hand to be completed.
Wow.  It explains why the Apollo LM engineers had such problems with "sneak circuits."  Going for absolute minimum weight, they had miles of small gauge wire carrying all kinds of signals, from DC to gigahertz, and it drove them nuts.  Great video.
Your videos keep popping up in my feed, but every time it happens I am reminded of your waymo video, your uncritical treatment of their message, and your stubborn refusal to acknowledge your mistakes. I can't trust anything you say anymore, so now I am taking the opportunity to unsubscribe. It's a shame too, I really loved your videos.
He destroyed all the naysayers😅
So @ElectroBoom was right all along! Respect to @Veritasium for accepting the mistakes. However…. I’m pretty sure ElectroBoom can also design an experiment that would result in even negligible watts reaching the bulb in 1m/c second. To throw a setup to conveniently prove that “light” emission is possible with minuscule power, looks like face saving effort (or for ego satisfaction) and doesn’t add anything that other experts have not already covered.
This brings to mind a weird question... If current is caused by the fields... How the heck do things like circuit boards or even worse a cpu not have crazy interference from all of the wire paths within the whole circuit?... Never mind, was watching the video as I typed this... you had a circuit board guy comment that there is a huge issue! Thanks!
This is my problem with academia these days. There's a lot of groupthink and rote parroting of what people were told in school, rather than students being asked, or even forced to figure out how electricity works for themselves through labs and experiments. I'm an electrical engineer that had a pretty broad background in school, studying everything from semiconductor design and fabrication, to software, to UX and artistic design. It was pretty clear to me, when talking about charge gradients in silicon on a transistor that this is how current simply works.   I didn't dwell on the implications for power transmission long, since I was distracted with other shiny things, but the reactions I'm seeing mirror a lot of the reactions I noticed from the other hard sciences like physics, and especially quantum physics. When presented with a problem, they would just parrot back what the textbook or professor told them, rather than think on their own. 'How big is an electron?', 'Oh, it's infinitely small.', 'Really? That doesn't make any sense. What about this Plank length thing where math just goes to crap once you measure lower than that? Seems like a more plausible number.', 'Nope, the book says it's infinitely small, so therefore it is'.  Sure, I was just some EE undergrad trying to think outside the box, but it's almost as if students were scorned for daring to challenge a professor's answer. And when that science is so complex and deep, it necessarily must be built on the backs of others, people tend to take a lot of assumptions for truth rather than thinking through them for themselves.   Now take this discussion forward to things like trying to contain plasma streams in a fusion reactor. If you don't have a real firm belief in charge gradients and currents, you're going to have a hard time struggling with how moving plasmas cause their own fields and currents, which then affects the rest of the plasma as well.
Look into why a microwave has a noise filter
Thank you for sharing once again. I appreciate your work and willingness to share this information with me and others. I couldn't finish my major but videos like yours remind me of what is was like to be subject to such an amazing depth of information and curiosity. Genuinely thank you. JV
Peer reviews and challenging one another’s ideas is what leads to a better understanding for all. Thanks for this video. I will search out and watch the others as well. 👍
You're getting very close
I'm  just a lineman for the county. And I'm still on the line
Awesome video! God bless. Always remember that Jesus Christ loves you all so much! Jesus Christ forgives all sins. Jesus Christ is God, King, and Savior!❤️🙏
He got it kinda correct
Love the controversy. Had a few more things to say but just noticed 14,800++ comments. I'll just throw this into the comment sea to feed the algorithms. Good show.
This guy uses science to promote himself. These shows are not about science, these are about the compensational efforts of a small person.
Flame
Heaviside
But then why isn't that pink LED just always glowing? There are circuits in our walls and overhead wires carrying a lot of power
thank u
This is the weirdest apology video
Can you explain why then adding a battery to a closed circuit doesn't emit the change in electric field and effect a nearby otherwise unpowered circuit?
It's fantastic and I really understood. How did you make that? 🤔🙂
NO. You will have to wait 2 light seconds after hooking up the battery before throwing the switch will make any difference.
I understand nothing.
TL;DW: Derek's claim from last video can actually be experimentally verified in the real world, and proves that energy is transmitted faster than anything could travel along the loop (or 1/2 or 1/4 of the loop). This is impossible to explain in most simplified models of electricity, so you have to resort to electric fields (if not Maxwell's equations) or accept that the gigantic parallel wires act like antennas to transmit power wirelessly (at least until the system settles into a steady state).  Everything else in the video is maddening to me. It's desperately trying to make the point that chickens come from *eggs, not* from other chickens as your *lying* teachers may have told you. But then the video conveniently omits the fact that eggs come from chickens, so your teachers were more or less on the mark all along. In case the analogy isn't clear, the chickens and eggs are electrons and the electric field. Sure, the electric field imparts a force on the electrons, but the electric field is determined by the density and motion of electrons! Electrons *are* pushing each other through the circuit, just not in the overly literal sense (e.g., chickens from chickens *must* mean chickens are mammals, right?) imagined in the video.  At any rate, kudos to Derek for correcting his earlier mistakes. That's how science (including popular science) should work.
Interesting. And understandable. But it could have been simplified and shortened.
If you want a lot of information, just be wrong publicly on the internet. The experts will appear shortly.
When the errata section is longer than the original paper.
does the electric field displace electron or does it only excites them?
there seems to be a trend of Derek doing videos that create controversy getting responses and making a better explanation video??? and he always says "my fault i didn't explain better".
I have never heard someone that can't read a scope have so much misinformation in their head.  XL/XC/ETC. You're really good at confusing things though, props for that!
So what would make the field stronger? Volts, amps, or even watts?  I'm trying to figure out how the relationship between the fields and the flowing current.  If anyone would please enlighten me?
this is not that complicated.    no wonder westerns are failing behind in  Technologies
Why don't LEDs turn on when circuits nearby are closed?  Maybe they do and it's too quick to view?  That's the only part I still don't understand.
so even at low and cero frequencies all circuits are like transmission lines? everything matters is transmissión of electromagnetic wave through space?
This is the youtube drama I love to see
Ya, this is a better representation than the last one. I don't think many people had an issue that some current was induced, but the question then hinged upon specifics about how much. Alpha Phoenix killed it, though, I'm so glad he did it.   Interesting with an attempt at impedance matching you still got only 20%. Isn't it supposed to be 50%? I don't remember since it's been so long since I did that stuff.
But you have built a large induction coil that will recieve energy from everywhere around it. Electrons move in waves and the electron at the battery never gets to the light bulb or even the other end of the battery. Quantum particle physics does not exist. Energy moves in waves, that is how we get electromagnetic waves. Go learn what Nicola Tesla told us about how charg moves through the aether.
Why not just use a transformer to demonstrate the effect? I can't think of a simpler way to show that electricity is transferred through fields than that, especially considering their widespread use.
Super glad you made a more detailed follow-up video on that subject as my wife, who is electrical engineer, went crazy on your first video. I was convinced even though details were missing (like 1 meter / c) and led to some confusions and misunderstanding at first.
"I apologizes for being too smart in the last video"   "Let me dumb it up even further for you"
How many light bulbs does it take to put on a human.
Isn't one of the critics the guy who electrocutes himself and makes it look like an accident?
Those were simpler days when electric current was just a stream of electrons from the battery. It was perfectly logical and my brain didn't question  it. Now will have to wrap my brain around this 'new knowledge' (from my perspective) on electric current.
because you pay attention to it, if what they want is fame, since I don't think there are people so stupid that they don't believe you_: V
So, Tesla was really up to something; too bad the FBI took all his stuff. But there's something else that it's too bad. Advanced scientists tend to keep stuff hidden or illexplained; I mean, why couldn't these explanations be given to engineer students, other fields too, for a few days. We would've understand, and some geniuses around the world could try and think stuff differently.   From this info I suspect that there should be more focus on these fields than on the electrons. With these "revelations", some minds will turn their attention and ideas into the true mechanics of energy.  I feel we've been somehow deliberately delayed or left behind; the arrogance of higher studies must be put aside, so that more minds can participate. You see, these people like to express stuff in absolute terms, like "impossible" or "the universe" or "laws", but then things are discovered or learned or tried, and then...surprise.  Thanks Veritasium.
Dang that was interesting-
i would love for you to explain the difficulty of adding a homes solar over production to the grid and how a electric grid actually works ... because it seems electricity produced if not used is lost but the compaies always talk about load and capacity ... would love clarification becuase i think most people have no clue.
is it weird that this way of thinking of electric currents makes more sense than the current through the wire? i always didn't get how the flow somehow almost instantly powered things, and i didn't quite get how the flow created a field it makes more sense that the field is created, that creates the current, that creates the electron movement
Wasn't this one of Tesla's big points that no one wanted to listen to? We have these photos of him sitting in a chair, holding a light bulb with no wires attached, which is ON.
what about your claim that the bulb would get energy when the wire is disconnected?
500 ohms characteristic impedance? Which value has ε0 in the US? BGR
I still don’t get it
Please make more "mistakes" like this. It's how science moves forward.
If you still don't believe, think about it this other way: which path has more impedance, the 1m gap or the 1 light-second of wire? That will tell you which path of the electric field would arrive first.
I think the initial power transfer is happening due to antenna effect. Basically the 2 set of wires are acting as highly coupled dipole antennas. And if I am right the initial power transferred will reduce if u increase the gap between the 2 wires keeping the total length of the wire constant.
For those who still stuck on details which actually aren't details but illustrative examples, here the timestamp for the clue 19:39 😂 loved that😁
Since "the field" is doing so much explanatory work here, I'd love to see a video about your explanation of just what a field is -- since the field itself is not material or made of matter.
Yes, absolutely spend your time dying on this hill.
Ok, So what is going on with the fields and surface charge polarity in a multiple load series circuit?  Both with equivalent loads and where the  impedance or resistance are unequal.
TL;DR: video suggestion: It would be so cool to see connection between quantum mechanics and modern tech devices, like stephen hawking says in his book A Brief History of Time   ~~~  Hey derek! I watch you and some other science youtubers like arvin ash, kurzgesagt, etc.   I have a video suggestion, if you guys haven't coveted it yet.   Stephen hawking, in his book A Brief History of Time has, in Chapter 4 (The Uncertainty Principle), stated that quantum mechanics has a huge role to play in modern tech like transistors and circuits...  You guys do a great job of helping people like me understand quantum science, and, i think it'd be really cool if you could help people like me (science fans, as opposed to nerds) visualize the connection between quantum science and electronic devices!   I just picked up this book yesterday, and i have so much appreciation for all you youtubers, whose videos are helping me understand the book, to the extent that i literally wanna be able to relate EVERY scientific thingee he says. I really try to get into the nitty-gritties of the sentence when i get stuck on one, and (hawking's superb vocabulary, along with) so many of you guys' videos have helped me VISUALIZE concepts like curved spacetime, and relativity.
Saying that it's only about the electric field and not about the electrons/protons is like saying you can have waves without water.  Your general conclusion is true, but the emphasis on fields only is deceptive. Where do you think the fields around the battery come from? From the concentration of charges at the battery electrodes of course, driven there by the chemical potential within the battery.
how do people still have a problem when the conclusion has been experimentally verified multiple times
Is this how wireless phone chargers work?
Wow. I understood almost nothing in this video. Electricity, electrical circuitry, has always confused me. I obviously don't know enough to grasp these concepts. I learned, I think, that there are electromagnetic fields around live wires, and that's what actually moves the electrons. Did I get it right?
E=IR    Please
I mean just hold a light bulb near a Tesla coil and you can see the effect of electromagnetic fields.
Long story short, electricity is just as complex as kinematics. There are simplified equations like F = m*a and V = I*R, but they're approximations and don't give an entirely accurate picture. Regardless, we probably don't know everything there is to know about either
I don't get it when it comes to the bulb that goes on even in an open circuit. Could you make an experiment on that?
thank you
This is all talk no substance just talk
This video demonstrating energy travelling through magnetic fields instead of wires makes me think of how Nikola Tesla's experiments with wireless electricity over long distances.
Alot of misconceptions are taught in school like how the myelin sheath works. Instead of giving a full explanation on what we understand about how it works they just say that the gaps between the myelinated areas create an affect called saltatory conduction where charge leaps from unmyelinated zone to unmyelinated zone speeding up neuronal transmission. However, this isn't even close to a full explanation and is more or less incorrect by the way it implies the sheath works.
Thanks for the update,I was wondering because something seemed off...
I've disliked it for a while now when people dumb things down to the point where what they are saying is actually incorrect, so I'm glad to see videos like these that give proper explanations. It's like when people try to explain evolution by saying that adaptations are developed because they are beneficial. When in actual fact, beneficial mutation are statistically more likely to be passed on resulting in an accumulation of beneficial mutations in a population resulting in a species becoming more adapted to their environment.
So, basically, you produced a 4% efficient transformer.  (Or with the resistance, is it 1%? 🤔)  I thought you meant in your other video that you would get 100% of the power in 1M/C seconds. In reality, EM propagation is what makes most communications and power grids possible these days, but it's not normally used like this.
To keep your channel positive you have to polite. I don't. I choose to just call all those who made all those assumptions stupid.
Ok, for your next video, can you please explain what a field IS?
such great video, is it possible using navier-stokes' equation to analyze the electric field inside the wire?
Most of us in industry realize that fields are important because you have to plan for them when laying out panels and cable. If you dont, you get noise.
The Shepherd analogy didn't make the penny drop with me. I got it this time though watching it again. It's more like sexual performance anxiety. The battery is the heart. It pumps the cock up like an electric field in the time of 1/c. The blood flow is actually minimal just like the coulomb flow and is only enough to keep a hard on. The pressure can be thought of as the electric field. The vagina (or anal canal) can be seen as the resistance. Just ignore the cock thrusting for the sake of analogy for now but imagine the guy with performance anxiety is with a chick that is out of his league and is getting nervous and aroused or hard and soft intermittently. That would be like AC voltage. The transfer of energy would be across the expansion and contraction of the cock on the side of the vagina/anus. Well almost.
But thanks for mentioning surface charge. That is a very important piece people fail to mention way too often. It's real guys, its like static charge, watch an experiment at high voltages...
The timing of a light bulb can be easily explained without "turning on" field theory.   A battery has two exposed ends / contacts called poles (+ -). These poles vary in length. In small batteries they are almost flat, not extending beyond the battery, or longer, such as in car batteries. When you connect wires to these battery terminals, you are simply making these terminals longer than they were at the factory. So whether the connected wires are 10 cm long or 150,000 km long, they will still be the terminals of that battery, and there will be voltage at their ends! (A perfect wire, with no resistance, will show a voltage equal to the battery voltage). Connecting a light bulb to these wires will cause it to light up immediately. (When the switch is closed)
Veritasium is apparently super convinced that everyone else shared his misconceptions about circuits and needed to be corrected.  The result is him figuratively dying on this small pedantic molehill.  Everyone that has had even an intro electricity and magnetism physics course at a decent high school is quite familiar with these fields and how they work.  To say that electrons don't do the work and that they are pushed along by an electric field so they aren't important is like claiming ammo isn't important in hunting because the gun goes bang and drives the bullet.  It's asinine.  The ammo carries the momentum and does the final work, likewise do the electrons.  In Veritasium's view he claims all these mysteries get explained by the "the field"... that doesn't seem like much of an explanation to me, just a shifting of the jargon and framing.  Seriously... we know electric fields and right hand rule and induced current, Veritasium is grasping at straws to say something profound about the utterly mundane in intro physics.  It would be far more interesting if he were to explain why we have a right hand rule instead of a left hand rule from fundamentals :P   Let me reiterate this one more time...  we don't say hailstones carry no energy just because they're accelerated by the gravitational field, so why would we accept such a bizarre framing for electrons?
A battery does not have an electric field, an electron either, a proton either. There is only the one electric field and all those things*influence* it... There isn't "the electric field of ..." anything. There is at most "a region of the electric which is mainly influenced by x".
How about waves and superconducting?
Still too pedantic and insufficient to be accurate.  Implying that electrons are separate from the field itself instead of explaining that electrons are representations of zero-time measurements of the field itself is another mistake.  Granted, you probably didn't want to go into quantum mechanics for fear of making an already convoluted explanation even more laborious to watch, but if accuracy was your goal, you missed the mark.  Not an easy task to explain field theory when you are still tethered to particle analogies.
The drama doesn't continue this is still just as fake a video as it ever was. Yeah there's some charge transferred directly across the wires but your original description of having a light bulb and saying it would light that quickly is just rubbish. There will be some charge transfer the wire in one meter over c seconds but that's not going to illuminate the bulb. The whole video was clickbait very poorly presented, very poorly demonstrated and if you're going to use magic unobtainable stuff you should say that that's the case. I used to enjoy your videos but...
Not loving the big square Rhode Mic lol
Love how this "mistake" gathered the whole engineering community and how the discourse brought us closer together. Plus wonderful video.
"Energy is carried by fields and not electrons."  Well put.  I was skeptical of this until I remembered hearing of a fellow that was poaching power from high tension wires by having miles of wire coils in his attic.  The wires received the fields and they induced power into his home.  Then I asked, isn't this the basis of all transformers?  So why did Veratasium's proposal seem so absurd?   I could not see it.  Maybe the test will help me.  I finished watching and indeed my intuition was betrayed by the theater of the original props.  So, yes, induced voltage is a thing and something else, electricity flows upon the surface.   Now, what was the advantage of the pipes vs wires?  Greater surface area per unit cost of a conductor?
You're amazing! Love your videos
This is why I hate when people teach with analogies. Analogies are GREAT, for remembering things. Not for learning and understanding how something ACTUALLY works because the analogies by definition aren’t the same thing.
Takes ownership, is humble, gives credit, makes new video with more explanation.  10/10, highest stamp of approval
Excellent presentation, and crystalised further some of the concepts I had for 'high' speed PCB design, which I did for a few years. I was getting into the distributed and lumped transmission line discussion thinking it's about time he mentioned the small stuff, when a sudden cameo from Rick Hartley (who I will have to look up now) sealed the deal.  A very interesting application of these ideas can be seen in serpentine traces on PCBs (do Americans still call them PWBs?) - yes it's all very well doing this to synchronise for length, but if you're not careful you can introduce phase distortions as the EB waves traverse over the 'back' of the serpent - you've just built yourself something like an interdigited bandpass HF filter by mistake.  My EM lecturer (Professor Percy Hammond) said at the outset that EM is hard. It still is.
The problem with trying to be so exact so as to please all the experts, is you lose the layperson. I could follow this video, but I still don’t understand electricity better. I just have different questions. Like if the power can effectively take a shortcut across the circuit based on the distance, why does any electrical circuit actually work? Wouldn’t it all have to be laid out based on distance and not according to the circuit traces?
See eric dollard, he is the authority on the electric field
It's awesome seeing concepts I was taught in physics 2200 being taught in an entertaining way on YouTube. Good work!
Sheldon vs Howard
"Shocking!"
On purpose i am betting.
Thank you so much! Finally! I have always given up on trying to understand electric circuts because everytime I started reading the books they didn't make sense. I knew it really didn't explain the truth without knowing why. It just didn't seem to add up. Fields totally make sense and is what I kind of thought might work. Why do they hide this from us? Typically you have to learn all the lies before you can get to the truth! Electons carrying the load from one end to the other is ridiculous. Thanks again!!!!
So awesome, quite the paradigm shift
Mehdi already busted your ass on this one
This is way more palpable
Stop bringing all CALTECH and MIT people., I like you.. You should explain in simple way. Pls 🙏
You are a good at narratives, better learn and give a Understandable demo to us., the way u speak.. About electricity is very confusing. Is your channel is for great minds or what??
Nice antenna simulation
Derek! Your work is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I really enjoy watching your videos, and all the comments, and talks they come with.....Thanks !!!!!!!!!
And there it is: The lumped element model representation. All is right in the world again. LMAO. Great work as usual and kudos to engaging in this conversation!!
None of this makes sense. I hate electricity.
im no scientist, he said wifi could power things. tesla? could someone already use wifi power? could theses UAP be magneticly driven with wifi power. it seems so crazy, but it just makes a person think what current technoligy is capable of
Hum what alo words
I have a stable impression that Veritasium just told us about induction in conductors, without naming it. In my opinion, he could simply take a resistor not connected to the source circuit, connect oscilloscope probes to it and see exactly the same voltage jump in the first nanoseconds. Moreover, the time of this jump would depend on the length of the wire, and, in support of this, pay attention to the length of the jump, in experiments from the video. In the case of a chain of a long chain of 20 meters ~ 30 ns, in the case of 1000 m ~ 1000 ns (1 μs), which does not contradict the above.
I love it when your videos spawn reaction videos and we get to see other peoples takes. I also appreciate this update, it goes into a good depth explanation. Thanks
Amazing work, amazing video, amazing explanation, amazing emotional intelligence & IQ. Veritasium deserves a Popular Science award from YouTube or some other entity.
Tesla (the actual tesla) must be so sad right now. He must have thought we would know this already by now.
The only problem with Derek's video was he communicated his preconditions unprecise. Everyone understood "when will the full current settle" but he meant "when will happen more than nothing".
Oh no it its tje veritusian
This blows my mind,  I am a thinker , this will definitely keep me awake at night lol . I do love the complexity of it. Thanks for the vid.
Dumb question: Did you really have to make the model so high? Seems unnecessary. Could have made it closer to the ground without the need for a ladder...
Wow! What a great lesson of electric fields and circuits! You should be proud of this comprehensive and educational piece of gold.
Do you have a link for the whole Rick Hartley presentation you showed at the end there?
Im thinking what will happen if will u do coil around the world... u know, earth have magnetic field and sun have magnetic field which can maybe, IDK but Im just guessing make electricity
I cringe re-watching this to see what I missed.  Very, very, very, very miss-leading and wrong, wrong, wrong.  He put the + pole connected directly to the load.  i.e. the load is ALWAYS ON, just too low to see any glow.  It has become a positively charged antenna.  Normal conductors rising from the "EARTH" or - side will most always be negative... they're the ground and behind what you call lightning.  The electrons go UP, not down.  The stratosphere is positively charged in relation to the ground/earth and you could, in theory not practice create a free energy source if you had a tall enough conductor antenna.  There will be a voltage difference but too low to be useful... until a thunder cloud passes nearby.
What a super video. It brought together some super brains to answer questions. This is the future I have no doubt.
Science YouTube is pretty awesome, seeing all these YouTubers coming together around a certain theory, concept, etc, and producing so much awesome content for us, and pushing each other to be bigger and better.
LOL I have been waiting for this for what feels like an eternity
If this were true then when I turned on one light in my house all the lights in my house would light up.
13:23, the bulb at the bottom shouldn't turn on, as there is not negative charge on the part of the circuit that wasn't connected to the battery (i.e open circuit)
If I'm understanding the video correctly, in the scenario that (when looking down on the ground) we have two (LED) light bulbs, one at the top, one at the bottom and a switch in between. Only one circuit is closed by the switch but we don't know which one. When closing the switch, both light bulbs will simultaneously emit light because the electrical field 'carries' energy to both? And for the first 1m / c period, we cannot determine which circuit is closed?
You see, this ended up being one of your best, if not simply the very best video you've made so far. Eye-opener. Thank you very much!
Zillions you say 🤔🧐 how intriguing
Wow that software is really cool I didn't know they had that
At this point of the simulation called my life, I guess I'm being made to watch these science vids to make me aware of all the deeper going lore and updates on that what was offered in basic school ed chapter.
I have an Led lightbulb in the basement that also glows (just a little bit) even when the switch is off. I'm wondering if that's why
why didn't you say this in your initial video?
WRONG, WRONG, WRONG, WRONG, WRONG... AT LEAST EXTREMELY MISLEADING AND TOO, TOO, TOO, TOO TO MANY FALSE EQUIVALENCIES.  DON'T LET VERITASIUM WIRE YOUR HOME.  HE HAS STILL APPLIED THE HOT WIRE DIRECTLY TO THE LOAD... I.E. IT IS ALWAYS ON BUT WILL TAKE LIGHT SPEED TO REACH MAX EFFICIENCY.  NOBODY EVER WIRED THE ENERGY WIRE (HOT WIRE) DIRECTLY TO THE LOAD EXCEPT IN LONG DISTANCE ENERGY TRANSMISSION.  IT'S EXTREMELY, EXTREMELY DANGEROUS AND SHOWS VERITASIUM IS A VERY, VERY, VERY BAD ELECTRICIAN.  Really BAD video... false information, false equivalencies.  CRAP.  One moment there's a switch, then there isn't then there's the truly horrific idea of connecting the + (hot) wire directly t;o the load.  Sheesh.
great job, hopefully people seeing this will see electronic circuitry in a new perspective
a 24 minuet video explaining that your question was ambiguous on purpose xD
The ENERGY is carried by the spin of the electron.  More voltage, more spin... more energy, easily lost through collisions and electromagnetic resistance... every electron is a magnet.  There is little to no field unless there is a circuit.  Antennae are wired directly to the HOT wire (+ wire).  No circuit occurs until enough voltage is applied to the antenna... or, rather, the FIELD is EXTREMELY limited and inversely proportional to the distance squared.  Also, little energy will be dissipated until the oscillations exceed 100,000 cycles per second.  Little or NO current will EVER leave the antenna with low voltage DC current.
if you look closely at the oscilloscope diagram, you'll see, that in 3ns (time needed for field to pass 1 meter) the voltage on the load is still far from 4 volts. it took about 20-25ns to linearly rise from zero to 4 volts.
Too bad there is no "dislike" button, so the viewer watching any YouTube video can't easily tell if the information is false.  Talk about spreading "misinformation".
i think the root of misconception is the QED is not complete and there are still alot of things we dont know,i just wanna know what the fields actually are in the non-classical quantum view
RESPECT!
Mr PhD must have forgotten that electrons have mass and don't travel at the speed of light within a solid conductor.....  Gotta get ya particle/wave duality straightened out
Thank you, I waited all this long to hear that you were wrong about 1/c seconds because the units were wrong.
U know u did something wrong when big clive says something
Now tell me how will current flow from a battery under water or in mercury?
Is the Model for AC and DC ?
Making a statement that starts a bunch of conversation about how stuff work - it's almost as if that's how science works!
Are you letting this get boring dude?
Hi Derek! I think it will be clearer for most people if you used fast speed (timelapse) video camera directed to LED to show results from an oscillograph ^^
I'll admit, I was in disagreement with your initial video. These animations were spectacularly done, thank you for making such a good explanation.
Generally I approve of this better explanation but it was a bit sneaky switching from a light bulb which might have a resistance of say 10 Ohms to a 1000 Ohm resistor.  This means that the power transferred to the load during that first step is now a hundred times larger than might have been expected.  So all the people saying that the power was negligible were right at the time but now are wrong. Edit - actually it's more like 2,500 times larger.
Thank you thank you thank you!!!  I'm not a credentialed EE nor do I particularly know much about electricity beyond having slightly more knowledge than a typical person, but this video made it clear and understandable, finally.  I truly enjoyed the journey from your original video to this one which gave me the big Ah Ha moment.  Best of all, I feel a lot smarter now :-)
Hi Derek, Can our neirons work the same way?
Soooo.... could you measure the distance of a broken transmission line by seeing how long it takes for the light bulb to shut back off?
Internet works that way: do a mistake and all the knowledge will arise
i love listening to science
Awesome effort and this time? I'm really impressed. Hats off to your dedication to the science!
Now go and cover about how we know that Maxwells equations are wrong, which is why we can't model near field interactions and we'll learn that we still don't fully understand how this all works.... and then you can cover how you can change the speed of propagation of the EM through the wire by changing its properties, which also then change its impedance (which changes with frequency as well).
I love how I am subbed to all of the people who said you were wrong
So they lied to us 🤔
it took you a while for this mistake
2 basic tools that have been around for decades also illustrate this property; the automotive inductive timing light and an inductive volt/ammeter used for checking house wiring current.  Anyone who has used either of these items should know that it is because of the electric current that is flowing exclusive of the wiring.
Very ry nice.
Interesting. I watched this video on my phone while it charged on a wireless charger. 🤔
Wow. I'm shocked! This debate has been electric! Love seeing the best in their field showing us the light.
This simulation only shows the capacitive displacement current Electroboom was just indicating in his video and corresponds to the first pair of LC lumped elements in his transmission line circuit. So both are saying the same , but in this video the link between engineering representation of an equivalent circuit and physical domain simulation is blurry. Kinda leads to think Electroboom was wrong , but actually he laid the engineering representation in an equivalent electrical simulation and you made the physical domain simulation .
Why am I watching this😐
Class act!
By "not doing a great explanation" the first time, millions of us learned a lot about physics. Win!
Thanks to all involved!
So if you had a wall or anything which typically absorbs EM fields between the switch and the bulb, the bulb wouldn't light up until the EM field finishes running through the length of the circuit.
So excellent, thank you for making this!
Lets consider a thought experiment: If we enclose the light bulb with a Faraday's cage, leaving only 2 very tiny holes for the conducting wires that carry current to pass through. Also ensure the wires are insulated with very good but also very thin insulator that tightly fill up the gap between the holes on the Faraday's cage and the copper conductor in the wire (wire fits snuggly through the holes). If the Faraday's cage is sufficiently small that it literally encloses only the Tungsten filament of the light bulb (or the pn junction diode of the LED light bulb), would the light bulb lights up in such simple DC circuit which simply consists of a battery (or any DC power source), the copper wires and the light bulb (enclosed tightly in a Faraday's cage)? If yes, how does the Poynting vector field pattern look like to deliver energy continuously to the light bulb from the power source? Could this experiment be designed and conducted? Thank you.
I feel dumb and lost, i studied electro mechanics and this is over my head.
I still don’t understand where all the white goes when snow melts….I have no idea why I am watching this video. I was in over my head 10 seconds into watching this video lol
This is a better overall explanation, but it feels like this video takes away from the previous in which it seemed like the explanation was that all of the power was distributed by the electric fields, whereas this one seems like it puts more emphasis on the ever present surface charges/ lattice. But with the electric fields still playing a roll overall. Which seem very obvious considering wireless charging/ power is a real thing. Though, I could also just be still misunderstanding the overall discussion.
What a beautiful problem for an oral examination! So simple and yet so easy to misconceptualize.
The force that holds molecules together, like the atoms that make up a chunk of steel for instance, that force moves at the speed of light. I think.
Are the electric and magnetic fields two distinct fields,? or are they mutually intertwined in such a way as to be akin to space and time being referred to as space-time? Does the term electro-magnetism define the characteristics of both fields completely?
HFSS is a super cool tool; I am glad you were able to use it and present some graphics from it. As an engineer I think the thought experiment was great and did get me to think beyond the lumped element model I use every day. Having that broader understanding can be the difference than makes you a true expert at your job.
This video made it very clear to me I am in a YouTube bubble 😂
Electrons also don't exist there a unit of measurement. 1 unit of diaelectric induction. Jj Thompson himself said so. Its like saying we have buckets of water flowing through a water pipe. Electron theory also cannot explain wireless power transfer in a vaccum.
Only one who knows the real answer is Eric Dollard
Well done Derek. I guess this just helps to prove how difficult science communication is, and you've handled it so well. Must have been a lot of work to complete this video too. Good to see, too, that there's a real synergistic   community of science and engineering communicators out there. The sum is more than the parts, eh.
How about to look into my (rough) translation of section “Aethero-dynamical foundations of electronagnetism” of the Atskukovski’s book “general Etherodynamics” (on Slobodan Nedic’s page at the AcademiaEdu or the ResearchGate) - it isn’t about flows of electrons, but about their inclinations into direction of the applied electric field that collectively drive the conductor surrounding aether supstrate particles …
Conclusion: circuit becomes subset of source or more precisely active elements?!
This video has gone through like 4 changes
This is a very interesting video. I am an electronics engineer and this aligns perfectly with my understanding of the subject. This was not always the case. My understanding improved when I was helping my physics major daughter who was studying electric circuits. Being a physics major their perspective on the subject was very different then what I got at school for engineering. They viewed it as EM fields and I had to really understand the physics behind the circuit to help explain the circuits behavior. Only then could I answer some of her very interesting questions about electron movement and field formation. This video is perfectly aligned with my final understanding.  With that said I believe that both sides are in many ways correct. The bulb being in close proximity to the voltage source  and more importantly close to the wire that will carry the current will cause what is basically EM noise to be captured by the load and its wire. This will generate a reduced current which can light up a sensitive bulb. This will happen at the stated speed based on the distance between the two. At the same time this circuit is still not fully closed as the full magnitude of the EM field generated by the power source as not formed yet near the load and will only form after propagating through the full length of the wire which is everyone else's argument. You can see this in the provided simulations of this video. So yes you get some current and yes your circuit is not truly on yet.  At the same time both are partially wrong. If the claim is the circuit does not provide power through the wires based on wire length and the EM noise method is how the circuit works then you would be wrong. Simply move the load further away from the source and you will quickly have to wait the longer propagation time to get any noticeable current. The primary function of the circuit does not rely on the EM noise mechanism for power transfer. If you claim that there will only be leakage current when the power source is close to the load then you would be wrong again. The EM noise can be significant and can be measured.
Yea he is right
Everybody's an expert when it come to theory. Few are actual experts when it come to reality.  Great jobs sir! 👍
Does the mass decrease when a battery loses energy? (E = mc2)
A video that made me think a lot about electrical engineer. Great
One more (possible) problem with circuit... If wires are superconductors, will they emit any field outside themselves? If not, then we have another problem)
You say that the field is created by charges on the surface of the wire and then shoot youself in the foot, arguing that the charges are distributed "instantly". What the hell is "instantly"?! There is a light second to the middle of the wires! It takes one second for the charges to be distributed throughout the wire.  For 1m/c of a second, the charges will be distributed only over a length of 1 meter, which is 1/300000000 of the entire length of the wire. This means that the voltage on the light bulb will be approximately 1/300000000 of the nominal value. This is even less than the leakage current. That's how small it is!  And the experiment was deliberately set up with an error, because the ratio between the distance to the light bulb and the length of one branch of the wire is only 10 here, and not 300000000. And accordingly, after 1/s of a second, not 1/300000000 of the wire will be involved, but as much as 1/10! No amount of precision instruments can eliminate this. Since we are talking about a relative value and not an absolute one.
To get the answer of "1/c" seconds - do we follow the convention that light has same speed in all directions?
Nerd Fandom heating up
The secret is that the change in entropy makes energy falls into the central 'hole' in any system. It dictates than the electron must transfer from one terminal to the other for work to be done. This would take about 3 s.
So it's induction lighting?
First bad video on this channel. You are not right  when say that electrons don't move energy. Your theory mean that if we use ideal dielectric that cover wire and block any fields, lamp never light up. Your experiment just show phenomenon of electromagnetic induction.
Vision is faster than the speed of light
After watching your video on why clickbait titles and thumbnails are so effective I've found myself thinking about it every single time I click on a video. Sometimes I think for days as I see it on my suggested feed, and then realize the reason I'm not clicking is because it's not clickbaity enough. I did that with this video. I know I'm going to love every video you put out. They are awesome (not trying to suck up, just really enjoy the content), but for some reason it just didn't grab me, and now I'm half way through on the part where you're talking about not needing wires, and I'm like "hmmm 'We Don't Need Wires'" would have been a good title. I would have clicked that day one for sure... Thank you for making me think more like a youtuber should! No matter how title or thumbnail your stuff, I'm always gonna click. <3
2 debates, and 2 wins. Can you stop beating people? Thanks :P :)
so how transistors work? after this explanation
The highest goal of science is to realize that we somehow didn't do it right, didn't ask it right, or didn't say it right the first time. We then go about working to improve upon both our questioning and explanation. We understand and accept imperfections because without them, there will never be discovery. Thank you for what you do.
I was good for the first couple of minutes...but after that I was just watching because I really liked how this whole series turned out.
This experience shows that it exists a finite impedance between the two lines so that is absolutely normal that a current exist within the resistor. Question asked was "how long will it take for the bulb to light up" (where D) seems to be a good answer) but many people understood "How will it take to energy to go from battery to light bulb". To answer at this second question, I suggest to use shielded wires and I think that answer will be different
Still a misleading question...   Also, the effects of superconductivity are ignore in all theoretical and experimental proofs.
Nice folded dipole, aprox 300ohms at resonance.
This video does a much better job at explaining what is happening. I still have a problem - the electric field falls as rapidly as a function of distance (not sure how quickly - it strongly depends on the geometry). So the scaled down experiment is not very good. What if the wires were 3 meters apart? Or 50 vs 300,000 km length. I am sure that at 50 meters there will be no effect (at time 50/c). So he is really talking about a leakage effect - not the main energy passing mechanism
I am extremely happy to see the Real Science Method happen here.
Explain lightning if what u say is correct invisible wires perhaps
The elctro-magnetic field being relevant certainly isn't where my head first went, but it made perfect sense with just a 2 s explanation. Of course there is some measurable electric field almost instantaneously. The question then became whether, across a 1m air gap, it would be enough to turn on the light bulb, and I think that's where you end up with room for debate.  Your wires here that got ~20% of the voltage across the gap appear closer than a metre together, and as a result you got a substantially higher voltage than AlphaPhoenix's result, which I think was the best of the response videos.  And the props matter...it was completely reasonable to watch the original video and see the 12v car batter, consumer grade light bulb, and ask "would this light go on before the current propagates the whole way around an arbitrarily long superconducting wire."  And I still think the answer to that question is probably "no."
I think the next experiment (to understand how the field transfers the energy to the load) should be to calculate the time difference between switch/light actuation, when the power source and bulb are 1) opposite each other at the closest distance (as is shown in this video) and 2) opposite each other at the longest distance.  This would allow a better hypothesis on how the field travels, a) through space, or b) on the surface of the conductor (which I think is more likely and would explain a result where there is no difference between 1) and 2)).
This really explains why Transformers work Thanx
Just an antena in front of another antena, huh ?
sorry if this is a dumb question. so if there are light bulbs at the 300,000 km on either side, they will light up after the 1 meter light across the battery, right? how much longer would it take?
This was fantastic  amazing visual aids. 👏 Well done
This is amazing, but you need a better thumbnail - I kept this in my Watch Later list too long!
Yup i knew i was too dumb for this 😅
I have a question. You claim that the energy from the power source to the light bulb is transmitted through the energy of electric and magnetic fields. But after all, the intensity of the electric and magnetic fields of the conductor is maximum only on the surface of this conductor, and with the distance from the surface of the conductor, the intensity decreases, and the energy of the radiated fields decreases accordingly. Perhaps I am wrong in something, but in order for the light bulb to light up at a distance of 1 meter from the source, while the length of the wires is 1 light second, several hundred kilovolts are needed, as for example on high-voltage power lines. So the light bulb in this experiment will light up after 1 second when the key is closed. At least I think so. And one more point, why do you use LED, not incandescent lamps in your experiment, and also why do you use digital, not digital-analog oscilloscopes, which are more accurate. And yet, the moment of closing the circuit (as far as I know) is called a transient process, wasn't your oscilloscope showing its time? I do not know how much all of the above should affect the result of the experiment, but correct me if I am wrong about something.
Do i smell a… NERD OFF!
thank u for coming back to this
Engineers might measure the resistance of each switch or light, and they might place the perfect length of wire between the power source and each outlet, but that isn't practical in the real world, we use primarily volts and amps, the only time I ever use resistance is when testing a component directly for malfunction. We size our wires off the Amp load.
As an electronic engineer..... yeah we have to up our game. 🙄
Still disappointed how your trying to pass off a transient RF effect as an explanation to how electricity works. Veritisium is defiantly not an element about truth.
"Are you not entertained"
If the energy from the battery has nothing to do with the kinetic energy of the electron that ultimately lighted the bulb, then the battery is irrelevant to the lighting, right? If it is irrelevant, no need for it, the bulb still goes on.
So, I'm a bit confused, where do amps come from then? You covered resistance and voltage, but if the electrons are what causes amps, how come we get a consistent reading of amps if the electrons have depleted their charge and aren't' pushing voltage through? So if your theory is correct then the amperage of a charged wire should be measurably the same on a wire laying next to it that is not charged.
Come on dude, 2 videos of 25 mins to explain what induction is ? Again, that illustration with a super long circuit is awfully misleading because the two parts don't even have to be connected, and you didn't tell anything about the actual power that reaches the lamp. Now you did clarify but come on, admit that it was a really clumsy explanation in the first place.
Isn't this the basis for any transformer?  No connecting wires there.
This is outstanding. And you are my hero. I’ve searched for this very explanation for 20 years. I knew that the classic EE explanation must just be heuristics, but I’ve never understood the connection to Maxwell equations. I’ll be looking up that book you mentioned.
We still love you.  You are wonderful and do a great job
This is Amazing!  This is Science, This is how science work , should work.   Side note: I'm now wondering how this fields are contained in the printed boards, chips, etc.
What I see is the wires are a continuation of the power source. This must be otherwise flipping the switch would do nothing. The wires would just be wires, and the source would be the only thing containing the charge.
Next do quantum physics 💀 I want a wave of explainers to explain Maxwell's equations
Why do I watch this video even though i can't understand
Let me just acknowledge the level of humility and honesty he has shown in this episode. He made an honest mistake, in fact I'd not even call it a mistake, rather it was more of a layman's version/analogy. Nevertheless, he took all the feedback/criticisms graciously and went about explaining it all in great details. This is how people in pursuit of knowledge are expected to behave. Respect!
OMG, and no wonder I couldn’t understand this in physics class. I had so many follow up questions and I ended up annoying the teacher. She couldn’t answer most of them, but I think partly we were lost in translation.
One of the most insincere "I got it wrong" I've ever come across!
Я считаю эксперимент не до конца проведён, считаю что нужно ещё сделать полный разрыв цепи, и показать тот же импульс в 5 вольт который при доходе до разрывы погаснет : I think the experiment has not been completed to the end, I think that it is still necessary to make a complete break in the circuit, and show the same impulse of 5 volts, which will go out when it reaches the break)
Only the third Veritasium video which has left me knowing more, yet understanding less.
Like👍
i am confusion
Terrific video!  Thankfully I can cancel my wire order!
По поводу того что это сложно представить и описать. А разве это не легко описывается телефонной трубкой на проводе? Если я скажу привет в трубку, а ты будешь на расстоянии одного метра от меня, то сначала ты услышишь что сказал я через воздух, а потом только оно придёт по проводу) : About the fact that it is difficult to imagine and describe. Isn't that easily described by a handset on a wire? If I say hello into the phone, and you are one meter away from me, then first you will hear what I said through the air, and then only it will come through the wire)
24min of a great video, to clarify what 3 years of technical course and 5 years of electrical engineering could not
What I love about this is that experts from around the world are all weighing in on this and I’m still here like.. I don’t get it. Electricity is too strange
Just to think in terms of Occams Razor: why do we need electrons to explain circuits altogether, if fields are the carriers of energy. This also would brake the analogy with a water "circuit" driving a watermill, where water is clearly the carrier of energy. We should of course rewrite chemistry in terms of fields of individual atoms.........🙃
? Wtf we all know that the free elektons flow If the potencial Differenz is given.  The e is doing Work in all parts of the system, Not only the Main target for examble a light bulb.  By doing so you get a byproduct elektromagneticfield.... This byproduct is so strong that WE can use it... And all with a Bit of Car knowledge knows that a main and a secondary circit with no Connection Work together to produce the Energy needed for the Spark Plug.  So i guess the Outside field pushes the INSIDE free Electrons...  The only Thing New to me is that i think now, maybe the Not free Elektrons are causing the field or..  i wanna know more   Maybe i miss a Point Here but AS soon you sayed 1 Meter apart... I think... Yay and a stun gun dont need to Touch ya and still Hurt    Greatz from Germany and have a nice Day opo
This guy can’t take an L
Я почему то не сомневался в первый раз, что ты знаешь о чем говоришь🙂
I went from "Oh I think I got it!" to "nvm" 2 times now :'D
Science. Falsification at work. It’s a beautiful thing.
So it is a Hertz experiment of electromagnetic waves?
Sometimes you can’t predict what questions people will actually have. That’s why science is a back and forth
19:03 someone help me out here please. his original answer was "the bulb will light up after 1m/c seconds", that would be about 3 nanoseconds. if we look at the oscilloscope screen here, the horizontal grid has 50ns spacings. 3ns after the signal at the source starts rising, the signal at the load hasn't even risen above the noise level yet. but he goes on to claim to transmit several volts. seems like he has disproven his own conclusion. yes, there is power transfer before the field has gone through the whole of the line, but after 1m/c seconds the transfer is negligible, which was his original answer. disingenuous, as we are used to from derek.
When i was a kid i always wondered about i=v/R, But apparently it's derived from something that is so magically beautiful
I have always had trouble understanding physics textbooks descriptions of electric circuits, it has always seemed inconsistent and full of holes, and this is the first time it has ever started to make sense to me.
I knew my tribalism would pay off and make me seem smarter than I am on this topic
so you built an antenna. what a bufoon
I like science drama, we need more science drama videos.
Superb!!!
12:13 BEN?
Thank you to all who worked with, and challenged Derek. Having experts explain why they think the way that they do is never a waste. It helps us to understand our own assumptions, our errors in concepts or analysis, and leads to a greater understanding and appreciation by all. I believe the animations you've developed with others will improve the understanding of many electrical engineer/technologists. Thank you from all the physics/electrical educators!
Thanks Derek, you're awesome
Sir can you prove the following equation in the next video? (1-x)–½=1+1/2x+3/8x²+5/16x³ ............................................................
Thank you!  I initially felt that you were using a special case of 1m separated wires to create a trick question about the lamp, but I did not deny the technical accuracy of what you were claiming. This video is wonderful, however, and I sincerely appreciate that you made a follow-up that was both humble and constructive. EEs may sometimes forget, but they were taught about finite element models in their earliest classes.  They might not learn where the electrons go until much later, but my first circuits book has transmission lines with all the little caps and coils drawn in 🙂.  I got that book out and blew off the dust after watching your prior video, so it both educated and challenged a surprising number of people.
Wow! Wow! Wow! Just wow!!! Science isn't about being always correct but building from our mistakes and understanding our surrounding better.  Derek, you did a great job debunking the myths on the how energy flows in an electrical circuit.
Thanks for explaining! At 15:52 you had me convinced. No need to show me the experiment. It makes sense and I am dumb.
Question: What about a downed utility wire that has been severed at both ends but still holds energy enough to kill a  person at times. Wouldn’t this situation also prove your analysis as well?
love seeing YouTubers collab with each other like this
Loving the thumbnail straight outta Gladiator!
That moment when smartest guy in class and teacher argue, delaying classroom, and you just wanna go home.
Don’t understand why people think he’s wrong. If just operates as a linear transformer or series of parallel capacitors, not a wire, for the first second.
The question everyone is thinking, so if you put a separate duplicate circuit mirrored below the first circuit. If you close only one of the circuits you would light both LED's during the first crucial nano seconds? However you could never perceive it with your own eyes. only the closed circuit would be perceived as have been lit?
Thanks for this sequel. Science and learning wouldn’t be possible without the clash of the theories.
I'm not eletrical engineer or something, but i have been in super large warehouse when a blackout happened.  The lamp was down one by one shutdown it takes some where about 3 second from the first bulb off to the last one in the opposite corner. And before all the lamp goes out emergency generator kicked in, turning on the first lamp before the last one out, and like "racing" to turn up the light with about the same speed,  Can you please explain this?  Sorry English is not my first language
In short: sender and receiver antennas ...
the exam:
Sounds like its kind of wrong, but kind of right.
Nope. Velocity Factor, look it up.
Well done!  Well done!  You raised a big issue that needed a lot of exploration.   And you got it, all in the public forum of YouTube videos.   Awesome educator!
use tesla set up you can get free electricity
leakage on wires go stand under a transmission wires with fluorescent tube bulbs see them light up in your hand
The easy explanation for this was discovered, and written about, in 1903 by Kristian Birkeland. You nearly had it with one of the diagrams showing rotating currents around the outside of the wire. And that was based on the electrical engineer's explanation. The structure of a Birkeland Current has already been diagrammed.
Now u see a science  world war
21:55 That's. terrible toupet ._. Great video tho, and great explanation! :)
Короче говоря, лампочка загорится слабо через 1/300000 с, а на полную мощность через 1 с.
southern atlantic anomaly
Bloody brilliant!  This entire story, from Derek's first video onwards, is a beautiful case of what was once known as "citizen science".  Thank you very much [to all].  It's been a real privilege to both witness and learn.   Almost as an aside, my own interest in matters electrical and wireless began with a homemade crystal set and led me to lifelong interest in physics.  Very grateful for what I've learned here.
Now get people to explain how a Tesla coil works. Even better- explain what the hollow copper ball on top of Tesla's original coils were for. (:
Really interesting , and thanks to bring the real physics to our attention, easy to forget, and also thanks to clarify
19:30 you would be happy with that amount of light if it was the only thing you had in the dark
What I really dislike is this described separation of "electrons" and teir charge from the fields. The field is there because of charge
Totally changed the narrative of how circuits were taught to us in universities, loved every bit of it
Transistors are well known for leakage current when designed incorrectly. Gap transmission is a serious issue at nano scale. The veteran circuit designer said it perfectly.  Further, even Tesla understood wireless transmission through field induction. It’s almost silly to focus on the illustration when the more important and fascinating facts are how fields interact and propagate.
Waiting for ElecrtroBoom
You should do a video on Voicelifes new wireless charging technology!
So batteries and wires are the biggest lie in the modern civilization
Is the establishment of an electromagnetic field when the battery is inserted limited to the speed of light in a vacuum, or the speed of light at local air density?
But how fast is the electric field ? is if faster than light
Crucial 👉The Connections (2021) [short documentary] 💖
I'm so ever grateful that i watch veritasium😇
Who dares question this man
Your first video blew my mind and this second one simply refinds my amassment. I'm not in the field and can barely keep up, but I benefit massively from you're channel.  Thanks!
Thanks for the video, as a complete layman on the subject, a lot still flew over my head, but I think I managed to grasp a few things. If possible I would love to see a video about wireless charging and why it isn't standard for all things electrical.
👍🏽👍🏽
So 🤔....... If a battery wasnt immersed in an electric field, what happens???.........  Since the electron doesnt carry the 'energy', but the field pushes the electron, surely that's chicken an egg? The electron cannot be responsible for the field in the battery, or the attached wire.........  It would seem to me, that the battery sets up a disparity between the external field and the resultant one in the battery and wire, forcing the external field to seek equilibrium which dissipates using the electrons and converting the energy to heat, which then radiates from the bulb?.....  So does this mean in theory, that if you had a battery that was isolated from the external field, that nothing would happen?
There is a bit of 'smoke and mirrors' in this explanation. As a radio/electronics engineer, I only see an explanation of basic transmission-line theory. The wire adjacent to the 'loop' immediately shouts "YAGI-UDA" antenna to me! *Further reading:  Impedance of the folded dipole antenna. Principle of operation of the 'Yagi' antenna and it's frequency response. Time Domain Reflectometry. Finally, stretch the wire round the planet, rather than parallel out-and-back to obtain a magnetic loop antenna with a different frequency response again. >Next
"there is an electric field outside the wire due to these charges, but it's zero inside" ... "simultaneously the new electric field radiates outwards, and when it reaches the bulb, the electric field inside it is no longer zero" why was it zero first then? and, in your simulation, you're inducing current in the far wire, but i feel this is still very much different from the current along the whole wire (note your simulation showing the field expanding along the wire slower), which as you show then also works for an open circuit (or just two wire loops next to each other), via essentially capacitive coupling. that should be a way lower current than the actual closed circuit? or is it just _shorter_ because the reflections didn't happen yet? in that case, would hooking up the battery but leaving the switch open _also_ introduce a tiny pulse?
U r wrong again.
Big Clive got a cameo. excellent work
A beautiful channel ! I follow you !
nice antenna
Question. why does there even have to be a connection with the wires? At the far ends you can basically just cut the wire and you should get the same result? do you get the same result?
I feel like it's a great time to be alive in order to appreciate science.
I really like the point that we sometimes take simplified models (such as Ohm's law) for granted and forget that they are just useful simplifications, just like Newton's law of gravity.  I also greatly respect this and the preceding video for not just highlighting this in the electric circuits but helping develop a deeper understanding (with great visuals) of what is happening in circuits.  Despite being complex, if we do not take for granted our simplified models and aim to appreciate the underlying mechanics we will develop a better intuition for how electricity works at macroscopic levels.  This results in us being more successful in solving and designing problems related to electric circuits.  Thanks Derek.
I was putting some circuits together and while checking my work a wire that was not hooked to any power was registering a proper voltage as if it were. after moving the wires and double checking for a short the voltage disappeared. Then when put back in the look the voltage re appeared. That’s the day I learned about inductance, shielding and em fields once and for all.
This is mindboggeling...
Well done.  You done good.  You made us think. You made a lot of experts look a little foolish.
I think the single word you're missing is TRANSIENT. That would clear out most of the confusion
I watched some of those videos calling it misleading, and I think you are misrepresenting their level of disagreement. They came to the same conclusion that a small current begins at 1/c but contend that it is misleading to say that the bulb turns on because that implies the full current.  Also I'm not sure what is controversial. When teaching about generators, electrical engines and transformers we teach about current flowing with no touching wires. Is the grade 7-9 textbook explanation not enough to explain this phenomenon? Moving electrons at the switch creates a changing magnetic field around the wire which in turn starts to move electron across the wire?
Electricity lore
6:31 then what is the value of that instantaneous? And why?
True science 👍
It gets real interesting when you work with open circuits… not the closed circuits which pervades all modern circuits
Why does wire thickness need to increase as load increases?
"The clue that this is actually a thought experiment is the two lightseconds of superconducting wire" has got to be my new favorite sentence
13:17 but wouldn't that mean that every lightbulb would turn on regardless of wether or not it was connected to a battery by cables?
I dunno man. It feels like you made a clickbait video and are trying to save face. Something feels off you were making some odd claims the last video that don't seem present now. I feel like your original video was based on disproving an already false belief that electron flow was a point A to point B relationship form the source. Respect the scientific method tho. And obviously, you do too.
Can you please make a video on how clock synchronization over networks across the globe works.  How exactly does the clocks synchronize time as they might ne delaying while confirming from other main clocks.
The ancient Giant's was killed by actual small humans, that still happening , the small humans feel giants when kill one.
This is so interesting. I work with RF/uM but and I'm not a formally educated Engineer. Is the dissipation of the battery's energy due to free space propagation then? how does a battery die?
Thank you for a wonderful narrative in which everything was discussed in great depth. Reminds me of my studies and difficult Maxwell's equations, uhh, thank goodness we have shortcuts. But why did you change the title 3 times?
Wait wait...... First 1min and 20secs we got an expert? Now this is cool af
But hey! 6:26 I think Electric field lines never make closed loops!
The problem is that my brain can't grasp the concept of "fields". I can imagine what electrons, protons, photons are but when physics start to speak about fields my imagination ends.
What's a field
Were you misleading on purpose on the first video so that you could justify doing the experiment and making another video?  That's smart 😋
Alpha phoenix did it first haha
Wouldn't a superconductor be missing an external field?
King Oogabooga of WokeKanda commends your attempt to enlighten us!! You are hereby awarded the prestigious title, Oogabooga Visionary of WokeKanda 🖖🖖🖖 !!!!
Every couple of yeas I turn back and study physics each time I dive deeper to its core and basic principles and its totally worth it... The more generalized way to look at things gives you at glance at so many explanations
i absolutely love the nerd feud you fueled.
You owe no apology. You did great.
i labored for an electrician for a while and he told me that electricity flows AROUND the wire, not THROUGH it....was he wrong????? because he made me feel like an absolute idiot for thinking it flowed through the wire....i was only 17 at the time but still...
That thumbnail tho.. ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED? haha
You contradict your self in this. Do the electrons move through the wire or not? you claim both!!! Also you are assuming that these wires would be so close to each other that fields travel  magnitudes less distance than the length of the wire. Separate the wires the same distance equal to the length of the wire.I believe you will find your fields with not be up to the task. You say they don't need to be connected so lets separate them by say a 1KM and watch this work!
People always forget that Derek's primary goal is education, even his university research. Too many teachers used the lumped elements to explain electricity when I was at school, made it quite difficult learning RF engineering concepts to break away from misconceptions.
Batteries(alkaline) donot have positive terminal. It is neutral. Or you may say it is positive with respect to the other terminal where electrons are hugely accumulated. So no electron deficiency at the positive side of the wire. Electrons move by the EMF. Not the field. It just diffuses through out the length of the wire. The diffusion pressure is EMF. Thats it. The light will turn on as soon as the pressure wave or the compression wave hits the bulb. Insted of erecting monumental theory in favour to his ego, Derek could have helped to determine this little thing called "speed of the electrons' compression wave". World would have been grateful to him.
I still dont understand how electricity works
You could also think about the electric wire on either side of the circuit as radiating elements in an antenna. Because the pulse is not continuous, it has Fourier components that will cause a pulse of EM radiation to radiate away from the wires, which is then picked up and carried but the wires, acting as antenna elements on the other side. This is why the circuit need not be closed in order to transfer energy, and in fact of you had an alternating current could induce the full current across the gap without the circuit being connected at all. This is effectively how transformers work in AC systems, and how power transfer systems work in wireless charging. You are correct though, it's the electric field that transfers the energy, not any of the electrons.
This video is why we need the internet. I really wish I had this when I was studying Electrical Engineering, back in 1997. It would had saved me weeks of study, in trying to understand how everything works!
when you showed how the charges behave and how it relate to the lumped model with capacitors, that's brilliant.
This kind of "drama" is more interesting compared to the other shitshows in this site because it's videos like this that really arouse the scientific method into such interesting debates.
Has no one ever stood under high voltage power lines with a fluorescent bulb? Similar concept is it not? The fluro bulb isn’t even plugged in and it lights up.
The explanation is just plain wrong or the intepretation is dubious.... If that would be the case, every time you would close a circuit in your house, all the lights would flicker because of the capacitance effect between the wire. This is literally your whole explanation, in your initial circuit, we can neglect the whole big circuit and resume the initial circuit as 2 parallel wire with a capacitance coupling. It is literally shown at 16:58 Which means that everytime you close a switch a circuit all the lights in all the rooms would flicker. because all the wires in your house all have a mutual capacitance effect between them.  At the end if you had actually measure the current in the resistor, 18:55  I am pretty sure that the value would have been 0 A when you had the 5V which actually fits your ANSIS simulation that shows a Poynting vector of 0 (literally at 15:00, we see a Poynting vector of 0 which mean no power is there in the circuit at the load!!! Only once the EMF wave has finished travelling at the load you can see that the Poynting vector is not 0 anymore at the load which means that the load is now consuming power!) until the waveform arrive at the load. Finaly, now you are interpreting mW of losses causes by a transient into a resistor. The initial statement was < The light will turn on>, not that some field will dissipate some amount of energy in it. mW are not enough for tungsten to start emitting light and as for a LED light, I highly doubt that such low capacitive current are enough to give the charges needed to polarize the diode.
This is the only kind of Youtube drama I'm interested in.
Nerd drama is the best drama
Tesla really got removed from education and history and it shows. This is just basic fundamentals of how wireless energy transmission works
Oh, does vertisium finally admit he's 100% wrong?  Because he's completely wrong in the prior video.  His understanding of electricity is awful.  And of course he doesn't.  Just like he didn't in his perpetual motion/fan powered vehicle segment, where he lied and put out a fake video to prove he was right while at the same time faking proof and pretending he was right.  Same thing this time.  He's obfuscating and faking again.  Because his highschool level understanding of physics can't imagine why he's almost always screwing this stuff up.
so basically we're just wasting energy??
You phrased the problem bigly dumb. Big Clive did way better, get on his level IMO.
Great stuff, as ALWAYS, my friend! Good for you! and, good for them, as well, of course. Cheers, Pal!
please make this video more easy to understand
b
nj
At 11:50 in the video he shows that moving the switch would make the bulb take longer to turn on. Can someone clarify this? If you put the switch and the bulb at the far ends of the circuit rather than at the sort 1meter distance, does that mean it would literally take seconds for the bulb to turn on?
An absolutely electrifying response
Man I was waiting for this video TY
Be humble Derek.
What if you use a grounded shield around your wire, then how long will it take to light the lightbulb?
Great video as always. I still have 2 questions 1. I enjoyed the simulation but if the simulation software, or the modelling scenario were based on flawed assumptions we could end with wrong conclusions (not saying this is the case). How can we make sure that a simulation is good enough if it is based on the same concepts we are trying to prove wrong?  2. How does this change the way we design electrical circuits, power circuits or data circuits?. Because modern transmission lines and appliances are built with the same idea that most of us haver wrongly learned, so what could the implications be of a better understanding in modern society?  Great content, love it.
Considering the original thought experiment - if instead of the battery being partially connected, and a switch completing the circuit, what if the battery were dropped into the circuit - connecting the + and - of the battery to the 1 light-second circuit instantaneously. Would the LED bulb a meter from the battery take 1 second to "light up"? or would it still light up partially from the EM field?
It looks like this whole debacle has aged him 20 years.
Great job of developing an enlightening conversation.  Truly excellent work!
I am not going to watch your damn video no matter how many times you change the shitty click bait thumbnail
You explanation needs the wires.  The wires don’t need your explanation.
What did Nikola Tesla theorize?
Fantastic
Awesome video
What happens when there are switches at both far ends of the loops? will the small charge still appear at the bulb if they are open? Or would they need to be closed first with battery in place to "charge" the entire circuit first, and then opened? and would the act of opening them then "discharge" the circuit, and therefore the bulb would not receive any charge?
I understand how the long wires don't cause a huge delay in lighting the lamp.  However, I have spent many hours putting in squiggles of conductors while designing printed circuit boards so as to get the proper delay for high speed memory circuits to function correctly.  Was this all for naught?
So next week, we gonna explain how water is wet? 😋 Very tactfully, and patiently managed. 💪🏼
You've cracked the algo finally - Just make a controversial video that other peers will make video responses to! Truly a great vid and a great display of scientific method!
Dude you're just covering your ass. I can tell you as an electrician. If you have a completed circuit ,all wires could be bare, and run another bare wire around the outer edge of the circuit you won't get shocked if you touch it. Much less light up a light bulb. (In the common vernacular) Of course you will have a magnetic field. But you damn sure won't be able to run a f****** light bulb. You are talking microvolts and milliamps which is impractical to try to explain electricity to a layman. Seems like a puff piece to make your buddy Peter feel better about himself.
I'd like to see the experiment repeated  with the conductor's physical locations be methodically moved from the present double ended transmission line to eventually a true loop where the conductors form a circle.
Why did you tape over Rode GO microphone transmitter you're wearing?
This video is what the "original" video was supposed to look like! Good job, Derek.
my head hurts now.
Do more videos about energy and fields 😉
3. I have worked with Rick Hartley. He is awesome, but you are presenting out of context. He is talking about crosstalk. The  intended load will get it's current through the conductor regardless of the return plane proximity, but as Rick is saying, unintended PCB traces will experience displacement currents.
Thank you for this explanation, I always felt like something about the explanations I was given as a kid didn't match up well together and this explains why
2. The main energetic pathway is NOT the displacement currents as proved in your own experiments. The propagation of a changing electromagnetic wave front through the conductor is the significant portion.
What if the shape would be circle?
You only need to tell me something once, bright boy, and I'm convinced
1. "displacement" current is the better jargon to use than"leakage" current. Regardless, they are the same! Herein, the change in electromagnetic fields (when switch is closed) causes displacement (aka leakage) current.
I always tried to remember that electrons are called charge carriers, in that that's all they are.  They are able to bridge the energy in the field to do work, like flow in the battery or light the bulb because charges experience electric fields
One man did it with 1km of wire 😉
A question that occurs to me is that if all the circuit,everytihin else mantained, be immersed in a fluid with a high refractive index (so that the light will travel in a lesser velocity¹) the fields would transmit energy more slowly? If light does not apply to this example change it for some EM fields wave that woild be slower in that liquid or fluid.  ¹I think that the weakness im my question would be that refractive index does not relate to velocities of EM waves in material media. What are the answers to those questions?
Simply put, unseeable electric magnetic radiation can be transformed into seeable electric magnetic radiation, ie, light.
With this video I pacified my heart from the eelfish I felt watching the previous video with the introduction of the Poynting vector and all this discussion about fields.
What is not making sense is that the electric field should be much weaker, 1/d^2 where d is distance from switch to lightbulb. If the electrons are in fact moved from the electric field at the switch, why isn't it dimmer the farther away you have them?
I think the main issue is that when we think about current, we are thinking about it in the context of an insulated wire, but this experiment was about an un-insulated copper wire. Even the car battery model had an insulated wire on it. My understanding is that the insulation is to prevent electricity from propagating outside the wire to places that it is not suppose to be, which would reinforce the concept that "electricity flows through the wire" because the electric fields are being constrained inside the insulation, so it just looks that way.
This was a great video. I loved how I had a sort of “ah ha” moment when you started talking about how the electromagnetic field moves outwards from the switch. Though I do have a small question about that: Wouldn’t the field move around the wire perpendicular to the flow of the wire? In other words if you take a two dimensional plane that the field sits in, shouldn’t the current be a vector normal to that plane? Its been a little while since I took a circuits class but I thought I remember there being some instance when we learned about induction, where we used the right hand rule to help us remember the direction of the magnetic field relative to the flow of the current in the wire. Is the field you mention at 11:24 in the video a different field then the one I’m thinking of or is my understanding of how the field moves through space incorrect?  Another question: At around 9 minutes into the video, you mention that when you have a smaller wire the drift velocity is higher. Does this mean that theoretically you could have a wire that is small enough, then you could turn on the light bulb without needing a battery? Maybe I’m just misunderstanding what drift velocity does but my thought process on this is that as the drift velocity increases the electrons would flow faster through the wire. Initially I thought this would send more energy to the lightbulb through the electrons, but after you talked about the electromagnetic field maybe it would be more accurate to say that the increase in drift velocity increases the current, which then Increases something to do with the magnetic field. (Maybe the speed at which it rotates about the wire, or perhaps the speed at which it moves out from the wire? Like I mentioned above, I’m not 100% sure if my understanding on how the field moves is correct.)  Finally I have something else you mentioned that has me a little bit confused. Around 13 minutes into the video you are talking about how the initial thought experiment doesn’t even need to be connected. How does that even work? I thought a circuit needs to be complete for it to do anything. Unless you aren’t saying that a disconnected circuit will turn on a lightbulb at the same brightness as a closed circuit, but instead that it will turn on with around “14mW of power”. If that’s the case then would a open circuit only jump up to that first jump we see on your device, while the closed circuit would jump up to 14mW then again to fill power? If you, or perhaps somebody else, could shed some light on this to help me understand this I would appreciate it.  Again this was a great video and was really fun to learn about how circuits actually carry energy.
Then how was the battery depleted?
Tremendous contribution. I once attended lectures of electromagnetism with a renowned lecturer who later was given a national award in my country. I ve learnt far more in two veritasium yt vids than in a whole semester of electromagnetism
God they hate you, good job lol
Derek, I love your humility. That and you so stretched my brain. I'm going to have to watch this a few dozen times just to get started on understanding.
Can definitely confirm that transients are always crazy... they're often times the most difficult observations to explain
One of the visualizations I'm struggling to understand is the electrons getting energy from the field and accelerating -> giving energy to the metal nuclei through collisions.  If the electrons are moving so fast already, why would slight acceleration from the electric field cause more collisions with the positive metal nuclei?  Should I be thinking of it as the force from the electric field pushing electrons up to higher orbital levels (rather than collisions with the nuclei)?
Zillion isnt a number ;)
🤠👍
All I can say is with the good points expressed, and the acceptance of your critics..... Very Well Done Dude!
The question is obviously not about how much wood is around the wood chuck but how much wood is inside the wood chuck from the wood chuck chucking wood... everyone knows this...
Awesome!!!!
thanks you for making us understand
This video reminds me of Marconi's wireless experiment and the ability to transmit Morse code signals around the world.
If we could get more people thinking about this, with VR glasses on, maybe the concept would be even better understood. I want to watch this explanation in VR.
If only Nikola was alive to see this ⚡
I’m happy to see this demonstration; Charles Proteus Steinmetz probably would too, were he given credit for his work on this. His 1911 Elementary Lectures on Electric Discharge, Waves and Impulses, and other Transients are a good starting point. Separate the incommensurable dielectric and magnetic, then start again, you electric heathens 🤪
I think just proposing new thought experiments for other content creators to respond to is a great new way to advance education, because everyone watching will both think about it themselves and hear many different ways of thinking about the subject.
I'm still hung up on this idea of "electrons flowing through a circuit." Everything I know about energy and waves has told me that a single electron does not travel from the beginning to the end of the circuit; rather, its motion within the system affects its localized environment, causing a shift in the energy of the electrons next to it, so on and so forth in a sort of quantum compression and rarefaction, so that energy cascades through the circuit but individual particles don't necessarily flow like a liquid/hose through the circuit. The way this has been explained to me is like dropping a rock in water -- a wave of energy cascades out from the initial point of disruption, but individual molecules of water are not travelling in that wave, they're just responding to disruptive forces in their localized environment. Only in the case of electricity, electrons obey quantum forces rather than being impeded by mechanical forces like water.
Science Asylum guy has a good video of this to
yet another of Nicola Tesla's (more outragous) Claims , became allot more plausible in my mind in the past 23minuts
love how u ended the vid ---- great as always <3
What if the wire was shielded??
Real question is if electricity flows through a field and not the wire itself then are wires the best method of carrying electricity, I think not.
Such a great video!
Im even more confused than before. Wire its self is resistence. You need a heavy duty extension cord to run a large load further away. A smaller guage wire close to power will fine.  Sooo why is that. Its because ? Longer wire creates resistence or field dissipates into the enviormemt along the way? Im perplexed still.
I have a 850W Seasonic power supply
Gotta' love it when "Random know it all's" from YouTube pick a fight with Derek. A bag of Popcorn was eaten during the viewing of this video.
*What is the Gospel?* The true gospel is the good news that God saves sinners. Man is by nature sinful and separated from God with no hope of remedying that situation. But God, by His power, provided the means of man’s redemption in the death, burial, and resurrection of the Savior, Jesus Christ.   Ephesians 2:8-9 For it is by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of GOD, not a result of works, so that no one may boast.   Romans 10:9 9 because, if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.  JESUS CHRIST can come anytime! REPENT OF YOUR SINS Just Believe ❤️ Love you and GOD BLESS
I recently watched a video pertaining to high voltage that talked about surface charges and more specifically how surface charges relate to the idea that all of our measurements for electricity are relative to either other objects, the planet as a whole, etc.
Is this any different than a spark plug firing when the distributer points open up, causing the magnetic field to collapse through wires in the coil? (pre-electronic ignition in cars)
I feel like Einstein said something like no one will congratulate you for being right but will call you out the first chance they can for being wrong! I may be wrong but yeah this!!
Undisputed Champion of Online Science (UCOS)... You Cosine. Even when it looks like a zero, you one ;)
I remember the first video and I was on the same page then. Great video.
Unicorn farts
Energizer bunny says your rules don’t apply to it.
I wonder what would happen if the battery (potentially with switch) and the bulb were at the far ends of the circuit. i.e. if the width was 1 metre, but the distance from battery to bulb was 1 light-second...
Why was the test model built 10 feet off the ground??
You need to put references next time so others would need to use prove you wrong with sources.
Yes it worked. But somehow by luck. The teaser of the original experiment was to test the effect of the lenght of the circuit, you got out with this only because the cables are close to each other, and in all circuits that will cause inducted currents, you are cancelling the original hipothesis of showing wether the electrons will need to travel all along the wire, not across it only because the other part of the circuit is too close. Make the circuit in a circular form to override the effect of undesired inducted currents.
When I can't sleep☹️  Then watch your video 🥱
my physics teacher told me to check this video out lol
Science is democracy, when every other expert says you're wrong, you probably are....
Okay maybe I am missing something, please do tell. At about 13.5 min in the video. It is said that the light will still turn on if the circuit is broken somewhere between the switch and the light. Isn't that like saying the light will come on even if I don't throw the switch? And the explanation is utilizing a completed circuit. So if that circuit was broke you would not have any current at the third wire. Please correct me if I'm wrong.
Great contribution. Thank you for that.
Epic. Would be cool so see the same experiment on a much larger scale though.
If your head is not throbbing by now, how about explaining the field difference(s) between stranded wire and solid wire (e.g., greater "current" carrying capacity with stranded wire). Great job! You make science fascinating.
I'm almost ashamed to think so... But it would be AWESOME if you could make mistakes more frequently ! That response video was gold
While it is much better than the first post and while it is true that it is not the electrons who carry the energy from the battery to the load, it is worth remembering that it is the electrons who RECAPTURE most of the energy to ... transfer ... it to the load. So the wording could be misleading with "it is not the electrons who carry the energy from the battery to the load" since, ... they do, but it is not the job of the same electron all the way, but a teamwork, a team of electrons, and the team is coordinated at the speed of light.  Furthermore, around 19:20, while you get 4 volt at the bulb, you forgot to mention that this is a small fraction of the voltage at the source, voltage that will eventually become the one across the bulb. In other word, if you start with a battery of 5 volt, you may get just enough voltage across the bulb to cross the barrier voltage of a diode, not to light a LED, which will turns on later on though.
I gotta admit, this "simple" question triggered a wonderful outcome and lots of responses!
Question: Does that all mean, for e.g. the time the energy needs from the powerplant to my home does (more or less) not depend on the length of the physically connected wire, but on the distance between my home and the powerplant?
I am pretty sure in your original video you talked about the distance between the battery and the light. The location of the switch was not mentioned as essential.  Under one video-reply I even said they could proof you wrong by moving the switch and then the time-delay would go up.  But now you are infact talking about the distance between the light and the switch and say the distance of the switch makes a difference in time. That is correct (kinda). It's because of induction, not because the energy flows directly from the battery to the light.  Also, put the cables far away from each other or put a shield between them (preventing induction) and it will not work anymore, proving that the flow does not go directly from the battery to the lamp, but still follows the wire.
My take aways: Always state your units, even when they are "unity". Be explicit to avoid ambiguities. To get the most comprehensive responses, ask the question incorrectly. Science!
Thank you for addressing this (and not ignoring it) and giving a solid explanation, too
Does anyone know of a program that can calculate 12 sun hours:12 dark hours, to create a 24 hr clock that doesn’t necessarily have 60 minute hours?  Reply if you’re serious!!
Quick question, if field carrying the energy rather than wires, how would this scenario be affected by insulated wires?
Another lesson you can take from this...if you want information from the internet don't ask a question.  Make a statement that could be perceived as wrong and people will trip over each other trying to correct you.
Every intelligent people on earth proved you wrong why are you still trying?
13:28 - In the bottom diagram the behavior of the circuit isn't entirely predictable because the bottom right wire is floating. We can't say for sure what its surface charge density is, so different currents are possible.
A true scientist <3
It is a little bit deceptive, though.  I assumed in the first video that the lamp would light at the start with the same power as after one second, and not with a fraction of the power.
I have spent the last 4 hours slowly pausing, researching concepts and terms I don't understand, taking notes, and explaining the video back to myself.   Veritasium has inspired me to study more than my professors ever have, and for that I thank him from the bottom of my heart.
This is the evolution of peer reviewed/validated science. Journals are outdated. No more gatekeeping, let the scientists make and publish their own research. Informative and demonstrative video and animated essays
There is still something missing from your explaintion ,,,when someone hears what you said"electrons are just thier pawns"... the Problem with this analegy it misrepresent the power which is delevird from the battery.  a matireal with more free electrons will be able to deliver more energy and hence a stonger E field. the electrons just respond to the E field and generate themselfs a E field ,,, the higher the charge the higher the E value,,,  They play a big role of transfering the energy .
Oh boy.  VERY good.  I thought you were nuts, but I’ll gladly eat crow when convincing evidence is presented.  And you did a SUPER job!  I’m joining your channel just because I think you did such a classy job of presenting a rather difficult subject without significant thought.  Totally awesome.  I can be such a dummy.  But I guess the transmission of signals isn’t normally thought of in this manner, and the bulb didn’t go fully on, and I’m a digital guy, so I guess I can live with myself.  Just barely though.  Very good Derek!
This entire discussion boils down to transmission line theory,
When scientists bypass the official journals and write papers in the form of public video and peer review the same way.   if this isnt the 21st century idk what is.
This is one of the most fascinating videos I’ve seen all week, I still don’t get it😂
Thank you! You are so amazing!
Atomic bombardment. The field in the wire is the symptom of the atomic bombardment. Think of the desktop toy with where there are multiple steel balls in a row hanging on strings from a shaft above. You pull the first ball back and let it go, then seemingly magically the ball on the opposite end swings out without any of the balls in between moving. Same concept...An electron from the - side of the battery puts pressure on the first atom of copper [or adds to the atom] causing an electron to be released to hit the next atom of copper and so on and do on all the way through the copper circuit [including load] back to the + terminal of the battery [Power source] acting like a wave of energy flowing through the copper wire. As the cascade of electrons passes from one atom to the next, those electrons passing from atom to the next is the motion that generates the magnetic field. Keep in mind, it NOT the motion of electrons, It's the adding of an electron to the copper atom which causes instability in the copper atom forcing that atom to shed on of it's electrons which gets added to the next atom causing that atom to shed the extra electron in a cascading/wave effect moving through the wire. It's NOT a single electron bouncing from atom to atom through the wire.
I love your sweatshirt❤️🌎✌🏼
Potential difference makes the electrons move, bunch of positive charged(lost electron) atoms are stored in the positive terminal of the battery and the same amount of negative charged atoms(has extra electron) are available in the negative terminal of the battery. Once we connect the circuit the flow starts to transfer the extra electrons from negative to positive terminal of the battery; electric field has nothing to do with this.
the comments at 13:18 sort of confuse me when looking at the video. wouldn't the light bulb be energized by the battery being 1m away? why does the switch need to be closed for that field to be created?
It seems that by not being clear in your argument, you ultimately posed a question that enticed others to deliberate and think. Seems like the purest form of knowledge transfer to me. Much like how the ancient Greek philosophers taught.
I still don't think this proves your point. Repeat this with a stdp switch with both terminals nearest the power source. This way the circuit has zero biased charged. With a single switch you still have capacitance in the wires.
Oh my.
Interesting
I would like this three times if I could.
I.O.L  So any body else remember AUTHER 2 (instant on lighting) Can’t we think of wires like a straw or pipe that’s all ready full so when more is put in one end it pushes out the other instantly. So when a magnet is passed over a wire causing electromagnetic current it’s like when you step on your hose and water is squeezed out. Am I making any sense. Never was very good at electrics.
BRILLIANT
I’ve been saying this forever and people have called me crazy. I still disagree with the DC animations because they’re misleading but I’m glad it’s becoming popular to believe conductors are conducting electric fields and not moving free electrons around.
Alpha phœnix channel is crazy good
I think 🤔 u re still wrong.
Coaxial cable?...
If the energy is actually outside the conductor traces, then HOW the hell do microchip circuits traces NOT negatively AFFECT each other?  They are SO CLOSE together!
I wonder how many dislikes this video got
So is there a point where the light bulb can be so far away from the initial switch that the energy field created by closing the circuit reaches it after the electrons loop through the wire?
So we have established this new way of looking at electricity which alone let's me begin to understand why an emp wrecks electronics and why coils amplify the collective fields into a larger stronger one. But I'm very confused and curious how a fence pattern affects this. Does the whole fence network take on field or does a field form and reforms as it goes through  almost how a super charged blank electronics board looks like it chooses and rechooses paths
Part of me appreciates that Derek goes through the effort of addressing most of the concerns brought up... But another part of me just wants to say "pure f****** magic" and call it a day.
So why don't we have personal force fields yet this video explains why we should have had them for centuries
The discussions are awesome 😃 big fun for all😁
you are right, earth is big spherical ball, is not crater and electrons inside cables not living black holes no, no way !,! I know you teased people to give you idea, it is chazar, way like with the ukraine
That might explain why a cheap LED lightbulb, kept "blinking" when the lightswitch was off, but current was flowing in a close by circuit ?
One Word you missed to mention, because all of this is known since the 19th century: Electromagnetic Induction. There is just Induction between the wires.
I watched initial video, ElectroBoom's  response and AlphaPhoenix experiment. I like how in this video the other results were explained and incorporated. So basically you get some substantial current with the short delay equal to direct distance from battery to load over speed of light and then you have full power after the delay equal to length of wire over speed of light. Something final cleared in my head ).
Around minute 4:30, you use an animation and you don't credit the author, which is Eugene Khutoryansky.
I love this, it's like seeing the peer review process come alive!
this explain also why on my cow electric fence for a longer distance i could have same readings but when i change the switch was diferent  and the fence was made by 3 wires paralel for a farm that is 3 km long but doing all around tha make somewhere around 7 km of electric fence perimeter. The only problem was when i had to make the gates the paralel got closed in some points and the process was cut by around 5% of power voltage per gate.
This is all unapplicabley stupid because power lines have their neutral-return lines in parallel with the loads at the far ends of the lines.
"starting with this assumption, the answer is wrong" 1:50 How about not using that assumption???
I took a PCB class by Rick Hartley! I was wondering if you were going to mention him (21:29) as he also taught me my first lesson in energy traveling through the field and not the wire!
Thanks for the great work! I didn't understand though about the incomplete circuit: if it is broken somewhere far then turning on the switch just means that you move the circuit break to another place? If you don't have a complete circuit you don't have a current and you don't have this mutual canceling of charges on ends of a wire, right?
So what you say in 11:40 VIOLATES/ contradicts the statement you make at 13:20?? (Because and open circuit is the same like moving the switch...so its always 1m/c and never 2.4m/c
So. Tesla’s plan was going to work after all.
I didn't do physics, I did electrical engineering at university. I recognise and understand this content for sure, but it took me my full second year of my degree for this stuff to 'click'. I wish I had just seen this video, really incredibly brilliant.
You are demonstrating how a transmission line works. Have no idea why you chose to create such a clunky example then you could have used ladder line on coax.
Still too confusing - the technical jargon could have been skipped. The amount of electrons flowing across emptiness is still negligible enough to call for this experiment. You should have simply acknowledged the gaffe you made and ended this video.
People that thought the original question was vague have clearly never taken an upper level college physics class.
So if there’s a shielded wall between the source and light, it will then take the long way and still power the light but take a light second (in the original thought experiment) before it does so, right?
Great work, Derek!
Well this made my head hurt; and at the same time, turned my understanding of how electricity works on its head.
If politician were like you, we would have only peace. Thank you so much for your videos. I do watch a lot of video about physics and you are one of the best. Keep on videoing!!!!!!
What an absolute legend, Thank you - Looking forward to more !
oh god i don't have a clue of what any of this means lmao
Ask em, What is a field?
for the next video, kick it up a notch: AC cicuits, ooooh i felt something tingle
I'm still not clear on how this differs from leakage current but I'm sure someone will be along shortly  with another video that describes the different mechanisms.
4.8% of this video is advertisement.
I’m not an engineer but it sounds like this is a good intro to crosstalk and capacitance sense that we get with microcontrollers who’s pins are left floating.  Huummm. Fun thinking.
7:28 an electrical engineer with the surname Watson? That's... Wow
ooo you humble little bug you, amazing videos i always enjoy your explanations and the way you look at everything objectively instead of personally
So you say that you used optimal resistance for resistor to maximize power output?
I’m agree with other comments of the video. I have never heard a best way to explain how electricity works. At the first video I struggled with your point of view. But after watching this video, I get what you tried to explain to us.  What a great video and is very exciting the electricity drama caused by the first video. Cheers from Mexico!
I was about to call the cops but you uploaded this so... I wont.
You  wired the original drawing WRONG... you attached the HOT WIRE directly to the load.  That is almost NEVER done as it is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS.  The COMPLETE FIELD DOES NOT OCCUR UNTIL RESISTANCE IS OVERCOME. Each electron has its own field.  I still think you don't have any real understanding of electricity and you are showing me you don't grasp it at all because you completely NEGLECTED THE SWITCH POLE CHARGE AND YOU ARE DOING IT OPPOSITE TO YOUR ORIGINAL DRAWING WHERE YOU CONNECTED THE HOT POLE TO THE LOAD DIRECTLY.  You are seriously confusing people with your drawings.  YOU ARE WRONG.  WRONG EXPLANATION but, at least, corrected the time delay for circuit building.  No cigar.  None.  NOW YOU'RE ADDING WI-FI NONSENSE.  SHEESH.  BAD, BAD, BAD, BAD SCIENCE.
Would the reaction speed change if insoulation is added?
Electricity is used to contain the magic smoke. This can be proven because once you lose the magic smoke things don't work even if you still have electricity.
This is one of the most incredible videos I’ve ever seen 🤯
Great  explanation ! Clears a few misconceptions I had on current flow.
The difference between scientists and engineers:  I really don't care whether your experiment was successful, using painter's tape to hold your circuit in place was the true failure
10:05 🤯
how great the science is!
So we've never known what electricity is?😠
Hi @Veritasium, do you have the linkt to the PCB designer's talk?
The worst thing anyone can do is make a mistake and not learning from it. You essencially made the mistake but along the way many other youtubers experimented on their own and came up with almost the same conclusion.   You effectively made a digital think tank.
Had you put the switch in the short cross wire at one end of the long line pair and the load in the short cross wire at the other end of the long line pair you would have found that the load does not see any information of any kind  (connecting the battery or closing of the switch) until one C/D time period has elapsed. Ham radio operators who build antennas and read a bit of physics know this at the gut level.  My antenna projects depend on the C/D time for determining the appropriate distance from one radiator to parasitically couple it's electric field to another radiator for proper phasing to create a subtractive field. Putting the switch and load close to each other with the conductors extending far away on each side is an interesting thought experiment that requires the viewer to have either significant training in physics or lots of experience building ham radio antennas and recognize that the parallel wires will couple across at a time constant shorter than the linear length of the complete physical circuit.  This topic has been fun to follow.
It would be very interesting to understand how vacuum potential fits into this.  What if any effect on a circuit does it have?  Is it engineerable if one relies entirely on the Maxwell description of E fields?
Your channel is amazing and teaches humanity so much Thank you!!! ❤
How exactly does an electron collide with a proton? The rest of it makes sense. And if you don't _really_ think about it, the whole idea of an electron colliding with a proton to transfer kinetic energy and then the electron being "recharged" by the field makes sense. But electrons need to be in orbits, they can't be flying around willy nilly.  Why? Because the resistor (light bulb) needs them to create light. Photons are created when electrons jump to a lower orbit. If there are no orbits, then photons can't be created and lightbulbs don't work...  Soo... I'm not so sure about this whole "bumping" into protons thing. Nor am I a fan of "that's just how you should think of it to make it easier." If electrons are jumping orbits, _tell us electrons are jumping orbits._ "That just how you should think of it to make it easier" got us all into this mess to begin with. Don't use that as a crutch.  I mean, furthermore, if an electron actually hit a proton, they should stick together. (One is negative, one is positive, it'd be like a magnet...) They don't ever collide because of all sorts of forces at work. Well, they do collide, like in a neutron star. But it takes those massive forces for it to happen. A triple a battery just doesn't have the hutzpah of a neutron star.  :Still a bit confused:  I feel like what the electrons are _actually_  doing is too oversimplified.
What if the battery is connected after it's use-by date?
I mean the electrons are the charge carriers. Saying that the field drives the electrons makes about as much sense as the opposite.  Sure there's parasitic capacitances but that also means that the answer would be always on. There would still be light before the switch is turned on, because that is just a broken circuit and there would still be a parasitic capacitant on the wire before the switch ....
This video reveals a lot, I am very impressed. However I am very interested to know how electromagnetic oscillation happen in terms of fields, because in schools I was taught that electrons move from one side of capacitor to another through inductor and this way oscillations happen. Can you make a video about it please?
I understand. 100%
Your first video was really short on specifications about the wire and the switch, so I discarded the idea of reproducing the experiment. It got me angry. But the misconceptions I had about electricity and how it works really an electric field get me back to study and that is something I appreciate.
So, before the electric field is fully propagated inside all the wires, the voltage and current across the light bulb will be very low, and they are actually affected by the SHAPE of the circuit, right?
this is your new pattern for videos? Create drama in 1 vid and clear up confusion later?
thanks for the video! myself i am an electronics technician for a radar system in germany and was very surprised by the original video like many other people. and as we all saw some inadvertently misconceptions... the videos of electroboom and alpha phoenix helped a lot and i am happy that u answered all of them. i never thought of that electric field going into the other wire and "giving the signal" to the surface of the other wire and that closes the energy transport. its very interesting and gave me something to think about xD but it makes totally sense with the "constant capazitor/inductor"-changing thought experiment.  and at last i have one question. we see the electric field going over the gap to the "bulb" and "activating" the energy transport on the other wire. but the electric field goes in the opposite direction than the normal signal which goes over the surface of the wire. wouldn't that mean that the voltage in the first nanoseconds is negative than then wire-going voltage? i think i mix up something on that, but i dont know what xD as mentioned, i am not university-studied and that was the first question after the video that went in my head...  greetings all :) and thanks for ingoing answers :D
Hello again ,very interesting, you got an instant low current before the nominal ,but which pole of the battery did you attach first ? we usually use the  -  for grounding  and put the switch on the + ,if so  when the negative pole and the wire came in contact electrons traveled all the way to the other end before you closed the switch ,that low current can give you the charge of the copper wire  on open circuit  and  it depends on your source voltage ,it would be interesting to see what happens if you use the + for grounding i think there will be no low current ,just the nominal with delay  ,if not  ..well   we  v just stumpled upon information travelling faster than light  haha kudos have a good continue
You have done more money saying something stupid and wrong then in your regular ones
Revisit
I feel like the differentiation between the field and the electrons in terms of what's transferring power is a bit odd because they're just not separable things. You can't have the changing fields without the charged particles moving around and you can't have the charged particles moving around without the changing fields. So saying one is responsible for the transfer of energy and the other isn't is kind of confusing. Yeah the layman's understanding of current as electrons physically bumping into each other like billiard balls and pushing each other though a wire is wrong, but it's just because it's a macroscopic classical physics analogy. It's just that the E&M fields surrounding each individual electron are the things pushing and pulling the other nearby electrons, not physical collisions between hard spheres. Yeah collectively all of those individual electrons generate extended E&M fields we can easily understand with Maxwell's equations, but the collective fields are still dependent on the individual electrons and all of their local movements and interactions. So the energy isn't just transferring through some external fields while the electrons are off doing their own thing. The behavior of each is intrinsically linked and inseparable.
I'd love to see how shields and Faraday cages work using HFSS
Given superconducting wires & a 1 light second length of wire as per the original arrangement. After closing the switch,  how long does it take for the wires at the load end to start pulling together due to the magnetic fields?
@Derek 13:11 if the circuit is broken then the situation at 10:23 would not happen(no potential difference across the switch), therefore 11:05 will not happen, and the light will never turn on! The simulation done at 13:34 is a different case, since you still have a closed circuit to create the field!
You just set a higher bar for youtubers. The level of humbleness you showed in this video, should teach a good lesson to all other youtubers. Any other youtuber would  feel their ago smashed. You took in the best way possible. That's one of the reasons I love your channel. The fact that a hundred of other jumped to critizise you shows how popular your chanel is, and how we all think of your videos as a very reliable source of knowledge. Very good job here. I haven't enjoyed a video like this in years. Keep doing it Derek, we need more youtubers like you.
Hot take, Devin was wrong/vague on purpoe to get a bunch of people talking about it and make a bunch of supporting videos on the correct answer! ;)
Derek is savage- he suckered in all the EEs who forgot that in classroom circuits problems you assume all conductors, voltage sources, and loads are shielded, aka, there are no field effects or induction.
so would it be correct to say that the light bulb goes on in 1m/c because the wires connected to the bulb act as an antena?. and would it be correct to say that its light would initially be dimmer than when getting the direct electron flow from the batery and that it would be even dimmer were we to place the cables 2m away from each other instead of one. ( just like radio signal weakens with distance?)
Derek, I will never stop stating that your brain is one of the sexiest brains in the universe
I am glad you did this. I design Electrical/Instrumentation and Control systems. I am constantly explaining issue of voltage transferring power into instrumentation lines if laid in close proximity to the power lines, especially over long distances.   As the voltage is increased, say from 120v to 480v 3 phase, the amount of transference is increased. Voltage is that amount of 'Jump'. If you notice in the long range experiment at the ranch (Alpha Phoenix) there was a small, almost instant, response to the circuit being completed. That is the same signal we pick up on instrumentation as a power cable is turned on close to it. You have it in this circuit.   THEN you get the load power, just like you see in the simulation.   It is far lower though - and I think it is important to see that your voltage connection is not fully transferred at that point. It it like a voltage pen. They could pick up the signal, but that is a different beast than actually turning on the light. That will take more grunt to do. The signal may be there - but the 'light' shouldn't come on until the rest of the circuit is complete, and that is shown in the data.   NOW: (and I realize you are busy) IF you move the light/battery further way, can you still get that voltage response? I suggest not. And if you have a wireless current 'pen' or detector near by I hazard you will get a responce at the time of connection at the same rate of 1m/c.   We treat the voltage from electrical power as something to avoid. That is not considered a completed circuit, but as outside noise as I am familiar with the result. We decrease it by moving it further apart. Its a factor in circuits as you run power next to them. I don't see it as something that can turn the light ON at that distance unless the voltage is very high. Just an affect of spill out from the power. That is how wireless circuits work, and it is very low power in the end.   I would hazard to say it is a circuit though. Its more like Noise as I experience it in a controls environment.   Does the Noise run a 1/c? Yeah. You can get that noise though with a broken line, or unconnected system. So it is a signal of circuit closing - the firing up of the local field - but it really isn't the power. It is the field.   Maybe lightening or a bomb is the best way to describe it - You can see the lightening. You can see the bomb explode.   Then later you hear the blast.   The first signal is going the speed of light, so 1/c - but it really isn't the energy that would be needed to turn the light on. It is too low power, as shown, unless you use a little LED. That comes later, like thunder.   Most bulbs won't come on at the flash, but the thunder.   BUT, if the voltage is high enough, as ElectroBoom and anyone with a tesla coil and a lightbulb can attest - if the voltage is high enough you can turn on that light bulb also. Just like really close Lightening.   That is not a circuit so much as bleed off from the field generated.   Lightening is one thing. The light and thunder are different components, and in this case the field and the circuit are different parts also. You are picking up both.   The circuit powers the light, the first signal you get is just the field. It could technically power anything close. The signal you get in the simulation on the wire below the circuit is showing that.   I propose another test, after all of that comment vomit:  Set up a second wire next to it, and see if it gains the same 4mA you get initially on the circuit.   I suggest it will. I might be wrong, but I think you will see the field affect is separate from circuit affect.   If you pick the right light you might get to see the signal light it up at 1/c, but if not, you see nothing till the circuit is created. Pick one that turns on from the field effect and you also are most likely picking one that burns up with then circuit is completed.   Thoughts? ;)
Can you explain how this concept applies in complex grids of electromagnetic fields, i.e. power cables in cities, or a motherboard of a computer?
I have an older hearing aide bluetooth set up. It doesn't plug into the hearing aid, nor does the hearing aide actually have bluetooth. Instead it is an induction wire connection. The basestation uses bluetooth to connect to the object, but it is the induction wire *near* my hearing aide that then picks up the signals.
You've also hinted at the best trick to asking for help on the Internet: never just ask the question; ask the question AND THEN answer it incorrectly. Far more people are interested in correcting others than simply helping them.
Matter and energy are all considered to be mass.  Any mass at rest will remain at rest until acted upon by an unbalanced force (energy).  Any mass in motion will remain in motion at a constant velocity and in a straight line unless acted upon by an unbalanced force (energy).  Friction is one of the biggest unbalanced forces that causes a mass in motion to slow down.  Everything has friction.  Electron flow (electricity) and magnetism are interrelated.  Electrons moving in an organized direction will create a magnetic field.  Some chemical reactions will create an organized flow of electrons.  A moving magnetic field will create an organized flow of electrons.  The crystal lattice formed by conductive metals is very stable which makes it ideal for creating an organized electron flow of electrons because it has a very low friction factor.  A moving magnetic field or chemical reaction will introduce an unbalanced force into a conductive metal that causes an organized flow of electrons.  Just because the electron at the location you are at does not reach a light bulb one light second away from your location in one second is irrelevant.  A light bulb will not light up unless electrons are moving through the conductive metal that makes up the light emitting element of the light bulb.  The fact that electrons at the light bulb one light second away from your location start moving through the light bulb in one second is what matters.  The unbalanced force (energy) imparted into the mass (electrons) flows at the speed of light and causes the electrons in the conductive metal to move with it.
So all the things we learned at school regarding electricity flow was a misconception 🤥 Oh nooo!
Oh, wow, Derek! This takes me back more than 40 years to Varsity. I'd actually forgotten the term "Lumped Element Model" and assumed it was actually the reality - except in the Transmission Line case. Great stuff! Keep it up.
Amazing how much response and engagement this created. Great job by everyone who created response videos
sorry, i thought it was implicit in the initial video that the bulb would and could not receive full power in 1/c?  nonetheless a great video to physically demonstrate the concept.  EE classes (that I took) did not explain this concept but when someone confronts you with the field model and Poynting, you kind of have to simply accept the physics.  EEs should have understood distance effects of EF better IMO...the original thought problem was a simple inductance issue buried within a lot of chaff. You do not need a circuit to light up a remote bulb.  was this experiment done with shielded wiring, power source, and bulb tho?  It also could be replicated where the shortest distance of the  field passes through a medium where lightspeed < c in vacuum.
Conclusion : clickbait videos (or 'intentionally vague questions with equally vague explanations') can destroy your credibility if you forget to include the actual science. Good thing you admitted as much, and yay for all the science youtubers who commented and contributed!
Watching this develop after the last video, it has given me a whole other level of appreciation for what science actually is.  Thank you so much.  This video also really clarified the concepts and ideas you were alluding to in the last video that I couldn't make sense of.  I feel like I got 6 months worth of knowledge distilled into two videos. You're doing great stuff.
Well nice response! This was very helpful in understanding electricity just a touch more.
Dear Mr. Veritasium, you made a very major change to the setup. And THAT makes a major difference to the answer. The two wires lying on the ground form an appalling transmission line and only negligible energy actually is transmitted in your initial video. Now with that new setup the ground plane is far away and much more energy can now actually be transmitted through free air. I think you are doing all Scientifically correct explanations about how energy is transmitting. But without explaining that major impact of the ground plane, I think your explanations remain very poor. And the gut feeling of the everyday guy thinking a couple of cables lying on the ground do not serve any good to trasmit energy  remain right and correct.
What's the Electric field made of ?
It was an explanation of electricity and magnetic fields as shocking as quantum mechanics.
Finally you shade light and get a full physical insight. The first video was  flawed and I admit I put a bad comment on it, maybe too short to be clear enough. What remains a bit "astonishing" is that all is in the Maxwell theory all along, so no surprise, isolated wire or switching gear and wire cut circuit, all is in there!
Good job.
That makes me understand electricity much better. When you said “energy is transferred through fields, but wires guide the fields much better, hence copper wires instead of remote charging everywhere”  I guess for us humans it’s less intuitive to think about fields we cannot perceive, and something physical like a wire connecting one thing to another is easier to grasp, even if the actual energy doesn’t literally flow through the metal itself.
"I wanted to know how fast a light bulb lights up after I turn on the switch... So I asked one of the guy building one of the gravitational wave detector to help me." Derek Life Hacks Next episode : "I wanted to know if it's the full moon tonight... So I called Neil Armstrong."
They say if u want the right answer don’t ask just provide the wrong answer first.
In "Fundamentals of Electric Theory and Circuits" by Sridhar Chitta, electrostatics and electric circuits are treated in a unified way on the basis of surface charges, it's one of the rare exceptions in textbooks today.
QUESTION: The explanation for why your answer doesn't break causality - showing what happens in a neighbouring unconnected wire - this is related to how an EMP would cause a current in electronic circuitry, right?
You're all wrong. Electricity is made by very angry pixies that live in the walls, the speed of it does not matter
I'm a PCB designer. I had critical interfere with this problem of energy flows in the circuit. this video and Mr.Rick's explanations open a new window to me. Thank you very much.. God bless you ,man
👍👍👍
I love that this is the second time Derek has said something controversial scientifically, gotten absolutely dragged for it, and then proven it. This is what science is all about, hypothesizing, criticizing, testing, re-testing, and coming to a conclusion that is ultimately greater in value than being right or wrong. It's so cool to watch science happen right in front of me
I once stumbled into the ligo laser lab downstairs. Super cool stuff.
11:08 "And at that instant, the electric field inside the conductor is no longer zero..." Thank you! I felt like I was only person saying this out loud.
What would happen if you terminate the lines with the characteristic impedance of the line Z0? The bulb never goes on as the energy goes into the termination. Other question in that situation: will the tiny induced current in the other line not decay once the pulse voltage is steady?
Now do gender...
Scientists smoke is spicy lol
Mark, you are great science communicator and your videos are great too!
PLEASE READ: What would happen if they put a lightbulb at the extreme right of the cable? Would the 1m bulb light first and then the second one?
All 'matter' and phenomena precipitate from the all-pervading primordial substrate aka aether.  The existence of the aether was proven in the second Michelson-Morley experiment although academia rests upon its non-existence based on the first which did not take into account the local field. Modern physics operates in the blind as intended. Knowledge is power retained by the few.
Perhaps this was what Nicolas tesla was talking about when he claimed we can transfer electricity wirelessly.
So question: does this result in residual drain on the battery even when the circuit is open?  I have heard that with say, Flashlights if you are storing in a drawer you should keep the batteries seperate? ( which, , um. . Kinda defeats the purpose of having a flashlight in case of a power outage. - cause if you could see to put the batteries in then you wouldn't need the flashlight in an emergency. LOL. )
Please make your videos shorter
So how does superconductivity relate to this circuit? In superconducting wires electrons behave very differently. And what happens if the wire is a loop instead of parallel?
Huh. What came first, the Lumped Element Model, or Maxwell's Equations? IOW did we use Lumped Elements because that's what we could more easily observe, but later discovered electric and magnetic fields in response to paradox or something like that?
I much preferred this video over the first one. Thank you!
Pls explain super conductors now, just curious
Thanks for this follow up video. You do such a better job explaining circuits here. Bravo!
The models at 13:13 and 13:33 are not the same situation. One is a still incomplete circuit, the other is a secondary wire next to a complete circuit. How is the first model any different than just never closing the switch?  Would the light in the incomplete circuit example flicker briefly (not necessarily detectable by the human eye) before the incompleteness of the circuit "catches up" to it?
electromagnetism is very misunderstood despite how much we understand about it, we are in such a exciting and wonderful universe!
Wrong again smh, it uses mana fields to travel over 10000x the speed of light to almost instantly turn on the lightbulb
Stupid question, but does this mean that I could charge something by putting it next to a moving wire.
My understanding improved a little even before I actually saw this response video.  Above noise level.
With an ideal wire, treating it as transmission line would not be done and so would have been the point of confusion. Showing it as a transmission line makes it all clear much quicker than having field solvers employed. Thank you for all the excellent visuals and and the nice experimental setup.
How do the surface charges create an elctric field  parallel to the length of the wire?
Nice video. The modelling of the inside of the conductor is not correct however. The interaction between electrons/protons and electric/magnetic fields can not be modelled that easily.
One thing I can't wrap my head around is how/why the electric field radiates outwards when the switch closes? Is it due to electrons beginning to drift along the circuit?  If so, why would that induce an electric field?  seems like that would be a magnetic field.
This is the most beautiful and detailed victory lap I've ever seen.  And I love it
I'm glad you revisited this, I was confused in your last video because I didn't get it. but this one really delved into the detail thanks a lot.
You lost me at "I made a video .."
The answer is still wrong. There is a difference in transmission of the EMF or radio wave guided by shape of the wires and the actual electrical energy transmission sufficient enough to make that lump to produce light- and that was proven by the experiment. The visible light still would not be produced in 1/C time.- the oscilloscope picture gives unambigues result
Imagine watching a Veritasium video and thinking you're smarter than Derek. Some real dumb YouTubers misunderstanding science here.
you're right and tesla lied..😂😂
Your demonstration is not identical to the big circuit if the big circuit was supposed to travel around the world.
Soooo you did a whole video to confirm what the others said that you were deceptive and that the light bulb turns on a LOT after your response. Why did you make it? You worded this video like everyone else was wrong, but you were still right!
This makes sense,he should make a video on how optical fibre cables transfer light pulses from one place to another place and another video on how radiation tranferes data
Circular circuit ?  e- field xplosion would be nullified ? straight line circuit ( so put +/- and switch on ends) and braid the wire, then e- field would run the whole distance ?
I have been searching for the initial video that actually started the whole electric saga but no luck so far.  Can anybody please help with a link to that video? Thank you
@Electroboom where are you
@electroboom where are you
who and how much do you pay for all the nonsense you promote on your channel?where are you studying?what books do you read?necromancer?.;;.;.;.go to school again from the first grade;.;.;.and deceive not a man with thine own nonsense.;.;.;.;..
An electrifying debate.
Ahaha, i didn't realise so many ytubers reacted to that
Not that I don't believe it wouldn't transfer power, but I'd love to see the test with your circuit open at the end.
After you won that 10 grand it's amazing people still doubt you lol
I learned something new in maxwell theory.
I'm bit confused about the claim that there is surface charge on the wires: can this charge be detected with some sensor (separating this effect from the magnetic forces)?  Also, it would be nice to see the same experiment repeated when the second line, with the resistor / light source is disconnected from the line with the battery and the switch (the source of the pulse).
Community
lol gravity curved water not in real life
Please can you try to simulate completely opposite of our reality Like air/water is not transparent in that universe  Space is not empty   It is like filled with matter  -liquid  -solid  -semi liquid  (Here it creates three universe)  Earth is no more sphere (here it creates infinity)  Etc.......  Love your content ❤
Oh this is the same guy that believed he knew how the pyramids were build, with some sort of "pulleys" or whatever if I remember correctly. Thumbs up bro!
Oh!!!!! So this is why an EMP created by a solar flare is so dangerous! It doesn't affect the electrons directly, it disrupts the field that the power source is creating!!!
so we get electricity quicker if live near a power generation plant as compared to those who live farther?
Speaking as a layman, who—let’s face it—is the demographic for his initial video in the first place, the theoretical concept he demonstrated was crystal clear in the first place.   Then the EXPERTS got involved, turned it into a circus (see: everything else since the dawn of time from bombs and nuclear energy to abortion rights to the Covid-19 pandemic and back to abortion rights), confused the issue, and elicited a plethora of response.  Result? That human brand of quixotic beliefs + hubris won’t allow this conflict to rest quietly, either, I’m sure.   Now all that’s left is to sit back and watch even more videos fly in response.   Translation: you’re pissing into the wind, Derek. But thank you anyway. At least a few of us electricity-newbies learned something we never knew about electricity (whilst emphasizing everything we knew about academia).
This video and the original one are a perfect example of science.  Not circuits, or electricity, or fields.  This is a great example of science as a discipline.  Someone makes a claim.  Others work to support the claim.  Still others work to refute it.  The claim either becomes stronger held up by repeated results, or it is found to have problems.  The claim can then be scrapped altogether or can be modified to address these problems.  This is exactly the scientific method.  Wonderful!
Yes Derek, but what about the magnitude of the current you get from the antenna “circuit”? Shameless dissemination of misinformation! Your bulb that can light up from the inductive current would have exploded with the full current.
21:45 Jonathan Banks anyone?
The whole argument breaks down at 13:28, not sure where you can find a magical bulb like that on earth. If you can, it’ll be more like an engineering miracle.
Of course it's in the fields.
Honestly, no one really knew how electricity works in my undergrad. Neither did I. But now I have understood. And Derek, you are such an interesting person. I would want to meet you more than any of those "scientists" who think you were wrong without testing your idea.
I have a question- If you remove the battery, close the switch and then reconnect the battery would there be a different outcome??
Waoh
there is a gradient of the charge that is greater from one side of the wire than the other. the reason why  the charge become symetric is the force that opposes the direction of the gradient that equalize the difference across the gradient. to you it seem like the field of the charge is  distribuated equally instantly but if we slow down the inductance we see that the  field of the charge begins strongest next to one of the poles and slowly builds up to the other pole until the force that opposes the direction of the gradient even out the buildup until the charge becomes equal across the entire wire. we see this slow buildup even in ac systems and the reason why a light bulb often flash before it give stable light output when the power company first boot up the ac network after a  short circuit  is because the opposition to the build up across the wire is delayed and not instant.
Welcome to dipole design theory 101. Raise your hand if you fully understand transmission lines. Ok, ok… all of y’all leave now please.
Great to see all my favorite youtubers references in the first minute of this video!
I don't know If I'm more confused after watching this. Was only looking for a pizza recipe.
Awesome to see the discussions you sparked
that’s because the gap is 1 meter mate .. still it is a transmission line .. we all know it is in the field but the energy on the transmission line conductors is way more than on the gap .. fyi .. you also choose a pole (dipole antenna)  not an insulated wire to see the amount of energy flow .. with insulated wire that would be way less still ..
Аферист.
The Shepard, dogs and sheep metaphor is great!
I love Veritasium. Instead of saying others are wrong, he owned up to his own failure to correctly set up the problem, while explaining why his solution is indeed the correct one. This is a great video, and I feel like I learned a lot that I didn't know about circuits before.
This follow up is soooo much better than your first go at it... so while I really like this redo... the main issue here is simply that you gave a bad equation...  it should have simply been distance/C rather than 1/C :-))
Next video you're going to have to actually use an LED instead of a resistor and scope, then find a camera that can capture images faster than... oh. Well I guess the thought experiment and simulations will have to do for now haha.
I don geddit
The one things that still escapes me is how this relates to a/c circuits, it's still hard to wrap my head around. This has helped me tremendously in understanding circuits better, but how does a circuit that switches polarity 60 times a second still reach the load? Does the surface feild actually switch that quickly, and still excite the electrons enough to power a load? Is there then a limit to the hertz it can operate at? And why exactly is it so much more efficient than a dc circuit for the grid? So many questions. A specific visual addressing a/c circuits with this in depth understanding would be legendary.
I’ve never understood the magic of electricity, it’s never made sense to me …. Now I don’t know if I understand it any better or worse. My tiny brain has melted.
I’m confused but entertained
Wow!! That is very humble of you. I am impress.  As you say, the few mistakes you could have make in the first video don't matter: you inspire a great deal among many people. That is awesome. I don't know anything about all that stuff since I am not a scientist, but it is fascinating, and I must thank you very much. Keep up your amazing work. You are doing great!
Thought electricity was a coaxial circuit. Would this not explain instant transmission (for lack of a better word).? MOST people have a fundamental misunderstanding of electricity, like gravity it is really not fully understood. We can observe, however a description is not an explanation. Particle / wave theory just describes.  If electricity, magnetism and gravity are always present than do we just have a way to just sort of grab it ? When I was taught at General Dynamics my teacher could not explain to me, when I asked about a radio signal being transmitted, where the electricity actually comes from.   Serious question that I have thought about for years btw. Also GREAT VIDEO Veritasium !
Magic.
Take that Mehdi 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Can't beat facts
What I still don’t understand at 13:20 is why the entirely isolated length of wire in the broken circuit, which is not yet joined to the switch, results in an electrical field once it is joined to the switch.  You previously explained that the electrical field in an open circuit is 0 (E = 0) until the switch is closed and the opposing surface charges meet, but why would there be opposing surface charges on the isolated wire?  I’m speaking from a place of total ignorance here, having only recently become interested in electrical engineering, but I am curious. Does an isolated length of wire always carry a surface charge? Would it matter if the switch and isolated wire were situated on the positive terminal of the battery instead of the negative (I know that this generally is moot, but I’m wondering in this particular “broken circuit” example)?
Derek: I was wrong, but also right.
It was great! Thank you.
If this is true, we should have a lot of interference on a circuit board microchips..
Maybe men just aren't very good at STEM. I (a woman) explained all this in the comments via analogies to many of your (male) audience. All the people disagreeing with you that you showed videos of were men. My only (tongue in cheek) conclusion from this is that men aren't cut out for this field.
If it was not for video this exange of ideas would be way more dificult
Thank you for the video. I wish you wouldn't have made is so simplistic and would've made it more theory oriented.  Jk, honestly I enjoyed it. I kept thinking that if you put some explosions and car chases in the video it would probably blow up and go viral.
So it does travel faster than light?
Slam dunk on the doubters while also finally, after over a decade of searching, giving me the answers I've been looking for!
Why are you using such MASSIVE COPPER WIRES???
can now someone explain workings of battery if charges dont move ???
Welcome to the field of RF & Microwave electronics.  Maxwell equation are the only explanation of circuits but as the frequency becomes low i.e. at bigger wavelengths (many times bigger than the circuit elements in use), to simplify the analysis we implement circuit theory such as ohms law, Kirchhoff's law etc.  Suggestion try this experiment with increasing frequency of the source. you will see the difference..then skin effect comes into picture more and radiated fields are more stronger and you should see more brighter early response or most likely the difference between the initial and final luminance is much less.  Term "current flows" is the simpler sense but not the accurate one. It is always EM power flow and don't make the mistake of dissociating  electric with magnetic field in context of electric circuits as it is always electromagnetic field.
To join the madness, 0 is > 1
To compare your self with electroboom shows just how desperate you are to bend your argumantation in the right way
Yeah! In the first video you made a very big simplified assertion and THAT was THE problem... When we're simplifing thing for the general public we have to explain very well the premises, or else the common sense is going to be THE premise and it's going to be very misleading. I know you're just exploiting the algorithm, but the algorithm should not like that
Thanks.
You are talking about the radio waves
Why aren’t his wires separated by 1m?  Why the 8 inches?  Is it because it would drop the signal to a level nearly at the noise floor and show his original video highly misleading?
otherwise youtube should probably allow you guys to edit pre-edit videos
please delete the other video
Nope
Thanks for simulation explaining. It obviously takes away all questions.
So ...this Nation has a energy Grid problem....let's put transmission lines thru all the roads ...to not only help power the Future EV's that travel them but have those same EV's be a part of the Power back up support system for the Grid.
Yes Yes Yes.   But if you used Audiophile cables?   They would work better!  And even make the electrons  more Dynamic!     Shirley cable manufacturers and suppliers aren't lying about this right?
NOT AGAIN!!
Anyone who has never made a MISTAKE has never tried anything NEW - Albert Einstein
The speed of light varies depending on the medium it is traveling through.
Lmafo.  It’s not carried by electrons it’s carried by charges on blah blah....  Those charges are electrons. This is just another video to try and compensate for his misleading video about antennas and cross talk in wires.
This was beautiful!  ... and sometimes hilarious: "Scientists and engineers have worked out shortcuts".
This guy is just copying a Nicola Tesla experiment.
Thing with influencers being scientists in a debate is like who can make more people agree rather than who can be more correct as in providing better arguments leading up to the conclusion. That's why I don't really see much point in a scientific debate (assuming this one is) on yt.
I was more excited by the DSO, realizing it isn't useless. Remember using it in college.
I love the way you react to criticism. You're a true scientist! The whole point is to make people think and find new things. Thank you for your work.
So is there any effect with this field around a wire when you have a huge number of wires together like in hundreds of different gage harness,  on aircraft, and is there order to each wire field that needs to carry a certain voltage to a light, solenoid, valve. Etc.... In trouble shooting aircraft electrical systems we would get glitches. A system would test good, but fail during flight. At times we would chase this problem never able to reproduce it. Very frustrating to pilots and electrician. Could there be any correlation to how electricity really works and the glitches.?
It's just that you can get away with lumped model for most everyday Circuit analysis since such analysis isn't concerned with transients when there aren't any caps or inductors in the circuit. The fact they are needed to properly model wires becomes evident only when relativistic effects need to be accounted for ( effects with timescales comparable to field travel times) and their omission in the original video contributed to viewer confusion. As far as simple circuit analysis is concerned, with caps and inductor density included, lumped model becomes a good approximation to the field picture, as Derek later included in the video.
Props to everyone here for using the internet for learning something valuable 😀👍
Wow YouTube become the future hub for engineers! I'm just so happy for that fact!
happy me who finally understood electrics, minding my own bussiness and then you come along and make me feel even dumber then before xd
this looks like a variation of cunningham's law...  in this case, you can elicit many responses with complete explanations by providing an INcomplete explanation. :)   Great work, and those computer-generated animations are exactly the sort of tool my mind needs to quickly understand the concepts at work.
It's really awesome that you did this follow-up video. Thank you!
Bravo!
So how does this work if the wires are insulated?
Resistance causes the light. Resistance is instantaneous.
Lattice vibration vs electron theory
Czyli tam po postu wystąpił skrót myślowy. Energi została przetransmitowana z włącznika na żarówkę w skutek powstałego zaburzenia pola elektromagnetycznego. :) Co dotarło do żarówki szybciej niż prąd płynący przez przewodnik (pole elektromagnetyczne wędrujące wzdłuż podwodnik :) ). A to zaburzenie jest efektem ubocznym zwarcia dokonanego we włączniku :) Jak sie tam styka to nastepuje nagły przepływ duzej ilsoci co wywouje pwostanei fali. :)
Frankly, had you explained it like that you would have avoided a lot of excitement. Even in a thought experiment it is advisable to use precise language and clarify where examples deviate from what a real life experiment would look like.
Superb.  Ex Quantum Field Theory guy here - so good to see that theory is supported by sucha nice experiment.
Good explanation why we should keep away from post-lightening place
You don't give up, do you? Mixing up AC and DC like nobody's business 😁😂😂 Ridiculous!
Do you know what, none of the knowledge in this video would have helped  me in my electronics business,  I manufactured many electrical gadgets, none of this knowledge was ever needed, its not at all necessary unless you are trying to extract free energy from the air. (or empty space) So now tell me can you use this knowledge to charge my electric car without connecting a wire just by sending a powerful electric field to my car to charge its battery.
Positive or negative, this is what true science and engineering is all about. The discourse and discussions you have with others in the fields, is, to borrow a phrase, brilliant. Great video.
3 world wr on how electricity work
Thank you Veritasium! Amazing job as always.
It's just induction between parallel wires. Wether or not they are connected into one circuit or loop 1/2 light second away makes no difference to the initial turning on. My question is, how long will it take for the bulb to go off again if the wires terminate as open circuits 1/2 light second away? My guess is the bulb will start to fade as soon as it lights up and will be 'off' again after second, but would come on again faintly one or two more times with a cycle of 1 hz, as the field is refelected back at  the ends.
Until 10:18 where the circuit is addressed, the discussion is that electrons don't carry energy?(whoa!) "They are accelerated by the electric field", so the field carries energy (or is energy itself) and electron movement is an effect...? If we look at it in a cause-effect sense, the electron motion is a side effect? If we introduce a break in a conducting wire with a capacitor, there are no physical electrons jumping, but the field from one side pushes the other in the plate and there is electron movement in the rest of the wire (at least briefly) But then does electron movement mean anything?
If we go full bonkers technically you cannot talk about electrons as particles in wires. Most of them don't have any meaningful interaction, they don't exist. At the battery, yes, since it reconstructs the field fluctuations and at the lightbulb it distills into particle. The wires only define the EM field topology. Fluctuations follow that topology.  Just about anything has this conceptual duality. Think of it as 2 different perspectives you can look at electromagnetism. Those 2 perspectives are not consistent with each other, and the correctness of one over the other is defined by the stuff you know and/or the nature of the interactions.
1/c seconds is NOT a "casual" use of units, it's simply wrong: Time is not measured in s/m or s2/m or whatever "1/c seconds" implies. Derek really meant/means (1m)/c, but as always he's too full of himself to admit this tiny mistake and calls it a "casual" use of SI units... Whatever.
This is what makes us humans different.
This is proper science. Elsewhere, people can't even define what a woman is.
That's why counter remarks are necessary to enjoy the thoughts of we humans
At about 13:00 yea that makes sense if you've ever played with radio antenna. You can have 100m of 12 inch seperated ladder line feeding a dipole and there is no electrical connection but yet the wires use the elctric field to balance each other. In fact a dipole made at half wave it's self proves this as the two sides electrically isolated resonate together as one wire.  You should do a video on dipoles and feed line and characteristic impedance and how balun transformers work. Even a loop antenna can have a DC ground yet still work let the arm chair experts explain that lol. Antenna design is a very interesting subject then wave guide transmission is next level.
Why am i watching this when i don't get anything
I swear every video you make directly helps me in a course I’m doing! Thanks.
I want to know how it is like if the pipe is lower to the ground, or the impedance is lower, or if you use a co-axial channel.
I love the scientific debate and discussion, this is how people should talk and test each others experiments or their own experiments based on the statement.
The electric field here is due to the surface charge density, conductors cannot have electric fields inside of them.  This is fact since it is intrinsic to a energy density derivation by Walter lewin in a lecture of his
This is how I was taught electric circuits
1 : 10m circuit is NOT an analogy to 1 : 1.5e8m circuit. Field density distribution in a circuit is totally different. To scale your example down you would need to scale it down in all directions. You need to have a distanse between wires (1/1.5e8)m.
Thanks Professor Derek. Where were you in my college E&M Physics class when we were going over this?
NO NO NO NO NO, CONDUCTORS CANNOT HAVE AN ELECTRIC FIELD!!!!
Well done and most informative!!👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻😁
What a wonderful scientific test ! Can you do another scientific  test to avoid homeless people at the hearth of the streets of Los Angeles ? I am sure you can do it ! A rubbish society where you can spend money in silly things where people live in the streets
I imagine this is how wireless charging works?
It seems you have a club of jealous, wannabe rivals who will find fault, even when none exists.
I feel I still don't fully understand electrons flow. In this video it's first explained that the electrons are not flowing like in water model, just bouncing back and forth caused by E field, but then it's claimed they do by the sheep-shepherd analogy. Or does it mean that at first they don't until the electrons wave from the battery comes?
Why do I bother to understand electricity...
Finally another veritasium video about misconceptions! Also, is this problem the same if we change the geometry of the circuit?
Thank you so much for the follow up of this, one rare or one of a kind channel that can actually move the entire youtube on a topic!!!! Awesome for mentioning other channels!!!!
Isn't this essentially the entire point of wireless charging? (e.g. via Qi and whatever else) Edit: Oh, lol, mentioned right after I pointed that out.
One of the people who said you were wrong, also said that ball chains create infinite free energy, so I don't feel like we should take his word for anything 🤣  Basically what i am getting from this is that these people got so wrapped up in how light speed works that they forgot to pay attention to how electrons work
When at first you don't succeed, double, triple, and quadruple down ! Love the debate, shall we go quintuple, ; )
The title of the video should be "How to correct a mess created by a clickbait title on a youtube video"...
Wow finally youtube videos are used as a debate on science between scientists that allows for a deeper understanding for more limited people. I think that's what is should serve in the first place, instead smart people shy away from these platforms full of idiots showing their fake lifes or silly tktok dances.
The Toroid is the solution for everything
glad you did the follow-on. i found that first video too counter intuitive. now it's still counter intuitive but i believe it. the energy is in the fields.
The Universe is Electric.  I wrote to you about this 10 years ago....
Takes huge courage and humility to accept any mistake and create a huge setup to prove it. Hats off.
Is there a link to the Rick Hartley presentation about electrical circuits?
We want diss track😄
Have you made a video on the frequencies and fields emitted by our bodies?? It will be interesting to see the effect of the field created by charging wirelessly via Wi-Fi will have on our own magnetic fields in your bodies or am I just mental???
Bro its like a big antenna .. that it . Sure you will find some electricity in the wire ..
If electric energy is following outside the wire, then why don't we get electrocuted?
Why did you make the test rig so high?
Wow...thanks for all that work! One of the best YouTube videos I've ever seen!
The best way to find the truth, is to post something incorrect on the internet.
I hated the first video and I indulged in this one. This one is just Brilliant...
As an electrical engineer, this contains my 5 years in school
This was really helpfull.
هل يوجد احد متخصص في مجال نقل الطاقة ولديه القدرة بحيث يمكنه ترجمة هذه المعلومات القيمة للغة العربية . Can we find here anyone can translate this valuable information to the Arabic language.that what I mentioned in the Arabic comment.
So you are saying that first, an antenna picks up some energy quickly, followed by a circuit conducting current.
This is how sciencetific disagreements should be handled props to everyone involved.  Meanwhile in Earth's shape community......
This finally answered the question I didn't know how to ask
🤯 this is really cool. Wish my physics professors had gone over this in a lab, even if it was just a brush over.
brain still go boom
Wow, as a high school student interested in physics, i can't say i understood 100%, but at least my ideas of how electricity works are less wrong! Thank you for very interesting videos!
Oh wow. This is way more informative than I anticipated.
I'm just happy to be alive when these great minds challenged each other intellectually. I still don't understand anything
No don't apologise! We love the way this debate was constructive. If not for your first video, we wouldn't be here.
One thing I still didn't understand is at 6:45 you are saying even a slight contraction of electron sea can result in build up of positive charge gradient on wire surface but if that would happen it means the electrons density inside that wire would increase and would be different at different parts to make that gradient...and on the other hand you said charge density inside the wire is 0 everywhere so electrons can't push each other? Aren't these contradictory?
If I understand the theory correctly then it would take the maximum amount of time (so Diameter/c) only if the circuit forms a circle, AND if the switch is at the very gates of the battery. Man! This is really scratching my brain! Great scientific back and forth you have going on it's really refreshing!
Amazing journey into knowledge ;) Thanks to everyone involved !
I just love this rational debate among educated / experienced minds
Apology video, purely science-based reactions and no drama. Love it
When I saw alpha phoenix cut the wire and still get the same result, I realized you were charging a capacitor through the light bulb.  My laymens description is that the battery becomes a instantaneous radio transmitter for 1/2 cycle(dc only), and you light the bulb with that one half radio wave, until what most people consider current gets to the bulb.  maybe think Tesla coil lighting a light bulb but on a different kind of level.
@electroBOOM here the reply
This video and everything that happened around it is the definition of the science method, I loved the first one, though I don´t consider it as a mistake, it was a spark, the question that drove all the discussion and experimentation. This one is a nice closure video to the topic, though I would not be surprised if more videos appear as a response, with more experimentation to validate the point... so, it is wonderful, it makes as challenge the status quo, it makes us think outside of what we think we know and it teaches us all in the process. Which is why I follow your channel in the first place.
Great work. Thanks again.
Love this video.
Hi, I have a qution I would like too understad. If you add two more light ballbs at each far side of the light year cable (in the 300km diagram), will it take them c/2 sec to turn up? and will the light ballb that is 1m away will light up after 1m/c as it should in the first place?
What if the entire circuit is shielded such that no electric or magnetic fields are emitted? Won't it stop the energy from propagating?
Isnt it funny that i am watching this video and almost all his video when i dont even understand many many things😂😂
"How long would it take for bulb to light up?" - That was a question. It will not be 1/c seconds. Watch RSD Academy, watch AlphaPhoenix. This video is ridiculous and impractical. Although, the simulation was very nice. Greetings!
求b站更新中文版，我被这问题困扰很久了。Chinese plz
All this is well and good, but what the hell is a "field"? Everyone keeps talking about it. Completed my entire major hearing the word "field", but what exactly is it? Is it "not matter" that carries energy? Is it antimatter that carries energy? Is it the absence of no energy? What is it?!?
So Tesla was right about energy fields? So why not just find a way to creat a giant energy field, then boom free energy for everyone, plus we don't have to use all that metal
But what if the wires are 1km apart? Would the electric field still make a difference?
thank you so much, i have been asking myself this question for years now. I think tons of people shy away from electricity or working on projects with electricity because they dont entirely understand how it works. It was for me that the entire voltage stuff, ampere stuff combined with the water analogy never made really sense and this frustration kinda limited my approach aswell as motivation. Maybe ill end up with my own hobby projects in the future
1:20 So the US Taxpayers paid Veritasium to make this vid, which he then gets ad revenue and donations for... Ever since he made that extremely deceptive Propaganda video for "self-driving cars" I have lost nearly all respect for him. He has forfeited his intellectual honesty by claiming that a car that drives 1 mile a million times, is the same as someone gaining experience by driving 1 million miles over varied terrains and situations.
I predicted it would be instantaneous. Better not tell my wife
Plz make video on resistance  , like if surface area is increased then resistance is reduced but what if we increase the area by very large number
Thanks for the video. Now I think you purposely made your first video so ambigous to stirr the youtube electro/physics community and start the debate. I have one question though. What is this Surface Charge that is creating electric field in the wire? Isn't this electrons on the wire? Where do they come from?
Did people not study Maxwell equations?
thats what i like most about internet, u get a perfect video because everyone gives their opinion.
Excellent/educative explanation. I only wish/desire you also showed/demonstrated what happens on the oscilloscope when/if one side of the circuit/wire is actually broken/disconnected.
Title is "How Electricity Actually Works" and then at 20:00 he claims that "it's a thought experiment." So clearly, electricity only exists in the mind, NOT in the material world... (sarcasm)
Could this result explains why Current transformers open circuit will heat up?
Derek showed class. He could have called "idiots" all those idiots who got circuits wrong, but Derek didn't.
I like your funny words magic man
Huh…
this video (and the ones by the other creators) really makes me happy
It is a leakage… if you isolate the wires, the circuit will still work.
Now my feed is going to be full of „Why Veritasium is wrong“ Videos all over again, nevertheless thank you
i actually forgot what the actual video was about after these debates◉_◉
the fact that the wire at the bottom has current proves how radio antennas works.
Veritasium deserves all the backlash. He tried mystifying basic science.
isnt that due to electromagnetic induction?
Honestly, now you've made it even worse. Now you've sown more confusion by trying to invalidate all the arguments made against the last video, while also demonstrating that those comments where right through your own simulations, while at the same time not acknowledging that fact and even misinterpreting the comments made on purpose.  This video can only be understood by people who already know how electricity works, who know how to skip over all the wrong things you say in this video.  The argument about casualty wasn't that no current can flow until the state of the switch at the far end was known. The argument was that only induction current can flow until the current which goes through the wire (yes, most of it flows at the outer layer, but not all of it) actually reaches the bulb.  And the argument was that your previous video was bad because it didn't teach much and instead only lead to a "gotcha" moment, by deliberately phrasing your question the way you did, not that your point that induction happens was factually wrong. You even acknowledged that this was deliberate in this video. So the argument wasn't that your were wrong, but that you were confusing people on purpose, which is detrimental to understanding correctly what happens there, by mixing two phenomenon and not making clear enough how the two affect each other.  At least that part is properly explained in this video, although wrapped in a lot of mumbling about how everyone was wrong and you were right.  This conversation should and could have stopped after the video by Alpha Phoenix. He had the better experiment, the better explanations and honestly even the better accessibility for people with no precious knowledge of advanced physics.  Fun to watch how you try to vindicate your argument whereas the video shows a simulation which exactly matches the arguments brought forward by the casualty people 😂, which you then proceed to dismiss by wrongly summarizing their argument (nobody ever said induction didn't happen, nor that induction couldn't, if components were properly designed, transport considerable amounts of energy).  I agree though that your first video being that bad has created a lot of good responses. This video would have been a lot better if you hadn't wasted 60% of its time trying to safe face and instead just made a compilation of all the videos that got various bits and pieces explained better than your video. The only part on this video which was actually worthwhile was the simulation visuals. Funnily enough the audio while showing them doesn't really match the visual.
This is brilliant.  I wish I had seen this 30 years ago when doing electronics and electrical engineering at college.
Woah. Just blowing my understanding of current away! Thank you for this detailed explanation.  Why don't they teach this in school?
I do find lots of issues even with this explanation as many things over here are not adding up, some stuff has just been said that this works but no explanation provided...... I do have a degree in Electrical Engineering and there are many questions popping up in my head,  hence sorry to say I can't accept your explanation
A major flaw in you simulations is that at DC the electrical field has a wavelength of infinity. Also electrical circuits never travel at the speed of light in a vacuum as the wires velocity factor has to be taken into consideration typcaly this is between 0.9 to 0.7 of the speed of light.
Very cool. Curious why you had to build the thing so high.
0:45 That withering look. I lol'd  Skitch em Rex!  Dang uppiteh nerdz!  I don't know anything about this really, but has this got anything to do with Nikola?
So what I gathered was this essentially works like a radio transmitter and the load being the receiver. Due to the length of the line? The incomplete circuit part really hammers that in.  Mmm really interesting to get down to the nitty gritty of it,  I hadn't thought of it like this. Gives me a much better idea of inductors etc. Fascinating! This is how it should be taught!
Gotta respect him for this
I never understood what shielding was for but it makes sense now. This whole video was relaxing to watch and take in.
One of the scientists is persian😃
What does one think of Distinti and his theories?
I would like to introduce a bit of philosophy into this debate. If you need to overcomplicate an explanation as much as you have done here, I would state that it's flawed from the outset. Consider that all of this is just theory anyway. Energy is all around us all the time. The opening and closing of the circuit is just an enabling technology to be able to harness that energy. All the complicated math and physics theory is just an attempt to explain by using a language invented by man. This language is inherently flawed (being written by humans), but some buy into it (mostly academics). When studying math, I could prove to my professor that all theorem proofs we performed to study a certain proinciple just as easily  could be interpreted to be equal to zero for all theorems as anything else. She thought I was an idiot of course, but found it amusing anyway. This is because she was taught the "correct way".  My point is: who's to say what is absolutely correct, especially when the language used is flawed. Many great mathematicians have used the language to their advantage, and just decided that a certain interpretation works, just because they say so, and have created theories that fits to prove their point... and they have defended it because then the math works as predicted. What if that interpretation was wrong? and who's to say?  Well Nicola Tesla for one. As the story goes (at least one I have heard), he said Newton was wrong about gravity. He also said that all we know of electricity is wrong. Furthermore he proclaimed that gravity doesn't exist, but only electricity and magnetism.  I won't delve much into it here, but another of his fellow countrymen also had differing ideas from our so-called consensus regarding our world view. This man was Ruder Josip Bosković, and he wrote a book called "the theory of natural philosophy". Here he speaks of the theory behind the ether. He was succeeded by many others with other theories, for  instance Einstein, and his theory of relativity. A competing theory that displaced Bosković ether theory as flat out wrong, because his ownt theory was better. There was nothing wrong with his interpretation of the mathematical language , but  I for one believe that to be very much true that he was displaced because of "consensus" (lets call it the emperors new clothing). Consensus is dangerous. It has given us a flawed conception about much of the world around us. The so-called climate crisis is one of them. It's very flawed indeed, and based on modelling that is blatantly and obviously flawed, but then again "consensus". Who is to say that the simulation you created is correct? It's based on a model, created in software that a human wrote. When did that computer program become the de-facto standard? How can you verify that it is correct? Because the math works? Remember that interpretation? Let me finish of with a quote from another well known mathematician, George Box: All models are inherently wrong, but some of them are useful". Let's conclude that your explanation seems plausible, but can be debated til the cows come home. Consider this instead: The closing of the circuit enables a completion of a magnetic field allowing you to access the energy which is already in the bulb. That at least rhymes more with the theory (law) of energy conservation. We're "forcefully" being taught to believe what we learn in school, but remember, when we stop asking questions, science is dead. The answer is "out there", but who's to say we have found the correct one yet? Consensus? Einstein? Hawking?I don't think so.... I don't think they thought so either.
Simple Explanation is To think of AC Transformers why it doesn’t work with DC . AC generates Standing Voltage on secondary Coils results energy flow on Secondary coils, Transformer Ratio and  conductor Surface Area (Wire Guage) determine field coupling results of field Skin Effects  which results in secondary coil power Transfer.
Eeeeeeee I'm so excited to see you explain this! I've been trying to explain electro-magnetic fields in my book for the quantum bio-engineering stuff. This stuff is so awesome. <3
i am jis an old retired typewriter mechanic; so pls cut me some slack.  but in view of your 2 videos, i am now thoroughly confused about how the Australian "Single Wire Rural" electricity distribution system operates a light bulb in the home of a consumer in the Australian outback?  And the big question to me would be:  will the bulb light if there were no earth ground from the house distribution panel?  I thot I had all this electricity transmission figured out way back in 1969 at university physics class when I determined that electricity transmits instantaneously because when power is applied to the wire an electron jumps out of its shell and bumps another electron out of his shell and the bumping from shell to shell continues on until someone is mixin pancake batter 100 miles away and then the electrons move out of the house thru the ground or the neutral, take your pick, it dont matter, because both are tied together at the top of the drop pole and then a 1/4 inch copper wire runs down the side of the pole to earth.  But, now with your 2 videos, i am confused, and can you explain how the Aussies get their SWR power distribution to work?
Like your humility as much as your knowledge, thank you.
The physics in this video is dumbed down just enough so even a layman like me can follow it without losing interest. Thank you creator for the "enlightenment" ,🙂.
1:12 I'm glad he brought someone working at LEGO to clarify things.
When do we get back to Tesla's electrical transmission towers?
Ok so how does my computer work? If it all comes alive when I hit the power wouldn't all the circuits interfere with each other and short my pc? Those circuit board wire channels are tiny!
I love your videos, but you should be a bit more humble when saying, "I should have explained it better". What you're really saying is that you can detect that the lightbulb will turn on before it actually does turn on because you are using unshielded wire. I think @20:23 sums it up perfectly.  The fact remains that a wire is required to transmit the energy needed to light up a bulb, and it does so via fields around the wire which travel at light speed(ish).
This one was hard for me to keep up with 😅 I hate being dumb lol well not really that I just have a problem putting effort into anything I’ve also been depressed for the past few years but those are all excuses :/
I’m definitely not an electrical engineer, but the devices we all use to view this video , are producing some form of these fields. It goes to show how far we come but also shows how little we knew what a battery, some wires and a light bulb really can do. Who knows maybe the fields are just the beginning to something much greater in the future.
So, what is current?
well done!
The confusion is why only connected elements in the circuit receive the electrical energy, why my neighbour’s bulb doesn’t glow which is one metre apart from the circuit of my house coz fields in my circuit should effect his wires also?
I love when someone tries to explain electricity to dummies.  It makes me wish I was smart enough to be a dummy.  I do understand a number of fairly complex things in life.  But I'm incapable of understanding electricity.  I just don't.  No one has ever been able to explain it to me.  Many have tried.  I'm 52 years old.  For me, electricity will always just be magic.  The end.
Plot twist : Derek intentionally left some elusive points in the first video to test the conceptual clarity of YouTube EEs, general public, and a planned follow up videos. In the end everyone benefited from this intellectricical altercation.
Let me just acknowledge the level of humility and honesty he has shown in this episode. He made an honest mistake, in fact I'd not even call it a mistake, rather it was more of a layman's version/analogy. Nevertheless, he took all the feedback/criticisms graciously and went about explaining it all in great details. This is how people in pursuit of knowledge are expected to behave. Respect!
You've fully redeemed yourself by addressing criticism. Subscribed.
why do people hate on this channel??
You rock dude!  No need to explain...  Thanks for the clarification vid.  Fascinating!
I've now told you tube to no longer recommend Veritasium videos to me because I'm bored of being recommended videos I've already watched but don't recognise as something I have already watched because the title and thumbnail have been changed drastically from when I first watched it. I know why you do it because I watched the video on why but it's now at the point where you end up wasting my time as I have to sit through an advert before I find out this is not new, to me, content. Bye, it's been great up to this point.
I showed the original video to my teacher a while back. He has been an engineer for many a year now and is well versed in both electronics and communication/transmission.  He told me that it was a good explanation of the misconception.
As an ME, the practical application of 14 mW being transmitted being classified as “power transmission” feels like such a cop out. That being said, this vid taught me tons about EE. Now I’m even more Glad I changed my major lol
Now send an AC signal at a Hz with a time period equal to NO greater than the time difference between the switch ON event and 2nd V step of your VDC experiment.
Sounds wonderful, but in the interest of academic integrity, we still don’t really understand how it works. Nobody does. This is why there is a multitude of different ways people have tried to explain electricity over time. It is only natural to try and compare the unknown with something known, however deficient such comparisons may be. The good thing for us, is that our basic knowledge and theoretical insights of electrical phenomenon are sufficient to harness whatever it is that is going on and make it do useful work for us.
how about the magnetic field of the earth?
Imma let you finish, but AlphaPhoenix had the best YouTube video on the electricity debate ever.
Im confuse now
Excellent and wow
I learned everything and nothing at the same time.
The more we know we don't know.
this is a very good followup video to the original which came off as a bit too clickbaity and vague. good on you and i think we're all better for it.
Awesome animation!
I feel the "static" in the response videos 😸
Wow now I got the proof for Mr. Derek's claim.  Again thankyou for providing this video
"all i am saying, is give aether a chance"  "Homeopathy, placebo and vaccination walk into a bar. 'Barmaid, my fair lady, tell who is which!'"
They say the best way to get the answer to a question is to declare the wrong answer. I think this was a close derivative of that :-P
A perfect response video 🎥
It would have been more illuminating if you'd have used two oscilloscopes one at the far end of the circuit and another opposite to light bulb. The relative delay in the signal would have cleared the misconception.
Only his physics videos make me smile with wonder that I didn't knew
Great explanation. I think that the discussion of nominal current vs characteristic impedance was missing from the first video. I really liked alpha pheonix's video too.
Thanks👍👍 you just built me the bridge I needed😊 I’m GREAT at plumbing - Those people who said electricity is just the same but with electrons 🤔 I knew there was a lot wrong with that😖 Tesla makes a lot more sense now😁😂
Now I know why my LED bulbs take a small moment to turn off.  I thought it was something else, after watching this I have a better understanding of how to explain electricity my kids.  After that...gravity and time dilation, wish me luck.
I'm so glad you made this!!! Phys 2 is much clearer now for this stuff for me.
The pointing vector shows that electrons are flowing away from the light in both directions. And this is a question but does that mean that the electrons are not flowing through the light bulb. Meaning it will not turn on.
At 5:38 If you bring the bulb closer to battery it actually doesn't glows brighter because it still has the same wire length so that same wire resistance.
Ah yes, of coarse. Sparky zap zap words. I totally understand everything in this video.
anyone who has done electronics or networking knows about the need for shielding and problems with crosstalk and it would be very easy for me to assume this is the same thing as what your describing here, but i would love someone more knowledgable to advise if this is not the case
Idiots Question: Since the earth is sort of a sphere, couldn’t we just place towers around the world emitting electricity that we would wirelessly tap? It seems like for less than lethal voltage/amperage that this would be a more efficient way of transmitting energy?
This is way better than some videos of late. Well organized and dense with info. I left a criticizing comment on "The Man Who Accidentally Killed The Most People In History" video, so it would be only right to acknowledge when a good one is made. Thank you Derek.
Uncle Fester is connected.
My favorite part of this video is how I watched the whole thing, and I still don’t know how electricity works. I watched both videos and I still don’t know what electricity is, or how or why it works.
One question sir, does the same happen when electricity comes to our house? Does the alternative create a really large magnetic field everywhere?
this is for AC, but DC is different. LOL
Discussions are the key to discovery
Excellent Explanation. Kudos to your efforts.
Nope.
Tesla´s principal theory..of transmitting energy without ´´WIRES´´  !!
16:58 "a short circuit" Somehow, after all my years of living, this is the first time I've realized that the term "short circuit" literally means "a short (shorter than the regular) circuit".  I've always understood it to mean electrical malfunction or failure.
As a maths undergrad I was kind of disappointed that no one tried calculating or simulating a continuous version of the transmission line model. I felt that that should definitely be possible and would've cleared up my skepticism (I didn't know if the effect would be strong enough)
Do electronics create fields that interfere with brain and nervous system activity?
Light doesnt have a speed
I like the follow up. Fwiw, I feel like not enough credit was given to the practical experiment that Alpha Phoenix originally performed (it felt like only a couple seconds of credit in a 20minute video). Two items I wished were addressed in the practical experiment: 1. The magnitude of effect of insulation on the wires. It is claimed in the original video that if the wires were placed underground then the 1m/c voltage would be much higher - can this be demonstrated in such a low voltage situation? Would the 5v measured be higher? Also the experiment shown has the conductors placed so high above the ground - is this just a grand show, or would the experiment have had identical results if they were only a foot off the ground? 2. Could the oscilloscope be used to trigger a high speed camera? Maybe one pointed at the LED bulb so that the power can be visualized? Maybe this would also put into perspective the time scale we are working with?
Dude are you even an electrical engineer?
I think one thing you need to clear up, including going back to your last video....is the distance between the conductors. What happens if they're 10' apart?   What would be the speed of electricity to the moon and back, if the conductors were 20 or 30' apart?
19:10 Why was there a step change in the voltage and not a continuous one?
Dose the distance of the voltmeter from the switch/consumer plays a roll in the outcome?
Electricity is amazing!!!
Thankyou so much for making this video. I've been interested in electronic circuits since I was a child, and even did a semester of EE101 as part of a different degree. In high school I had some great physics teachers who unfortunately didn't know the answers to my questions (but because they were great teachers they weren't afraid to admit it rather than trying to bluff me by talking down to me). I was happy to accept the basics, but some things confused me because they weren't explained at all, just given as bald facts.  At university I managed to pass EE101 but I have no doubt that I wouldn't have made it through EE102 had I chosen to continue with it as another elective. My tutors and classmates took the talking-down route because they didn't have any problem with just accepting abstract formulae in a book, even though they couldn't help me develop a mental model of the process.  Your initial video on this question struck me as more of the same; more of a, "Hah! Gotcha! Electric fields (whatever they are and however they act) exist and so BAM light bulb is lit in 1/c!" than an actual explanation. This is the video that I wished you'd made first, even without the physical demonstration. Your first video focused so much on the setup and how mind-blowing the result is that you kind of skipped over actually explaining any of it in layman's terms. I know that you skimmed on explaining the setup in this video because it's a follow-up, but I really feel like the time you spent on it this time around would've been enough the first time, too.
Great point. Stop viewing electrons in terms of ohms calculations. Understanding theory will always provide a more complete solution, than the assumptions of technicians.
I had a really repulsive feeling when you pulled up Matter and Interactions since that was one of my textbooks for a college physics class
mind blown, would love a demonstration with the cable circuit broken where u could still measure some of the voltage for a few nanoseconds
this is just a nerdy diss track
The first video, I didn’t get it. But with this one… clear as fresh water! Just think about radiowaves! Do they carry energy? YES . It IS the EM fields! Derek addresses this when he makes us remember that we do not really need wires, they just do a much better job 😊
12 to 15 volts
I was with you until you brought in capacitors, then you lost me.
I had the absolute pleasure of being an undergraduate student of Dr. Chabbay. No one has inspired my passion for learning physics more than her, and it makes me super happy to see her simulations and lessons expanded on in a way that equally captures the passion she has.
There is a limit between theoretical physic and practical physic. Math has a limit problem too. This isn't something that has to be clarified between two major supporting group. Theoretical and practical is supporting each other
Recreate the experiment using the same amount of conductors/setup and put the light bulb as far away as possible from the switch and you will find the SAME results. The results you have are from electron return/push to the power source generating the 5v @ .014 amps because of potential difference being produced once the circuit is closed allowing some electron flow ahead of the bulk of the power going around the wire to the load and back to the power source.
I am so happy that you revisited this. I was very skeptical of your last approach to this topic because I didn't consider the implication of the fields produced from the charges. Thank you for guiding us through that consideration
Que bien!
The matter of lite bulb installation has been a subject of wide discussion among the North Dakota inhabitants since I was a Montana boy.
Do fields store the energy, or the surface charges in the fields? It seems the latter is a better way to explain this. Could we get the same energy sent round a hollow wire with a large surface area as a similar solid wire?
These two videos are a master class in marketing. Create a technically correct but obtuse video declaring something unintuitive. Wait for the Internet to respond, and the clarify... well done.
No, I'm not convinced Electricity isn't just magic. ..Or works because we believe in it. (The same reason airplanes can fly, that is)
Meanwhile me as a computer science engineer "thank God that i did not picked those electrical subject for electives😶"  Jokes apart truly informative video that cleared my doubts🤝
You just explained how radio antennas work. Something I've been struggling to understand for many many years. Thank you!!!
I need to see what happens when the circuit has a break
Nikola Tesla obviously knew about the Energy being in the fields not in the wire. That makes his legacy even greater than I suspected.
I'm pretty sure Tesla had all this figured out about...130 years ago. He had plans for worldwide wireless distribution of electricity in the 1890's.
So happy to see Big Clive get mentioned on this channel ❤️
Derek, how do you know.. have you actually seen any electrons? 😆
can you explain vortex cooling
I am proud of myself for anticipating some of the points made despite almost failing second year electrical engineering physics! Great video though very well said!
Gravitational waves move at the speed of light, does that mean the universe itself is conducting energy in the same way across the entire universe?
Return velocity being the same to a battery is not clue that the electrons are not carrying energy. They did lose one factor of energy, pressure, IE voltage after work is performed on a load. The same is said about a closed loop fluid system so long as the conductors are equal; return velocity to the reservoir will be equal to supply, return density or mass is always equal in all circumstances minus leaks to atmosphere/environment.
On behalf of all EE students, I thank you for putting out that first video. It resulted in the entirety of the EE side of youtube coming out to give everyone a masterclass lecture series on transmission theory for free. This is the kind of thing that should happen more often.
This is why understanding the mechanics of a subject is so important
This whole thing was an Electrical Engineers "gotcha moment" where the result is obvious if the setup explained specifically. I love it.
How many times did he say charge 💀
Thank you Derek. This was a great response video. When you said "transmission line" everything just fell into place so elegantly.
Credit should really go to Steinmetz for this understanding. EE knows this but as mentioned, for ease it is omitted.
This clarification is immensly valuable.  I kinda understood it from your originol message, but its much clearer now.
3,743,545 views, 198k likes, 13k comments, 11.8M subscribers. Nice!!
Nailed the Mic drop video! 👏
My whole life is a lie... ...the end
Howdy!
Thanks for this great explanation of what is going on, but I do have to correct one statement you make at about 4:53 where you say that the net charge in every volume is zero.  The thermal excitation of the conduction electrons means the electrons are randomly distributed and there are space charges an fields that develop from that.   This then creates what is known as thermal or Johnson noise and is a noise inherent to the material and not noise picked up from something external to the system.  This phenomenon is important in things like communication systems.   It can be appreciable though because it has a huge bandwidth (approaching a Terahertz) most measurements of it register only a tiny fraction of it.
Absolutely incredible explanation. Also, the best ad for the coolest software all EE's wish they had in college
Ok, I understand this. Now I'm happily going back to the "marbles in a pipe" analogy to understand my circuits.
Awesome adventures, can't get enough! I really enjoyed watching and coming back again for more. 🙏
Your measurement would have been better using an actual differential scope probe across the load resistor and minimizing any loop in your measurement setup. I'd bet you can get a reading on the scope with just using those two single ended scope probes and the 1k resistor (forming a loop antenna) without connecting them to your long wire setup. That was not a good setup for taking RF measurements since your looking at signals that are 10s of nanoseconds (on the order of 100MHz).  Edit: typo
Let's have a circuit with no switch.   And we'll create a battery by creating a positron and electron inside a pair of hemispherical capacitors.   From the time the positron electron pair are created, a field will begin to propagate down the wires.   Remember that before to creation of the pair there is no electric field anywhere.   It would take the time for the electric field to fully propagate thought the entire circuit before the light would light up.  Inserting the battery into the circuit begins propagation of electric field at the speed of light.   Which sets up almost an entire circuit and rearrangement of electrons...with the only field that is not zero is acro the switch.   Closing that switch causes a non zero field in the wire, with everything ready to move and do the speed would be only the time to cross the switch gap.   Because the battery shoved electrons everywhere they needed to to create a zero field inside the circuit.
As an ageing Cyberneticist this was great to see this conversation and further clarification video thumbs to all who answered it as well as the ones who questioned it. in cybernetics you learn about these things, because it isn't a single discipline and so you learn to look at the whole system and look for feedback sources that most people never look for.
How Electricity Actually Works Thanks for explanation.
You literally show (as medhi did) that although you do get some current after 1m/c, its only after the field has finished encompassing the wire that the full current is present
Dude, thanks! I knew it was fields, but your expansion of the subject clarified the whole dealie!
Shall we say the video was enlightening or illuminating lol
I could be wrong here... but regarding all this back and forth about many of Derek's recent videos, isn't this the pier review process?  Pier reviewed YouTube... I love it!
Is really amazing to watch the result
at 13:50 min:  so its basically induction or?
I'm lost haha
AMAZING!
Dude, I studied engineering, and noone explained electricity to me like this. Super interesting.
Is this like physicists vs electrical engineers?
I love these series of videos. This is the best type of controversy; one which is actually constructive for our ability to understand the world, and leaves us all winning as a whole.  This gave me a nerdgasm, ngl.
Great!!
My biggest surprise was seeing somebody set a very expensive oscilloscope atop a folding step ladder.
SPECTACULAR    A+
oooh, can't wait for all the rebuttal videos of the original rebuttal videos from some well known science youtubers   esp. the ones that claimed the flow after 1m/c seconds would be very small.  You seem to be showing about 20%? of final stable circuit voltage.
Look bro, you make amazing videos. That's what your Ph. D. is all about. But you appear to have dug yourself into this hole by the frequency with which you make sweeping and over- generalized assumptions about how everybody is missing something, or about how nobody understands something, or about how you seem to be the only person in all of history who makes educational videos about highly nuanced minutia.  Which of us isn't intellectually standing on the shoulders of real scientists who made the discoveries that you hold up as esoteric knowledge that everybody has forgotten about but yourself?   Just eat some humble pie, realise your audience does not consist entirely of scientific mugols, drop the issue, and go make other great videos that give people a little more credit than you believe they might deserve.   Otherwise, this all gives of the appearnce of chasing an audience's viewership with sensationalism and controversy. I could just as easily go watch the weather channel if I wanted that.
I have a big radiation heat transfer drama... Hope Ve cover it some day.
Does hot air rise or cold air sink or is it all variations in barometric pressure?
Derrick thx for the clarification. This does show that you have a lot of eyes watching what you say and that must make you feel good.  The part I had heartburn over was lighting a lightbulb with only the field through space to the bulb. In reality if space fields could do useful work then we could dispense with conductors. So, you were talking about a sharp risetime pulse and the time it takes to arrive at a detector 1 unit away. Thx Dave from Australia for applying the meter unit to the 1.  The rest I have no problems with. The E field is what pushes the mobile carriers in this case electrons around.  The other heartburn part of all this is Maxwell showed that the E & B fields are linked together in the 1800s. You can have static fields of either but not motional fields of either. They always exist together. My hat is off to Mr. Maxwell for discovering this and on top of that he formulated the vector differential equations that describe the Emag phenomenon. Again thx for all the clarification, animations and demonstrations. Unfortunately this still means the power companies cannot rid themselves of transmission line conductors. Well at least not at 50 or 60 Hz.
And now for your penance. When I was electrical power student we were taught in separate subject , electrical fields, magnetic fields ,as if they were separated and distinct subjects which they are not. Your penance to do the same treatment ,for how electric fields are distorted into "magnetic" fields through special relatively consideration of the different charge carriers moving in different direction . The special relatively consideration external to the wire will cause a test particle to "feel" a magnetic field with flow of current in the wire. Thanks Greg
Very cool
is nothing simple ??? :-)
When we are taught as children basic fundamentals we build upon it for our understanding of how the world works. If something must be simplified then teachers should say so and the details should then be filled in in the following few years. Another misconception that now becomes difficult to fully see is that the primary subtractive colors (used in paints and printer toner, etc.) are magenta, cyan and yellow and not red, blue and yellow (this was known for decades but not taught to me as a child and not until I had a printer.
We here witness a fascinating academic debates between scientist in our era...  finally an educated debate in internet....  not just some people trashtalking each others
Hmm, I wonder if gravity is a Lumped Element solution of QFT that we just haven't understood 🤔
11/10  I've been delving into some veeeery high level QFT and one of the things that I really struggled with was that it seems easy to get some clarifying explanations for strong interactions, but how photons mediate electric interaction is not made sufficiently clear anywhere. What's even worse is that weak interaction has the same problem and we're sort of essentially directed to "electroweak" field study but this is only applicable at sufficiently high energies prior to symmetry breaking, and does nothing (I feel) to help us with intuition on how this applicable in everyday life (low energy scenarios, like electric circuits). I finally got some intuition on how electric field applies here, but still many questions remain :D
You are confusing people, even without closing the circuit, connecting a wire to the battery , it will act as a sending antenna and the wire connected to the bulb, will act as a receiving antenna
Does this mean you measured the speed of light in one direction?
this video is just to say "I am right you are wrong, y'all misunderstood what I was trying to say".
I understand nothing but i watched the whole video
The act of the first video you published and the response from many individuals, just goes to show that people take terms such as voltage and current for granted and use these terms to loosely describe the problem all most in layman's terms. This current video was outstanding and clearly shows the fields that do the leg work in these circuits as it were. It also provides answers to phenomena found in the electrical industry that can't be simulated or explained conclusively with the modern conception of electricity. Once this concept is fully grasped I hope the teaching establishments will reintroduce these core explanations of electricity and perhaps engineers in the future will be firmly in the knowledge of the complexities and look at installation methods to make electrical circuits at all voltages, currents and power safer for the future.
Lol wow, this thing heated up hoter than a junkies spoon 🤣
As my daughter and I were talking about this, in the context of a cable between planets roughly 4 light years away, I got to wondering.. is there a limit to how that field can spread and a distance limit?  And are we talking about quantum fields here?  My layman understanding is that the field exists everywhere in the universe, and the wire just is a distorted or crossed field area? (sorry, best I can think to type out to explain here).
Nerd fight nerd fight!
Will leakage over the switch increase the narrower the distance get's before it connects and how would this impact the time if any?
That's the cool thing about electrons. They "swash" the electric field like ripples on a pond, creating waves that propagate outward, known also as photons (the particle side of things). It's the reason antennas work at all, so why would it not cause an effect in power delivery through a circuit.  A spike in power before the "expected" delivery of power is happening because it's all a bunch of waves moving through space regardless of the shape of wires, causing electrons to move around.  It's all the same fundamental stuff.
Anyone would explain this using the word aether? That would be more easy to understand than fields, fields of what
How are electrical engineers and physicists arguing about this? The way electricity moves seems like one of those things that would be a know.
@12:37, Also, what if you had a wire that was a closed loop wire with a lightbulb but without an attached battery next to a wire that has a battery and switch. If you closed the switch, your explanation suggests that it could also light up the bulb on the closed loop wire that does not have a batter on it. Right?
A bold title. I think you did this one justice.
This really helps me understand why you can feel the vibrations in metal under high powered lines. Its a field that acts like a wave. You get better, sharper waves when crashing through a conductive material at high speeds, but still felt outside as well.
@12:37, It sounds like this would then be possible to demonstrate by having several lightbulbs attached to the wire in different spots relative to the switch (and perhaps a third loop of wire on the opposite side of the part of the wire that does not have a switch) so that a person can measure the time between each lightbulb turning on, which should be in the order the "shockwave(s)" reach(es) the bulb.
It would’ve been much simpler for Veritasium to say “Sorry, I was wrong in the first video” instead of both digging himself deeper, which is kinda lame, as well as digging deeper into the science of how electricity actually works… Which I do appreciate :) We all know how induction works, but that’s not what the original video claimed. If they had use a shielded wire with a faraday mesh around it, none of this BS electric field current explanation would work.
Penn State Phys 212 to 214. I learned this in college over a decade ago. Why is this even under debate? Did the people objecting to this ever take college courses in electricity and magnetism? How do they think coaxial cable works?
@7:00, Is it possible to make a wire that can be modified to affect its surface charge distribution to demonstrate better the argument you are making?
Truth prevails
If you want to know how electricity or electrons really work then you have to know how Quantum mechanics and electrodynamics work, in the Quantum world electrons can actually not only travel faster than light, they can be in two places at the same time and also borrow energy from the future and go back in time simultaneously
What if the wires were further apart?
Protect this man at all cost
So, this is how Tesla invented his transformator: if the change in the field is quick enough, the open wire acts as a closed wire indefinitely, because the wave never gets reflected😮
This video gives reasons to the residents around high V transmission lines to sue for damages caused by e-fields.
Great video Derek, you've redeemed yourself with this one!
So, take this knowledge and apply it to Randall Munroe's infinite resistor grid problem. What does the electric field experienced by an infinite grid of resistors look like over time if the two ends of the battery are a Knight's move apart?
If feel like this all could have been avoided if Derek went to Cal-Tech for the first video.
.. so .. would this explain why, that in a big warehouse/factory that, the lights nearest lilluminate first and those further away take longer to properly light up, or is this just a personnel mis observation upon my own part. ?
So Electromagnetic radiation is both electric radiation and magnetic radiation, nice explanation and nice visuals!
If only the makers of "smart dots" that prevent mobile phone radiation watch this!
So electrical current travels through a wire at the speed of light.  How then does photonics provide a speed advantage over electronics?
OH. This explains how those AI-generated chips could work when they didn't seem to be fully connected, and why removing seemingly isolated sub-circuits broke them. Whoops. Leaky abstractions.
woah. I dont know much of what he is talking about, but I want to be smart.
Check out Eric Dollards work.  Boarderland science.  He shows some cool stuff along these lines.
Please don't embed EEVBlog. I spend good money blocking that sad sack of feces from my YouTube for a reason
Duude you cannot let out so much information in your first video xD Still, this series is already one in my favorite creations of Veritasium explaining actually pretty basic concepts that many people (including me) werent aware of. And it is a shame that I as an electric engineer didnt know directly after the first video whats going on D:
Duude you cannot let out so much information in your first video xD Still, this series is already one in my favorite creations of Veritasium explaining actually pretty basic concepts that many people (including me) werent aware of. And it is a shame that I as an electric engineer didnt know directly after the first video whats going on D:
so will a LED light up if i put it next to a powerful light source? the field would transfer to the LED and light it no? despite the wires on the LED not being connected to the field source? (the battery)
This may sound rude, but people who didn’t understand, should really go back and learn “transmission line” basics that they most probably skipped during their bachelors. It explains everything. Parasitic capacitances, inductances and resistance always exists in every circuit, but people simply choose to ignore it because it doesn’t have a big effect, especially looking at it from a macroscopic scale. BUT, When high frequency is involved, or when small time periods are involved, these tiny parasitic components have a major effect on the circuit hence they always have to be taken into consideration.
Mind. Blown. I was sure the original video was mistaken. Don't know why I doubted Derek. I now have a much better intuition for how to think about antennas. I had seen the infinite channel math before, but just hadn't connected it to being fundamental to Maxwell's equations such that it's not intimately dependent on what materials are used.
Man, you got the true pros doing this experiment.Respect!.
You should call your channel the New Enlightenment…
does it work in reverse? what about when you  turn off the switch?
This is a signal integrity question. Not many EEs study that.
as soon as you said that it was the magnetic field generated by the wire and the battery, it made sense to me
If you proposed a 'thought experiment' and it caused people to pay attention and think about things, causing huge amounts of discussion then I'd say that you succeeded.
i feel dumb
Derek needs an anger translator lol
This made no sense, but it was a good video anyway lol
Your last video was so good bro
When I graduated from Electrical Engineering I would never have believed that in reality I was also graduating in Philosophy!
At 9:57 you mention that the correct number of electrons go down each given path thanks to the 'electric field' which sounds pretty abstract....Can't this have something to do with gravity as it does with water in communicating vessels??
I'm still a little confused. So when you close the switch, the light bulb turns on (almost) instantaneously, but not at full power. Then, 1 second later it comes on at full power? And if the circuit is broken 300,000km metres away, it turns off completely after 1 second once the light bulb receives the information that the circuit is broken? Is that right?
Great video I am a physics major myself and I see that I need to get my college professors to show the students this video in class ...
Man I can’t wait to see you explain gigahertz mm wave guides, the electrical conduits of radio waves. Where the real magic happens at ridiculous speeds.
Your explanations are amazing, your videos thought provoking, and your humbleness... humbling.
So what happens if you have lead lined wires where the magnetic field can not escape?
Turns out I'm too stupid to watch this! 😂
It always amazed me that this was a controversial subject, I was taught this is high school when we were in physics class learning about circuits and blowing up the provided bulbs :p Think I need to pay a visit to my old physics teacher for being so well informed about his field.
This is a really great video
What I would like to know is how this all relates to light fields. If light is an EM field then there should be a similar experiment to show it doing the same behaviour...but what kind of setup? Fiber optic cables can't work because they are essentially wave guides so the EM field is contained...or is it really? Perhaps there is a propagation out and across the loop that we just cannot see because it's much much lower power?
This proves what I have always thought, electricity is magic and voodoo. :)
I'm more confused now. If the energy gets to the bulb even when the circuit isn't complete, then what difference does flipping a switch make?
Oooooh.   I still don’t get it
This man sometimes makes average videos but his Waymo shill video was enough for me to unsubscribe. Have to keep clicking “not interested” to get him out of my feed.  Oh well.
Methinks Mr. Veritasium misunderstood a tidbit of truth when he made the last video, so part was true, but it was mostly wrong. Yes, the bulb would experience a voltage from the direct field, but not true current by the field carried in the wires (at 1m/c). The guts of this video would have been the heart of the original video if he truly understood it back then. And if he described the original problem the way he did here, there would not have been a large outcry by the EE folks. What he explains here is brushed off in college physics as "assume there is no radiation between the wires ..."
and again, waves are droped and simplified into particles.
I still don't get it, haha
the nerds wars are real
This dudes hairline has receded since I've last watched him.
I really wish there was a version of this video that didn't have the pointless clips from other people and removed all the talk about who's right or wrong.  Just a simple version with the facts all in one take, no screen grabs, no sound bites.
Great explanation.  Those who took intro E&M surely know that the electric field in a conductor is constant, with charges pushed to the surface of the object.  But this is easy to forget in the context of wires, if you take too literally the simplification of them as one-dimensional.
For someone as uneducated as me this is huge.  Thank you
It honestly feels like a brand new genre of YouTube Science. Idk how many other science videos are out there like this, but many of the best math and science YouTubers were referenced in this epic meta-analysis of YouTube science thought. This felt bigger, like vlog peer review. Think of the potential!!! Thanks Veritasium!
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!? 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
I got so confused I now know less than when I started and tbf that wasn't a lot. But I still liked it.
The `misconception' of electricity flows you mentioned is a valid simplified model... at certain levels. The `field' theory is merely a more general understanding that works at a deeper level. This is like the Bernoulli's principle and Navier-Stokes equation, where the latter is a more general understanding of the former although the former works just fine for many applications.
There's a Tik Tok video of a voltage meter being activated on a driveway in front of large power lines.  Can you help explain that in a video and also explain how that could possibly not be dangerous to humans?
The electric permeability, one of headaches of Tesla by trying to conduct energy through air, perhaps the 5V at the beginning  would be greater in the near of the ocean, because of salt water in the air. For Us Electrical engineers (those who studied), if there is Electrical fields or electromagnetic fields, than there is electron displacement and otherwise and all ruled out by electric permeability and the pointing vector are a headache.
I could never wrap my head around electrical engineering and the analogy to water. I only did basics in my vocational training as physics lab technician and promptly forgot everything after I passed my final. I don't think we've ever talked about surface charges but we did talk about fields. This second video did make things more understandable to me! Great video and great work by both you and the community!
I have no idea how, but ... I knew this. Or, rather, I _understood_ it. Never studied electrical engineering. Now I have some thinking to do. What the ...
you could have also put an additional wire parallel to the battery without being connected to the circuit and showed similar voltage response as you showed in the simulation. I think that would have been a terrific result and cleared a lot of the remaining questions
I'm personally glad he did the original video with some ambiguity, because I've never seen a video on the subject get such attention before.  The physics at play here are foundational and I bet that had the original video been more accurate in its details, less people would have gained an intuitive understanding of these physical realities.  So IMO, ultimately that makes it a great video.  That said, I do wish someone would have discussed how eventually, the light will turn off before it turns back on from the arrival of DC current.  This being due to the line inductances slowing the edge and therefore making the line capacitances less effective at powering the bulb.  Maybe someone did and I missed it.
Now you’re talking like an electrical engineer not a physicist.
господи как всё это сложно
Honestly, with Cunningham's law, giving a half correct answer is the best way to get responses these days.   ESPECIALLY if you've got 10 million subscribers. :D
I'm just a layman and most of this went right over my head but it's still cool
Electroboom just forces other youtubers to give better explanations
The thing I took issue with in the original video was the description of electrons bumping around in a wire and then saying it’s superconducting.  🤔
Still confused on one thing, what creates the charges on the surface of the wire
So basically, veritasium was being very theoretical and deep level electrical application without the warnings or thorough explanation of what he actually meant. Then a lot of practical electrical engineers get mad that what he said was really wrong (I agreed with them). Now, Veritasium explains what he actually meant after he found a better way to discuss this complex topic and Veritasium really just wanted to talk about how electricity actually works and debunking the electrical common misconceptions and simplifications.
Pretty sure this dude IS Tesla, he just discovered the secret to eternal youth, went into hiding, and now he's back 😹
So, if I understood this correctly, the simplifications and shortcuts used to describe circuits were tested to the very limits making the reality almost anti-intuitive, which in turn made people who were very sure about their knowledge just ignore these extreme conditions. As a chemical engineer, I assume this is more or less like when you have the law of gases but then you learn for real gases there are a whole lot of complex equations that explain better, yet in normal conditions law of gases is good enough and the rest would just be a waste of time in an industrial setting.
Why did that experiment need to be 3m up in the air?
Your videos are always so good, thank you.
It's kind of a dick-move to intentionally make a not fully explained claim, because you know the controversy will recirculate your video and subsequent explanation video. It's very smart, but also ratty behaviour, you don't need to do this, you can just make good content.
This was much a needed follow up. I feel like with the input from other amazing youtubers and this video, everything is crystal clear. And I also appreciate the explanation first demonstration later approach.
Best cross-video ever !
As yet another EE (who didn't do as well in my electromagnetic fields courses as I would have liked...), I am very pleased to see this entire effort, from the initial video, to all the response videos, to this follow-up video.  Fantastic work by all involved!  Bravo!
This is exactly what we need from the 'tube Degsy
This is how to get good answers on the internet.  Just give a wrong or incomplete answer as fact and watch other’s replies in the comments.  Smart.
This is just electrical crosstalk that any working EE should have seen any time you run unshielded signal cables or PCB traces in parallel. What makes this example odd isn't the crosstalk, it's the signal cables being connected together into a circuit at a distance with a measurable light delay, i.e. there would be no pushback showing two long signal cables in parallel with a pulse in one inducing a pulse in the other. It's the idea that these are a circuit that throws people off.
At last, people are staring to catch on! This is a great demonstration of quantum flip vectors interacting with zero-dimensional potential, flipping between electric and magnetic vector fields. The Earth is linked to the Sun (battery of the solar system) via magnetic fields, it will solve ALL our energy needs if we use vector-based energy harvesting to link them both via electric fields. Solar panels, nuclear power, wind power; will all become defunct. We will need to set up flip-reactors at the mid-point of earth, perfectly between the north and south magnetic poles in order to harvest directly from the Sun. Or, I might just be a crazy person...
Amazing explanation
best disstrack response ever !!
If you were wrong, antennas wouldn't work.
I've been convinced. Since I seen it. Don't worry. Humans are have limitations, and these limitations that made it difficult to believe or understand your statements... is a great filter. We aren't worried, with enough time.. you all will kill yourselves. We are patient, unlike humanity.
My whole life up to this point has been a lie. Time for me to pack up my things and go to live in a cave.
you are completely wrong, if this is correct, how processors work precisely synchronization which are consist with small switches so much close to each other . sorry to say you are nuts
THIS is how "Science" is supposed to work!  Thank you for sparking the discussion and your open-minded curiosity.
Wow
So in other words, you are describing leakage. Once again.
I want another switch on the other side of the battery, switching simultaneously. Would that make a difference? I don’t think so. Even if it should… As long as we imagine electrons as particles, we won’t find the answer. But that’s not engineering. It’s physics. As an engineer I should ask: Did you know that the impedance of a transmission line is not dependent on it‘s length nor the frequency of the signal? Astonishing, the only parameters are the thickness of the wires and the distance between them. The rest is (relativaty) physics. I would assume that the electric field along the wire (photons going wild as the electrons move slowly along the wire) / not the field across the opposite wires / is a big part of the magic. But in the end we only can measure/ calculate what Maxwell, Ohm etc. taught us.
How fast does it turn off when you cut the power?
Derek still mixes different concepts in his arguments. Wireless smartphone charging and simple battery and bulb circuits are just mixed randomly to drive the argument that you can transfer electric energy without wires.  We need a simple example Derek. Take a battery and a bulb and transfer energy between them in a steady flow without any sort of conduction.  If it is really true that the field transfers the energy and we do not need wires it should be no problem.
I like the ideology on this channel of f**k around and find out. But I think the problem is defined badly and the explanation is just hard to understand sometimes because of it - like in the 13:24 about the state of the circuit, the switch is positioned so badly that the led would be lit up all the time.
Can we make peer review a thing with Science Youtube crowd? 👀👈  I would argue that this is better than the peer review we brag about in the Scientific Method.  I trust these guys more than the politics involved in research and other endeavors when lots of $$$ is involved.
I'm hardly an expert but it seems like this all boils down to "every electric circuit also functions as a radio". Current flowing through one wire emits an electromagnetic field and induces a current in nearby wires, regardless whether those wires also happen to be physically connected. So, the only surprising thing is that this effect is actually strong enough to demonstrate using an ordinary battery, LED, and wires, rather than requiring a lot of expensive lab equipment or dangerous voltages.  It does make me curious, though - why does simply bringing a battery near an LED not cause it to illuminate? Is the field just too small to cross a gap large enough to see? Does the wire need to be some minimum length for current to actually flow?
The provocation from your initial video was so effective in getting people to actively investigate that if it wasn't on purpose then perhaps a great strategy for the future.
You feed my inner nerd so well. It thanks you.
I'm excited to see how many of my favorite youtubers make angry videos about this.
This is a great example of how research, discussion, and even debated disagreements lead to further understanding. I personally don’t think you need the m in the answer.  If the question was how long (how much time) till the light goes on, the answer should be in a time measurement (seconds).
I studied mechanical engineering at university and have never heard such a clear explanation of how electricity works! This video is awesome
What effect does the length of the wire have if you put a cut at both ends? How small can you make the wires protruding from both battery contacts and bulb contacts? If the length has negligible effect then the fact batteries exist must mean all bulbs are lit all the time :P
The problem with the original video is that it sets you up to fail. Not only by using very misleading imagery. But mostly because it understates and straight up refuses to acknowledge the role of the wiring in the scenario. It's not a circuit, it's a transmitter -> receiver setup. Second it doesn't factor in any cable insulation, and you can see that also in his own experiment he's using un-insulated material, something that is not common in circuits. I am not going to go look for the quote, but I believe he said something about the electric field going from the power plant to my home, which is just straight up infuriating, given how untrue it is.
Dear Friend,   First, I appreciate your dedicated efforts for these many years to gain and share knowledge. Sometimes, we make minor mistakes and sometimes possibly blunders. It does not matter unless our audiences have a very good understanding of the subject or the people with a really good understanding of the subject are our audiences. But it is OK to accept if we went somewhere wrong. Whitewashing is the job of politicians not of us. Your Youtube popularity graph will not go down something like you explained in one of your videos in the past. You are doing a really nice job. I have watched your several videos. But I observed in some of your videos that your inclination to prove others wrong increased recently. This is not your original video. This is just a white-washed response to some of your viewers. They successfully captured your brain and got you to make this video.  I was also not satisfied when I saw that video in the past. In fact, I was not satisfied with your explanation in some other videos as well. But I ignored them because I was just more interested in the correct part of your videos.  Finally, let me explain why it was a whitewash. In 24 minute-video the key problem comes at 18:50. But you cleverly tried to fit it somehow in between the lengthy discussion of 24 minutes. But one misleading item cannot be fit within correct items even if you successfully defend that item from being incorrect.  Let me further put the actual denial. The explained ‘starting current magnitude’ cannot be justified to be enough capable of turning the bulb/LED visibly ON. Because the initial current magnitude is a function of the distance of resistance from the switch. If you justify 4ma as a good value of current for an LED to glow, then please increase the distance between your copper ropes by two times of original, you will get a drastic change in this initial current.  I will tell you why your justifications don’t suit here. First, definitely, that has been brought here by some of your viewers through hijacking your brain and making you feel that you can always prove others wrong because that is evident in your recent videos.  Second, the effect which is responsible for some initial current in your setup was discovered by scientists years ago. The science is very simple. When you put two conductors close enough compared to their lengths, they are two antennas placed in the “near field” of each other. It provides a direct electromagnetic coupling between them. Further, when you switch ON the circuit, it generates an impulse which inherently carries a wide spectrum of frequencies. Out of this wide spectrum, some part matches to the mutual coupling of two conductors (parts of the same circuit in your case) and induces a certain voltage. You simply use a good-quality co-axial cable instead of two parallel copper rods. Put battery and switch at one end and the resistance at the other end and keep other settings as per your convenience.   Though I am not asserting, but, the way you adjusted the impedances, it looks like you are actively misleading the viewers. I hope you will re-conduct the experiment and put forward the true findings. That’s the way science grows. Readers of this comment are expected to put thumbs up or respond to this comment, of course, those who can comprehend this comment. So that this comment will be addressed and the channel we (at least I) like, will become more beneficial to its viewers.
Excellent, need to look in here more often. Always entertaining. You spoke of that you should have went into more depth - well not really, you showed that the audience is composed of some pretty sharp cookies, and even the ones that were totally wrong were paying attention and thinking about it pretty hard. Congrats to you and to your audience (both right and wrong)
If the conversation was about how MRNA “vaccines” work all the respondents would be silenced and deplatformed. This is a great time to stop and think about the roll of peer review in the scientific process and if we want a government “disinformation” department deciding what the truth is based on political reasoning.
Apology accepted.
This channel has lost all credibility at this point
Are you not entertained?
I kind of understood the point of the first video, especially after watching a few other people comment on some of the more confusing aspects of it. But this video helped even more.  But what I really want to see is a more real world explanation of how electricity works. You will never see anyone with a light bulb being powered by a battery connected with a loop of wire. The closest to that you would see is inside of a flashlight. That setup makes the fields easy to picture, but I want to understand how it works in a real world scenario: AC power being generated at a power plant, going through transmission lines, then hitting the transformer and going into my house and powering the lights, vacuum cleaner, computer, and everything else. The transformer part of it is the easiest piece to understand as the electromagnetic field around the first coil generates a field in the second coil without them touching each other, but trying to visualize that in a larger context is still a bit confusing.
Great people not only own up to their accomplishments, but also own up to their mistakes.
Best video ever made.
I want to see a similar circuit except right before the lightbulb the wire turns upwards with a new lightbulb added then comes back down to the first lightbulb. Thus we have a circuit with the new lightbulb that is "closer" by way of the wires but further away spatially.  From what I learned here I would expect the original lightbulb to light up first, then the new bulb, THEN the new bulb would reach full brightness first followed by the original bulb
So, what you are telling me is that I can charge my Tesla just by parking next to the substation?
Love this video -- the explanation was clear and enlightening -- more than a leak of enlightenment!
This is a great explanation of how electricity works on fields rather than in the physical wires. There are a few issues I still can't get over though. "turn on" is poorly defined since the basic assumption would be fully on when your definition is receives any amount of current. Saying it doesn't matter if the circuit is complete is also extremely misleading for the same reason as "turn on." At that point you could claim that a battery connected to two lengths of wire could induce a current in two more lengths of wire connected to a light. That might work for a small LED but not for much else. The issue is that the premise is riddled with assumptions and technicalities.
Commenting before the end, but wondering how this compares to a loop antenna.  We alternate the signal into the loop such that the field across it is also alternating, the size of the antenna chosen based on the speed of "light" in the material (c * velocity factor) so in, say 1/145500000s it has propagated around the distance.  But we use the whole length of the antenna loop.  Your analysis is of a step function not a steady state AC.   The animation you showed first seemed to fit the idea of propagation around the loop. I guess you're showing (As Ben's lower wire) energy what happens in a director or reflector on a Yagi antenna.
This totally explains EMPs and the Carrington event and is probably how Tesla thought about electricity too!
I'm glad more and more people are trying to better understand light and fields.   Our modern understanding is absolutely wrong. Ken Wheeler explains magnetiser and light perfectly. Check out his YouTube channel TheoriaApophasis
This just goes to show that nerds (I use that term lovingly) in any field will always find a way to fight with other nerds in that same field over the most minuscule details.
Thanks for clarifying this. Glad to see some healthy discourse online for once.
7:52 - Nice! That's the textbook I used for my Physics 2 class. All of our labs were in python too :) ! One of my favorite labs was modeling Faraday's law using a roll of tinfoil from the kitchen and a bar magnet. What was cool about this was how the gravitational field played a role in accelerating the magnet through the tinfoil roll, which in turn produced a current through the tinfoil roll--keeping the magnet at a terminal velocity. Beautiful demonstration of gravitational potential energy, electric potential energy, and kinetic energy all in one.
I love the concept of wireless electricity. Everywhere I look I see wires, tangles of wires dangling from all kinds of electrical devices. Any time I can get rid of a cluster of wires in my home I am ecstatic! Cable management can only do so much to elevate the visual wire pollution, trip, and fire hazards as well. Future EEs should concentrate on the elimination of this draconian method of energy delivery once and for all! If I recall correctly, Tesla had some advanced concepts on the subject a century ago...
There were a lot of better episodes. Sorry for dislike.
So what we have learned is poorly asking a question can result in conflicting correct answers :D
a great reminder that you can have an argument without being volatile and toxic, discuss facts and evidence without having a straw man, and above all else, create and experiment to find results!
And the question for those who say "aha, now I get it - it's all about fields!" - why exactly wires are good in "directing field"? And do electrons do something about it? )
THIS video wasn't an uncomfortable explanation!    My credentials?  I'm an armchair electrical engineer and quantum mechanic ( <- lol )  Now...  if your circuit was a circle instead of parallel lines, I expect it would show a different effect. AND ... two non-touching charged surfaces = a capacitor, so I'm not sure where that fits in.  the more I write, the more questions come up again.  dang!
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
In your Caltech experiment: do you think the oscilloscope harnesses for the generated signal and measurement do not affect the response time? What I’m getting at is that there is no true answer for this problem. It depends on the observer.
I try to forget wired diagrams, think of sound waves from an orchestra as the battery is connected to the wire but not the bulb,  this state is the orchestra is warming up, but its a mess as all are playing at once, once the conductor is in charge ‘the switch is on’ then conductor tunes the wave to play in the negative and positive directions and as these waves collide at the light bulb thus we have light.
Hm hm ok ok
What you really showed was a question, hypothesis, experimentation, conclusion and sharing the knowledge.  You and those that responded to your initial video, showed the Scientific method in all its brilliancy(pun intended). Plus I now understand electricity better. Thank you.
When truly tired, fools realize that a state of mind with neither fear nor safety is safer than when not tired and when using energy to feel safe: anxiety is defined.
I think this is a good place to stop, because you might get hurt by accidentality give the key of the free energy to the masses while educating them about the electricity. Great content!
Veritasium: "And I took that personal"
What I still dont understand. Why does it react to closing the "switch" when the other wire doesn't even need to be connected at all?
Phoenix guy nailed a video response with much longer wire. You're original video claimed the lightbulb would turn on and the truth is it wouldn't
I like it, eat popcorn and watch geniuses disagreeing :-D
These videos got people thinking, that's always a good thing. I never considered electricity in this way and i'm an electrical engineer.
That's the thing I love the most of the YT scientific/engineering comunity all responses were great, each one with their point of view and pretty goog basis!
So in simple terms, the initial energy is transfered by induction? Current creates a moving magnetic field, the moving magnetic field travels at speed of light to receiver and induces current in receiver?
Does this prove Nicola Tesla and the conspiracy theory of free electricity that can be transmitted through the air?
Neat
Jeez!.. When I watched the 1st video I was amazed to consciously realize, decades after my years studying to exhaustion Electrical Engineering in college, that the energy is actually carried by the fields. This 2nd video just put this in more context and showed that the Lumped Element Model is flawed, although it's also convenient, simple and elegant as well.. somehow (Maxwell's equations are WAY more elegant, but "lumpier" (pun intended) ). Thanks for this new video and conclusions. I loved it, even more than the 1st one.
Good work sir
This was a fantastic follow up
Those are not really "misconceptions" they are just different models representing a physical process. Those models have limits. This is Physics 101. You cannot apply the Drude model (the electricity being generated by the movement of electrons) for high frequency things (which you are in for the closing of a switch since that happens in ns), it's only valid for steady state and low frequency. Even less applying something as simple as basic circuit theory to a high frequency problem.  This the problem of removing all the maths from Physics explanations. Math is the common framework that ensure that we truly understand what we are saying. Without maths you can can say pretty much anything and no one can really prove you wrong, and as you say since it's "vague". If you had used some basic math, most Physics graduates could have pointed out: "yeah that equation breaks down here because it was derived from the Maxwell equation with the x, y assumptions which do not apply in a high frequency issue".  But with vagueness you get vague answers.
Oh, my God. Derek is incorrigible :) Now it is "positive atom cores, exposed on the surface of the wire". Christ! The whole "metallic color" of the wire and photoelectric effect are against it. Sounds like electricity isn't for you :)
Once again, the word "actually" makes a useless, unnecessary appearance.  Sad
I strive to be as educated as you
I just love how by challenging Derek's assertions, and by his acknowledging those challenges, those creators now have at least one more viewer in me. And I'm sure plenty more than me, also.
And to think that Tesla was familiarized with this phenomenon...
Mistitled video. This is only a  theory that explains alot about electricity in a simple circuit, but not everything.
In PCB design we call it “crosstalk” 👏👏👏👏
The truth is...
If there were 3 different loads on the wire, such that one was on the positive side of the source voltage, one on the negative, and the third in the direct center of the wire, which would illuminate first?
New video title: How to humbly and devastatingly own your naysayers and prove them wrong by still being educational and non aggressive
That was an electric episode ⚡️
Now I have to undo whatever I have learnt!!!! 🙄
Interesting.  So really, when we say "electricity" we are ultimately talking about our capacity to influence subtle ethereal flows *beyond* electrons, and electrons just move in the river like dragged boulders.  Since they are the largest moving particles, we have attributed the process to their motions in a colloquial sense, but simultaneously confusing the issue regarding what is actually occurring.  These flows being composed of subtle particles which we cannot detect and only recognize as collective "fields."    This means electricity is really our first attempt at controlling the ether.  It flows best through dense materials that are gravitationally able to influence the subtler particles more than systems made of lower atomic mass particles, making wires useful.  But, recognizing this is indeed our control of ethereal flows, it is likely that we can do the same by focusing subtle flows with dense lenses and cause precise ethereal trajectories like lasers that do not dissipate across distances (if even needed to be at a distance, if such a device existed it could be on every electronic device directly as a simple lens inserted), causing ethereal flows able to ultimately power a device by focusing ethereal particles onto its necessary components.  We call these things by different names, but its just particles all the way down (and up), ad infinitum.  There must be a way to make power with dense metal lenses.  This aspect of how electricity works only reinforces such.
This seems bit like the Monty Hall problem — there are a couple of seemingly minor nuances in the semantics or assumptions of the question that have a dramatic effect on which answer is right.  In this follow-up, @Veritasium glosses over the part that I think most people (certainly me) get stuck on: the relevance of whether the wires are connected.  If it is not relevant and we are just talking about a minor amount of electricity flowing through the field and causing a sensitive bulb to turn on, then this seems more like a demonstration of "neat, switching on a small amount of electricity can turn on a bulb a meter a way through the resulting electrical field, even when they are not wired together" rather than the original point, which was more along the lines of "when I flip the switch, the distance from the switch to the bulb is what determines when the bulb turns on, and not the length of the wires".  This would have been much clearer if he had simply rerun the experiment with the wires disconnected and then demonstrated that the same result happens (but without the increase to full power that comes in a moment later). Based on his explanation about the irrelevance of the wires being connected, I'm assuming that's what would have happened. And that is the heart of the confusion/controversy, but it just seems like an afterthought in this follow-up video.  I still love watching the videos, though. And despite his sub-optimal explaining in both videos, I think the reaction this whole thing has generated is simply wonderful. He's flipped a switch and a bit of understanding and confusion has rippled through the internet at light speed, and hopefully a deeper understanding will follow as it makes its way along the wires.
man, I wish I was taught this in high school.  I've been going through my whole life thinking electricity worked like the simple diagram we all know from our textbooks.
Another mind-blowing explanation. Including your real intentions at the end. Full respect! Keep it up
So then would the charge still remain if you had the circuit short...  Or would you have to appeal to a higher short?
This hurts my brain.... Must take a nap and try to understand later
If youtube had censored all the responses to your video, for how dare one ask a question, we would have no need for this one.  Good thing you were not talking about the transmission of a virus.  Or were you? .....  Seriously, I very much appreciate your revisit and you taking responsibility for some missteps.  Great example for us all.
This is probably the best science *thing* in recent memory, and there's enough material to make a science video just talking about the scientific process that happened between the previous video and this one. It was great to see the shoutouts to the other channels and the debate that happened. Ben Watson especially seems like a really smart guy who's going to come up with some great ideas.
This sa good shits...
Science is all about experiment thought & debate. Unfortunately YouTube is now more about telling other people that you're wrong... Keep thinking experimenting and talking to your fellow scientists V. You're doing good stuff!
Maxwell managed to explain electricity behaviour to humanity, you managed to finally explain it comprehensively to all kind of audience. Félicitations
RF Engineers quietly eating popcorn.
The fact that an open circuit could turn on the bulb (until it 'realizes' it's not closed) is most mind blowing 😧
Hi Derek. I watched many of the other vidéos you mentionned in your credits. That's what I love about science, people talk, exchange views, and find a general concensus
This is call as real science 😀😀 hats off 👍👍👍
Why do I get shocked if I touch a wire that I cut?
Why does the light shut off if I cut the wire?
Why don't bulbs light up if your wire is broken?
Best retaliation video ever. I'm 'shocked' how well executed it was : )
Is this what Nikola Tesla was using when lighting up wireless bulbs in a field?
This isn't drama but rather he's just shedding some light on the situation...
So if the light gets a little energy at first and the rest after the circuit confirms it’s complete then if you put multiple lights on a circuit and they each get the first bit in order of distance from the source then will they obtain the last energy in order from distance from the source, in order that they’re placed along the circuit, or at the same time?  Also does this work in reverse, as in if the lights are fully powered because the circuit is confirmed and you disconnect the circuit anywhere will the lights turn off based off the physical distance of the disconnect, or physical distance from the source or based off positioning in the circuit relative to either? Will they turn off a little until the circuit is confirmed disconnected then turn off fully? So many questions
You say that wires "channel the fields " in a circuit but I would say that wires "guide the waves " in a circuit .
Brilliant
This was all super fascinating! thx for the clarification
This is so great.
I guess the biggest problem came from the fact that "the lightbulb lights up" in most people's vocabulary means it is working at the same power as the stable state but Veritasium meant it as it has any nonnegligible power.
Nice save :)
Can you expand on wire gauge and why that matters and creates the heat?
Saying "energy is carried by fields, not electrons" is like saying "energy is carried by gravity, not by the water molecules in the river" and is equally wrong.  Also, congratulations, you've discovered electromagnetism. What you didn't do is carry useful power from the source to the load.   What you've shown is that changes in electric fields propagate at the speed of light  and that electrically-non-negative matter rearranges itself with the respect to the net electric field. You've picked up noise and you're claiming it's the signal. It isn't. Yes, wires are antennas and pick up stuff. Using an LED is cheating since it emits light at minuscule current and would stay lit a bit for a brief moment even if wires were disconnected. With your setup, time it would stay barely lit would indicate what distance the wires run together. This obviously isn't "turned on". Yes, you can know that something happened around you by the change in the field but you can't power a car with it and, by your experiment, it seems, neither an LED.
14:45 Its shows that energy actually flows OUT of that Load there, and the Poynting vectors turn IN the direction of the load AFTER that wave goes through the entire wire. For the expirement part its very interesting to see not only voltage signal but to measure current there as well, considering the directions.
Great, man! Tnksss!
I dont think the first video was a mistake. i could not believe it and searched and watched other videos and finally watched your summary. Just go on doing what you do ;)
So... Ordinary 60 W lightbulb would NOT turn on. You made two incredibly tedious videos explaining antenna.
Explaining the electrical resistance with collisions of electrons with atoms sounds intuitive, but isn't physically correct. In reality the electrons collide with phonons and lattice defects. This can be seen for example in the temperature dependence of electrical resistance.
This is why you can be so trusted. You'll call out your mistakes and add clarification where needed when you're right, but unclear
you say that the circuit creates elecrtic zone across the area. It means we can light N number of bulbs in the zone without wires?
Only if we assume electrons exist, which was never been proven.
As a EEE graduate, this made me smile remembering my uni days. I’ve moved on to cloud computing but glad stuff like this still appears in popular vids. Btw for those who aren’t familiar and did not have C.C. enabled, its Poynting vector not pointing ;) Covered under electromagnetism courses which were a nightmare lol...
In the same way you can choose light bulb which can be turn on by leakage current and say that answer is "before you turn on the switch". "Shines little bit" is not enough for me to consider something ON.
This is like The Baghdad House of Wisdom but a YouTube version.
so this is where sheldon cooper works
I remember a long time ago reading about.. having wires at the same length as waves of light and what that does is conduct that wave making electricity. The information said it was more efficient than standard methods for solar power. Might be a cool thing to look at because I'm guessing it's just practical limitations holding that one back.   But all the talk of em fields and wires reminded. I'd imagine it works as one side of the wave hits the wire it creates an imbalance of charge or something? Or is there an even more interesting explanation?  But surely even making that a possibility would negate the need for fusion to be our solution to climate change. Nice to have options.
So whose the reincarnation of Charles Proteus Steinmetz here? Haha. Some of this video reminds me of the very earliest days when they were trying to figure out why random bolts of electricity would jump off power poles and cause fires or electrocute people.
You built an antenna
Great video Derek! Thank you for putting in the time and effort to clarify this phenomenon!
So, you were talking about antennas and not circuits in the original video. OK.
I learned about this in Electrical Engineering so I knew you where right in the first video, but it really lacked a bit on the explanation side. It got a little confusing even though I knew where you were trying to get. The response videos people made got me furious cause they were distorting the arguments you made to "prove" what they believed, but their explanations were so much wrong. This video however settled your argument in a way no one can refute. You sir speak the truth and your videos are awesome!
You just invited everyone to discover the hidden
Great job with the misleading video, as always! Don’t worry about being called out! Just change the argument in your rebuttal for the sake of winning it. Can’t wait for the next one!
V = IR pretends that R is constant wrt I, which is almost never true, but is good enough in practice :)
Wait till they start plagiarizing centuries old discoveries by dead REAL scientists and start making money off of their work by claiming new discoveries have been made through this "evolutionary" mindset that they all have🙄. Good thing a nuke is about to go off.😒and good riddance.
Watching this I can't help to think how hard is to communicate scientific knowledge vs how easy is to spread lies and misinformation. The world is now split on vaxers and anti-vaxers because of this.  Thanks for explaining this so well.
I love how most people simply accept gravitational field because that is the most intuitive explanation we have. But having hard time understanding electric field because current is an easier explanation.
Too Long Didn't Get Confused: This is an open air transformer with a 1:1 ratio.
My feelings say this is not true. Science is racist and therefore youre wrong.
20 volts, in a super conductor wire? Emitting light with the LED in the very beginning and booming it after 1 sec when the big waves of power rushed through the LED
So, does this only work if the charges have spread out from the battery well before the switch is ever flipped? Because if instead of flipping a switch, you connected the battery at the time you wanted to lightbulb to turn on, the wires would not already have their surfaces charged as expected. I feel like this would be especially relevant in a line as long as 300km or a light second or however long it was in the initial experiment
Does this explain how the fluorescent tubes light up under the electric pylons in the art installation by Richard Box?
Thank you for the clarification. Can you try your experiment with coaxial cables instead or wires? I wonder why the knowledge in this video never got to me from any class. I suppose this level of antenna radiation is too hardcore for someone with a PhD, even though I know the basic rules to design a PCB. Your previous video had a vague characterisation of your thought setup, if you leave too much for the imagination, then people will imagine different things, even myself. Glad to have this sorted out. What I though is that the wires were perfectly isolated, hence why I suggest using coaxial cables
I thought electricity was drawn out or sucked not the other way around. Same as wind is pressure that sucks not blows. If you look at a conventional filament bulb flickering away at 50Hz we can't see it flickering unless we use peripheral vision. Does electricity not travel above a conductor, not actually through it so with CPU's using nm so small with a cranked up clock it can exit the physical boundaries of the chip having surpassed the limit of the material used, silicone. The truth is nobody does fully understand how electricity works we just know enough to use it effectively and safely. Stay positive. Don't let negativity drain you. This is too complicated for me. I have a balloon to help rescue.
Electricity is driven by a dosage of nuclear energy particles also known as sub atomic particles that moves electrons by the dosage of nuclear positive charge of atoms when electrons are out of orbit causing an atom to have less electrons or an electron that is above its normal orbit...Its all particles in motion exchanging energy with atoms molecules and compounds or connected atoms...its so simple to understand that everything is just particles in motion interacting...lyj2022
Nice conclusion, it was a really cool discussion following the video. In the end, I think my original comment that this was a problem of unstated assumptions still applies. It was a lesson I had to have hammered into me too during my undergrad.
the best example I ever heard was from a man who lived close to high voltage lines. His fence(metal) created a current he could use to power his home.
I'm surprised the HVDC transmission crew didn chime in, in all this.
The issue isn't with your science, the issue was with the presentation of the original video.  Things were intentionally vague and unclear.  Like back-tracking what lightbulb should be used is great, but it was fairly explicit what portions of the experiment were supposed to have no basis in reality an what did.  You said specifically the car battery and that bulb in your hand, and that only the wires were stand-in.
It's amaizing that "by doing a mistake" you created a space to discuss ideas an better inform the non so technical public.
But what creates the surface  charge and how?
I'm by no means a highly intelligent person, but I am an engineering graduate and have some degree of ability to understand technical topics. I find the explanations are a bit circular in logic, often using references to things that are more complicated to understand to get the point across, and that, if the viewer understood the reference they wouldn't need the explanation in the first place.   The first video was misleading. I recall him saying quite matter of factly, that  "After I close the switch, the light bulb will turn on almost instantaneously" (11:56). If that's not what was meant to be said, or if that would have only been true for very specific conditions, then why was it said? If the intent was to say that the lightbulb would instantaneously experience some degree of energy, far greater than leakage current, then that should have been said. I get that this was intended to be a thought experiment and the light turning on wasn't supposed to be important... but it wasn't presented that way.   In this second video, I was annoyed by the language "That is not what I said" and "Let me be clear about what I am claiming".  YES - please be clear about what you are claiming, and don't say "that's not what I said" when you were saying misleading things to begin with. In this video you clarify that only an "appropriate device" would turn on, like that was something obvious and that we all should have just known. It felt like I was tricked.   You said in this video that "The magnitude of energy is important, a lot of people thought it would be negligible"... yes, it's important and it WOULD be negligible in the context that you presented in the first video, in that it would not have been enough to light that light bulb. The question should not have been "How long will it take for us to get light at the light bulb?" as the ONLY correct answer would have been "What kind of battery and light bulb are you using". The question should have been along the lines of "how long would it take energy to reach the light bulb, and would it be enough to turn it on?".  Kudos to the lesser known channels that offer clear explanations and can do so without the luxury of accessing experts to participate in their productions. Those channels deserve more.
Very cool!
Also, there's still not really an explanation about how and why the charges on the surface of the wire are different to the charges inside the wire.  What is it about a surface that makes the charges different?
I saw some of those electrons in my kitchen one time. They passed right by the lattice and went for the lettuce i was trying to make a salad with. But now the salad is covered in electrons wiggling on the lettuce and it looks bad. These electrons moving on the lettuce look like bugs all over. Not the worst of it. The Salad Croutons were destroyed by the electrons so I used salad Neutrons to replace the croutons but the electrons Lattice changed the neutrons to protons so no croutons.  Did not get into the dressing yet at least. Thus Causality was confirmed as I called Sally to confirm causality.
ooooh now i get it
So presumably the current would fall off to about 2.226 V at 2 meters between the wires?
At 2 minutes enough already. YouTube please cut this mans revenue.
Now relate this to the fields emotions give off in humans and pass to one another
wouldn't bit flips be frequent because of the gap between components in an IC based on this ?
Hollyshit you were right!!! 🤣😂 I didn't believe what you said at first because it didn't make sense... Especially the causality point.... Now  i understand why it works just fine...and very logical!!! What blows my mind is that we could figure out all of this underlying reality even when simplification works just fine
Yay! Finally a great video!
I just love to see how people who sit in chairs and cry in the camera get rekt and how the guys with actual work done support the right answer. Perfect way of representing our times.
I'm sorry, but I still don't think this has been explained properly.  I'm seeing contradictions.  First you say there is no charge gradient in the wire.  Taken over a distance of a few protons, there are as many electrons as there are protons so the charges cancel out.  Then you go on to draw a diagram showing a charge gradient.   Then you explain the heating effect in the element by moving electrons bumping into protons.  You already said that all electrons are bouncing about at the speed of light, the electric field only adds less than 0.1mm/s.  So why does this 0.1mm/s cause heating when the speed of light does not?  I don't doubt that your main point is correct, it's just the explanation that I'm not following.
example at 13:00 has me confused. how is the second circuit different to the first cirtcuit before the switch is closed. ie if the bulb can light up without a complete circuit, why do you need to flip the switch to turn on the light?
I don’t totally understand, but I’m having a good time.
OSHA!  OSHA!!  🤣 Great video guys!   Shared this around the office at avispl.   Everyone has enjoyed how far you took this!
So question.  Instead of using rectangle with the switch and bulb a meter apart, let's separate them by a lot.  Consider a circle. One that is 1 light second in diameter with the switch and bulb opposite each other.  The switch is closed.  The electric field would reach the bulb in 1 second lighting it looooong before the current ever reaches it?    The reason I ask is due to electric field strength.  Current is very slow, I know that. (If it were current that carries the energy, it would take hours to go from the switch to the light fixture in a typical home setup.)  However, going off the inverse proportion rule of strength vs distance, field strength drops off very quickly.  So what I have trouble conceptualizing is that the electric field is still strong enough when it reaches a bulb, for example, to light it.  For example, in a house, a switch and lamp are 30 feet away from each other. The switch is thrown. How is the electric field still strong enough to light the lamp essentially instantly at 30 feet away?  What if it's a ballroom where the switch and lamp are 500 feet away?  How is the field still strong enough to essentially light the lamp instantly at 500 feet?  Are the electric fields created by common indoor wiring so INSANELY strong that they are still strong enough to light bulbs/power appliances/etc at great distances?
Very interesting
Dude... You should be so proud, you went from teaching inertia to common folks on street to this. But the method is still the same. It is so much fun. This whole experience.  It was like how great scientists of the past used to have claims and then public experiments+theoritical work to resolve them
The wire has the data the energy needs before they go to do their job :) 😅
So how long has science known the the proper way this happens but yet the majority of the education system still teaches that electrons flow from negative to positive and we visualize energy in that way?
Such an epic video. Thanks Derek for wonderful contents.
I feel this is just slightly wrong. Assuming copper is a perfect conductor, the electric field is ZERO everywhere in the wire except at the resistor (bulb). A random ads electron flowing in a circuit is indeed pushed along the wire by other electrons because there's no field pushing it around. But the majority of your argument seems correct anyway. However in real life you cannot neglect inductance and in the large astronomical size circuit this may be large.
Muhammad Ali would still say he could be in bed before the room got dark.
0:17 yes I remember that. One of the only times I can recall you being absolutely incorrect.   And I get the feeling you're about to double down. Bro come on man. You're just digging that hole deeper.  I don't know why you can't just admit your error.
Pls do a vid on what makes a field of research scientific, anti science narratives and alternative medicine, probably a collab with prof Dave explains and some other science communicator channels would be nice on international science day.
Are you saying we can operate a light bulb no matter if the circuit is broken or not? Well, isn’t a switch also a broken circuit in some way??
Brilliant!
This is really good. An true explanation on this ☺
This video should have ended on 12th min
I love it when an experiment shuts everyone up. I love the discussion and extra explanation though.
So if we don’t need wires, why can’t we do Tesla wireless energy?
my brain hurts
So, what you are saying is that if I have a battery connected to a light bulb by an electrical wire and another wire next to it connected to another light bulb the other light bulb will glow as well? I'm pretty sure that won't happen since that would mean all light bulbs in a house (or even the on whole planet) would either be on or off at the same time. What am I not getting right here?
Thank you 🙏, you still are one of the best in physics explanations 👏👏👏
looking forward to the appolegie video's
How could the light bulb come on even if the circuit is broken?
This video gave me a better understanding of how electric and magnetic fields interact than any other explanation I've ever seen.
You handled the objections to the original video like a pro—others should take note. Just saying! 👏
Why did they build the circuit so high off the ground?
matter and interactions S2
The thing that's so messed up about this, is that most US education system (I know it from the 3 universities I've been to, and from many confused posts in physics stack exchange with bogus answers) doesn't teach this sort of stuff. I'm a grad student in physics, and I find the textbooks do way too much cheating arguments. While simple cheating argument is fine to teach, the true explanation should at least be roughly covered so student know that there is more to the story. I feel most professors don't even know the true explanations. 1. This surface charge is one example.  2. Another example is why electrons only occupy energy eigenstate in statistical mechanics. The true answer to this involves time average, but it's never taught. 3. Another example is why is there electrical resistence at all. The textbook explanation is electrons in Block states are scattered and thermalized when colliding with defect or phonon. This is a cheating argument because phonons would then carry momemtum and push the next electron. Another way of seeing the problem is that a closed system between phonon and electron conserve momentum, the lose of total momentum has to come from surface, mostly at the two ends. 4. Another example is why super conductor has no resistence. The textbook: there is an energy gap so there is no where for electron to scatter, is just bad, because it would then be an insolator. The true answer: the gap and BCS state we typically calculate is only at net momentum = zero. There is one BCS state for every net momentum below the gap... meaning the electrons can only be accelerated collectively as condensate. And this collective condensate has extremely small scattering matrix with defect because the interaction is one-particle-one-particles, not one-condensate-one-particle, ie the chance of changing all electrons within the condensate at once, is small. There are so many cheating arguments in textbooks, I think it creates confusion/misunderstanding more than the convenience. While simple cheating argument is fine to teach, the true explanation should at least be roughly covered so student know that there is more to the story.
I think we should take a closer look at Tesla's understanding of electricity. He was somewhat critical of the ideas of Maxwell, Einstein & Hertz (he called their theories "beggars in velvet garb"). Nothing is set in stone. Hence, we should try and find the truth, especially when governments and educational institutions are sequestering away knowledge from the public.
A model must be chosen not for its coolness, but for its usefullness. You cant ask people to think about capacitive coupling as the main mechanism at play instead of a simple V=IR, not because it is more complex, but because it doesnt add meaning to the results, it shifts the focus so that more components get fried :) If i design a DC circuit, i should focus on the steady state DC, period. If i dont, it breaks. Why should i care about your Poynting stuff, to understand the nature of reality? In reality this effect is neglegible, and if you cared about the depth of understanding, you woud say that. You dont, so, you are clearly chasing a wow-effect, not the depth of understanding and expansion of metaphorical modeling toolkit people use to explain reality.  But "How Electricity Actually Works For First Nanoseconds And This Effect Doesnt Change Nothing About Everyday Electronics Apart From Distracting People" would make for a boring title, i guess.
A model must be chosen not for its coolness, but for its usefullness. You cant ask people to think about capacitive coupling as the main mechanism at play instead of a simple V=IR, not because it is more complex, but because it doesnt add meaning to the results, it shifts the focus so that more components get fried :) If i design a DC circuit, i should focus on the steady state DC, period. If i dont, it breaks. Why should i care about your Poynting stuff, to understand the nature of reality? In reality this effect is neglegible, and if you cared about the depth of understanding, you woud say that. You dont, so, you are clearly chasing a wow-effect, not the depth of understanding and expansion of metaphorical modeling toolkit people use to explain reality.  But "How Electricity Actually Works For First Nanoseconds And This Effect Doesnt Change Nothing About Everyday Electronics Apart From Distracting People" would make for a boring title, i guess.
The arrow in the thumbnail, horrible.
Ok short answer. The original idea was a trick question. The wire length has nothing to do with it. The new idea is that the distance between the switch and the light is the only thing that matters. So if the wires were not 1m apart everything else would be right. The trick here is the 1m distance. So its a worthless exercise with no real world use. I would have rather heard about how long it took for a switch on earth connected to the moon by 1 wire how long it would take.
I believe the biggest problem with the first video was that it was implied that the the lightbulb was lit with full power after 1/c seconds.
So to me, it does seem that Derek was wrong in his initial video. He would have bee right if he said a wire will induce a current in another wire if placed close. In all honesty it was Dereks initially vague statement that caused this discussion and I think he has ended up on the wrong side of it.  If he was right the step change should be the full 100% of the source voltage. Why wouldn't it be if this is the only way electricity flows? There are two mechanisms at play here. 1. The one Derek has been relying on all the time: transmitting energy wirelessly just like a radio etc. 2. DC conducted current flow through wires forming a circuit.  The test demonstrates this perfectly at the end. The first step shows the AC components transmitted from and induced between the source and receiver wires. This voltage is low due to the low coupling between them. Second, after the 30ns of the speed for light to travel through the loop, we see the full DC source voltage...
I think what a lot of people miss is that at the end of the day these are all just models of reality. The "electrons flowing through wires" model is very successful because it is a) easy to conceptualize and understand (try imaging this for complicated circuits, schematics vs. actual layout) and b) gives accurate results for a lot of practical applications when you don't need to consider super tiny timescales. This is not my area of specialty but I imagine even this model of electricity is probably subsumed by another quantum one that better predicts reality in certain corner cases. I wish we stopped teaching things like "This is How X ACTUALLY works" and instead "here is a more detailed model that' better correlates with certain observations". “All models are wrong, but some are useful
I still think Mehdi's explanation from ElectroBoom was more accurate and correct. He even predicted small current from the start.
Thanks now i am going to destroy my high school teacher during physics lecture 😌.
Everybody is learning. Lump model is the key word for all this mess. Just remember when Mehdi was questioning Walter Lewin. But as Medhi said, your question was tricky since the beginning, so you kinda asked for it. Lol
20:24 Glad you kept Alpha Pheonix there man👍
13:35 Can someone please tell me if there were two light bulbs, one in the circuit - the wire above - and one outside of the circuit - the wire below - if both of them would light up? If it is an electromagnetic field making the light bulb light up, both of them should work. Or not?
11:40, um actually, c is not a unit, its a constant. So its either    "1" divided by "c" with units implied    or   "1 m" divided by "c m/s".
I'm in my last year on EE and this is the first time I hear about the surface charge model. Even though in microwave engineering and antennas class we did learn about transmission lines and maxwell equations, I had never really got the underlying concept. Thanks for the visual explanation!
Very interesting experiments and explanations! My electronics professor at Eindhoven University warned us that we should never believe anything else than that electrons are little green balls 😄. My question is how would you explain semiconductors? No electrons and holes? All by EM fields?
Please, please continue to blow my mind.
Be proud you are getting sniped at!  In your case, it means you are the biggest deal.  Plenty of Pat Garrett’s out there looking to take down Billy the Kid.
Hi Derek, I would like to share an idea for a veritasium episode about hydrogen gas production with no energy input. I know it is a crazy idea and violates the laws of thermodynamics, but I did the experiment 40 years ago when I was at the university and still have not been able to find an answer..
Please make a video on determinism and free will, sir.
Engineers totally can't get what a thought experiment is, they believe to know more because they touch things with their hands, but instead they know far less than they believe to know
Another missed opportunity.  The title of this video should have been “How Antennas Actually Work”.   He needed to walk back the entire original video, but he didn’t.  He kind of admits his failure near the end, but he didn’t go far enough.  This is too bad since we need trusted science communicators.  Hubris has been the downfall of many people.
Well the fact that the magnetic fields carry energy is right consider how transformers work.
This video seems to me like just a rehash of alpha phenix's video, but props to including him last minute in the video where people tend to skip ahead.    Still, I think increasing the parasitic capacitance with a larger diameter copper tube is kind of a cheat. With a small diameter wire the initial voltage bump should have been more subtle.
What's the distinction between "electrons push each other through the wire" and "electrons create an electric field on the wire which generates current"? You're using terminology from a lower, more precise terminology, but they're describing the same thing as far as I can tell.
Devil magic.
No one lost man, we learnt a lot along this way.
Did Veritasium every respond to Thunderf00t debunking his older video?
I feel like the first video could have been almost entirely fixed by acknowledging that the almost instantaneous current would be some small, but real, fraction of the final current.
Need a better explanation of what the “field” is.  I’m assuming a quantum field?
Still doesn't make sense to me. It seems to work in a simple circuit, where you have one source of energy and aligned wires, but electronic circuits, like the extremely complex circuits in a computer board and chips, wouldn't be able to operate if electricity worked that way.Just look at how transistors work. There are no magnetic fields pushing electrons, It's all about positive and negative charged materials.
Anybody critical or skeptical of science should watch and learn how this conversation has progressed. Props to Derek and the other Youtube creators for a beautiful demonstration of the scientific method.
Can we come up with a relationship between the information transmitted through the field, and the information received by the supply from the wire?   If we give 1m/c a unit of time (N)  at 2N information about the resistance of 2 meters of wire has returned to the supply (from each pole) while the initial impulse has travelled through 4 meters of wire.  Shouldn't the current change as the impulse passes through more wire?  The oscilloscope seems to suggest that the current remains constant (because the voltage remains constant) for a period when the resistance observed from the perspective of the supply is changing.   Why does it remain flat during that period prior to the impulse making it around the loop
Funny how we got people who dismissed it from experience and people who did the experiment and experienced what was being present
Thanks for the clarification (and the humility!) You are awesome!🤓
Great video!  It is so cool to be forced to look at the world as it really works instead of relying solely on the tricks and shortcuts we use to keep sane.  Many thanks!  Now...where do I go to find that video on how to wire up the lamp in my bedroom!  :D
Just so you know, I liked the first thumbnail more, and was fully planning on watching the video before you changed it. So there.
I'm just glad that Derek pointed out how the field theory has equivalent representation in circuit theory with capacitance. I think that's enough to satiate most of the people who called the original video misleading. Saying that, 15mW at 5 volts mean its 3mA current - Even for an LED, that's pretty low. However I think the biggest flaw of the original thought experiment was that it did not parameterise the voltage of the battery and  the shape and resistance of the wire (even super conductors have resistance). While anybody would agree that you would see some current due to capacitance, whether it would light a bulb would depend on the voltage.
I wish I was smart enough to understand this lol
Yaay! Electromagnetism is so cool.
Great Explanation! And it totally clears all my doubts from the first video.  I have one more question though. If Electric fields in and around the wires are the reason for "current" as we know it, then why don't they leak into other circuits that are completely disconnected. We only observer such phenomenon with magnetism (that is changing EF). But shouldn't I just be able to Circuit B with no battery very close to Circuit A with battery and expect the EF created in Circuit A to propagate to Circuit B?
What if the resistor is not in the middle, then how will electric field distribute ? Will it (electric field ) be zero in middle ?
oh i get it
I love how mathematicians create their own problems then they fight each other solving it lol     (for all sweaty people out there that’s a joke)
oh man, being able to see this whole project and how it spreaded out it's mind blowing. I think we don't fully notice because we're living it, but this way of learning science, things topically consider boring, but that have reached 3,5 million views in less than a week, it's a real game changer. I don't even watch TV channels anymore, who decided to focus on just pure entertainment because supossedly nobody cared about this type of content. We should never be so sure about our own asumptions.
Awesome
. i think you failed to explain how you generate that electrical field whithout moving any electrones . In real life you eather use mechanical device that excides electrones or some sort of an ion interaction . So basically in order to have that electrical field you first need that electrone to produce it :)
So, you should say the speed of light flowing in metal solid state. We now know the speed of light changes from media to media and it is a potential miss carried information to simply say speed of light. However it still being the speed of light but flowing in metal media. I think you missed the opportunity to explain where the energy is lost or used in your circuit if electrons leaving the battery are the same density as it is returning to the battery.  Thank you for your time doing this.
So what would happen if you did this experiment with the battery and wires at 90 degrees to each other. This would demonstrate that magnetic induction is not playing a significant role.
Alot if this is a case of the old, "you don't know what you don't know".  Thank-you for your video.
Wow, I loved to see that whole thing unfold. Smart people in the internet arguing, and in the end, everyone goes home a bit smarter.
This… this is what science is all about. Thought experiment, theory, peer review, experiment. Well done everyone.
Just how a lightning bolt is produced.
i know from personal experience you can just wrap extension cords around a powerline without connecting any wires and it will provide a current to the extension cord...... yes i just told you all how to get free power but know this, you still need to stabilize the current before you are able to use it to power any electrical devices...... good luck and enjoy the free zaps trying to copy me 🤣
Love the KSP soundtrack
I would argue about battery, that moves electrons through itself (est. 7:00). As I imagine, in charged battery it is sort of a vacuum, charge vacuum, and like with airflow, that moves from high pressure point to low, electrons move from high density points to low until equilibrium. When equilibrium reached, we can say that battery is discharged.
21:10 Re. Rick Hartley about fields is 100% correct for high speed PCB design. But that does NOT apply at DC, not at all, not even one tiny bit. Riddle me this. Let's go extreme and say you have a 100mm diameter copper conductor at pure DC delivering a small amount of power to a load, say 1W. No transients, no nothing, pure steady state DC into a resistive load. Is there NO energy WITHIN the wire? None? It's all on the OUTSIDE of the wire in the fields at DC? Really? REALLY? The classicial field theory math might work, but it doesn't pass the sniff test at DC. Quantum Electrodynamics and probability that the energy is within the wire better passes the sniff test at DC.
Please make a video about Differential equations.
it's electric! Boogie Woogie Woogie!
With Sheilded grounded wire it can't work like this :)
To be fair, ElectroBOOM was clearly messing with you just for fun.
I thought it was obvious that it was the electric field moving energy in the last video.
Where was your mistake from the video before now? You basically just proved that your video was correct?
It seems to me the part you're omitting is the difference between dc and ac. The transient you're looking at is change in current and creates an EM field as do ac currents that constantly change. The steady state dc circuit, not so much. No one worries about testing EMI produced by steady state dc circuits. If the energy is all produced by electric fields, then why do batteries discharge? Why do dc loads get hot? Also, if you're claiming the electric field is disconnected from the magnetic field during a transient, as you do in one part of this vid, then your beef is with Maxwell, as best I recall from his work, they're mutually dependent. A wireless charger works by inducing a varying magnetic field from the charger into the device that presumably cuts a coil, creates an electric field that induces a voltage/current in the coil that can be rectified to charge the device. Anyway, nice discussion of transmission lines. The Ansys simulations of the fields was pretty awesome. The surface charge bit was interesting too. I need to dig into that a little more.
Sir i have questions why we not crush by atmospheric pressure for my search it tell because of blood pressure inside our body which cancel it ,if this is true then a dead body must be crush. Please make a video about this topic so we understand what the fact that happens behind it.
What if the light is very far away would it still be able to light up the light
I like the fight, even if they are wrong but the debate is good. This debate is far far far far better then debates which are been having on gender existence. I mean thats just plain BS. This debate actually gives me hoe that real science is still being taken seriously
Clicked on this thinking I might finally learn how electricity works. Left 2 minutes in knowing I never will.
Tesla towers, when?
It is great to see discussion and debate like this. However, I also find it alarming that so few truly understand electrical theory. I obtained two degrees in engineering while in the military (mechanical and electrical), and also spent around 7 years working as a 94F Computer Detection Systems Repairer. I'm now a civilian IT professional and computer programmer. I STILL did not know the inner workings of electrical theory this clearly, until now. My instructors did not have such a clear understanding, either.  You are doing good things. Keep up the excellent work!  Further, you talked me into a Brilliant subscription. Going to be doing some delving over this year.
At this point I'm thinking that Derek deliberately misleads people in the first video in order to elicit a response, thus enabling him to make a further video and garner more views.  For me, the implication from the first video was that the lightbulb would come on FULLY in 1m/c, not just that a smaller current would be induced.
Way to invoke a massive peer review. Grats!
Those damn youtuber trolls lol
Wrong - Your statement at 13:24 "The bulb will not illuminated regardless if the circuit is complete or not". This is incorrect mate. Technically the globe will illuminate, but the battery circuit needs to be completed from positive to negative or no electic field will be generated.  Where is the load in the broken circuit? Electrons are not flowing so the globe can not illuminate.
Just for clarification:  If the wires are 2 meters apart, they'll take double the amount of time to turn on the light bulb (obvious), but what about the current we'll be able to measure? Shouldn't that decrease quadratically with the distance? Meaning that at 2x the distance we'll only measure 1/4 of the current before, since everything is transported by the electromagnetic field around the wire, which should steadily decrease with distance, right?
Keep going and you can bankrupt the copper and banking industry and "revive" Tesla
Thanks for the follow up video. It’s clear that there is little intuitive understanding of electricity, so some simplification is required in the general world. But this really helped to clear things up
So does the behaviour of a circuit change if you space out the wires or if you have them together?  And can you turn on a bulb not conected? Wouldnt all the lights in your house turn on at once? (theoretically)  Yes phones can charge wirelessly but each circuit is closed. What you are saying is that you can transmit power with open circuits? Can you open a circuit by messing with the fields?
This makes me fairly concerned about the massive and ever-increasing amount of EM energy we pump out continuously.
King behavior for letting the other channels a ladder down when they're just wrong.
I'm quite surprised most people did not know what you talked about. I learned it early in grade school mabye 3rd or 4th grade.
This is only marginally better than the previous video (mostly better animation). The issue is the causality red herring introduced by light second circuit (and not even that particular shape of parallel wire, and that bizarrely inefficient local radio transmitter). So why nor comparing the current with and without a closed circuit ? Why not even cutting the circuit into a thousandth piece, if "it makes no difference ?" Last time I checked charge and fields are two faces of the same coin. Electing one as more fundamental is not good science.
You sure it ain't cuz of magic
It is all an assumption. The scope will never show the true behavior of the circuit as it has an impact on It significantly. The light bulb can lite when conditions are met on Its electric terminals and cross Its body. Every time when circuit changes Its shape It has to adopt a new electric & magnetic state as It is always alive by the electric field from the battery. The circuit is also electrically live If It is in a magnetic field. It is as It is in an environment. In the event of closing the switch, the switch acts as an electric source as a one-off pulse as It was accumulating electric reactive energy. The reactive electric field energy recombines releases faster than the speed of light without the movement of electrons in the conductor as It does not need them. The change of electric field direction and Its strength causes magnetic induction and Its transition to a new steady-state of the whole circuit and It is time-limited by the whole impedance of the whole circuit. That includes capacitance, inductance, and ohm resistance. During the induction, the whole circuit acts as an electricity source besides the battery, and the light bulb can start to lite by the absorption of energy from the battery and whole circuit If It can absorb reactive electric energy. If It can not absorb It, It will lite when the impedance of the whole circuit is low enough for the battery source to stimulate light bulb with accelerated electrons in direction of Its electric field direction. The drop of voltage and its strength is distributed on the whole circuit during the transition state based on localized impedance and It is changing with time accordingly to the change of magnetic field strength in the loop. The transition of the circuit state ends when the magnetic field is the strongest and the electric current (electron current) is at Its maximum as well.
chutiya hain wo jo aapki baat nhi smjh pate
This is definitely the case otherwise how would a transformer work
13:20 one thing confuses me though, if the circuit doesn't have to be complete, why does the switch have to be flipped in the first place?
Conspirators, take notes. That's how you get to the bottom of things.
TL;DR: this video is a verbose way of saying "I was right"
umm ok, just please turn the light off when you're done  :-)
Man! Since I saw your first videos I knew you where thinking about Physics in a different way and I liked that, the thing that I admire the most is that you are finding more counterintuitive ideas in other fields, simple put it and as a teacher, I admire your curiosity.
Short explanation (please, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong): 1) bulb lightning on with ANY current on it 2) we suppose there are no other (outside) forces acting on our circuit. 3) after we're assembled circuit all charges comes into balance. 4) after we closing the key balance is lost but changes in a field will reach the bubble through 1m/c and then current in a bulb begins and it turns on.
This feels like not seeing the forest for the trees.  He was so caught up in the technicalities that he forgot how his average audience member would react to his statement.  When you turn on a light bulb, it seems to the average observer that it is immediately on and stays at a steady brightness indefinitely.  So, this is the behavior his audience would be expecting when he said the lightbulb would turn on at 1m/c seconds.  Not that it would turn on a little bit at 1m/c seconds, then turn fully off or on at 1 second once the fields made it all the way around the circuit.  If he had said that, he might have gotten a more favorable response.  But then, it wouldn't have made for a second video of 24 minutes in length, which the algorithm favors.  Sooo, there's that.
Man you started an amazing conversation! Gj
Great work Derek by being open to rework and recommendations to other Channels you have done. It's shows your growth attitude.
OK...Uhhh...what is as a "field" Derek?
You are awesome! thanks man
In real life, the bulb is at the opposite end of the circuit from the energy source not across from it, such as a drop light at the end of a 10,000 foot extension cord. The illustration with the bulb near the source with miles of UNREQIRED wire only shows me that the magnetic is detectable, which is elementary.
you know his power line experiment is legit when seeing them pull out thay absolute mega chonker of an oscilloscope.
rubbish
I don't trust your science bro should have asked a college drop out first, like Bill Gates
A good social experiment too, about physicists VS electrical engineers.
Sometimes I asked myself "I'm in a sophomore year of college right now. How did I not know this?"
I would like to hear the explanation on the voltage after the light fully turned on and the light voltage is 10 volts higher than source battery. And why there is a step after before returning to source battery voltage that is similar to the pre turn on voltage.
It powers my Tesla
The saga continues...
I can't say understanding this was simple nor can I say I understood this video, as a 10th standard guy only things I understood were the surface charges and their role for inducing current. but still this has just humbled me on how I looked at v=IR and said wow I can now design my own circuits easily.
Wait what? Electric field INSIDE a wire?
This was really informative and I'm pleased you revisited this topic. I'd love to see more on magnetic fields and maybe some real life examples of crosstalk between wires at home or in circuits and how the magnetic field is controlled.
Now you've explained that a little bit (but perceptible) current will achieve the bulb through 1/c and that's why this answer is correct. But it changes nothing. People felt foolish because of at least two things. 1) by "light up" people usually mean full power. If we have no resistance it's possible and expectable. 2) if ANY current will light up the bulb and there is no resistance so it's never will turn off. Because of uncountable reasons including leaks but also gravity and even Coriolis force (why not?). So it was really good video with deep explanations of how things works... but pointing of question was little bit sloppy. Too sloppy for this deep diving in a subject. Which of course made your video viral just like in case of Blackbird. Maybe it was not accidental? :-)
This is mindblowing I'm not gonna lie.
What would happen if your circuit was a square? Would the field still reach the lightbulb faster than the charge propagation in the surface of the wire? Or do you think that the radius square law guarantees the field intensity to be negligible at the light bulb initially?
this is the Varitasium we all have been waiting for.
Bravo and thank you for the new explanation !
How electricity works is shocking
So you're saying Electro Boom should stick to blowing up toasters.
I never thought that electricity can be so complicated as this.
Great video! Open peer reviews on YouTube are fantastic, very nice to see thst knowledge creation is moving forward like this!
A rather sad attempt to avoid admitting he was wrong. The explanation in this video is basically correct, but he clearly didn't understand it in the original video. If he did, he could have said "It's actually a trick question. The circuit is irrelevant. The way the experiment is set up the wires act like antennas". But he didn't say that, he couched the whole thing as an explanation of how circuits work and even in this video he seems to get confused about it at points.
Higgs field
That might be the single most interesting science video I have ever seen. I had classes on electromagnetism, electric circuits, and quantum mechanics, and never knew what was explained here. Excellent job.
Non-violent conflicts aren't inherently bad; Your mistake created engagement and attention. And that's when you can get points across! Good Job!!
"Wire spacing is not to scale" made me lol :)
brilliant!
Fascinating.  In high school I just accepted that a moving magnetic field caused electricity, but it was never explained how it happened. Now I understand how a dynamo works.  There is no battery, yet this explains why moving a magnetic field (electron field) past a wire induces electrons to flow.
Imagine the world if everyone owned up to their mistakes like Derek.
I love the whole debates, and you concluded it well.
MORE ARROWS
Not sure why you need to apologise, you were right.
Wow! What a superb example of scientific communication working in a marvellous way! I am a mechanical engineer and struggled rather with the original video and therefore watched with interest some of the fascinating ripostes (though not the ones that would have helped, as it happens) in order to try and understand. Then I spotted the Veritasum update - which I regard as a tour de force - it cleared up all my confusion, showed me the theory in a clear and understandable manner and then provided experimental proof along with a 3D model generated by another as part of the response to the original video. An excellent example of contributions from others improving the original understanding/explanation. One tiny little point, being a "Units zealot" - Derek was picked up on his units with people saying 1/c was wrong and it should have been 1m/c. I would argue that BOTH are wrong and that Derek's original was less wrong than the correction - 1(m)/c(m/s) would be correct - OK pedanticism rules, I know......
Here's an underrated comment:  *Veritasium looks like a smart version of Rowan from Viva La Dirt League  P.S many thanks for this video, it help me a lot for my physics project
Wow, this was unexpected. And awesome
This is what science is about. Thinking, talking, get criticise. Being confront by other arguments. Changing our way of thinking and correct our mistakes. Then, we can enjoy life with better truth. You also broke another misconception; science is not a one-person job. It’s because everybody participate that we can have a better and more true/correct science/understanding of the world.
lost one subscriber
A magnetic field can produce a current at a good distance from the magnet. Magnetic fields balance at zero because they always have 2 poles where electricity can have "henrys" at a great distance from the source. And that's why a lot of cows are retarded or deformed because they graze beneath high power lines. And the tiny electrons accelerate over and over being repelled again and again. As if they are magnetically attracted to the protons like a teenager in love only to get the cold shoulder repulsion from the same pole magnetically. But for the sheer will of these tiny little electrons, the world would be a boring place. But the cows would be safer.
great video! learnt so much
All people not "beleiving" in science should watch this beautiful representations of peer reviewed science.
I don't know how it worked or what I did to make it not but, I had some skull candy Bluetooth headphones and for like a week they charged my phone.
Finally, another mystery solved through debate, logic, and evidence. Congratulation to everyone involved in this process, , content creators and viewers alike, no matter whether you got it right or wrong at the start. Veritasium is truely the element of truth - no the answer but the paths taken to find it.
This helps me understand why when I'm using a non contact tester for finding the hot wire in a multi wire setting, with even completely disconnected wires the tester goes off if the hot is even as close as a few feet. I sometimes work on house current live, and of course this principle makes the confusion more dangerous. So I think I will be stopping working on live now.
Science > engineering just like how waifu > meta.
the  mechanism of nature has been known since dawn of Time  "blind" man will  never see
Have my EMFT exam on 9th, and let me tell you this subject is very dull and boring especially the reflection of waves and transmission line part.  Kudos, to this guy for making this topic at least partially understandable to general audience because it's a very nuanced and difficult subject to get a hold on
Just for clarity are the positive charges literally protons or like cations or something? And then I'm guessing when the electrons collide with those charges do they excite some electron in the positive charge to make the light?
I noticed you raised the wire above the ground, presumably to reduce impacts of surrounding objects on your electromagnetic field. For this reason it would have been better to glue your wooden frame together rather than put nails in it. The nails in the position they are in will impact the fields in the way you are trying to avoid by raising them into the air.
Does this only apply to DC or AC as well?
I wasn't happy with your first video, I love the community response and your reception to it! Thank you for stepping up to the plate when you were asked to by the community
I still think the explaination is wrong. A battery has no electic field if the plus and minus terminals are not connected together with a wire. So it could never light up a bulb if you connect one with wires.  A battery has two terminals: One with to much electrons (minus) and one with too less electrons (plus) terminal. If you connect them, electrons will start "flowing". But of course there are no "mobile electrons" (5:06) like water droplets at this the point. It does not work like water in a water hose system, electons are not like h2o molecules: The are not freely mobile, they are usually tight bound to atoms. If you connect a plus terminal of a battery with a wire to a minus terminal of the same battery, the battery will immediatelly start to "balance" the electron levels between both terminals. And this will be done completely *without* the need of an electrical field. In contrast: The electrical field, which will appear, is a result of the moving electrons. Without moving electrons, no electrical field.  An electron will not "flow" from the plus to the minus terminal. It will "flow" from the minus terminal right to the first atom of the connected wire. And now this atom has too much electrons, and because it can not "flow" back to the minus terminal (which still has too much electrons), it will instead "flow" in the direction of the plus terminal. But also not to the plus terminal itself, only to the next atom, which is the second next atom of the minus terminal, and so on...  So your assumption at 4:55 ("the truth is, if you average over a few atoms you find the charge density everywhere inside a conductor is zero") is *only* true, if no power source like a batter is connected (according to my understanding how electrical flow works). As soon as you connect a battery (or any other power source), the *first* atom of the used conductor will get a negativ charge density and will pass the electron from one atom to the next like a torch in a torch relay.  If you want to proof, that electrons do not flow without electric fields, you need to find a way to eleminate those fields. But here is the problem: Can other electical fields interfere to the power flow? Can you, e. g. stop the flow or enhance it (to a simple, plain copper wire for example)?  PS: Sorry for my poor english, I hope you get what I try to "say".
3 days and 3.5 million views. Unreal.
This is truly profound. How he is able to explain such a complex theory through anolgy.  We still haven't figured out what gravitationl and electric fields really are(we just know their effect), but once we do every single thing would be clearer, from electricity to black holes.
Your electric circuit video makes me think what if we had some sort of electrical propulsion that would take you past light speed travel, opening the cosmos for human travel.  If those circuit models could be applied to propulsion you would get to anywhere you want trillions of light years away, space time would cease to exist.
Veritasium doubling down on his idiocy and lies. Disgusting unscientific behaviour.
As someone with a PHD in Electrical Engineering, Post Doctoral PHD in Electrodynamics,  Masters in Applied Experimental Physics, Masters in Quantum Mechanics, an Honorary Degree from Devry University on Photo Lithographic Chip Manufacturing, Consulting Board Member for TSMC giving R&D oversight for the sub 2nm problem, and as someone who has been struck by lightning ------- This is a great video that has stirred conversation and heated debate from people who otherwise thought they knew everything and had to out and see it for themselves. It doesnt take a modest genius like myself to understand the first video, and I am glad you made a second one to save me time defending it on Reddit.
Way to be a great sport, Derek! I really learned a lot.
Can someone help me with this simple application of the topic? Say I have a shed I like to spend my time in, down the end of a long garden. To make sure I don't miss the postman, I have a doorbell rigged up, working off a nice big 9v battery. Does the physics suggest that it matters where I put the battery? I.e. near the front door button, near the bell in the shed, or somewhere in between?
Brilliant, inclusive, respectful response to the reaction videos. This is what curiosity is all about. Thank you from a proud fan!
They say "truth will set you free", I don't think 'free' is the right word here for me.
I wanna help by saying it like this: The electric field is all encompassing and everywhere regardless if the battery is present or not. And it is also true that a charge imbalance cause electric field 12th class physics.  The sole reason for the wire to work and the battery not just immediately losing its energy in the air is because the wire provides the least Resistance Path.
There is a simple way of thinking of this. After the initial (light speed) delay, the load (bulb/LED) starts to light (dissipates power) at a lower level. When the transmission line is "fully charged" i.e. the stored energy (in the EM fields) has reached a steady state, then the maximum power is transferred to the load. The overshoot is a normal characteristic of (second order) an underdamped system.
Awesome! This actually helped me clear up some conceptual questions I've had since 2nd year undergraduate physics so very long ago.  Excellent job exploring the universe.
Thanks for the video but it’s so difficult to understand this, i dont get it at all.
you are the reincarnation of Professor Julius Sumner Miller... why is it so??
The discourse has created the greatest explanation. Debate is a wonderful tool for science.
I find it amazing that so many experts either disagree or agree and yet there isn’t any warning or algorithm that silences either opinion. Amazing that science exists without having a definitive proven result and the world hasn’t stopped yet. Strange.
so, we're waiting for the genius person to reveal (through mass media) their device generating free wireless energy before they get killed or mysteriously disappear.
Prime exmaple of how public scrutiny brings out the truth
Can't please everyone brother, just have to move on. Some people still think joe biden won an election fairly, and others think he did not. Again, can't please everyone.  What is right and wrong, if not a chosen outcome from perspective based on available data within constraints.  As humans, we are quite skilled in using sociopathy to adjust the constraints, and push the narrative. Underlying facts matter very little in 2022. Mutual exclusivity is mandatory apparent.
Sorry, electroboom it's always right for me. Goodbye falsitasium!
Electroboom is shaking in his seat right now
Thank you, Veritasium. I worked on aviation electronics and I began this video with a confident “you can’t teach me what I already know” attitude. I was wrong! Thank you so much for the lesson.
How this guy with so long videos all of 20 mins plus got more than 10millions…  He is intrinsically annoying
Help me out here someone. So if current travels through fields, does a faraday cage prevent electricty to pass (Well know that isnt the case) then how does it works?>
Love it
🎶I said, "ooh, girl Shock me like an electrical guy.  Baby girl Turn me on with your electric field”🎶
thanks for clarification and the mess
Purposefully be wrong(vague?) again to make other people put the work into correcting you
It looks like the majority of counter arguments are extremely pedantic explanations of why you are wrong, like saying that current would flow before the switch was fully closed so you have to measure the speed of the human finger flipping the switch or that "on" can only be defined as an object performing at the exact specifications it was designed for and any voltage, no matter how small, that is different isnt technically on.
Man it's just beautiful...the whole thing.
So in the diagram with the open wire 1/2 light second away, you would get half a second of the smaller step current and then nothing after 1/2 a second? Maybe in an ac circuit it would maintain the current?
Ugh it's not exactly the audience friendly content you usually do but I see why you had to make it.
if school are teach like this, our life would be much easier
I learned something new. Thank you.
...I can't know any of that stuff cause i'm not even a little bit smart.
Seems like he did his field work.
This video is more bs than the last one. This is an intelligence test. Will you just believe what 'woke scientists' say, or can you think for yourself? They make it deliberately complicated, and false, to stop regular people understand how the world actually works. But this is an easy one, not like string theory. Take any circuit, any length, don't measure any times. The light bulb lights up. Now disconnect the bulb and reconnect the wires, leaving the bulb close by. The bulb doesn't light up. It's the current, not the fields, which will still be present in the wires in case 2. End story.
Nice explanation 😁 👍🏻,But how does the electric field around the wire was created in the first place instantaneously? Does it mean that the positive charge of the battery move some electrons and charge the wire? Does the special relativity of our role in all of this? And how does it Friday cage protect the information of the electric field around the cable?
If you want the good answer on the internet, don’t ask a good question, provide the bad answer.
Hi, very good Video -> THX for making and sharing. I wanna point out that I'm NO Elecric-Engineering Pro, but I know some bits. Therefore I wanna ask 2 things. First) you use most of the time the term "electrical field". But should this not be called "the electric/magnetic" field ? Cause the changing magnetic fields induce electric currents and vice/versa. Second) this example you showed -> is this the same effect when i hold a Neon-Tube under a high voltage pylon and it starts softly to glow ??  THX for your cool Vids. It's something connecting and not diverting on the net....and it's in the meantime rare :-/.
You inspire not just with your knowledge and thirsty curiosity (lol) but how you tell the story of physics. This is what attracted so many people to Veritasium. We are grateful.
The Science Asylum guy did a simplified version of this a while back, using vectors. Nice to see mainstream creators go in depth with certain topics.
Is this video technically new research? Or re-packaged lesser known theories?
Just admit it was clickbait. :facepalm:
Derek seems to love triggering the scientific community and later explaining what they misunderstood. What a legend.
so if it's the fields and not the wires, why can't i just hold a battery *next to* a light bulb and have it turn on? i'm still very confused by this.
it is partially correct. I think some people may argue it is not 100% lightened up until the electrical field transmitted throught the wire.
I remain my case, this is reinventing radio/RF transmission, we know it exists, and it is negligible. you transmit a signal with two wires facing eachother at lightspeed. you transmit power with a closed circuit.
In India, earthing (ground) tends to be faulty.. especially in rural areas.. We therefore remove fuse (connecting live wire to the house) during lightening/thunderstorm.. still, we see spark emerging from switches when lightening strikes.. Does removed fuse still acts as capacitor leading to flow of current for short time? Or something else happening here? Can anyone explain this?
I take issue with the notion that it isn't commonly taught that "it's the field, not the electron motion, that turns the light on". Yes, this is very commonly taught in all high school physics classes. I wish he hadn't kept repeating that like it was breaking news. What's unexpected here for most people is how the field flows outside the boundary of the wire itself.
you smart mfer
I'd assume the test circuit is running on low voltage. Why bother placing it high up on the pole?
Looks like he got some grey Hair from all the reaction to his last video.. lol,
Wondering why the permanent Earth magnetism as the most prominent field wasn't mentioned. It is essential in the reflection on electromagnetic fields | quantum fields. The notion that fields are inducing fields is certainly one of the most important aspects in understanding the fundamentals of our life. It gives me joy everyday in my work.
I think a better way to explain it is to imagine a circle, full of people standing in line, with a commander on one side, and a human-powered machinery (idk a wheel to rotates??). When the commander shout "start moving", the people standing in line wont wait for the push of the person behind them to start moving, they immediately move after hearing the sound (which travels at the speed of sound, or light for electric field) from the commander to each individual, so that the person closest to the wheel will start the machine, NOT waiting for the first person next to the commander to start pushing the person in front of him, and continue the line until the machinery
Jesus Christ I didn’t realize the science side of YouTube also got into the dramatics as much as the friggin makeup side lolol
How does the amplitude of the initial current in the light change with respect to the distance between the parallel wires?  Does it still work if they are perpendicular?
Yeah, you told them... or us... and it was fantastic, scary, and it is going to take a long time for me to wrap my head around it.  But, thanks!
im just glad the one australian guy was wrong
The Poynting Vector is horrible physics. The cross product of two vectors is not a vector, nor is it close enough for government work. The idea that nature makes the same mistakes in math that modern physicists do, is a really bad idea. I'll give examples of how bad the physics of the Poynting vector really are. Imagine you have a superconducting loop of wire in which there is a clockwise current flowing. Now lay insulated wires on top of the superconductor, and hook them up to a battery such that if they were connected to a load, a clockwise current would flow. We have both magnetic fields and electric fields, so the Poynting vector tells us there is an energy flow, but there is no such thing, the battery does not discharge, and no lights light up. Want another example? OK, hook up wires to a battery and a load, only use steel wires instead of copper. You'll have much stronger magnetic fields, so the Poynting vector claims much more energy is flowing than there really is. Like I said, the Poynting vector is really bad physics.
Is there any way to see what is being explained visually by having current flowing through a wire or circuit, and then having an MRI machine, CT scan machine, scanning electron microscope, or some other modern technology zoom in on the wire (or see through it) and show us the actual electrons flowing and the electric field? Or maybe there is no technology that exists right now that can do that?
Like Einstein redifined gravity in terms of the fourth dimension,  can electromagnetism be re-defined. What are the chances it does'nt work in the way we are taught it does. Am I dumb or is there some room for thought. 😄
5:41 how electric field is making close loop
The most alarming aspect for me was the realization that you positioned a insanely expensive oscilloscope precariously balancing on the top of a un-certifed ladder. I don't even know if I'll ever get over that.. I will promise to try.  Anyway, what was the experiment about, again? Thanks.
I'm just mad  they always talked about the dang water and pipes when trying to explain electricity.
Is it me or is Ben Watson a 12 year old kid
Isn't it the same as the situation when welding next to a radio? Because every time you start welding (wig), the radio starts to rustle. That's why cables transmit information must also be well insulated. To prevent foreign magnetic fields from overwriting the information on the cable.
We also do this in Physics. Newton's equations sort of just approximate what we see on earth, but would fall apart to explain microscopic and light speed physics.
I hope everyone in the internet admits their mistakes and corrects them the way Derek and all scientists do
Every educational YouTuber who fixes their mistakes deserve my like and comment for algorithm help.
he mad a simulation to fit his idea. which means there is definitely bias involved. let's actually build it.
Ehhh lots of back-pedaling. thx for the clarification and detailed explanation though
Yes. Respect 👍
Derek you... You has just provoked a war and let the entire science field to think and experiment for you, da$#! Real genius!😂
This is why I love science, if something isn't entirely correct or is poorly explained lots of people go and test it to prove it wrong and demonstrate why, so we end up with even better explanations for things :)
Who cares how the energy or the electons travel on the skin or in the wires....at least ...  Thank god I am a lump sum kind of person...  How come when an ammeter is placed in series...anywhere in your pipe or wire it always remains the same...assuming the battery voltage  doesn't drop in steady state. I say the light will begin to light as electrons and the holes move at the speed of light in different directions...  I suppose your measured "leakage current" is just the capacitance being charged  in you cleverl transmission wire...  And it looks like your confused by induction....no electrons flow across a transformer winding or your toothbrush or wireless charger. One winding induces a voltage and current in the other winding....  Maybe when guildlbles like you are listened to....they become confused. God help us. Just like some were lead to believe all this Covid-19 will go away with the heat...
I bet this is how Tesla felt
As someone who isn't well educated on the subject I am very curious to know, would the theoretical bulb/led shine more dim the further the wires are apart? Like I said I know very little about this and would just like to have a better understanding of it.
wait, why would the light bulb light up with a broken circuit?? how long til it shuts back off?
I don't understand why the drift velocity inside the resistor has to be higher to maintain same current. More drift velocity directly imply more current irrespective of the resistor, isn't it? 8:40
Would love to see you and Electro Boom get together for a project
Excelent video, it took me years to understand electricity because all my text books didn't show the full story, I just understood it when I studied transmission lines. This was very frustrating for me, as I was just feeling dumb for years, when in fact the teachers were just telling half the story.
Sir, I have some question. Please answer them.   (i) If charges present on wire cause the electrons to move then why we need potential difference? (ii) why charge develop only after placing battery if the wire contains millions of electron then why a battery cause accumulation of charges on sides? (iii) If we somehow manged to generate charge on a conductor by rubbing , the generated charge will start flowing because its a conductor then it will have both electric and magnetic field so now the bulb will glow continuously without any problem is it possible.
I love this but he got mental problems he’s been struggling to sleep and ext. but fir the most i just wanna say  I hope your days get alittle easier till you are not stressed
If the story of magnetic fields in the wires was true, then how do you explain a lightning bolt? Do electrons flow in it or is it purely a magnetic field phenomenon?  BTW, never EVER start a fight with ElectroBOOM, he knows the source of electricity ie. what is it that makes the electric equipment work! It has NOTHING to do with electricity or electrons nor magnetic fields, all electric appliances work on blue smoke. Proof: When the blue smoke leaks out, the appliances work no more, he has proven that numerous times. You're out of your league with this... :P
I dont get it,  If what you claim is true....then how do you explain electrolysis?
Loved this video...not to sound cocky but this is intuitively the way I thought it worked, similar to how magnetic field lines work. Or exactly the same. I would've brought up static electricity though, with a balloon and hair or something. Super relatable and you can see the field lines the same way iron shavings show magnetic field lines around a bar magnet.
Basically you proposed this initially like your audience was dumb by not clarifying field theory and now you want to regain face after 10+ plus channels have called you out.
Wow, great explanation and the visuals really helped to wrap my head around the concepts
It's so satsifying to see people get in these super youtube nerd-offs, and that veritasium is at the center of it and always wins
Thanks for the clarification, this was better explained 😁
But sir science asylum told this 3 years back what you are telling obviously you have explained it in more detail
dont worry veritasium. You didnt generate any confusion. You were just wrong. And everyone told you how wrong you were.
This is a much better explanation than the first video! Great work Derek.
Why did you install your line at a height of three meters?
The next video I got recommended after this was called "double speak, how to lie without lying".  You specifically pick and present the video to be as deceptive as possible about the problem.  I am guessing your end was to generate controversy and discussion and drive views, but it is truly a disservice to science communication.   I really dislike how you took every opportunity in this video to explain how all your misleading statements are technically correct.
I'm very glad you went into this, and learned from it. Now tackle whether high voltage lines give people cancer XD
How to casually reveal wireless energy transfer...
I am not a dumb guy.  But I think I understood "and" and "the".
Damn look how much it fucked with him lol he hasn’t shaved since
Conclusion... We have no freaking idea why a lightbulb turns on... Pretty scary!!!!
Wow ! that makes sense. Thank You
It's deep . Enjoying the whole show
Just imagine if rigid examination of these magnitudes were applied to political issues.
Seems to be a confusion between the electrostatic effects that guide the charges down the wire (Gauss' law) and the electrodynamic effects that are produced from the closing of the switch (Faraday's law).  Normally, when engineering circuits, the transient effect due to the closing of the switch is ignored because the power is lower than the power in the circuit and it goes away in nanoseconds.  However, if voltages are switched quickly and the circuit elements are extremely close together, then this effect can become comparable to the nominal voltages in the circuit.  As the animations show, wires in the circuit act as antennas.
my head hurts now, wheres's the Tylenol?
Finally a correct video!
There is a lot of information in the scope plot , that should be discussed. It looks like 20 nS to get the first current, then about 75 nS to get full power. You can also see the 2nd and third harmonic of the main bang. It would be worthwhile to see the FFT. What are the physical distances. I would also calculate the expected propagation: 1/(LC)^.5
I know the question was deliberately (kinda) mis-directing people. lol only happens this fast if the wire and battery connected close to the bulb.
I think the biggest thing that blew my mind about electricity was when I realised (a long time ago) that electrons don't get used up, they just move.  When I was young I thought electrons were like a fuel, the sockets on the wall delivered them, and batteries were filled with them, and once they were gone your device would stop working - it really blew my mind when I learned that electrons = "work", that it's only when you drag electrons around a circuit that it does what it's supposed to, and that AC is when you drag them back and forth.  I remember when I was about 13 I came up with the analogy that DC is like a chainsaw with the teeth constantly moving in one direction while AC was like a handsaw where you push and pull the teeth back and forth - the electrons don't power the device it is the mechanism moving the electrons that powers the device, if you stop the electrons from moving the device powers off.  When I learned that it was like my world was turned upside down and I was thrilled and so enthused about learning more.
well done
Thanks for the video, and despite a bit of education in electricity and electronics I have just confirmed that this is all basically witchcraft at my level of understanding
When challenging Engphys always critically consider your assumptions.
You brought up an interesting point about a broken wire that deserved a brief comment.  If another switch were disconnected at the end of the wire at the same moment as the main switch were connected, the light would still light.  It would go out after some brief time because the two switching events would change the electric field in different ways.    Then again, at these speeds and short time intervals, there isn't a clear way to define what we mean by the switches being toggled at the same time.
Why does the distance between the switch and the bulb matter?  If the battery is playing the main role here, than the distance between battery and bulb should have been considered.
Mad respect!!!!!!! Starting conversation and respectful debate!!!!!
Freaking awesome. I'm so glad you made the original mistake. It's so refreshing to see a solid theory and it's evolution due to the willingness to accept and integrate additional information and alternate perspectives. I don't know if this video would've had the same impact if it weren't updating the previous.
Wait but why doesn't the whole thing flow through at once? Why is it always just a smidge and then the whole thing?
Only question I have is how far can a field go?
Why do people who touch insulated wires not shocked? Does the insulation somehow prevent the electric & magnetic fields from escaping?
my guy came ready with RECEIPTS
Why did the yellow voltage go up to about 27v and oscillate then spike to about 30 then slowly drop back down to 18?
I always argued with books about how circuit works,never agreed with that,this has much more sense,you are right! 🙂
As someone with a masters in EE, I still can't fathom some of the intricacies of how this all works. But I sure am intrigued by your work and really enjoy watching these thought experiment videos. Looking forward to more of them.
This was incredibly interesting and an eye opener. Thanks!
Now that you clarified your proposal, most physics and electrical engineers would agree with the answer of 1m/c. BUT, it should have been enphasized  that, if the circuit were opened at it's extremity, the response would not be permanent and the light will eventualy turn off. I'm also a little unconfortable with the amount of 14mW being transfered by two 20m straight wires 1m apart @18V in the experiment. Seems off to me (guess only, mot calculated). Are you sure this amount of energy is not travelling thru the osciloscope (which is connected both to the input and output)? What I would like to see: 1 - The same experiment, with the wire opened at one extremity, to see how long the effect fades out. 2 - The osciloscope connected ONLY to the output, so we would assure that the energy didn't pass thru the scope's internal impedances.
this kind of debate is better than any presidential debate, period
Ok, now do a video explaining what’s happening when a 9v battery touches your tongue.
I remember an episode of Startalk where NDT was talking about the shape of the Earth's orbit around the Sun. He said that when you first teach small children about it you teach them that it's a circle, when they can handle a little more complexity you inform them that it's an ellipse, the next step is that the variation in the ellipse is so small that it might as well just be a circle but since it's not a perfect circle you still have to call it an ellipse, and lastly you teach them that the solar system is actively moving through the universe so it's ACTUALLY a corkscrew. On electrical circuits I am satisfied being at the circle orbit level.
So, if there is a surface charge gradient, does that mean that the net charge in a very small volume is not zero after all?
Is it only as fast as you say because you have 'preloaded' the circuit with charge and then the closing of the switch is a disturbance to that preexisting gradient?  Put another way, if instead of closing the switch, you instead introduced a battery into a gap, simultaneously closing the circuit and adding the active element, would it still be 1m/c? Or do you now have to factor in the size of the circuit?
I remember asking this to my high-school physics professor. Had a pretty neat discussion but not a definite answer. Thanks for the series, you solved a 20 year old question in me
So scavenge the 12mW of power at the load initially, then open the switch before complete circuit…12mW free power
If the wire was infinitely long, would the graph converge to 4V since it would take infinite amount of time for the current to circle around, and because of the electrical field affecting the wire 1m away? or converge to 0 after enough time has passed?
bummed you didn't do a Poynting vector sim with scope leads.
So you're telling me if you cut one of those wires there would still be current running through the "lightbulb"? Lets see that!
Thank you for all you do for us. Thats amazing! Big respect from Ukraine!
What misconception? What an over/complicated explanation! U can tell he's not an engineer. If U put the switch on the opposite side of the battery, the circuit is charged, ready to go, like a capacitor, as soon as U close the switch. If U put the switch next to the battery, U negate that, but/t then the electromagnetic induction comes into play. As soon as the current flows it creates a circular magnetic field around itself which spreads out and cuts thru the other wire and induces a current in the opposite direction. Yes the free electrons repel, each other, to the surface, of the conductor. What's the big deal!? Methinks his sur/name should be Muler.
Thanks Derek :-) As a thoughtful response to complex criticism you model the behaviour we should all emulate. I’m fascinated by your videos and thank you for putting such interesting and formative videos together.
I do not understand this at all. 4:24 says "A lot of animations make it look like a lot of electronics push each other..." Then in 7:36 the same "mobile electrons" are there moving around circuit in the form of sheep???  It's the same friggin' image. C'mon!  I'm more confused than I was going into this. It seems you are focused on the naysayer and haters who are already knowledgeable. Is that your audience? You have got do do better if you want a common person like me to learn anything.
Ok, very interesting. The inductive/capacitive field property is very interesting. And probably more true to how I've always seen it. I never thought the battery had to fill an empty pipe with 'lectrons until they flowed out the other end. I always took it as the pipe was already full of electrons. Non compressible. So if you jam one more in, one has to come out the other end. Right that instant. Like the line of balls on strings on the desk top toy. Ok, so time for friction to cause heat and filament to glow? Eh, whatever. Conductor length does not change time for current to begin to flow. You went way deeper than I've ever had to to make lights work in 40+ years as an elechicken, but still a good video and explanation. Thanks!
me watching this video barely grasping the concepts: hmmm yes i can see why that would be a common misconception. glad you cleared that up Derek
So what carries the electromagnetic field- photons? So, is this acting like a capacitor, or is this more akin to magnetic induction of current, the electromagnetic flux created when you throw the switch induces a current across the gap to light the bulb. I'm guessing that the initial burst of current measured at the lightbulb would diminish if that 1 meter distance was also increased. The other issue that doesn't get resolved in this experiment is what happens when you really do have a wire loop 1 light second long?- several people pointed out that the resistance in such a wire would be so great over that length that a battery would have to be huge to get current to flow through the entire loop of wire. Would  we then get the initial surge of current and then would it die out?
I think the "mistake" enhanced the net effect of this thought experiment.  Look at the engagement it has stimulated.  This is Science at work.  Bright and curious minds thoughtfully engaging with each other in healthy debate in the pursuit of truth.  But sadly, Derek, I've still lost respect for you because what self-respecting Canadian wears a hoodie in California?  Shaaaame! 😂
boringggg
We all assumed you were referring to the steady state current.
Diging your grawe again??? Working woth grawity guy?? The most bullshet experiment?? You are jocke!
So basically, electrical circuits are like dipole antennas?
That makes me think of the "spooky element" as Einstein described in the past which is now coined as quantum entanglement which could create communication signals faster than the speed of light. Maybe it is nothing else than different groups of Electrical fields that orient themselves into sectors over space.
BOOM! Heaters OWNED!
This is something that Nikola Tesla had an intuitive and deep understanding.  This is partly why he believed , correctly, that AC was the way to to go for powering large areas.
15:33 took me a second to get "metal ions" i was like what metalions??? new particle?? :')
in short - this is why wireless phone charges work.... if you think this isn't correct, better notify Samsung and Google.
Este es sin duda uno de los videos mas épicos de Derek
I don't know what the hell you're talkin about...
Derek, you need to do a follow-up video on this for how this would work with a proper AC source like a generator, and for us ham radio enthusiasts, an RF source like a transceiver.  BTW, a takeaway I got from this video is that Derek reacts with enthusiasm when you try to debunk him en masse.
This makes quantum entanglement make so much more sense.
An accidental mistake led to community discourse and interaction. Always great to see such positivity.
One thing that I still have yet to be explained is that if the electric field is carrying the current or setting up the "push" that energizes the electrons, then (and this should prove/disprove it) if I placed the element (in this case the lightbulb) in a faraday cage, but still connected to the battery, would it still light?  (I also could be understanding this wrong, but I'd really like to know).
This is why all the lights in your house turn on when you flick one switch. Oh wait they don't, this video is horseshit and I got fooled again into watching a Veritasium video.
Kudos for doing the opposite of a hit and run.
I didn't see the original episode; the fact that people assumed the wire has to be connected surprises me.  People, do you not know how transformers work?
What a fantastic video.
Fascinating video and the details about how the fields work are an aspect of electrical circuits that did not know. However, when I first saw your set up with the super long wires I thought you were going to answer a simpler query I have always wondered about. If the circuit were setup so that the battery (or AC source) and the switch were next to each other in one location and then a wire (containing both + and - lines) stretched away for 1 kilometer, 100 kilometers or say 300,000 kilometers with an LED bulb at the far end. How long would take that light bulb to light up after the switch is closed.   I know you illustration of having the wires one meter apart and bulb right across from the battery was to open the discussion about the field effects but it is not a sensible configuration.
the first video was so unclear and seemed to make random assertions allover the place I though it was a click-bate/con and unsubscribed for a while. this definitely makes more sense and builds on a very fundamental understanding of electro magnetism very effectively. nice to see a commitment to improving your work
Excellent. Really learnt lots watching this (and the exchanges).
watching this while smoking a jay, and, wow, what a great video!
I'm glad you clarified this with another video.  Thanks for the info.
All I know is that if you let the smoke out of a circuit - it stops working.  So, ... is the smoke carried by the electrons, or the magneto-electric field ?
You’re brilliant and don’t let anyone say otherwise.   Your ideas and thought logic make me, a non-scientist, think and sometimes my cranium expands enuff for me to have a new way to see the way things work.  That’s a gift from you to me - thanks are in order!
Does that mean that a magnet cannon transfers energy stored inside the magnetic fields into the ball bearing. Hoping someone who understands this stuff can explain!
Would it be possible to track and electron as it drifts thru the wire like in real time?
I think the missing word in your original video was _begin_ as in: "How long would it take for the bulb to (begin) light(ing) up". J=(sigma)E expresses Ohm's law in classical electrodynamics at a point, which is useful to know; but the physics involved is far more complicated as you've shown.
So, how does this apply with speakers, amplifiers (stereos) and wires.
would you have the same result if this experiment is conducted on a vacuum?  (my question is: does air help to propagate the energy field?)
You need to colab with Mr beast for huge experiments that requires huge funding
Of all your videos I've watched, this one made my brain hurt the most.
Ok then smarty pants: how come when my phone charger wire gets a little tiny kink, it doesn’t work anymore? Good luck working out that riddle!!
now I understand better why, it's so interesting
Why is no one talking about that diagram in 18:00? That is just horrible. A characterisc impedance is NOT an equivalent lumped impedance. And putting it on BOTH sides? You have just a couple of ohms in that wire
You should do a video proving quantum entanglement can coordinate faster than speed of light. Or time re-writing with the delayed choice eraser. That will blow some minds.
It’s a strong man who admits even his perceived shortcomings and corrects them with respect.
Derrik deserves the success.
Define "Field" please. Quantify "Field" please.
An electric  current is the acknowledgment, or understanding that an electric gradient exist in the system
0:45 sec in,  thumbs up already.   Glad you posted this
Love the global interaction that makes us all smarter.  Um, curious as to why the demo was so high off the ground? Guess we do things because that's the way we saw it done before.
This Veritasium induced electricity controversy storm of 2022 is a great real life example of how science works.  True Science does not have tribalism.  We sit down and figure out the parts that don't make sense like adults, agree where we made mistakes, deal with it, and just move on.  And there are no hard feelings and we all get better and smarter as a result.  ...and eventually end up with even fancier cellphones, but that's just a happy side effect.
Those of us who weren't  Youtubidiots understood Derek... those who run lame-ass channels who wanted to glom on to the point you were making... had a hissyfit.  I thought this (and the original video) was awesome.  The one on "we can't measure the speed of light" still gives me pause to think. :D I'm sure this one is going to as well...
Great clarification but how this apply to Welding where positive and negative electrons come together to generate so much light & heat.  I would love an video on electricity applied to welding.
And this is when the Electrons Carry Electricity Society is formed
NERD FIIIIIGHT!
Looks like the "wire's" which looks like copper tubing seems to be grounded out touching the wood which Acts like a ground??? 🤔
Can we add two bulbs to your long circuit to prove your point? 1st bulb being physically closer to the switch, but has a greater length of wire between it and the switch; the 2nd bulb being physically at greater distance from the switch but has shorter length of wire between it and the switch. And so if the 1st bulb lights up first, does that prove your point?
I don't understand any of this
Wow, you sure generated a LOT of thinking, experimenting, and explaining. Great job!
If this is the case then how do electrical components not malfunction? It seems like an SSD would change millions of charges (data) because of the fields generated by other components. Or any signal sent in a motherboard, wouldn’t they get interrupted?
Based on the simulation, it appears the answer is a bit more than 1/c seconds, the charge has to travel at least a little ways down the wire for sufficient induction to occur.  So somewhere between 1/c and 2/c seconds is probably correct.
Does the same apply to semiconductors? We're often told that 2nm is the smallest semiconductor to push an electron through...
This is how Tesla thought i bet
Unless your light bulb is an unusual design (produces light at a very small fraction of rated voltage), you won't get any light early. You will get voltage going through the resistor, but the amount of energy wouldn't light up any incandescent bulb. I noticed that you were using LEDs of a type that produce low amounts of light at lower voltages by using power regulation circuits. This is the only type of light that would work for this. At the scaled down distance in your experiment, you got 20% of the voltage. If you scale to 1 meter (looks like roughly 3 times the distance), the field will go down a lot. I believe it would be roughly an inverse squared proportion (source is a line of length distance, and spread over a volume of distance³), so from roughly 1 foot to 1 meter is around 1/10 the voltage, so the voltage in the original experiment will be 1/20 of the source. Thus, from your 12V car battery, you would get 0.6V at the bulb until the fields went all the way around the circuit. And it seems that below 50% of rated voltage, incandescent bulbs don't light at all, so you only get the fast lighting If you use something that lights up with much less than rated current.
Maybe circuit textbooks omit the surface charge explanation but any intro physics text explains 1. how like-charged particles in a conductor repel each other until they reach equilibrium with the net charge on the surface, 2. the movement of charged particles changes the electric/magnetic field, and 3. a changing EM field creates current where it does work on charged particles. With these principles you know that attaching a charged body (like a battery) to a conductor (like a wire) will cause all charged particles in the new system (circuit) to move to a new equilibrium with the net charge on the conducting surface. The transient movement of charge changes the EM field everywhere (propagating at speed of light), which generates current in any conductor by moving its charged particles (proportional to distance). So correct me if I'm wrong but that makes the surface charge explanation for circuits elementary.
"Smart people are some of the dumbest people to ever exist" - A. Einstein
wait, so he just meant that the field influences the wire before the charge makes it around the loop, in the same way a random piece of non-connected wire would be? that is definitely not the takeaway I had from the previous video
If everyone responded to criticism this way society would be tolerable.
I think we can all agree, it's all magic..
I think this video will give my local homeless lady at the bus stop more evidence that 5G and WiFi are frying my brain.
Maxwell's demons!
:)  clearer,  thx again
Dude this makes me like you more. The fact that you took the time to re explain it give you more credit than most people.
Im a cardiac electrophysiologist and i learnt more from this video than your previous one. Thanks man.
Alpha phoenix was way ahead on this!!!
Your first video was 100% wrong. This one is only 5% right (the field part). The fact is nobody knows how electricity works, otherwise, it won't be called electric-city! More importantly, if we truly know how it works, we won't be killing it in the 'load'.
Your thing about wireless charging isn't really accurate, since those devices use a magnetic field, not an electric field. Current forms the magnetic field, while voltage forms the electric field. The most common place you'll see strong electric fields is high voltage powerlines. I have one over my farm, and the power company says I can't run any metal fences parallel to the powerline. It's not because of the magnetic field, because the powerline only carries 1,000A (about the same as the starter motor in a diesel pickup). It's because of the electric field, which is huge due to the 10kV potential between the wire and the ground. This electric field can induce enough voltage in a long parallel metal fence wire to zap you when you touch it, and obviously this saps energy from the powerline.
Can I just say something: ? Smart internet people : blah blah blah  Veritasium: *brings the guy that works on LIGO*  Also smart internet people: ……
I suppose I shouldn’t listen to everything Derek says, he’s said that before, so has every other science YouTuber
Good, now I can explain it to the primitives when I go back in time.
It’s cool that now we have such an advanced simulation software that even smooth brains can understand 😊
Imagine making another entire 25 minute video because the first one was so bad that you had to do it al over again...oh wait that’s starting to become commonplace with this channel
Is there going to be a test after this?
Yeayeayeah but why is it 8’ up?
I sometimes do this in conversation to spark intellectual debate - purposely stating a wrong answer to get people passionate about the solution. It works every time.
Imagine forgetting that we use insulators on cables for a reason… this is nothing new and has been a problem in high performance automobile ignition systems more specifically the spark plug leads, if you draw to much without a thick enough insulator then the field emitted from the wires causes errors on nearby sensors which negatively affects torque & rpm.  Think about how long ignition leads have been around for, thats how long the automotive industry has been aware of this issue the inly difference is they have no interest in the leaking current.. they are trying to eliminate it all together.
I thought electrons move back in forth like a sine wave it goes positive and negative from a power plant
Housemate:Why is it so dark in your house?  Me: Well technically all the lights are on, but at such a low level that they would only satisfy people who observed light as an abstract occurrence in a thought experiment.
What does he mean when he says "load"?
Dear Veritasium, in "misconception 2" you claim that water flowing through a hose is an erroneous analogy, because the "charge density ... is zero". You seem to be comparing the net electric charge to the fluid density. The problem is that an incompressible flow is a perfectly working model for this part. It looks like you will be producing yet another video on this topic! :-D I look forward! P.S. I enjoyed the rest of the video. Admitting and correcting own mistakes is admirable, but starting the video with other's misconceptions is not so.
Actually distance between the wires do matter for the light intensity! 5:40 - The distance between the wires affects the capacitance you get in the transmission line model (16:00). This in turn affects the initial current you get.
I feel like were quickly about to enter a new generation of highly intelligent people. with videos like this inspiring people it will inevitably clear up understanding of all self evident mechanics of energy. I don't think humanity has truly mastered the use of the internet for what is truly capable in terms of learning.
thank you for re-engaging on this, many responses to your original post had valid concerns and stated certain assumptions, so well done in continuing the conversation!
i like these advanced videos because they give me exposure to the language of the expert. rather than approaching concepts like "inductance" in the abstract as youd see in a tutorial, a video like this shows me how advanced concepts actually interact with other concepts and tests my grasp of the reasoning.   i could learn a lot by really mastering the concepts referenced in this video. all of which, if i need to, can be supplemented by pulling out a textbook or looking up hyperphysics for the general background.
You Sir are providing a service to humanity. It's difficult to satisfy the masses due to all the toxins in our food chain and environment. It's great that our Masters see fit to let us live, albeit at the cost of guinea pig. ;3  Humans need to stop infighting long enough to topple our oppressors   Mitch McConnell is Emperor Palpatine   Some of you will die, but that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make! - Lord Trump  @Justin Y.  Trump is evil. He ignored this virus until he couldn't ignore it...the steps taken have been deliberately slow to contain this virus, as the government has made huge financial gains in allowing particularly older, retired people to die...no more pay outs each month...voting, if still valid in this country...is our only peaceful,  legal recourse...voting 3rd party is the ONLY WAY to get real humans in power, rather than dynasty families and career politicians. When we realize the 2 parties we are divided over LOVE the division among us...then and only then may America be great again...   @Justin Y.  Lack of knowledge of the deep state? I just accused our government of mass murder...I understand deep state...fact that you refuse to listen, only attack, says too much about you...clearly you haven't known hardship. Clearly none of this has impacted you negatively...you are part of the problem, offering zero solutions.   @Justin Y.  Calling me stupid really helps your case...Trump has very limited brain power, as evidenced by his rambling, generally repetitive, toddler talks...although most of us are sorely undereducated, Trump really amazes me every time i listen to his banter. Trump did not close the borders in time, many flights to the USA brought sick folk here. Action wasn't taken until very late February, and by then 15 confirmed cases were more than enough to basically allow what amounts to airborn, quickly lethal AIDS《why this? (Because this virus mutates too fast to create an effective vaccine, which may never get made), upon the world. This is dangerous because common behaviors of common folk, such as shoulder to shoulder events, shopping and sardine packed working conditions, helped this virus along...even as people died in China daily...America went forward 2 full months wothout any concerns...then...rather than force the hands of state officials, and put the population through a 2 month quarantine,  we've been seeing states react, rather than prepare...and all at the natural stages this virus thrives on...complacency among enough of us to allow the spread to continue. You refusing to see this logic isn't a blight on my mental capacity, just proves you are as simple as our Lord Trump...and likely among those very few, who like many elites, don't even understand the plight of the masses, whom I speak for, in this contrived crisis...Trump is calm about the virus because he exists outside the bounds of common folk...Trump and other powerful people would never have to take the risk of infection seriously as they are all well protected by expendable servants or can at the least afford to continue living lavishly and distanced from peons such as myself. 9/11 was an inside job and this proves what I've feared since then...that the government can perform mass murder and the people will always just accept it, hire the next sociopath  in line, whichever of the 2 evil divisionary parties they aspire to dwell in...  Our educational system is archaic. We could be educating everyone from home...there are no valid excuses for our current broken schooling, and no teachers need lose jobs...as the internet is an amazing communication device...  Taxes are broken. Your dollar earned gets hit so many times...and we all just accept that blindly.  Medicine is broken. My grandmother died because her selfish daughter needed cable tv more than grandma needed diabetes medicine...and millions suffer from the inability to afford insulin, despite that drug initially starting out as a gift to humanity from a generous genius, privatized by evil and greed, priced beyond reality for most.  Our 2 party system is designed to keep us bickering...division keeps us docile enough to accept our own government conspiring to murder us, with our acceptance. 3rd party candidates are generally real humans...that care about other humans, even, gasp, total strangers and foreigners...  We are all on the same damn spaceship...Earth. I judge character...not race, not whatever religion folks are born into. I am old...I am tired of seeing disaster after disaster get slow attention from government, as poor people die in thousands due to delayed or nonexistent help.   It's about time the many take control, with votes, to dethrone the sociopaths that control us, play games with our very lives...  When there are only voluntary homeless, when the janitor is paid living wage, when a high school graduate can earn enough in food service, or retail, to support a modest home and essentials, while creating a nest egg...when veterans are given the same care as Congress, Senate and other positions of highest power, rather than left to suffer and die, when the lowest paying jobs are enough to survive on, then and only then, can America boast of being great...  As it stands...I feel most of us are born into lies we have no control over...It's well orchestrated, as my points are made clear in every satirical broadcast about the plight of the expendable masses, world wide...  Do I want peace, equity and kumbaya? Yeah...I do...are there sociopaths in power oppressing the common folk...yeah...there are...have good Democrats and Republicans existed? Yes...they get blocked by evil at every turn, often resigning due to unbeatable corruption. Do I pity the very people I label simple? You bet I do...I want this planet to be a better place for most...not some...for all...if ever possible...  This covid virus isn't done. It mutates too fast to pin it down with a vaccine...and we haven't seen the end of it because we, as a planet, would have to agree on a few ground rules to consider being a functional society.  That's my 2 cents...some of it...take it or leave it. Most of us just exist and watch, lazily, rather than get directly involved in change. @soaringvulture  We don't seem to take note...we, the expendable masses, are being told to push through life ignoring this virus...it took ONE infection to start a Planet Wide Pandemic...and because we didn't quarantine from January 1st to February, we get to watch innocent and otherwise lives lost, daily...who are "we", in "we're in it together"? Certainly not the elite...they step on us to avoid harm...I'm furious with humanity as a whole...I'm furious we accept all this death and Trump's toddler talks...like a Ted talk without useful insight...  Those of us suffering are many...while the privileged watch the show They created...when...when will the common folk unite against tyranny, through the only peaceful means we have...vote out career politicians and dynasty families in favor of fellow human beings, with consciousness and compassion for the lowest among us.  We won't stop the cycle of abuse by trading Democrats and Republicans, two sides of the same evil, corrupt coin.  Vote 3rd party...vote for real people, with flaws, that understand what struggle is...that have put time behind any of these so called essential, yet minimum wage jobs...  This economy is screwed...always has been. The vast majority of work available is menial labor...food service, retail, janitors, grocers...a great many take their wages in government...which is far too big, complex and unsustainable...  Until any job can offer a modest secure household, until the only homeless are those who volunteer to live "free"...until the pill giants are mandated to make life saving medicine reasonably priced...we are a selfish, horrid nation, divided by the very people that oppress us, yet too busy fighting amongst ourselves to take any useful action towards a better tomorrow for the MANY, not the FEW
Thank you for getting great minds active on this problem i really enjoyed this video and problem. 👍👍
Literally the fields. C0R0NA does not cause Covid19 ! ! !
So is remote charging just some kind of linkage current?
Yeah, your original presentation was lacking.   It very strongly implied a full-power current running through the light bulb almost instantly, not some tiny induction.    In fact, if you'd said that the electrical fields would almost instantly induce a tiny current on the far side of the loop, I'd have agreed back then.  By the way, that little red LED would not enjoy being connected to a full 15V, even if you can run it off of the initial induction.
Cool video! Really is! Amazing!
What's the difference from a charged battery and a empty battery?
The only thing bothering me is why did you put the circuit so high off the ground and not explain it. 😢
This was so much better!
How long did that Ansys simulation take? Simulations I preform on it takes hours.
I love Derek's habit of starting an uproar within the scientific community then coming back to clarify his claims, which usually are grounded in truth
I agree enthusiastically that you were not "wrong," just unclear.  I face this all the time.  It's hard to anticipate all the underlying assumptions that people might have.  I studied electromagnetic theory in graduate school, and still needed to think this all through, but when I did I left with a better understanding of the nuances of field theory.   And this is, of course, the intent.   Well done
Mobility ú=Vd/E, that is drift velocity/electric field. Confusion over... Also the electrons can be considered as  charged loops  then their electric fields sum up vectorially to give the net electric field.
You didn’t say how or why the surface charges instantly change when the battery is placed within the circuit
Stop using your mouth to breathe!! That frequent and dramatic pause where you run out of breath along with those sharp gasps you make. They are annoying but common faults that warp your linguistic sense and lean you toward lazy monotony in oration.
Rock in space with water. Boom, bluetooth
I think he used the wrong resistor to match the characteristic impedance. Any length of line will have the same characteristic impedance, so he shouldn't have doubled the value for having 2 sides. Right?
You have just described how antennas work, specifically a dipole. 😊 This is what Tesla wanted to do, wireless energy transmission, but it is not very efficient for power distribution. It is great for communication though.
How would this inform a lightning strike causing a gfci circuit breaker to trip? This happened early this morning to the breaker on the bathroom circuit. My daughter says she turned on the bathroom light at the same time a lightning bolt flashed. Because we didn't lose power, I assume the power lines were not struck directly.
Due to the initial video I found out Alpha Phoenix channel and he is great actually. So glad that Derek now gave him some credit as I started getting frustrated in mid-video not seeing any mentioning to him. His video was the best at the time in my opinion because you could actually see the size of the effect compared to initial/leakage current/noise state and also compared to regular active state. And of course experiment is what proves the theory correct after all - we do not create theory to define the world we live in, we do it to understand and describe the world.
Wow what? WHAT?
🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨
Absolutely!  That's exactly what I said on my video in response to your first video. The truth is only voltage travels through the wire. The current, or what you call electrons bumping into the positive lattice, are  only local.  Voltage is the electric field that excite local electrons. I think most people dont know this.  You were correct the first time. And you're correct here too.  Awesome explanation.  Great job
Most of all, people are misled by visualizations.  they show the field much larger than the thickness of the wire.  in reality, it is orders of magnitude smaller than the thickness of the wire.  its strength drops off very much as the distance increases.  everyone can verify this by charging the phone with a wireless charger at a distance of 1mm.
Isn't this why you can walk under high power lines with a neon bulb and watch it glow?
Way over my head...but, go look at the floor of a fabrication/welding shop. observe the "field" traces on the floor created by the all too common grinding dust surrounding the welding cables. ...am I on the same page?
I watched both videos; but I have to say I was much clearer with Nick Lucid's explanation in 'The Science Asylum'.  I guess you watched that already?
excuses to the faults in your video..
Falsification is king.
I was aware of the effect but up until I saw this video I'd thought it was only something people using high frequencies had to worry about.
Is this how it is when doves cry?
I think what we learned from this is that human language is ambiguous in describing something as "on". It is common for EEs to think of when a device turns on as when it sufficiently approaches steady state
I still don't understand how flipping a switch in an incomplete circuit would turn on the lightbulb.
"Define *is."*
I couldn't wait for you to revisit this after the fallout from the first video.  This video was well worth the wait.
This is ALSO a perfect example of why our knowledge and our theories are eventually replaced with new theories that allow our science and engineering to move forward constantly! As our tools improve we can understand more of the underlying structures that make matter and energy work, allowing us to harness them in new ways that seem as magic to our knowledge from the past. I love to play a thought game, where I'm a 10,000 year ago human, and get plucked through time to today, seeing all of the amazing things humans make, marveling at what seems impossible. Now, imagine 10,000 years from now, when a future person plucks us forward, laughing at us as we start to comprehend what cavepeople we truly are today as we marvel at what seems magic to us..
HOLY CRAP I've been waiting for a video like this for years!!! The whole "water flow" analogy never made sense to me after taking Physics 2 and PChem, especially with the whole "electrons carrying energy" thing that is widely taught. It was a small part of the video, but the surface charge explanation here clarified so much for me. Thank you!
Let us assume that we would install a lamp every meter in the upper conductor. So, if I understand it correctly, starting from the midpoint where the switch is located in the lower conductor, the lamps would first get a little bright one after the other until the current flow reached both ends of the loop. Then the lamps would become really bright from the outside to the inside. Correct?
"The electrons don't carry the energy" followed by a complex explanation ending in electron motion creating heat in the filament. In other words, they carry the energy. This is starting to feel like a semantic pissing contest 😫 Whoever redefines terminology the most wins.
Ben Wat(t)son would be an electrical engineer
Okay, after wrong and click-bait video, you learned and we have a new one.
That's a big mistake tbh😅😂 study the subject before you try to teach it
I am a lover of Maxwell equations. And I also agree that we normally oversimplify things using Kirchoff laws. A also admire that you have to be very brave to re-make a video that quite a number of people criticized. Thanks for the extended explanation!
So compression of a dielectric field 🤔 or the aether as tesla called it?
How does this guy know everything?? You have god on speed dial or something?
Really like the collaborative atmosphere 👌 from critics and supporters it was a great video glad your first one wasn't exactly how it was supposed to be
It's like Eminem VS MGK but science, very entertaining
The bulk of the energy has to cover the length of the wire, and is taking the time that it takes (almost) the speed c to cover the length of the wire To say ''this is not how electricity works'' is just stupid.
Through magnetic induction you get "some" power depending on how close the light bulb is to the battery but if it's expecting the full current/voltage or whatever, then that depends on the length of the wire.
good
At 10:24 you talk about charges rearranging themselves as soon as the battery is connected with the switch open. If this is so, why if a second battery was to be place on the other side of the switch with its negative side connected, the opposite charges don’t begin moving electrons?
Electricity and magnetic fields observed are the effect of electric fields.    My father understood this as a seriously overtrained electrician (7 apprenticeships, including having one of Tesla’s colleagues as a master). He did things with basic circuits that other electricians could not understand, including reducing our household electricity bill by 4/5ths (but not our use) without fiddling the meter!  He just missed out on the solid state semiconductor on chip revolution, but would have enjoyed exploring the possibilities.  I wish I had listened more carefully to his attempts to explain.
... probably not bad, a good conversation starter... but the response videos seemed better, and the "for illustrative purposes only" part of it a bit of jive. slightly more humble attitude would go very far.
As a basic electrician in australia this makes perfect sense. We actually learn a little bit about it in trade school. It help us understand why certain circuits need shielding, why transformers work and why cables need to be distanced properly.
In my EM physics course way back in 2004 the first thing we learned was the difference between a conductor and an insulator which is where the electrons flow. So I dunno, the surface of a conductor is probably talked about plenty in any physics or engineering course required to get a degree.
I wanted to see what happens in the signal when you switch it off.
did anyone else's brain melt while watching this? Better question, was he speaking English  ◑﹏◐
I did not understand the fields carrying the electricity from the first video, this cleared it up.
The fundamental item for turn-on time is the physical distance of the bulb from the switch. Move it farther away and you'll see a much longer delay as the fields propagate along the t-lines.
Great video Derek. Very happy with your approach to all the "fuzz" :) Keep up the good work!
It is staring you right in the face, even in this video. C = the maximum speed that work can be relayed along the wire (through matter).    MATTER is limited to C.    BUT Light, the 'radiant' energy that can be transferred between electrons with NO MEDIUM takes Zero time to be exchanged.    C = the speed of TIME.
Derek doing a horrible job of explaining this to laymen, ngl. He says: "connected and disconnected wires behave exactly the same" yet we're supposed to understand why closing a switch all of a sudden induces a wave of current in all directions? Wtf?
Love it, been expecting this video for some time.
I waited 15 years for this video. Thank you mate. Even the best Unis tend to over simplify this in order to move faster to other more applicable stuff and this simple things always left me puzzled with no good explanations. Thank god for YouTube and thank you for your work
Well, while I feel like your first video was only a part of the story. It did kick off a lot of other people to share what they know, and this pt 2. I definitely learned a lot through it all.
I'm a utility locator and when we locate power in 60hz in the US as you mark the peak power for a line buried straight you can see the wave or field of the power after you mark it out. The peaks of signal where pinpointed and marked will wiggle like a snake over the buried power line.
My opinion is that the battery sends a signal, frequency of some sort realigning the copper in the wire creating an attraction like pulling a plug in water and the whirlpool represents the magnetic field
I’m lost :/ something about a wire doesn’t even have to be connected to get power, what?!
I think this makes video number 4 about this topic. Amazing how controversial it is but his persistence at proving his point.  Glad to see someone on the internet date to fail and be honest about his mistakes. Totally why we all love him.
boring
As the user of some dang fast oscilloscopes and knowing the prices, the scope on the ladder made me a bit queasy.
The original video pissed me off because it was total click bait.. the electric field of unshielded conductors yes will cause voltage to be applied in an outward field from the power source, however that is not a fair comparison because you are running two conductors side by side.. Yes it's a meter apart but that's only a hundred times the distance of a transformer... A real true test would be to have a 100 m perfect circle circuit and see what happens..
STOP CHANGING YOUR VIDEO THUMBNAILS!! It is so annoying to see the same video suggested with just a different thumbnail simply to attract more viewers. Your videos are brilliant anyway, no need to bow to the algorithm just to satisfy the youtube programmers..
The difficulty level of this channel is increasing gradually. I can't even keep up.
Amazing follow up.  Thank you!
This is how a transformer works. There are no physical connections between say the 480 voltage coming in a transformer and a 120 voltage coming out of it. A transformer using the magnetic field of the primary wire coil to induce power to the secondary coil. I believe is what he is trying to illustrate by showing that with the wires close together, a voltage is jumping across instead of traveling down the lengths of the entire wire. It is inducing a voltage to the wire with its magnetic field.
Thank you for this video, this is so fascinating. Science truly is the best tool ever devised.
OMG you just broke my head :'( ,.,,, all my life thinking in one way and everything literally just changed :\
This is why I love science.
Not everyone got your point wrong in the original vid. As an uneducated layman I was very happy that I got the answer almost correct. Shame though that it wasn't for the right  reasons. Ho hum as long as I'm still learning.🤪
Good job man! By now let's take all this to the next level. From fields and maxwell equations to the foton level!
He got gray hair since making the last electricity video.
Ok, this one I liked. Everything matches now.  One thing you could have mentioned for completeness, is that the need to balance the impedance is not only for power transfer optimisation, but to transmit a transient or a pulse without distortion - equivalent to say "wider bandwidth". Regarding the tracks on PCBs - I confirm all true, tracks are transmit antennae. The need of balancing a track with a mirror one is only required above 1 MHz; or - in case if DC - when using Op Amp with picoampere sensitivity, like the frontend for a ionisation chamber. I highly appreciated how you walked back, from mostly a show to a top physics lecture. Well done. Regards,
No need to make clickbait titles when you can make a whole clickbait video
*Makes video that is full of wrong information.   Gets corrected  Doubles down with a nausea inducing mess of word salad in hopes that most of his braindead audience will just intellectually submit.
Gottem!!!!
Is it The Abbott from Abbott et al? OMG!! 😂
As a metal fabricator, stuff like this is why I'm not an electrician. This makes my head hurt lol
If the circuit was broken at some point would the lightbulb receive its smaller amount of energy continuously? Or would it just get that first for a fraction of a second, then turn back off?
I still don't understand how a spark plug and lightning fits into this explanation.  When the electrons in a lightning bolt strikes an object, a tremendous amount of energy is released. Where does the electric field fit in?
The question is were you right the first video or you correcting yourself too in this video.
No, I'm not convinced. The question of "where is the energy located?" is an unanswerable philosophical question within electrodynamics according to David J Griffiths Introduction to Electrodynamics, Chapter 7 footnote 1. You can consider the energy as being in the fields or in the charge distribution (integrate over either and you get the same answer).  You'd probably have to involve General Relativity to make some local argument for exactly "where" the energy is located.
One question, if the speed of the magnetic fields, is only limited by the speed of light, why is optical fiber faster than typical cables? Very interesting video, for sure.
And it’s good to see you fixed your mistakes
A secret of WW ll was that the thermal noise floor  masking radar returns was ktb, 1.38×10-23 × temperature × bandwidth, instead of 4ktb because noise should be treated as a point disturbance between the lumped circuit elements of receiver and amplifier. Would each ideal diode  of a massive array of consistant alignment parallel diodes contribute 1/2 ktb of rectified noise power which then aggreggates to an array power output to matched impedance of number of diodes x 1/2 ktb. Suitable derating is then applied for real world inefficiency. Hypothetically  ambient heat would be converted into electricity exactly corresponding to the cooling. Aloha
All/most of this is over my head.  I admit that.  But 15:17:  "Ohm's law".  WRONG! What you said is derived from the law.   Ohm's law is Current = Voltage / Resistance. I'm probably being pedantic.   But to me that is something you should know.
I really love your video! But this analysis is not correct! As a graduate student with Radio frequency focus, I used HFSS many times for my research projects. I don’t think your HFSS simulation results back up your hypothesis because these magnetic and electric vector fields are simulated in higher frequency but the light bulb is powered through DC power which has a frequency of zero. [DC performs differently than AC. The mutual coupling of energy can get passed wirelessly much more easily as the frequency goes up!]  In 13:35, you show that the simulated field of the bottom open-loop wire is identical with the field simulated around the top wire (within the closed loop). However, we know that if you place another light bulb at the bottom wire, the light bulb will not light up simply because there is no closed loop for the light bulb. In other words, this comparison between the top and bottom wire  actually means that the the light bulb on the top wire will not light up either as the simulated field is the same as the bottom wire! (These fields are the high frequency components generated due to the sharp transition of the switch. Again, these fields are not dc and do not have enough power to power the light bulb)  There are two things that I would recommend for your next simulation: 1. A lower frequency setting should be used for the simulation (1khz should be fine) 2. A linear scale should be used for plotting the vector field strength instead of the log scale that you are using right now. This really helps to clear up the field patterns with only viewing the path with the majority power and avoid the mutual coupling paths that are not powerful enough to light up the bulb.   Personally, I don’t think this video explains the answer 1/c and I don’t know which one should be the right one either. I am looking forward to your episode three on this question!
My knowledge of how electricity works has been vastly broadened by this video. Few are willing to admit their mistakes, and even fewer use it as an opportunity to teach us even more. The fact that you are excited that people are trying to disprove your theory shows your priorities; knowledge over pride. "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." You understand it more than well enough. You, Veritasium, are among the pinnacle of educators of the nature of reality, and I pray that history will remember you as the giant you are from which they will stand upon.
Isn't this how step-up and step-down transformers work. There are no wires between the wires. It is the electrical field that is produced and depends on the number of windings to step-up or lack of windings for a step-down in comparison to the "input " windings of the supply side wires?
we can observe and use it but not explain the why it is.
so if the load was 300million meters from the battery it would take a sec for the field to get to it, would it be less bright because of the distance attenuation? also, is the resistance of the wire to it, of no consequence, ie if it was a light sec long rectangle with the battery at one end and the load at the other end , would it have the same brightness as a circle of one light sec in diameter with the source and load across it? - pls post links to the people you included
This is what happens when college kids  Get butt hurt by everage Joe's warriors
He doesn't miss
Love your channel, keep challenging knowledge.
Hi.  Thanks for putting this together.  It inspired a lot of thought.  However, I am not sure you've proven your case.  Looking at your scope trace I see an initial pedestal that terminates at 4V.  The edge rate for this pedestal is 20 - 25ns -- nothing at all like the input waveform.  Wouldn't we expect the input and output edge rates to more closely align if power were transferred as you suggest?  And why 4V?  It would be good to understand that better.  True, it implies that current is flowing in the load, assuming it's not an artifact of the test setup.  But if I designed a circuit to operate at 20V, I wouldn't consider 4V as being "on."  What would happen, for instance, if the conductors were placed 2m apart instead of 1m?  I do think it significant that the width of the initial waveform pedestal at the load, and that of the subsequent overshoot and reflections all appear to be about 65 - 70ns -- which corresponds to the time of flight through the wires.  The fields transfer the power, but the wires guide the fields.  From my perspective the light does not truly turn on until after that initial 67ns delay -- which makes me happy because reaffirms my belief in a causal universe 😀.  P.S.  I am also curious why you place your conductors 10ft in the air?  Seems like it would have been much easier to put them on a set of saw horses.  Was this arrangement significant tot he result?  Thanks again for posting this.  It is truly thought provoking.
Me getting college physics II flashbacks.
@Veritasium if your switch is 1m from the bulb and you were able to turn on and off the switch somewhere between 1m/c and c could you eventually deplete the electrons near the bulb resulting in a different simulation when you turn and leave the switch on?
Im no engineer of any sorts but this is wildly insane to me
The respect for you only increased multi-many folds after this clarity video. Thank you Mr.Derek.
Next evaluate if masks can filter a virus and what happens to the droplets that contain virus particles if they get caught in mask fabric. Thought experiment: scale up virus to 1 meter size and compare it to the upscale mask fabric.
The wires are close enough that they form a transmission line, coupling the electromagnetic pulse between the parallel wires. Repeat the experiment with a large loop conductor and you will get a different result.
You don't have to apologize for not explaining how the magic of the gods works! No one really understands exactly how electricity works. Much like Richard Feynman once famously quoted: "If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don't understand quantum mechanics."
Haters gona be real quiet
Slightly shorter version:  “Have you thought about how large a 600Mm antenna actually is?” “Oh.”   Though: there's still evidently a significant difference between the early current and the steady state, so it does leave open the question of _which_ approximation was intended by the circuit diagram in the original thought experiment. Given that it was a thought experiment you'd normally assume that the diagram was intended as an abstract model, but your clarification here suggests that, no, you meant it as physical wiring instructions—despite its manifest impossibility! If this were an exam question, I fear it would have to be discarded.
Isn’t this why cat6 cable has so much more shielding than cat5 cable?
Ah, a cognizant explanation of transmission line physics. Yaay! Good job!   What confused a lot of folks is the way you wired it sideways in series. If you feed energy into one end of the parallel wire transmission line, some of it comes out the other end, later. Wired sideways some of it comes out sooner than most would expect. Perfect way to engage scientists & help get them out of the woodwork.
At 19:45 Dereck states that in the first video he was intentionally vague.  This is lying.  Now in this video he is implying that Ohms law is inaccurate and we were told that it was absolutely accurate.  I was taught that Ohms law did not take into account every known property of electricity.  However, it was accurate enough for most proposes. The difference between Ohms law and the distributed-element model are about the same as the difference between Newtons laws and Einstein's theory of relativity.   They are both accurate but one is more accurate that the other.  This does not make Newton WRONG.  Also these fields he is talking about are capacitance, inductance, and magmatism.  All known and taught in engineering.  Implying that we have been lied to, as he does in some videos, is simply click-bate.
I found this video and the misconceptions on electricity very informative! You don’t see a lot of content out there that explains science concepts from such a different perspective. One area that relates closely to this is the science behind magnetic resonance imaging. MRI brings electricity, magnetism, quantum mechanics and biology all together. I’d love to see a veritasium video diving into MRI one day.
Smile if you like
If there were 3 light bulbs one extra on each end would the lightbulb one meter away then light up before the bulbs on either end which would light up at similar times?
I think that your explanation is clear and understandable, just not to me; you lost me about 30 seconds in
I only wanted to know how to safely get a power feed into my garden shed... now my head is broken. You telling me a lightbulb will work on an incomplete wire circuit.. shouldn't it always be lit then? I just ain't smart enough...
I Call Bull Sh*t.  Using your way of think. The light bulb would be on all the time because there is ALWAYS RADIO putting out power. So USING YOUR WAY OF THINKING THE LIGHT IS ALWAYS ON. Like I said  I Call BULL Sh$T
Might I ask if a following question: what will be the time if the permittivity of the surrounding space is infinitely large?
hiç bi s.k anlamadım
Why can't you use an antenna to shape the field and focus it to transmit energy more efficiently?
6:48 Love this graphic, for anyone who (like me) sees it and compares the proton radius with the drawn radius of the electron and is confused by the relative sizes (shouldn't an entire electron be smaller than the radius of a proton?) then here's the explanation: The proton radius is a normal (measurable) radius like we're used to but on a much smaller scale since protons aren't fundamental particles, the electron radius is tricky since technically electrons are point particles with no radius or volume so instead what we call their 'radius' is the distance from the electron's center which the mass and energy will definitely be within.  TLDR: 6:47 visually compares different types of radii, they're correct for what's being talked about but may cause misconceptions if you try and compare electron and proton sizes with that graphic which is mainly the fault of electrons not really have a size and not so much that of the graphic
Nice that you clarify everything, but still the statement that energy (in a DC circuit) does not travel over the wire is wrong and cannot be concluded by anything you measured. You need wires. Everything that you explain is true and indeed energy is transmitted the way you describe and it is visible on the oscilloscope, but that energy is the change of magnetic field - evident that you can clearly see the same peak you see at the beginning if wires are not connected. However, if you attempt to transmit energy this way you will notice LED just blinks and does not remain lit. Once the fields stop oscillating, no energy is transmitted to the LED the way you described. But in case the wires are connected, the LED remains lit up, even after the magnetic and the electric field stops changing. So in conclusion, in a DC circuit energy is transmitted only by conduits that allow electron drift, so energy DO travel OVER the wire. In an AC circuit, you can transmit energy outside of the wire by the magnetic field, so energy does not necessarily travel over the wire and can be transmitted over disconnected plates (like in capacitor). And any DC circuit behaves like an AC circuit for a short time when the voltage (electric potential / electric field) over part of it changes, for example when a switch is flipped. Or the behavior of DC circuit follows dampened system behavior with stable state after it has been closed.
Holy cow.... what a response
Not sure if it is the same principle. But we had a concrete bridge below high voltage transmission lines show a small voltage potential  until grounding straps were used across the elastomeric bearings.
It's all waves, brother.
Very interesting, the pulse of the electric field charges the bulb before losing energy due the homogeneity of the current
19:50 the clip of the lady explaining to the guy how to screw a lightbulb cacked me up. How does such a clip even exist!
😍
Energy is carried by fields - isn't this implied by the Faraday experiment?
He's either unable to understand ElectroBOOM's response or willfully taking it out of context to fit his narrative.  He's framing it like the people putting the goal at the actually applied voltage arriving at the point of the lamp are making the pedantic assumptions but IMHO it is the other way around. If I have a lamp that starts emitting light at 5V and I apply 5V to the circuit then the lamp does NOT turn on after 1m/c. As ElectroBOOM pointed out (which Derek conveniently left out of this video), there is a small current at the point where Derek stated but not the FULL current. The point about the leakage current was just aiming to point out the ridiculousness of *moving the goalpost* to the smaller voltage (which anyone can confirm for themselves by watching EB's video).   So yes, if you construct the circuit in the exact way you need to fit Derek's conclusion, he is technically correct. But who would apply 20V to supply a 5V lamp? What if the lamp (substitute sensitive component) actually turns on at 5V but is overloaded by 20V? Then yes, technically he is correct that the lamp turns on after 1m/c but then when the full voltage arrives, it breaks. Good job.  So yeah, I'mma score this up with clickbait.
Great video. I'd love to understand what's happening during a lightning strike. I believe a lightning bolt, as it propagates across the sky, is in the process of creating a circuit. Once the bolt travels from, say, the sky to the ground, the circuit is closed and massive energy stored in the electric field is released. But what's pushing that bolt along? A bolt moves much faster than free electrons are supposed to be traveling but much slower than the speed of light, as you'd expect if the EM field was driving it along.
I just understood how wireless charging works. Holy smokes the way that realization just hit my brain
Outstanding video, ty for the effort
Awesome!
hello, I'm a self educated refrigeration technician so I apologize in advance for any bad grammar.   I have this electrical experiment that keeps telling me the laws of conservation of energy are wrong and I'm almost certain of it. the more I work and analyze it the more I see it in nature. in simple terms our ac power systems today are built without a water hammer arrestor. just imagine riptide currents from the up and down motion of the waves an then think of the choke on an internal combustion engine. if we restrict the flow of air into the motor it increases fuel to air ratio. the backwards current is our choke on our ac power systems .  please keep in mind if anyone builds it to my specifications it will be pushing 83 volts dc at 70mah from 15 volt supply made from two 9 volt batteries. this could be enough to stop a human heart so please work safely and do not attempt this without some training in electrical safety.   I dont care if I'm wrong about this and if anyone who's reading this has ever had to consider leaving someone they care about in the cold dark they can understand that I am terrified of being right and never sharing my knowledge.   thank you all for your time.
I wish I could understand a word of what you're saying.
Wasn't Tesla experimenting with wireless energy before he died in 1943?  I also like how topics like this bring so many YouTubers that I watch together explaining things.
09:20 TL;DR 21:21 The energy in the circuit is in the electric fields
Great! That's the way science should work between people!
See... Science it's NOT an exact science. 🧑‍🔬🔌⚡👩‍🔬🧪🔬👨‍🔬 🔭🌌🪐🤷‍♂️🧬🧲🌐⚗️... Only ego and money is.
💥
This guy is the son of Albert Einstein
Amazing video!
youre forgetting about quantum entanglement
THIS is the kind of content I subscribe for. Fantastic.
Thank you for this vid, opens my mind up
So how do processors work then? If current is implicit on both ends of the connection, how does linear logical gates work? What am I misunderstanding?
If the electric field created by the Charges on the surface is the actual source of energy and thus lighting the bulb. Then what would happen if electromagnetic shielding is done on all around the weir or on the light bulb. Would it then effect the glow of the bulb or not?
your original video DID explain it properly. you did cover the intuition of fields in it, imo.  but i may have seen it as accurate because of my already maxwellian view of circuits.
great... its 2022 you would think schools would teach how eletricty flows... not misslead everyone .......
I still think the answer is misleading. It's not "on" until the full power hits the bulb.
You made a spectacle from literally nothing) It is just a standart non-stationary process in the wire. Many people knew about that, the question was that "would this non-stationary power enough to make a noticable light". For the question in the first video - lol, it is not. Becuase the scheme you made in the second video is dramatically different, your statement that these schemes are alike is a nonsence.   There are three regimes in these schemes,  one - static, which occurs on the time scale after L/c, where L is the whole scheme perimeter.  the voltage on the lamp is constant.  The second is a regime of a constant speed wave which changes the surfaces charge density of the wires. It takes place from h/c to L/c. That is a regime for which you measured the impedance and showed the tiny red light with 4V voltage.That is a regime we actually discuss.  the third regime is a regime of a sperical radiation from the button to the bulb, and we do not discuss this regime.  The point is - to prove your statement for the second regime it does not matter, whould it be a 1km long wire, 2 km or 200 km. All you need is the total length to be much greater than the distnace between the wires. That is the only thing you need. To be honest, while the second regime goes, it does not matter, what is the total length of the scheme, if the static regime have not started yet. If the distance between the wires and the thickness of the wires are the same, the voltage in the all cases will be exactly the same.  The problem is - the only parameters you should have kept the same... you did not keep the same. The impedance in the second regime is proportional to the Ln(h/a) where h is a distance between the wires, and a is a radius of the wires. And as EVERYBODY can see, in the second video the radius of wire had grown, and the distance between the wires decrised. Thus, from my visual estimation, it decrised in two times, since the ratio in the 1st video should be around 500( 1 meter against 2 mm radius), and in the 2nd - not more than 20 (20 cm distance and 1 cm radius). that is 6,2 against 3 in terms of log. Thus, the effective voltage would reduce from less than 4V to less than 2V, and should be effectively dead, in term of visible light.  Instead of wasting the time on explaning that the electromagnetic fields transfers with the speed of light, which you already did in 1st video, you may have explained this regime change and impedance thing in the 2nd video. Instead, you used it on showing how brilliant you are)
If the charge gradient creates the field. What happens when the resistance is 0? (where there can be no gradient)
This was cool except for the "these folks didn't understand what I explained poorly; shame on them" crap. I miss when you were more of a scientist and less of a YouTube personality :/
Why for the experience were the wires 10 odd feet above the ground ? It looks very awkward
This was a great unintentional collaboration/series. In the end, I learned a lot.
I appreciate the explanations, but this just brings more questions! Now I need you to make a video on how electricity flows on the inside of a CPU, RAM, or an SSD, as the explanations given for RAM and SSDs always involve moving individual electrons and holding them in a trap, then reading their state.
My issue with the initial video was that it was at best imprecise on the what is "1 meter away". The framing of the overhead shot and placing the battery and bulb on pedestals imply it's the battery and bulb distance that is important. At around 12:20 you even gesture from the battery to light.
so, .... what's the difference between AC and DC now? Cuz the battery (DC) does de elektron alternate.
And now you can make a 3th video about the subject.... hopefylly right that time....
Yeah, 7 years in and I still keep getting lost somewhere
In the original video, I said this is Transmission Line Theory 101 and any RF engineer worth his salt already knows this. I'm an RF engineer, been in the communications biz 45 years, and if I had gotten the explanation Derek gave this video in the beginning of my career, I would have become a pool boy.  :)
Electricity and I have "shaken hands" more than once and...yeah, we're not friends. As long as it stays in its lane, I'll stay in mine and we can go about our tasks without interfering with each other.
Yeah.. this is why i cable manage everrything. Every source of power delivery introduces interference. Which reminds me.. i need to route my display-port cable differently, it some times gives me static lines and i suspect it is bechause it's the 1cm distance to the power cable to my computer running in parrallel.
Read Heavyside and Steinmetz.
Idea guess - Develop a circuit the atoms don't understand. What could happen? Radioelectricity. Electrons Can't loose energy but can not make the safest solution by wire transfer so a field solution is used. When you have a solution that has a bad accuracy you can assume its against security and the cancer risk is high.
@veritasium So Tesla was on to something with wireless electricity. This is the mechanics on which wireless charging and wireless current is based on. The issue you run into is the impedance of air for electric fields to propagate through. Air acts an insulator. This is why you should try this experiment inside a vacuum chamber to show the results.
yupp, black magic
11:41 Foiled by the lose use of the №1! That's not a 1st! Try Benford's Law and remember it's one of few cases in math where the №1 causes more trouble than the №0!
How does wireless charging work?
In the original example you stated that the light would turn on immediately, presumably at full brilliance, which it will not!
Don't get mad, get smarter. Although scientific theories  hold a lot of weight (lol dark matter), applied sciences sometimes are needed to see if we're on the right track. Work hard to prove something is right, but then be forever open to the possibility of being proven wrong.
SCIENCE!
I think the physics community likes to think too much in terms of equations that are good summaries of the world, and less of logical chains of events whose mathematical description (the equations) always have a limit. Like wave mechanics not being applicable if you splash a puddle too hard. It is being able to jump from one logic to another that makes a good physicist: i.e. identifying the geometry of the situation. Not simply manipulating existing abstract equations.  Although I'll admit I haven't yet studied all of this, to me this case appears to be a great example that the geometry matters. And a lot of equations do away with geometry in favour of abstraction.  Looks like a mistake...
Moral of the story: when you think you know better than Veritasium, you may need to go and rethink what you know you know, cause there's a very high probability you're wrong.   Derek is not free from mistake, but he does put a lot of effort in to being as certain as he can be prior to releasing a video
Wait, so "conductivity" is really "susceptibility to the movement of electric fields"?? 🤯
If we want to be pedantic, I think we also need to take into consideration the distance between the battery and the switch (or was that stated?), so the answer to the original question is not quite 1m/c
Do fields from each electric circuit interfere with other circuits? How do copper based data lines or computer circuitry defend themselves against all the myriad fields around?  Would the concept of fields carrying the energy explain receiving electric shocks when cycling beneath transmission lines that crossed a road?  Thank you for the fascinating video Derek.
My question is, what would happen that is different if the wires were wrapped in a faraday cage.  Would that make the 1ls circuit take 1 second?
This is so inspiring in regards to science. To look at the same thing and conclude them with different answers and get the same result. Ohm's law is just a macroscopic equation of Maxwell's equations....imean that's so cool
Don't feel bad about your first explanation. That was a real learning experience along the way. Culminating in this video.
And now, current events.
great video, after watching all the others on a similar topic when you released your first, i felt like something was missing, and then your going in depth with the resources and collabs was simply amazing and really hit home the true message.  one feedback would be, you dont need to have a defensive tone!  we are human, and the content more than makes up for any mistakes.  bravo this is a pinnacle of human knowledge sharing.
When you have no idea what's going on
So will the bulb stay lit with a constant 14mV running through it (albeit dimly as you say) in a completely disconnected loop with another loop with a battery attached 1 meter away from it?
That interpretation of the problem is not reasonable. It would mean, by the same token, that whenever any switch is thrown, all lightbulbs around it turn on, whether connected to it or not.
The concept of a field only makes sense in the context of a universal medium i.e. the Aether. Neither "space" nor "space-time" can oscillate, as they have no substance. A field is an aether perturbation modality, and an electron is only one conceptual unit of dielectricity, per J.J. Thomson. The pressure mediation described along the entire circuit, and the near-instantaneous response of the light / LED, is a testament to the unified substance of the field, and the Aether substrate.
Getting tired of these electro nerds in the comments now. Nothing will ever please them
I think more than anything this shows a brilliant example of how you disagree and debate your ideas in a mature way. No one got petty, no one resorted to childish personal attacks. It was how it is in science. I state this, you state no because of this and I reply with no you're misunderstanding let me demonstrate what I mean and it goes on until consensus is reached and in the process everyone learns something.
I really appreciate this clarification because it made the first video much easier to understand
I could be wrong, but didn't Nikola Tesla already discover this back in the early 1900's? Westinghouse didn't approve of it because there was no money to be made for him?
After all this, could you explain that why we get electric shock only when we touch a bare conductor and we don't get electric shock from an insulated one?? Considering that fields are carrying energy, we should be feeling the same shock from an insulated conductor, isn't it??
Wow!! Mind blowing video. Please do next video of AC current expaination with this concept.
So your defense is we have the technology now for the blub to light but 20+ years ago we didn't so the bulb would not light.  Not a very good defense, for one could say with high enough technology it would light even faster ie super symmetry.
Einstein had the same thing from his lower peers, they would hope he would mess up to jump on it, to try downplay him in order to boost themselves. It's sad really, intelligent men who have been bullied (most) and very unsuccessful (almost all lol) will try gain some kudos of another peers back.
This video feels like a mic drop. those other hacks have made streams/videos to try get views from this mans name, pretty sad, but least he addressed why they have lower views ;)
Another one clickbate
thank you for explaining this topic and uncovering the misconceptions. to me it was almost obvious since we learned stuff like that in physics/electricity theory etc. so it was even more interesting to see what others thought about this.
We would not have progression in technology if it wasn't for someone questioning or trying something new. Makes humans think outside the box.
Gotta love science and engineering youtuber drama. Great content!
At the moment I'm studying electrical engeneering in Germany and about every two weeks I have this moment where one of my profs just does something and I am like  "Dude this guy is so frecking smart it is nearly cheeky." Every time I watch your videos I have the same thought.
Bodied dafuq outta em then gave em a plug. God damn. I'd quit YT if that was me.
I mean, you've given some chance to third-hand bloggers we'll never see again.
I canceled my subscription because he's again intentionally using a type of wire and configuration that creates and receives an electric field very well. So he shows that using such a wire and configuration, the electric field propagation between the wires is strong enough to transport some energy and one does not have to wait for the electric field to propagate along the wire. So what and nobody wants such behavior in a real technical situation. And of course anyone who studies physics knows that the pure average drift of electrons in metal is not the source of energy transport.
Wow, you fixed all the issues with your first video while saying the others were misunderstanding. I didn't hear him admitting mistakes.
id be embarrassed to have called him out and then get TOLD.
electrons do not drift ... other wise the conducting metal would change as substance...it is not pushed but rather pulled dancing and sharing...the electro magnetic field is the effect caused by the chemical potential difference  in between the battery but when the  tension difference over the light bulb is disconnected the field causes the effect called self induction ...  if you want cancer as an effect one has to use no wires and a more energetic electro magnetic field to have an effect of wire less energy transportation ...nice oscilloscope ...the higher the tension the faster the rise of the field effect ...butt who am i to say so ...
So your first video was oversimplified and clickbaity to get views (kinda lame), this video is the good stuff.
Since you've come all this way, do a future video on the limits of wireless energy. What's the max distance? How do you transmit it? How do you capture it? Etc
Is this the science that lead Tesla to believe he could transmit energy over the air for free?
If changing electric fields don't generate magnetic fields, so the magnetic field is initially zero, the Poynting vector would also be zero.
Is the answer to the question, instant?
God this is messed up. You're making a simple concept horribly complex and confusing, and half of what you're saying is wrong. Either admit you're wrong or shut up. Stop covering your ** and coming back with convoluted "well technically I'm still right" when you're not.  This is just Magnetic Inductance! Nothing ground breaking. We use this EVERYWHERE. It's not some hidden electrical secret that no one understands. It's not "The Big Misconception About Electricity" or "How Electricity Actually Works"  Electrons have electromagnetic fields, fields move other elecrons, the movement of electrons transfers kenetic energy. The source of the power is the movement of electrons.
Co co co co combo breaker. Satisfying explanation. Let's see the replies, though. Thanks again!
This series, contributed to by many, has made me rethink my understanding of electricity. The contributions should be assembled and put in a container (like a channel or series). I have a couple of questions, perhaps the most nagging is why do you have to come in contact with a conductor to experience a shock if the power is in fields?
I'm not convinced that magnetic fields carry energy any more than electrons do.  Electrical energy is what results from potential energy being expressed. The *source* of that potential is a battery or generator that delivers voltage to a circuit.  What is inside a battery? It isn't magnetic fields! Charged particles, electrons, aren't sufficient to turn a battery into a magnet. It is a charge imbalance where one end literally has more electrons than the other. These electrons move out into a conductor even if there isn't a completed circuit. This doesn't turn on all our lights because "magnetic fields", it just applies voltage to a conductor. Completing the circuit is how the flow of electrons across a load is accomplished. In the case of a light, the initial field expansion over milliseconds is not representative of how light is produced.  Let's move on to magnetic fields and inductance now. This entire video and the previous are leaning on the initial, and temporary, induction that occurs. In order to induce *voltage* in a conductor, relative motion through lines of flux is required. This means either the field moves or the conductor does. If neither move, there is no induction of voltage happening. In these examples of a DC circuit, the field expands only once and maintains that strength until the circuit is broken or voltage is lost by another means. This initial expansion of the field will not, alone, constitute a successful energization of a circuit. This is merely a byproduct of the electrons flowing and has no meaningful impact on the lights operation.  "When does a magnetic field cross 1 meter?" is not the same thing as explaining power transmission.
Excellent demonstration and video. However, since we are expressing complex theories of this magnitude, it would seem only proper to stress that the information conveyed is in accordance with our best understanding of electrical energy fields at this moment in time. Further, based upon the pattern of human acquisition of knowledge, it is also likely that future studies of electrical phenomenon will yield greater understandings that may alter or nullify the concepts presented in this video. 🙂👍
There are a couple things that need a bit more explaining.   1)  In the thought experiment, your wires were on the ground, but here some effort was put into elevating the wire (we'll get to that) maybe ten feet above ground 2) Those are not wires 3) Does the geometry matter - the thought experiment had parallel wires, would you get the same result from a loop? Twisted wires?  4) If not V = IR, then what?
Hey... it wasn't your fault!  I enjoyed the first video, and it had me thinking!  And this video took another step to explaining.  So... if it wasn´t for your first video, we never would be where we are!  Great video!  And so great to see such honesty!  )))  Thank you for all your videos!  )))
Would have loved to see the practical experiment with the end of the circuit open, as you explained in the simulations. Also, it would have been interesting to discuss the differences between AC and DC, if any.   My understanding of the original question was "how long would it take for the nominal current to reach the bulb" rather than "enough current to be present to generate light"
Derek, you're doing a fantastic job of bringing electrical engineering to the masses. It's a complex subject and I think we need more science communicators to help bridge the gap. I've really enjoyed watching you build the experiment, making room for disagreement and addressing that discussion. The science is only stronger for it. Keep up the great work!
This might be true but i think the misconception comes as these are hypotheticals but real wires behave differently as we try to actually reduce this effect if im not mistaken. At least here in Germany we learn wich wire type is necessary to reduce potential EMF disruptions in the field. Still, it is very interesting way to look at electricity with which I work every day.
Way way way better explanation.
Science at work. Theory, measurement data and verification or repeated by other scientists. Love to see more of this and I imho you made your point well.
Why are the cables so think? Will it really be that much current if the cables are thinner?
What a marvelous "mistake"... I love these How Electricity Actually Works videos and responses. They've really changed the way I perceive fields and energy in circuits. Thank you for taking the risk to tell it how you see it, Derek.
For me both 2s or 1/c can be considered as correct answers depending on how I interpret the initial question. My initial thought was 2s because this is the time for the pulse to travel to the end and back to the origin after it gets reflected. And indeed we see on the scope (18:55) that the main pulse appears with a 65ns delay which corresponds roughly to a 20m travel. As I understand the small precursor is due to inductive coupling, therefore its amplitude will decrease if you increase the spacing between wires (i.e. higher characteristic impedance and smaller mutual inductance, would be interesting to try too).  So at the end the correct answer whether the light will go on already at 1/c would depend on the geometry details (and the LED voltage threshold in the latest example :) ) ...?  BTW I wonder if there is a simple way to estimate the amplitude of the precursor.  Another interesting question is what will happen if I replace the flat transmission line by a coax, where the inductive coupling at high frequency is pefect du to skin effect (perfect magnetic shielding).
Electromagnetic attraction and repulsion is everywhere two things attract or repel each other even when they are near or far you can see that between planets or atoms, all the atoms have electrons which are in dual state attracted and repelled by nuclei, most of us know about magnetic balls rail gun, when an extra balls is struck from behind it keeps pushing the next one until last one is shot and once its done all comes to a stable state, in the same way electrons flow, have you seen lightening bolt there are no wires but still a huge amount of charge goes to the ground,
<3
So the flaw in the previous video was not being explicit about the proximity of the wires on both sides of the circuit. It seemed as if it was implied that the distance between the wires didn't matter because there wasn't much focus on it, if any. That makes it seem ambiguous at best, and a trick question.  I can't remember his name, but I watched a YouTuber on here prove your conclusion using quite a long distance of wire set up like you had it, a pulse generator, and an oscilloscope in snapshot mode. [edit:] Spoke too soon; you mentioned him in the video: Alpha Phoenix.
Let's all pause and appreciate 18:28 - where they are hoisting a o-scope that costs more than a Tesla** to balance on top of a ladder.  You are better insured than I :D  ** yes, this will depend on Tesla model.  And 'scope model and software upgrades.
It is much much much clear now ! Thanks !
Have you ever heard about eletric tranformers? Galena radio?
LOL you also made a video saying diffraction that we see in marine animals is due only to using artificial lighting. That was incorrect too BTW. natural sunlight at the right incident angle will also allow the viewer to see diffraction effects. Ask any diver or first year physics student. Don't get me wrong, I love your videos and presentation skills.
Another way to test this would be to have long parallel wires that are not connected at the end. If you still get power, it's obvious that no matter the length of wire it's instantaneous.
TLDW 19:00 he was 20% right.
It is still wrong. Dude . You are insulting all the electrical engineer here . Your second video still claim that the light bulb  light up due to the electrical field . It is NOT . It has some negligible effect but not the main drive to light  up the bulb.  You  cannot rationalise ur theory  by using high voltage power supply w a load nearby.  On high voltage  n short distance between the load n power supply, of course the electric field matters thats is why high voltage engineering need to take care of the induction effect n counter w  insulation.  Same go w printed circuit, eventhough the voltage is low , electric field matters because of the extreme short distances  between the routed circuit . Having say so , as my comment in your first video , No matter how much the effect of electric field,  it is still never exceed the  effect of the actual conductivity carried by the comductor. Thats  why eventhough we  can charge phone w wireless charger (which made possible due to induction characteristics n engineering in coil ratio) it is still not as efficient as connecting to direct chatger via conductor
Wow this guy's aversion to saying "I was wrong" is even greater than Alpha Phoenix's aversion to saying "Veritasium was wrong". To be clear, he said the bulb would glow—now he's saying the current will be "appreciable" and we took his "thought experiment" too seriously and an LED would produce visible light? And the stupid video is incomplete. He did not bother to explain what would happen if the circuit was not connected at one or both of the far ends. Disliked.
things are really heating up in the electrodynamics fandom
Anyone who has worked with data or telephone lines understands the surface charge of wires intimately.  There are many ways that the electric field created by the wire surface can mess with your digital and analog communications.
I'm curious about the probe wires for your equipment.  Does their length need to be taken into account when measuring the time differentials?  Do the same field considerations apply to those signal wires?
Красавчик. А я почти уже поверил твоим критикам. Я нубас в электромеханике. Но я держался как мог ))) Молодец
we should argue with you more often to get these amazing detailed videos!!!!
LEDs usually work in a relatively small voltage range. If an LED lights up from 4 volts, it will burn out at 20.
Why do two wires connected to battery not attract each other if charge gradient is opposite ?
After watching it I realize that Nikola Tesla knew all of this and way more about current and we still  trying to understand the basics, He knew everything and his models and machine shows how much he understood the electric fields.
Oh he has Bill Murray working with him... nice
Admitting you were partially wrong, admiring those who called you out, explaining your point further and linking to other YouTubers. All in the name of teaching us something amazing. That shows you don't do this for the glory, but instead for us, and I am very glad to see that.
This is an RL circuit, the capacitance is negligible, inductance is 11.85uH ( 17:47 )and R is 1.1kOhm ( 18:08 ) which gives the time constant 10ns.  The time constant chosen is too small for experiment. As such the experimental result (50ns/division) is as expected with an RL theory of circuitry. It is too simple to say that energy are transferred to the load almost immediately (1/c) when the result itself shows a risetime that is comparable to the time constant.   To claim that the energy transferred is almost instantaneous (1/c), the oscilloscope has to display something in the order of 1ns/division, and the risetime itself has to be around to the limit of the probe risetime (less than 1ns for 500MHz probe)   As for the plateau, consider using active isolated differential probe instead of using the MATH function (two probe across the load 18:38 ) this might cause inaccurate measurement. Plus, a different result might be obtained with differential probe, it also ensures that this is not a probe grounding issue
This is how you think outside the box the right way.
Does this explain why D.C. current electric fields do not travel far in wires, but AC current electric fields can travel very far in comparison to DC? And if electric fields travel on the surface of the wire, then why does a heavier wire carry more current, and further from DC electric sources? I assume the DC current has more surface area in the heavy wire for electric fields that explains the larger current capacity. I also assume the interior of the heavy copper wire is not needed to carry large DC currents.
The first video of him for some time that I will not watch. He knowingly told misleading stuff in the first video. The trust is gone.
Never realised this is how energy is transferred I do know that established electric field creates current But don't know that current doesn't carry energy 👍🏼
hot damn.. you explained very well on this one
Brilliant. Thanks
Thanks for tying in capacitances and inductance of the transmission line into your video.
💯💯💯💯💯
This is why atomic physicists should teach how electricity works and not a youtuber. Literally brainwashing most if not all 3 million viewers at the point of watching this
Derek is turning into a silver fox now 👀
Are you sure it wasn't from the wood?
it the reason why Silver should be higher than gold in some point... sill tryong to create an electrostatic field though... adn so we should be able to use the magnetic fiel of the earth like N.Tesla said
The things this guy does for science!
I never doubted your first explanation,  Mr Veritasium.
e
Veritassium videos need to be challenged every time so we get a super sophisticated set-up with master physicists as a bonus video. LOL. But seriously.
This prompts questions, with quality!
Nobody said you were lying, they called you out for purposefully misleading people in your original video. You intentionally left out the most vital part of the question in order to lead people to wrong answers so you could correct them. It's irresponsible and bad science
brilliant !!
This is what science is all about, someone says something and it sparks discussion and debate and talking. The drive to prove someone wrong or right. The discussion and the discovery all the way up to experimentation. This has got it all.  So i say thank you for being vague. It ruffled some feathers and got people thinking.
Ever mendacious. milliwatts dont count when you show a multi watt globe. Deliberately misleading explanations arent really 'thought experiments'
cool, amazing presentation....but balancing a $140k scope on top of a 10 foot ladder????
The response videos got a whole lot wrong. Not explaining something perfectly clearly isn’t an excuse for people to make assumptions about what’s being claimed and act like that’s definitely what’s being claimed. Explaining things for intuitive sense is pretty misleading too since the way the universe works isn’t based on intuition, it’s only useful if it’s acknowledged as a lie to bring us closer to an objective understanding.
Try this out: charge the entire circuit +ve by removing electron and then closing the switch.
Great follow-up. High points: 1. experiment explained now in details, with simmulation and measurement; 2. We are free to use midels, but should never forget their limitations; 3. In the era of micro/nanoelectronics it is good to have, even at intuitive qualitative level, more refined model of a closed electic circuit than just a simple Ohm's law (although history teaches us that Ohm at his time had hard time to convince scientists even in his 'simple' model) Great work, Derek (and ludos to others who sparked up discussion)
A scientific publication about this, based on Maxwell's equations, was published in the American Journal of Physics:  G. A. E. Vandenbosch, “How to model connection wires in a circuit: from physical vector fields to circuit scalar quantities”, American Journal of Physics, Vol. 81, No. 9, pp. 676, Sep. 2013.
Something I've noticed working on arduino projects is that the rats nest of wires on breadboards will occasionally have random errors that come from nowhere, vs a neatly organized breadboard will do away with these errors. Perhaps the electric fields interact in a manner that causes error in the signal.
you lost me here
I love a good Veritasium vs the internet video
Vertasium is one of my favorite channels with very...um interesting things. THUMBS UP
I'm assuming this is why fluorescent bulbs light up when placed inside electric fields w/o wires?
Derek, If the field propagation is as you present it, does not the lag time from the switch closure to voltage applied at the load provide you with a one way reading of the speed of light?
Awesome response video.  As an mechanical engineer, I was never taught how electricity transmits energy in this sort of detail. These videos definitely redefined the way I think about electricity now. This video for sure proves the thought experiment as well, you can see it on the oscilloscope.
This is why Nikola tesla built a tower that transmitted electric to power things not physically connected too
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.                       . .
Amazing work as always.  Next can you please address the fallacy of equal transit times in the generation of lift over an airfoil? I see that even in flight training manuals and even aerospace engineering.  :-)
Home run video, Derek. This is science.
Much better clarification on this video. I got it on the first (I am a EE)
I believe a vast majority of the negative responses to the prior video would have been avoided had the premise/conclusion been stated as clearly as it was here at about 2:10- A voltage/current many orders of magnitude greater than leakage current (that is, enough to run a standard household lightbulb) would be observed in approximately the time it would take light to travel the 1 meter gap between the voltage source and load.  I can forgive the whole "(1/c) seconds" thing since that makes more intuitive sense to the layperson, whom I would argue is the target demographic of this channel. Yes, "(1meter / c)" is correct (and points to the more generalized equation describing the time it would take), it is also more difficult to interpret for those not familiar with dimensional analysis (i.e. working out the units).
what
9:20 so the electrons ARE moving? Is there a flow or no? I'm confused.
Do microprocessors with the millions of transistor and circuit have to worry about inductance?
Science War
Don't we call this induction, isn't that what this essentially is? The reason why we don't put power wires next to data wires.
3:59 first time I'm bit confused you can see those arrow are pointing to the LEFT, but my understanding on this video, it Should Be instead of pointing to the RIGHT side, or EXACTLY OPPOSITE direction of entire video. Am I missing something please someone explaned why is that?
Meh. I'll be "The Guy" on this one. You made an error in your equation on the original video. You forgot to mention the hardware in your hand wouldn't have worked in alignment with the 1m/c s anyway. You didn't talk about the capacitance and inductive effects that would have gotten you some current flow before the total "through the wires" round trip that were 1m apart. You claimed some "ideal" things like no resistance, but now claim other non-ideal things like inductance and capacitance. To get it all to work you now go on an epic "current doesn't flow IN wires" explanation that, factual or not, has little to do with the over simplified physical example in the first video.     I love tons of your content, and there is nothing at all wrong with a "How Electricity Actually Works" that covers this stuff. However this smells much more like a CYA, Ego saver than it does your usual awesome content. You botched the other video with the physical hardware example and a mistake, it was a cool idea presented with problems and errors. Was this video for your viewers, or for you? Keep up the good work.
Yeah, I was taught dc was like a hose and water, ac excites the atoms and they bounce back and forth. Very basic and probably wrong, but it works for me as a user or fixer of said system. Designers need to worry about this theory. I enjoyed learning how it works. I am glad you and physics girl are friends. You are both brilliant.
Yes your original video was very much unclear on what you were trying to say. But I still think it would have been nice to also cover the situation in which you'd have switches on both sides of your battery so that the opposite charges wouldn't be already waiting on both sides of your one switch when you close the circuit.
And what about a conductor over a ground plane? Where is the current path in the ground plane?
Current does not flow as electrons particles in a conductor but as a wave.
The main topic of initial video was clear that "electrons don't carry energy it's the field that does"
So what happens to lights on the completely-disconnected parallel line? Does the 4-volt current stay continuously while the circuit is closed? Or does it go away once the circuit stabilizes? What about lights on the far end of the parallel line?
I’m glad you got straightened out on this.  ;-)
Why did they build the model ~10 feet off the ground?
13:00 so if it doesn´t matter if the circuit was broken, WHY does the switch (that is essentially the same) need to be closed for the field to expand? Also there is still no explanation why and how the field forms...
i'm still not convinced Alpha pheonix showed that the current to the load would exist if the wire were disconneced, but the current would be too small to power a light bulb
Nobody -...  Nobody -... Veritasium creates havoc in science 🤣🤣 Now everyone - deep diving into simple circuit and finding out how big is this Ocean actually is
Great! This is Sciencem open talks and discussion. Great for you. I hope all that people "installed" on the official theories, and trying to keep them working on every model to remember they are "just theories". Keep working in your wonderful videos. thank you for sharing
This video was really great, it could be published as a paper in Physical Review. There are a few things to keep in mind: 1- Free electrons are for conduction in conductors, they are in the conduction band and have no contact with positive nuclei, they only move between atoms in the conduction band and are in contact with the van der Waals radius of the atoms. 2- The effect of positive charge of the nucleus on the electrons in the conduction band is low. 3- It is true that the field inside our conductor is zero, but I think when we have to pay attention to the surface plasmons on our conductor in the transmission of waves, it may play a role in the conduction and transmission of fields, especially That its permittivity and permeability coefficients are different from empty space.
This video is not conductive!
I can understand some of these things & I'm excited whenever I'm seeing science videos. I'm worried because my profession isn't related to science.
You mentioned that charges build up on each side of capacitor in this video, which has been disproven and correlates with your major assertion that energy is carried by the fields.  A “charged” capacitor taken from a circuit with it’s plates removed still has a field…etc…etc…
The sorry I fucked up video
These experiments make progress and spark curiosity in the community! Good for you and good for everyone involved in this and the people who did their own videos!
I’m confused. This is exactly what children around the world learn in middle school. Why so much debate?
Glad that we are getting closer to the electric universe model :)
Imagine the "Think Tank" that is unintentionally organized through the competition/explanation effect, within the YouTube platform and how it could solve complicated real world issues/Problems.
Incredibly mind bending. I loved the presentation in this video with the Cal Tech setup. I have already watched the video twice and saved it so that I can watch it two more times.
Shark jumped dude....
12:45 what if the switch was perpendicular or skewed to the wire on the other side?
he is wrong, it's magic!
Idk, we’ve been taught in _school_ that that’s field that carries energy and not the electrons.
11:05 "on contact" thats a whole other issue, because how do you define contact? When the net repulsive and attractive forces if the atoms in the switch are balanced? See "Do Atoms Ever Touch" by Sixty Symbols channel
if there was a wire wrap that could potentially restrict and contain either/ or both of the fields would that make the light turn on faster? Also, if it would work then would that effect the wire by the product of extra heat?
22:22 in movies. this is what you would call character development. admitting fault and expanding on what you learned.
I'm stupid so does this just further support ideas from people like Nikola Tesla? This is a great video though.
The world champion of science communication.
What would happen if it was a 3000000km square??
This is the spirit of science!
we learnt this when cal listing EM waves using contour integration
Matter and Interactions..... that brings back Physics 101 memories from 15 years ago...
Although you claim that the point of the original video was to demonstrate that fields carry the power not the electrons, but I feel that not only was the original video somewhat deceptive in the way the question was posed, but the results of your experiment actually prove your own claimed point to be wrong ie the power that lights a typical bulb does NOT travel across the gap but along the wires. Yes, you have proved that some power gets across the gap via the electric fields, but NOT the bulk of it and that is NOT how power typically gets from a battery to a bulb or from a power station to your kettle. Yes, you had a good point to make but you made a right mess of it.
So.....can I expect truly wireless electricity in the future?  I'm tired of tripping over wires and damaging adapters
Reasons why I did mechanical engg not electrical
The third wire changes the problem: it changes the characteristic impedance. Also the basic "light is on" condition is ill-defined. I might be duplicating what others have said but can't read all 11k comments
Any JEE aspirants watching this?
You say the electrons aren't gaining their energy from the battery but isn't it the battery's charge which is aligning the surface lattice in such a way that it generates the electrical field which is causing the electron drift and transference of energy. (Sorry 1st year chemistry so might have jumbled some stuff.)
This I why I want the dislike button count back. All this intelligent people making videos and comments, how do we at a glance know what is valid?  Did YouTube intend to drive comments interaction or was that a side effect of "fighting bullying".
Veritasium: *"accidentally" sets off the scientific method*  ...oops, sorry   This event was fun to watch 😂
nice incomplete circuits are what nice im using that in my tech :P ty bro!!
How do we know, the simulation software is right? :p
Your original video got me thinking about a problem we've been encountering in developing a high speed communications device. If a data pulse, say 100ps long is launched down a long pair of lines, the IC it is aimed at doesn't behave like your lumped elements would expect. The answer is in the fields. The pulse,  gets to the chip, if the pulse becomes distorted in its pair of lines such that it becomes asymmetric, the asymmetry causes the chip to try and draw a little gulp current. That current now chases around on the chip itself reflecting uncontrolledly back and forth (inverting or not depending where). That pulse ensemble can then get out and onto the supplies, although it's attenuated. If you've got a sensitive amplifying IC a millimetre or two away, it'll see the pulses, and to some extent it'll transfer and amplified version of them all onto *it's* output.  The result? "Leakage of the original data onto the received data, and with a measurable time range on the edges equal to the delay time of the pulses moving across the original "interfering" chip. Absolutely fascinating, even if nobody else understands or cares.  Sadly, as always transfering information between humans and getting them to process it, is FAR more difficult than doing that in circuits. These failed prototype products will remain in junk drawer all easily understood and  fixable after seeing your video, but stopped by opinion. *shrug*
If energy is transferred by magnetic field then energy can be transfered from one side of earth to the other,  like tesla tower  What do you think about that?
With this additional explanation, it makes now sense: it  not the 1m between the wires, it is the distance between the bulb and the switch, which happens to be the same in this thought experiment. Also the definition of the "bulb will light up" was pressed. So, yes. 100% now. However, the explanation of  how the filament lamp works, is like telling the current is a flow of electrons: very simplified. As far as I know, the electrons can't bump in to an atom. But OK, for me it was long time go, so I don't like to go into details before refreshing this knowledge. But from top of my head, it was the electrons and the atoms undergo interaction with the same exlectormagnetic field, which they influence by themselves as well. Anyway, very good.
Thanks Derek, these are the debates in science that really matter. But I think your first video was quite click baity and misleading. What you have explained here is so much clearer and familiar.  It does address how the way we teach "electron flow" is fundamentally flawed in our current understanding of Physics. However it is still useful for the untrained to understand the fundamentals for the sake of learning.  However, what you have justified in your second video is something many physicist can agree on - it's what makes our RFID tech work. How the external electric field causes the "flow" in the internal circuit.
this entire video helps me figure out how to ignore the speed of light without the need for breaking the laws of physics or bend the laws enough with out bieng able to break it so i can get almost any speed or just make an execption to the current laws of physics and leading me to better laws of physics period so thats veritasim i think all the stuff in this video is correct in some why just need to puzzle out where it should go in all of science to complete a goal and im quite good a problem solving.
Who needs a light bulb? As long as the coffee maker comes on in the morning all is good; thank the fields.
Electricity=Magic
This is very cool to see the peer review process done so publicly and the explainations made so accessible.  Fantastic work.
Would like to hear his explanation of how electricity moves through a vacuum tube from the filament electrode to the plate electrode.  That would be a good one!
How does the Electric Field interaction apply if the loop of wire is arranged in a large circle instead of 1 meter distance?
This is called science. This is how we get closer to the actual truth.
I'm just gonna accept that I don't understand and call it demon magic, either way idc I just want my lights and devices to go brrrr
this guy is right on even what the cosidered the misconception thing is current science always looking at data so hard they forget to be sure by expreimenting enough to see if its true this guy just reframed the same thing in this video he siad the first time lightning and light have a direct relationship period i wouldnt be building my iron man suit they way i am if i wasnt confindent and what im doing anyway my stuff will run just as good or even better than comics anyway heh even if not right away im going in the correct direction.
Punch line 3/4 of the way through the video .( For a tech)
I am an industrial automation specialist, and consider myself an expert in electrical circuits. The real takeaway for me is the realization that my concept of electric power has been wrong for 50 years!
There are two distances at play, the 1 m separation between the input and the output termination resistor, and the 10 m  (times 2) length of the transmission line. Light travels 1 m in 3.3 ns, 10 m in 33.3 ns, and 20 m in 66.6 ns. Those are the sort of characteristic durations we should look for on the scope. The scope is set at 50 ns/division.   The two big steps have a period of about 65 ns separating them, so I would attribute that to the 20 m length. The double pulse looks like the signal is bouncing off a mis-terminated end.  I wish you had adjusted the value of the termination resistor to null out the bounce.  BTW, what was the impedance of the driving signal?  But clearly the initial step occurs at far less than what the 20 m or even 10 m length would suggest. In fact, the ringing artifacts I see with ~8 ns cycle makes me wonder if the assembly is resonating and doing a bandpass on ambient RF energy. Or maybe it's just the step that is stimulating the ringing.  Yes, lumped constant analysis is a convenient simplification of Maxwell's equations.   BTW, your setup is very similar to the well-known "folded dipole" antenna.   Thanks.
I think a good analogy, without being too detailed, is something akin to air/water pressure. Not the particles of air/water and how they interact specficially, but the concept of pressure in a confined medium.  If there were a tube in which the contents were already under pressure, prior to the 'battery' being connected, once the 'battery' was connected the flow of the already established pressure would "resume" its flow, as opposed to originating from the 'battery' and having to make the journey all the way around.   Basically, the potential for kinetic interaction in the wires is already present in electrons, and the lattice of the wires themselves move the electrons via the generation of a magnetic field, not by electrons interacting with each other.
the linear growth from zero at the very start looks suspiciously.. possibly affected by interference on the oscilloscope wires. the length of the oscilloscope wires is also significant in this experiment, and Derek does not pay attention to this in this video. a more precise description of the experiment is needed.
Be careful.  Your stumbling into free energy.  Lol
Great job !  Happy to change my way of thinking circuits ! Thank you all !
So glad you shouted out AlphaPhoenix
i wanna vomit
I am a  science student. For this question can I say that (how the electron gets its kinetic energy? ) can I say that this kinetic energy is come from the potential energy of battery. Is this true ?
Whether you didn't explain it clearly enough the first time round is beside the point- you got people talking, debating, experimenting, communicating and learning and all of it happened- literally- because of our understanding of electrical fields. If you ask me, that's a 100% win on your part, twice over. Damn I love these videos 🤘
Please keep going. Computer processors and wireless communications. How?
If you want people to respond, be wrong on the internet, or even just offer an incomplete answer; people *love* correcting others.  :p
Love it....clear explanation 👍👍👍
I think we need a paper to document this world wide collaboration. Thanks for  this great work! I really enjoyed it.
Cunningham's Law strikes again! I'm glad Derek was finally able to properly understand this to make a follow-up video for us.
People don't love teaching others but they sure do love correcting them.
Excellent work. I believe most EE people actually are not aware of these effects because they only learn EM superficially. Those involved with RF and microwaves stuff are much more familiar with working with E & H fields rather than voltages and currents.  Unfortunately not many people go into RF & Microwaves engineering because it's hard. But that's what makes it fun and interesting if you ask me. EM has so much potential...it has already transformed our world and can do much more as science and engineering advance. So thanks for demonstrating the fact that EM might be hard, but can be understood and it's also fascinating !  I hope in future more EEs will realize this. Other areas are great too ! But it's pitty not to consider this area too. It takes lot of work to get good at, yes, but it worthis it 100%.
i love it when all the learned people in the world argue over how something works....all i know is I flip the switch and immediately the light goes on...can't explain it but I know it works
Even if we accept that anything "lights up" it takes 1m/c for there to be voltage across the load and then the same 1m/c for the light to get to you and then who knows how long (pretty long) for your brain to perceive light.
Did you repeat the experiment with the opposite polarity of the battery?
What is the overshoot and why does that happen?
Using a questionable explanation and controversy, Derek just did a better job teaching how electricity works to the masses than any straightforward well-thought-out explanation (at least that I know of).  Nice work, Derek.
MAN BRILLIANT!!!!!
Can you repeat the experiment with a break in the circuit at the far end (or even breaks at both ends)? If I understand what you're saying and what you say is accurate then you'd hypothesise still seeing the 4V initial increase over the resistor but not the overshoot and consistent 18-20V you get by the time the field travels all the way around, correct? Also, what would happen in the separated wire over more time - would the 4V end up decaying back to 0V as equilibrium is restored?
This was a really great video, honestly it was fairly complex! The first video was great for a snapshot look, this is more for an in depth clarification.
Hmmmm, more thought food. Although, what if we're using armoured wires?...
After being bashed, he proceeds to promote the basher's channel, what a good man 😂
I love this video because it not only clarifies the phenomenon but also shows part of the scientific process! We get to see how others tried to disprove the initial statement of m/c, which eventually lead to a great explanation of the field carrying the load. These kind of discussions are fundamental to the scientific process but they often take place at conferences, seminars or over coffee in a faculty building. Having this take place on YouTube lets everyone witness and partake in that process, giving anyone with an internet connection access to some of the best hypothesis testing out there! Truly a win for humanity!
na, too much for me. sorry
The best video on circuits I have ever seen in my life. The regular U=Ri is so simplistic that actually repels people from building a proper assumption of electricity flow. Understanding the importance of electric fields is a new beginning!
The fact that you engaged the average person and experts in this field with the same ~20 minute video, shows your expertise and grasp of the subject. Thank you for keeping people interested in science.
Good explanation ;)
Why do you use cooper tubes on strange poles ? You have been limited by price of tubes, lenght of campus (or where the experiment was performed) and dificculties to carry osciloscope to the stepleadder. Why you not used simple isolated wire laying on large field ? Wire can be longer and experiment result even more significant.
Considering the circuit presented is true to its application. Why is it that when my neighbors turns on their lights our lights won't turn on at the same time?
Ahh so this just starts from a Feynman lecture - if you had said that in the first place it wouldn't have been half as unbelievable. Mind you the Feynman Lecture is hard work - but (as always) worth it. To sumarise - for practical purposes the right answer is given by "electricity flows in wires" but that's completely not the way nature really does it and sometimes that matters. Wow - just mind blowing.
What is Electron ???
"using a lightbulb and car battery was only for illustrative purposes" We call that clickbait, derrick. 😑 Also being out of an order of magnitude isn't "being correct". By this assumption I can claim that the "bulb" turns on by itself without even doing anything. I then would show that there is always a tiny electric field on earth, that could be measured.
How does this apply to the example from the first video of "when you flip a switch in your house..." when house wires are obviously not 1m apart?  With his 1m/c correction, does that imply it is more accurately *distance from light switch to bulb* /c?
If we assume the wires are superconducting then it should not be possible for there to be  an electric field inside the wire as it would result in infinite current, do we just assume that the electrons are carried by their inertia?
I'm surprised I haven't seen Dr Mike's comment yet lmfao
The claim was NOT how long it would take for the current to reach the resistor/bulb but how long would it take for the bulb to light; presumably a substantial proportion of the total time - especially with your smaller circuit & presumably that's why you used didn't use a lightbulb?
Now this question popped into my head: Can the speed of light be measured more accurately like this?
YouTube video idea: "How can multiple youtubers profit from another single youtuber's good video" I thought the original video was good enough, the reactions felt like "uh! Controversy! Let's make money on that!"
i think we're taught this correctly in upper division courses, but this video solidified everything very well. thanks homie
:D
The fields are paid actors we all know that
This is pretty much exactly what I had in mind. This doesn't prove that the "full" power is transmitted across the wire since it's wireless power, and as exactly shown in the first video it's down that the energy transferred is a fraction of it's power. If we have an LED or a regular bulb, we expect the LED to not even turn on and the bulb to glow much less brightly.  What we all are arguing is that wave that's travelling down the wire as clearly shown by that magnitude animation otherwise it's nothing different than an electromagnetic transmission.
Brilliant explanation this time Derek.  Ow that I think I have some appreciation of how this works, how does it work with components that don’t behave like resistors. Eg, diode with an ac signal. Now that’s hurting my head and I need some one to explain!
How do these fields interact in a home with multiple branch circuits? Why do other light bulbs on other circuits not illuminate when I turn another on?
Cunningham's law in action - thanks for this clarifying sequel!
so it's magic, ok thanks
Nothing actually flows through anything you say. Yet, Digital electronics work. Gates, transisters, etc, so it is a medium that is controllable. At now breaching 4nm scale.
As I saw the original video I was thinking whether you were talking about an antenna like effect. This could be proofed or failed by doing two experiments. One like yours and a second with open loops. That is the wires are cut and disconnected each 10m away. If the current raise on the first 33 ns are the same then it's a electro-magnetic field that is sending the signal like an antenna to the bulb as the current in the wire cannot reach the 10m dead end within 33 ns (does not know it's future not going further within the wire). Then the current is only charging a capacitor (of two 10m parallel wires) and after charging the current driven field drops to zero. In short the bulb is flashing about 30 ns.
Brilliant!
I'm curious if there were 2 switches at both ends of the battery in stead of 1 switch, would the result be different. Electric field should go through 2 light seconds to pass through the circuit, so it would take 1 second for the bulb to turn on?
You took a lot of flak for being right.... didn't you? That's always been our world. Its even more so now. It's very unpleasant. But it may actually be precisely what we need to be in order to understand real truths.
I wonder why Derek raised his line 3 meters high instead of placing it conveniently at 1 meter height for example? or even spread on the ground :)
Absolutely incredible
Very clarifying video, so good quality content, thank you Derek!
Videos like these are what I love the most about the internet
Can the electric field expand indefinitely along the wire? Doesn't it dissipate in some way, if the wire is long enough?
This has low key been one of the most interesting YouTube sagas.
This debate wouldn't have happened if vsauce was here
Great follow up! To illustrate the point further one could switch the connection at far end of circuit. Run the connection along circumference 180 deg so the current is reversed (at steady state) in the load side. What you should see is the initial current inducted via shortest path flow in one direction but once the electric field propagate trough the wires it should change direction. Am I correct?
This is a huge step in the right direction for Derek. After getting a little bit lost from the huge sponsors and the bigger stage he is starting to get back to his usual self. Nice work
You said "distributed element model for a transmission line" and I got flashbacks to my power systems midterm
Great video!  EE’s  can’t hide behind their mysterious invisible fields of magic if you keep outing them with animations on YouTube.   ;)
If you feel like that sheperds and sheeps enlightens you to understand circuits and antennas or even Maxwell, than this is your video. To the rest, this is rather clickbait.
If this is true, why is there no noticeable interface of the electric field in a circuit with multiple source and loads where wires touch each other (most applications on earth)?
You lost me at 4.03. So I guess this video was made for people who already know how electricity actually works. I know what an electron is but what is this lattice and electric field that you are talking about. I kept watching until 9.30 in case it became clearer, but I just got more confused. I guess that I will just have to settle for the explanation I gave my mother. You pay the electricity bill and you flick the switch to turn it on. Science still has the mystery of magic. Perhaps it really doesn't matter so long as someone knows how it works.
If science can't be questioned, it's not science anymore. It's propaganda. respect the question the respect the wrong answer! it not right or wrong its all about science, just science. it may be not relevant after 100 year when again Ether emerged.
So does this only work due to the switch? It presupposes the battery has already precharged the surface along the length, so if there was no switch, but the battery was not present and then *attached* to the circuit directly, would it then take 1second to turn on the blub? Id est, the time taken that everyone intuits, is it the time taken to propagate and establish that surface density down the line *before* the switch is closed.  But anyway, I think it was dishonest to keep going on about "making light" or even just "better than leakage current is proof", Id like to think everyone knows about fields, and power over waves especially with crystal radios and wireless charging. If your device required a certain amount of current to even operate, like a powerful motor, does your experiment even still work? It looks like all this was was to show that fields exist but doesnt do much to prove that they are carrying the power (even though they do)
Set up Christmas lights where the last light in the circuit is the closest light to the switch. Turn it on and see it the first light in the circuit turns on or if the closest light to the switch turns on first.
MY BRAIN HURTS
this guy is a true nerd, keep up the great brain bombs!
👌
Derek, what I just saw happen is peer-reviewed science.  The future of science communication is finally here!
9:10, I would phrase it differently, it's not that resistor is keeping up with the rest, its the rest what forces max load through resistor. it's very close analogy to water speed and pressure, battery causes pressure on electrons near negative terminal, and sucks on ones near positive.  if you look at that this way, a resistor is part that have either narrow cross-section or something that slows the flow, which limits what can flow though the rest.
So its not as simple as I thought😅.who can relate?
If the surface is responsible for the most of the energy conduced, wouldn´t a hollow eletric cable be more efficient?
How many other "lumped element models" (like Ohms' law) are hiding the complexity of my everyday simple life?
This was a very good video, it expanded my knowledge. Thank you!
did anybody already ask why the experiment was built on stands requiring ladders to work on?
I love how the youtube science community goes about checking and balancing each others work
that's a freaking game of words, but nothing behind it. You firstly should explain what meant saying "light up the bulb". You meant "prelight up the bulb"
I have no idea what's going on, and I love it
Now you see what would have been avoided IF ONLY YOU HAD PUT THE UNITS PROPERLY!!!
One more hint to give credibility to nikola tesla s antennas
long story short ,same ole thing ,if your power supply is dead everything dead .
This fool had bill gates of hell on his channel and you people still watch him lol. Know thy enemy.. he should be seen as dangerous to humanity.
In the analogy between min 3 and min 8,  light bulb is traditional one which heats up. so, What about energy efficient LED bulbs, which does not heat up?
Excellent video. Can you repeat the expirement using superconductive wire? I'd be very interested!
I'm sooooo hapy to see apha phoenix having more and more visibility !! love his channel ^^
I love when youtube videos result in great scientific debates... Do not understand a single thing being said but it is great to see many "youtubers" being involved
copper is diamagnetic.  there is not much else to it in the end.
What a weasel video. You got the first one wrong and now you're trying to recover. You claimed that the light got full power, not that it got the inductively coupled pulse. Even in this one you keep saying "instantaneously".
I used a similar scope when I discovered the microchip the Chinese government had placed on super micro servers to steal data from it's customers back in 2009.
As soon as someone starts talking about particles realitivity quantum then i know they have no idea what they are talking about
You can see the same influence seen in the extra wire near large power lines with a halogen light :)... if you want to get close
The best english speaking science youtuber !
I legit didnt understand anything lol
So a bulb turns on even with a break
This video goes so deep that the boundaries between energy transmission by cable and by radio disappear.  This is very complicated for a non-expert and can hardly be explained more simply than in this video. Thank you.
Well you are technically correct (which is the best kind), but still your first video was highly misleading by suggesting that it somehow made a difference if the circuit was closed or not and that you weren’t just talking about induction…
Dosen't this guy looks as Elon...
Holy crap, I just fixed an obnixious peep in my audio setup after watching this video, by realizing I had to use the same power outlet for my pc and the amplifier.  (I know this is basic audio knowledge, but it didn't click that a pc could suffer from such problems)
I love the annual event of Derek stirring up some branch of physics's YouTube community
I love the annual event of Derek stirring up some branch of physics's YouTube community
I hope you and ElectroBoom will make a collab on topics like these! Nice to see you made the effort to make another video on this subject. This really shows that it is possible, that even disagreeing on some nuances, it is still possible learning from eachother in a civil way!
Derek did not understand physics of the process in the first video. Now he tries to "clarify". What he stated before: the steady state will be reached in 1/c. first of all, this expression has wrong dimension - it should be written as 1meter / c (speed of light). The fact that changing electric field will result in generation of a electromagnetic field was demonstrated by Hertz in his spark experiments in 19th century. there is nothing new about it.
😄 am only a teenager watching this from a native country, i have to say this show enspires me, coz of you "smart" guys involved. am sure one day i'll be the one provin em wrong
Making mistakes is crucial for progress. I’ve watched both videos and there’s a really interesting topic and a discussion that have started from of that “mistake”.  Thank You and please don’t stop making  “mistakes”.
Thank you for the huge effort on doing this video. This should be a part of every beginning circuit analysis course. Much better of an expectation. Maybe most people won’t get the full explanation that the electro-magnetic field carries the energy, but giving that explanation shows the depth of the issue. I think people are receptive to this approach to learning.
Idk is this a publicity stunt or a gag or something? Can't you just explain induction and be done with it? The whole "circuit" talk is complete diversion. As he states multiple times, what he finds interesting is the early part where there is just induction. Everyone who has laid some audio cabling knows about this. Get rid of the circuit and all the confusion goes away. It is everywhere. Antennas, their shapes, how do xlr cables work, why twisted pair, effin radio.... Maybe learn how tesla coils or vamdergraaf transformers work if you think the effect would be too wussy to light a bulb...  Am I missing something here??
Nerd
Excellent. Make a mistake, admit it and then rectify it. Well done video!
I think I recall grinning whilst watching the first part of the first video - since it took theory and stuffed it solidly into practicality - would leave anyone who knows anything basic about home wiring .... Scratching their heads ....... a bit like with philosophy. I guessed it musta been something to do with 'shrooms or sumfink along those lines.  This is more head wracking due to its complicated explanations - but still more down to earth in terms of practical reality.  Thanks for the concern for the responses and detailed clarification - it shows sincerity.
learning more than in engineering school tbh
This video easily made up for any flaws the first video may have had. Absolutely fantastic!!!!
Great work!
Glad to see that the proper facts are being shown. However, the symbology of the demonstration diagrams should be clearly marked as  being charge based and not voltage based which is the common marking  used by battery manufacturers to show polarity. This would remove another potential (Joke!) source of confusion.
so no tell me how the power light up my house and computer  from the power plant in this way i can't undrstand how complex it will be if it was the waves
Great explanation *BUT* still a flaw in the explanation of the broken conductor.. @~ 13mins you show the switch closing with a break in the cable some distance away.. But this doesn't take account of the steady state of the wire, which would have no charge difference (or maybe less charge difference) across the switch as the other side of the switch isn't connected to the battery due to the break. (So maybe overall negative charge on the side connected to the battery, and neutral charge on the other side) So the information about the break in the cable propogates down the cables at the speed of light with the switch open, and if enough time has passed, you reveal the information when you switch the switch.  But I'm sure you could explain it better than I.
And that`s how complicated science`s are, your lucky you never got cancelled by the truth police, Twitter and Facebook would of had a lynch mob after you...
That was the best and most informative video, for me, that you've made.
Great work
After, 7:00 i am be  like , " aah , this video is not made for me,i will go and watch insta reels " 😄😅
I’m a gardener and I am going to stick with plants but this is very interesting.
Always funny to see a cummunity debating over something that experts already know for decades😀
We should call out all his videos as inaccurate and misleading to lure him into much bigger and more complex videos with real experiments.  Hey, Derek, I think your video on how the pyramids were built was quite accurate and misleading.
So Tesla was right? Is there a way deliver electricity without wires?
Ummm... I shall take your word for it. What did you say again? 😁
Give this man a nobel prize.
This is science. Contrast this with "the science", which doesn't like being questioned.
If you are so sure about that you will accept buying me pizza if you are wrong Same goes for Electro boom, if he is sure that you are wrong, he should buy me pizza if he is wrong.
SPICY. Now I want a quantum mechanics - level of explanation, thanks
This video is a bit of a stay in your lane moment. Nothing wrong with being inquisitive and hypothesising but the explanation in this video is very different to the first. It’s good see the correction even if it’s not entirely admitted to.
"Why do we need wires at all? Well, we don't."   Wasn't this what Tesla was trying to do?
pulls out the big guns now, LIGO!... alphaphoenix had a similar shot at this...
I really loved this video. I am both a graduate of Electrical Engineering and Physics departments myself. And I like the content where the subjects from the two are unified to a certain detail. Most of the time the circuit theory formulas are used to such an extent that people forget they are just a practical abstraction to more complicated (but fun) concept as was told here. Keep videos like that coming :D
Has Derek Muller Gone Too Far This Time?  [vote once only]  A. No B. Yes. My mind can only be blown so much. C. Yes. This science is indistinguishable from magic. D. Other
well that is capacitive leakage current
The utilisation of heat inductors specifically position under solar panels in order to reduce the operating temperature and provide more efficient and maximising energy output of solar panels. Plus additional wind turbines, bing bang bosh,. Self reliant. Nope ball and change option instead wakey wakey.
your talking rubbish . if electrons did not flow explain electrolysis.
Still requires technicalities imo. Asking how long it takes to turn on implies that it's currently off. Mehdi is absolutely right that such a bulb would never turn off. Stay on all the way all the time? No, but it would be on. If you tell us that leakage current doesn't count but the small amount from the electric field does, it needs to be clarified.    No one was confused that it was a thought experiment and tbh I don't appreciate the implication that there needed to be a clue, or that maybe people were thinking about efficiency. The fact that it's a thought experiment with idealised superconducting wires also leads us to accept other idealisations, like a the light only having binary on or off states. I feel like information and context was withheld in the original video, information that isn't common knowledge. That is, that the small amount of charge created just by closing the switch is in a third level in between just ambient charge or leakage, but less than what would be supplied by the current passing through the wire.  The main reason I like your videos so much is that they're mostly direct and to the point, free from any pandering to the algorithm. I would like to give benefit of the doubt that the first video was just a bad explanation and not kept deliberately vague to generate arguments and responses. I hope that's not the way this channel is going. For the record, I'm not one of those who think you enjoy making people look stupid when you interview them, showing them giving the wrong answer, and I have no problem with you changing the title to fit youtube's requirements. The content quality is still  the same.
Ha ha that explain why there was almost no discoveries and improvements after Tesla. Lot of specific and specialised language where did I hear it and everybody around listening nodding so they won't look stupid with their 'unprofessional' question. Thank you, I generally like your videos but you are just talking head, science believer you know the one bashing flatearthers for not falling in their line of beliefs but can't give the proof on it's own, even secondary. That thing with with shepherd, dogs and ships is very Welsh I hope your herdsman were wellies.
it was cheating and vague and not properly specified
We know it does work for us, it's an archaic system still generated exactly the same way  Nicola Tesla created, in order for elite to keep us paying the earth for it while making them mega rich. Every home has the capability to produce more than they require and sell it back to the  evil corporations, but how would they make money. Its a scam, end off.
And that's the power of science kids.
great , but again you left out a very important part , please make a video detailing how surface charges are being induced so fast. you just said its through slight movement which is not an adequate explanation
Voltage is a field. The electric field is its gradient. Well in electro static and magneto static cases.
In short: you did a substandard video with unfit demonstration. That's why you have to create a proper one. It's hopefully a learning opportunity for future videos.
Can't wait to fit off a socket outlet tomorrow at work
This is nonsense for electrical engineering, in my opinion. I think experience comes without this nonsense contents, real life is different.
Are you not entertained??!!!!
Is this also an explanation for how electricity finds the path of least resistance? The field is also a scouting party for the electrons?
Much better than the last video on this topic, (almost) everyone agreed the answer 1m/s is right but the explanation was horrible, which is not good for a science communication channel. On this .. for the love of Heissenberg, there is no "bumping" of electrons, thats also "one of the lies  you have been told" (to quote your last video), electrons do not "bump", the quantum mechnical reason for electrical resistance, if it would be "bumping" there would be no super conducting. It's actually part of the electron-phonon scattering that happens due to electron bands (together with the Pauli Principle).  But this brings me back what was so arguebly about your last video, this "lies you have been told" nonsense. We are working with models all the time, sometimes the models break down, yes. you are working with models again.. which will break down in other cases.... So just acknowledge models for what they are..
If we set up a circuit with wires 1 lightsecond long and turned on the switch, how long would it take ElectroBOOM to shock himself?
Noice.
Hello 👋Mrs Charlotte is legit and her method works like magic I keep on earning every single week with her new strategy
14 mW is small. Ofcorse You can find LED or other which light on. But for normal bulb this is too small. We wrote this on Your earlier video.
That last video was intentionally disingenious and misleading. The previous video was very clearly worded to make it seem as though the majority of energy is transferred "wirelessly", for lack of a better term, when that isn't the case. It intentionally designed to create controversy and allow you to create a follow up video. I can appreciate the YouTube side of things, in trying to get as much content out as possible but when it comes at the cost of scientific literacy of your audience, that's where I take issue.
"Current was enough to light a LED bulb!" When you intend to put full voltage accross the load, this can not be the answer. If that is the answer then it was a trick question.
I think people tend to overstate the effect of inductance. This is just one loop.
I love to watch people convinced by their stupidity
Thus the energy is from change in the magnetic fields not anything to with the electrons...duh
So why is the test setup 10 ft in the air? Is that to keep earth ground from interfering with the fields?
20:58 “…in the first second“!?  Shouldn’t that be, “In the first INSTANT”??  I mean, yes, technically, the first instant is a subset of the first second, but I thought we were trying to drill down to some precision here.
I absolutely love this video. Maybe now the none believers will shut up. It also explains a common problem in my chosen field which is automotive electronics and inpaticular it explains how engine noise can happen in not only audio systems but cause interference in sensitive equipment by having wires close to each other. It's not the current or voltage causing it but the interactions of the fields.
Good Job. But I will want an explanation on if the bulb and the switch are the other ends of the circuit.
looking forward to the refutations of THIS video
Does no man's law 🔓🔒🔏⚡💡 electric magnetic 4+
I think about other forces and hidden lattice structures that simply cannot be seen or felt by human hand or mind yet. Until then I'll try to keep up and piece meanings together with my thoughts. Thanks for the info.
This video is so Veritasium cool and not clickbait cool 😃 I hope once I will understand how electricity more or less works :)
It should not be 1m/c. That is not how you use units. You say "1/c s". You write the resulting units in the end.
This is where you understand the words context and conditions. In the context of a (free) thought experiment, everyone is free to apply any condition and experiment, presenting their conclusions according to their conditions. And the previous circuit was oversimplified on purpose.
You proved the people debunking you right. They said, that the induced power would not be comparable to the rated power after the impulse completes the loop and that is exactly what is happening. A lightbulb rated for a car battery voltage and current WOULD NOT light up just from the induced current after you press the switch. It would need to complete the loop first. Your original video was VERY misleading and by presenting this video as a "debunking of malcontents" you're just twisting the narration. The energy vector going from the battery to the bulb before the loop is completed IS NOT the same energy vector that transfers the energy after the loop is completed. It's many times smaller.
Why not eliminate the electric field by removing the switch. Use the battery as the switch or send a message and measure how long it takes to deliver.
it aint a water pipe model. its a flux dance
The distance to the light bulb and the voltage source does not define the current. Because voltage is a conservative field. Doesn't matter what path you take from point A to point B. It will always be the same increase or decrease in voltage.   If there is resistance in the wire then the current will peak at first. Then later it will reach I = R*V (after about a second).   Sure, there will be a voltage along the path of the wire that depends on the capacitance between the sides and the resistance of the wire. But that happens first when the wire is connected. Depending on how long time it takes for this charge to build up there can be a dip in the electrical output.
13:38 ok, prove this, put the light bulb to that disconnectet wire and the battery in connected and demonstrate to us that light bulb will turn on, it is very simple experiment !!!!!
then, you can collect that energy and store it right?
Ok, now explain how iPhones work
OK, but I'm still not convinced. OK, you get SOME energy right after switch ON, but... for how long? It is not like the lamp lits halfway and stays this way until rest of the energy arrives. The oscilloscope graph clearly shows voltage decay, but the transmission line is too short for us to see the entire slope (it takes only 50ns for the rest of the energy to arrive through the transmission line). IMHO - there is a short burst (spike) in the begining, which decays fast (but not infinitely fast) and it is not in any meaningfull way (long) enough to power any load. It just makes EMC problems... Derek chooses only  special cases and omits lot of assumptions. Whatever works for the WOW effect, right?
11:39 wrong !!!! Bulb never turns on !!! Do the test ! Ask electric distribution company to asist you, make use of their existing wires, find ones 100 kilometers long, connect the bulb at one end than battery on the other, bulb will not turn on !!!!!!!!!!!!!! And 100 kilometer wire is much shorter from what you are suggesting !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PhD did the math, engineer created the light blub, a businessman invests and be called the "inventor".
Maybe that's why some wire's get brittle over time because they are loosing mass and have atomic tunneling like very tiny holes like a sponge.
..nice. gg. this is why you're one of my favorite channels for information, explanations and content within physics. also, thank you for the reminder/wake up call in acknowledging fields and the foundations of this world that we can observe
Fields lol, energy/electricity is everything... Awesome video 👍
12:30 why does the emf rebound from the bottom of the screen?  EDIT 13:30 alrighty then... carry on.  I like how you recommended youtube channels like electroboom and big clive at the end, kudos.
Hope Elon Musk buys Veritasium so we can finally know the truth
I really enjoyed this. I thought the previous one was a bit misleading. This one is much clearer. I meant loads so thanks
What is more important, ligh bulb you stated clearly would turn on would not turn on so you can forget all further explanations, if you make wires long enough light bulb would not turn on ever !!!!!
It seems to me that all we have really considered in all of this is the effect of one VHF pulse at the instant of connection transmitting an electromagnetic wave across 1m of distance which of course will be 1/c seconds. Using the same set-up but placing the battery at one end and the load 1 light second away will certainly yeid a very different result. As far as DC circuits and the transmission of power are concerned this exercise has virtually no purpose.  The light is "NOT ON"! Welcome to the world of radio transmission. Additionally inductors in series, capacitors in parallel and resistors in series, not parallel.
If you say so.
At 5:00 you say there is an equal and opposite force on the electron, but the animation does not show this. It shows forces in non-opposite directions.
The thing is that the current at first acts like there is two noninductive bifilar capacitor with a really high capacitance. Which means it acts like a capacitor at start, but turns later in to a closed circuit. There shouldn't be much inductance due to the bifilar nature of the loop. The magnetic field of each side cancels each other out.
6:15 again you are not explaining it corectly, but you will get bunch of views because of it, that is the goal !  You say in the middle, ok then make negative wire part longer 700 times then explain this middle part again 🤣🤣
EE here. So, if you want to add another video to this series.. why not talk about Smith charts? I think this video here gives the background needed for people to understand them at this point. Why Smith charts? Well, it's all about understanding WiFi a little better. I bet there's a lot of viewers that wonder why WiFi is so bad in some areas.. and teaching people tricks on how to make it work better, would get a lot of views. I think it would be a very pragmatic topic.
Because of the way electricity was explained in the early 1900's, my great uncles and aunts used to cover up their electric receptacles so they didn't lose any electricity.  They were told electrons flow through wires like water molecules flow through a hose.  Nerves are coated with myelin so the electrical fields jump from gap to gap, creating a faster nerve response.
Was this in AC or DC
The slap of electrophysics 😁
your video opened a new way to look at the world thanks for being brave enough to do it
Amazing video, thank you!
This video sets apart Veritasium as much more than an educator, but also as a scientist. Getting the information peer-reviewed and collaborating with other scientists to set up simulation and experiment is the level of validation we as a community need. This is true journalistic and academic integrity at its finest.
why is it in the air?
huh?
you did nothing wrong, the first video explanation is also good n good for general public, u explain simply how electron n electricity actually work which is counterintuitive to the more physical world, so it actually cannot be compared to the flow of water, yeah general population only know the simplification, not the real which maxwell law at work, they will discover what tesla mean 🤫
How not to love those kind of videos?
7:09 Electrons are flowing from negative to positive.
We humans do this every day - radio waves. Am reminded of the Theramin ‘bug’ from the Cold War.
Rupert Sheldrake was on the money it would seem...
Brilliant! Thanks✌️
21:10 Re. Rick Hartley about fields is 100% correct for high speed PCB design. But that does NOT apply at DC, not at all, not even one tiny bit. Riddle me this. Let's go extreme and say you have a 100mm diameter copper conductor at pure DC delivering a small amount of power to a load, say 1W. No transients, no nothing, pure steady state DC into a resistive load. Is there NO energy WITHIN the wire? None? It's all on the OUTSIDE of the wire in the fields at DC? Really? REALLY? The classicial field theory math might work, but it doesn't pass the sniff test at DC. Quantum Electrodynamics and probability that the energy is within the wire better passes the sniff test at DC.
That's very good content right there
"The best way to get the right answer is to postulate the wrong one on the internet." - Jean-Luc Picard, 1928
It WAS a deceptive question. The bulb turns on, but kind of, not fully, but it dos — is a an answer indicating a deceptive question. Whether deception was justified is another topic.
This is cheating. This is demonstrating how antenna works. Bulb would not turn on if regular 2wire (twisted) cable were to be used (going away and back in single direction).
13:20 is what I wish I was taught at high-school. The clean convenient models hide science. I'd rather understand part of the truth than all of a fiction.
13:30 I might be stupid but... Isn't this "antenna"?
Owwie my bwain
if the electric field is caused in part by the surface of the wire then why do we make wires cylindrical rather than a star shape or fractal?
Ok! Whilst I still no comprende your question, in fact, I've got even more lost whether the circuit was analysed from a DC or AC point of view as you went on. All the fields you're talking about have more relevance in AC than DC analysis. The interacting fields in the case of DC have only relevance during turn on as they cause surge impedance before they settle. After that, the wire will be surrounded by a constant magnetic field and the electric force (E-field?) will distribute along the entire circuit according to Ohm's law. However, can/could you explain what causes magnetism in a conductor, just like we know what electron flow/movement is about, but have not yet been able to find anyone to explain how is magnetism caused during electron flow?
And its things like Veritasium. Explains a thing and ends that ends up bringing out a whole bunch of people claiming he is wrong, then we get more content from him explaining, "well no, and here's why", and never in a condescending tone. I am not looking forward to the day when no one questions things like this.
awesome 👍 explained like pro so sikky question that if nuclear and thermal and solar energy in all these energy moving process is same like battery in video or not
Very well done and comprehensive video
Sorry, but it seems to me that while trying to eliminate misconceptions about electric circuits and the way they transmit power you actually created more of them. I noticed that some casual viewers started to believe that open circuits do transmit power even after they reached its steady state. The choice of components in the thought experiment (namely the car battery and a traditional hot wire light bulb) was so misleading that I honestly doubt that the choice was intentional. Although I appreciate that you made a follow-up video that merely summarizes what has been already noted by numerous youtubers as a lousy job of explaining the topic in the previous one, it still seems pretty arrogant to title the video "How electricity Actually Works". It seems like you in pursuit of pointing out misconceptions dispense with useful approximations that are actually needed far more for developing mental models than the equations of basic physics. At least for general audience. What I mostly dislike about the previous video was the underlying message that this is the ‘true nature of reality’ while it most certainly is not and we do have models that are more precise and more fundamental. I just missed the statement that this is just a deeper part in a hierarchy of physical models. I know that the controversy or the state of cognitive dissonance is somehow the point but you should at least give the viewer an explanation of how the approximation fits into the more fundamental understanding of the topic while distinguishing simplified models for utter misconceptions.  I don’t like the attitude of pretentious proclamations stating that “this is fundamental”, “this is how it actually works” while discarding real understanding that leads to correct judgments and predictions that are good enough in the domain.
I'm just a mere electrician, and spend more time making sure things work to standards than actually how things work, even though it was taught to me in school. I do like to know how things work but it seems they made it sound way more complicated in school and I feel like I learnt more in a 20 min vid than i did in all my time at school.
This reminds me of Conningham's Law for some reason.
This is why I love science, if something isn't entirely correct or is poorly explained lots of people go and test it to prove it wrong and demonstrate why, so we end up with even better explanations for things :)
you didn't explain how the ocean created a resistance and most importantly, exactly what they did to solve this problem.  (this was in your last video)  also, maybe i missed it in the capacitance/inductance section.  if there doesn't need to be a completed circuit, then what is the role of the switch?  shouldn't a battery always be running out of energy and a small led always be on?  if the capacitance/inductance explains it, then wouldn't this part communicate to us that the circuit is incomplete at half the time it takes for the wave to reach the end and come back to bulb? i.e. the bulb would then go off (if i've understood you correctly)...or maybe the time it takes for the capacitance to fill up and "block the flow" would be at the expected speed of causality?  otherwise, lol, yes you didn't explain well last time.  but i thought it was a ploy to get others invested in the topic.  and your Pyonting explanation left me wondering what happens  when the light is not perperndicular across the battery and if there's 2 lights  are in the circuit.  don't do it like that video again please...or add these explainer videos. i loved electroboom's explanation.
Okay, great. Now talk about the Skin Effect of Alternating Current, and how it pushes the current to the outermost part of the conductors at high frequencies, effectively reducing the conductive area, and how it is that any of that happens if there is ZERO electric field inside the conductors.
wow,  way over my head, i wonder how  this applies to the giant Magnetic fields in space . great channel ! thank you
At least my level of confusion has increased significantly. Jokes a side: Understanding the effects of the fields is what distinguishes an electronics technician super familiar with the lumped models from a graduate engineer or scientist - there's more to it than meets the eye.
Thanks for the clarification, but it still feels like deliberate clickbait and bad research
Has anybody tested the cases of figure eight circuit and / or linear circuit made of shielded (grounded) wire. What results would you expect??
I love it when you hear the sound of a vinyl record being scratched and people saying "what did he say". You woke them up. YES! If we get all these great minds together, anything is possible.
Your videos have popped up on my feed but it's been a while since I actually watched them.  I decided to watch this and I forgot how much I hunger for deep knowledge.
Nice, i watched the first one. Now i want to watch this
Question from a non electronics minded person: How does this apply to high voltage power lines? I know these must exude very high fields around them, as when you watch a video of those men working on the lines using their probes as they approach the lines get the arcing to the probe from the power lines as they approach them to mount the towers. Thanks.
And they say internet can't be used for good things....This video makes me so happy and humbled . Huge respect for the scientific community. ❤️
this is like watching paint dry
electric field relation with current , was it taught in class 12th ?
What I think is neat is the responses you got. They're smart, but you made them show you how they thought you were wrong. I've never seen so many people create  videos to teach the concept.  And all of their info was correct. So I wonder. did they want us to not learn the wrong thing, or did they just want to prove you wrong. I haven't lost my faith in humanity and I think they.......
Its why you can detect live wires at a distance  even with no loads
I usually skip the advertisement part of a video but your content quality is so good that i wouldn't mind listening to it.
How could you make another video on this same topic without using the word induction?  I don't think any of the serious critics to the first video deny the existence of induction.  Yet you make another video where you describe induction, but never say it.  And yes, the current you get from induction is tiny compared to what you get through a good conductor (and you be admit this).  That is why wireless charging toothbrushes and phones are considerably more inefficient than wired chargers.
You have grown so much, in the social sense
Nothing short of WOW! Brilliant.
I personally want to thank all of your passion and dedication… it is simply awesome how much energy you put into science… But as a fan I hope everything apart from science it’s going awesome ✨  Greetings, and much love and peace from Guatemala ❤️✨✨✨
Can someone tell me the TLDR; of this, this is too much for my tiny brain.
Now I can be sure you are a human because you make errors too, given the quantity of knowledge that you have/deliver and the variety of the fields they span on, I was not quite sure you were. Thank you for your videos, they are really instructive and always interesting.
you changed your thumbnail, I think the first one was better!
This is a model for how we should deal with criticism. We should seek to find answers, let go of our preconceptions, and go where the evidence leads. Great job.
The truth gets people thinking. I thought the original video was great.  Easy to think like a flat earther but the truth from space is an eye opener. Light from the sun takes only eight minutes to reach us until you learn it's been continuously in a field in the sun for average of 100 thousand years.  Please don't hate me for not having my facts correct or not explaining my thoughts fully.  I would need a thousand pages and two years of my life. The truth gets people not to think. Great video Sir!
Why did this video trigger y PTSD of action potential during med school.....
Dude, like, put a disclaimer that you at least have to have some knowledge in physics and electronics before starting. 😂 I think I somehow understand what you're talking about but my brain was about to fail.
Very exotic concept of how electricity works compared to what students learn in physics 30.  This is more about radio frequency field induction then classical understanding of electricity.
As someone who has agonised about current flow in conductors, this video was truly enlightening. It raised a lot of questions - ie to what extent do these e.m. waves interact in microcircuits and does the length of the conductor cause constructive and destructive interference, such as would occur in an aerial, given different wavelengths?  I have a feeling that your presentation will lead to a lot of further thought and research on current flow. In that respect,  your video has done its job - ie it's made people think in greater depth on a subject that has been rather over simplified.
The fact you got so many people running simulated or real world experiments shows just how good you are as a science communicator. You don’t just spit facts at people, you get them thinking and motivated.  And it takes a lot to admit when you got things wrong. I am very proud to be subscribed
Nikola Tesla's tower and many ancient pyramids can transfer electricity to the whole earth wirelessly  i repeat "WIRELESSLY" apparently multiple ancient super civilizations has been here before us
Can you then explain the physics behind people getting electrocuted?
You know when the things are getting real, when the "Firefly in a Fairytale" music kicks in.  Thank you for educating me with another great video.
Are the electrons moving 'back and forth'... like a 'sawing' motion? If so, could such 'agitated' electrons of strong atoms aligned along a monofiliment piece of metal be used as an atomic saw to 'push' apart atoms of lower molecular weight? Perhaps to cut through limestone or granite? I have a minimal understanding of physics, so if this is a stupid question, please let me know why, so I can stop wondering about it.     :-)
So you had to explain what every radio armature who builds their own antennas already knows...... not too far from how a yagi antenna works
This was brilliant, Derek! <3
Electricity is not water in a loop but a ripple in the pond.
You are forgiven
It's a DC circuit. For a "useful" working lamp, the length of your wire is going to determine when your lamp is on! If you want to make your ideal wires really long, your going to wait a long time for your lamp to "work". No matter where your lamp is located.
Okay guys let him out of the lions' den now.  Boy, one of them looked like he really was going to eat you. That's a véritable lions' den you go through for each and every episode you put out.  You can also run around a lion in circles until he gets dizzy then hit the head with your yoyo.
There is one element i really think you should have covered in more detail, especially near the beginning: *yes* there is current in the wire almost immediately. However, that is only a fraction of the total current once the field wraps through the whole wire. I think that wasn't clear in the original and that is what a lot of responses were discussing. Its sort of a "technically correct, but misleading" in a way.  That being said, I really liked how you illustrated the wire schematic later with "well we can add all these elements to be more accurate.. but we don't because its too complicated". It really helps nail down why we use the approximations that we do.
Can you manipulate which current goes through the lamp through a super magnet? And change The magnetic field?
I still have the same feeling as last video, this is an overly complicated to describe a transformer with small number of windings.
How would this work if the wire was laid out in a circle?
Disappointed. You make a ton of mistakes.  Let me simplify - you can split circuit in two parts - sending and receiving antennas - boom , done ! If you use a shielded wire , what would be the time to light up this lightbulb ? About "energy is transferred on surface of the wire" - so, all the electrical engineers in the world are so stupid because of using thick ROUND wires (lowest surfaces/volume  ratio possible) on high energy lines , instead of using wires with highly developed surface ... You should read Wikipedia on "skin effect" one more time, because it's observed AC current ONLY
I thought the previous vid wasn't correct. I watched a couple of other videos, but I haven't seen a neat explanation that would help me understand whether or not the previous vid was correct or incorrect. After watching this I'd like to 1, Thank you for this video, greatly appreciated - the missing thing in my understanding was visualization of EM field between the switch and the bulb. 2, Thank you for correcting me. I have never looked at electricity this way and this model is way superior than what I had in my head. 10/10, thank you very much. This is exactly why I watch videos like this. To learn how it "really" works. Or at least one step closer to how it really works. Thank you!
I am still a bit irritated by your explanation of how gravity is not a force. I said as much in the comments section a while back, and I did not see any response. Is there someone else you would suggest that could explain it in another way that I could learn from?
Hey Derek, if you’re reading this, will you please be the bigger man and admit you were wrong? When you initially brought up the question, how long does it take for the bulb to turn on, you confidently answered 1m/c and not total distance divided by the speed of light. You then backed up your claim by explaining that it is in fact the fields that carry the power, not the current or the electrons. So the distance that needs to be transversed is the lateral distance and not longitudinal. This is obviously misleading at best and just wrong at worst. The most technical answer is that it turns “on” two times at two different strengths, the weaker unintended partial on state due to transmission line effects and the intended fully on steady state. Obviously when you’re asking this question, people are thinking of the fully on state and not the spurious induced partially on state.   The conventional understanding of this is still correct as we design for the latter and try to minimize the former. The concepts you’re bringing up are fascinating but aren’t some unknown secret that everyone just seems to miss. This is just like if you were to make a video that conventional flow isn’t actually the reality of charge flow but it is actually the reverse which is electron flow. Sure you are absolutely correct when you bring it up but engineers are well aware. The underlying mechanisms are cool but the implications don’t affect anything in the real world that engineers aren’t aware of.
You're like a politician covering up a scandal, what a joke
Please add hindi subtitle please it will be very helpful to understand
Your practical example has the conductors 1m apart? It sure looks more like 10-12 inches to me at the end of the video (23:05). I have doubts about being able to generate LED lighting wattage across 1m instead of the 250ish mm you seemed to use. We all understand induction and electromagnetic waves, but we also understand the difficulty of harnessing appreciable wattage with those waves as distance increases.
why only 1 Mm/s and not C which is 3 Mm/s
I would love to know how this works with an AC source.   Does current still flow if the wavelength is less than 1m/c?   Is it these fields that cause the 'skin effect'?
It's 2022. We have sent people to the moon. We communicate near instantly with anyone on the planet. AND YET we still cant agree on WHY electricity works.
What if the circuit was round and the circuit was the circumference of the earth?
Meh, too complicated. It's just witchcraft and mirrors!  Haha jk! 😂 I've seen the back and forth since the first video! Very informative & entertaining! Thank you! (For making me feel super dumb, that is 😂)
Transient response?
All the problems in the first video came from having click-baty characteristics and skewing the results to meet it.
But there should a difference in the speed of the elections when it goes against the flow of the big bang effect. Would it travel with less resistance from earth if it goes to the right and returns, or if it turns to the left and returns against the big bang. Also, if you turn the light on with blinks and not full energy, can you get enough of this setup field energy to charge up the battery, or another one next to it? This would mean that the magnetic  field is simply taking electrons from antimatter if we go by the 100balls make a proton theory because there aren't enough matter electrons in our  light year long loop in space to take those balls from
Question for long term thought: life is an observable field in an object that can be described as being alive while life is an ongoing condition displayed usually by an object containing elements that can sustain electricity/ magnetism
Hi there,  Im suscribed because i love science, but when i was in University i read about Mr Plank with a good idea "is light frecuency or physical particle" i belive both until equipment shown more. :)
Thats how we learn and grow by making mistakes 🙂
Defending your work like a pro, that s scientific 👍🏼 I can't understand how someone refer to causality and information speed but don't think about general relativity and Maxwell. I am still in my master studies but have heard and read about that several times.  Again good work 👍🏼
It's not really hidden. We're taught this from second year in electronic engineering. But nice description. It was kind of mind blowing to realise that a circuit is just a waveguide.
if this is true... can you please explain 'clock speed' in a CPU?
Good (and necessary) follow up. I see a bright future for science and science minds - after a period of cautious scepticism I'd put my money that field studies will underpin the next technological leap in history. I also look back with sadness at all the simplifications we were forced to accept in classrooms growing up; because many tutors didn't know better.  Beauty and progress lie in the complexity of system interactions.
The first thumbnail was better "I did the experiment"
It is great that you admit some mistakes and that you managed to have a proper setup for the experiment!  But I feel like you are minimizing how wrong you were. Using a matched load is basically cheating! Also, there is no issue using lumped elements, it is just a matter of taking into account parasitic inductances and capacitances. I don't see how this is different from most models used in physics
Okay then, go ahead. Light that LED from 1 meter distance, with a DC circuit and a transient from closing a switch. Disconnect the wires so the source of the field from 1 meter away is the only factor, and just light it up! Hmmmm.....!  It's all based on the same principle as transformers. Except transformers don't do anything useful with DC current, nor do they work very well with 1 meter distance between wires.  But, I've done this before in my lab, many years ago, unintentionally. I just happened to notice that an LED that I had laying on my bench, unconnected to anything, flickered when I was operating an electrical motor nearby. It caught my attention and after a moment  I realized why. The inrush current when starting that motor, which is very short duration but very high amps, caused a sufficient field to make that unconnected LED flicker.  I would make a guess though, that a switch transient in a DC 14mA circuit, from 1 meter away isn't going to work well.  One other thing. We have lit lamps continuously, through "air". But it took a high watt power amp, and an antenna, at RF frequency, inside an EMC Chamber with no humans allowed,  because it will "cook" you!
Is electricity a field not unlike magnetism? And is there a conduction medium established when a circuit is established, is there actually a difference between electricity and magnetism just a difference in how we chose to implement both phenomena, does electricity not come with a weak magnetic field anyway!
Can’t make an omelette without cracking some eggs.
I have to say I agree with AlphaPheonix. The way the problem was stated, his conclusion was correct. Regardless of the fact that small current shows up immediately across the wire, in fact, even in the detailed simulation shown here, the fact remains that the electrical field had to travel throughout the wire to actually transfer the current fully and in the case of a plain wire next to the original circuit, it just bounced off the ends of the wire, reinforces the fact that it is indeed the length of the wire that will give you the accurate idea of the time it takes to fully transfer the power. Whether it's EM fields or simplified current models, that is the correct answer.  In short, still not buying it. :)
This is exactly the follow up video I was hoping for! Thank you for clarifying the two biggest points I felt were lacking from the last video:  1 - A small but meaningful current is induced on the other wire regardless of whether or not the circuit is complete. (all those "cut the wire" thought experiments) 2 - The other wire doesn't receive the FULL current until the fields make a complete cycle around the circuit. (many appeared to assume that you meant it was the full current because you said the light turns on)  Fantastic work! Looking forward to more mindbending and potentially controversial videos! :P
Now the question is... Can you measure the speed of light using this method?
I guess I have to learn a lot of stuff from scratch... One thing I'm asking myself right now regarding to the video is.. what happens when a lightning strikes?
What scope is that?
Great example what a thought experiment does to a community - gets people thinking and DOING.
I still have problems understanding this, it's like magic for me, i don't get it 100%
You've also just really helped me understand capacitors, or more precisely, "why would an electron move *away from* the dielectric to flow through the wire instead?" The answer really is pretty simple: it doesn't!
Damn youtube scientific community getting good
You've launched something fascinating. Electromagnetic fields are like quantum mechanics. If you think you understand them then you don't. Consider the language used. If you use the word "signal", then you are talking about the transmission of information - how quickly can the lightbulb learn that it is supposed to glow because a switch has been closed. When you use the word "energy", then you are talking about the transmission of "energy" - a concept which no one understands clearly. For example, it is assumed that energy can be located somewhere in time and space. The idea is that there is energy in the battery. In order for the energy to do work, it has to be transferred from the battery to the lightbulb. One day we will understand that energy has quantum attributes. Energy is non-local. Energy does not travel, though it can appear to do so.
I think this is your most important video ever. By providing a different approach to something so trivial in appearance, deconstructing our core understanding on one of the most studied fields (no pun intended) of physics and then, explaining in such clarity and details why it needs to be seen this way, I only have a deeper respect and appreciation for your skills as an educator. I only hope this channel will never stop exploring and challenging the status quo in science the way you are doing it . Congratulations and most importantly, thank you !
6 years of electronics engineering I really don't know how energy flows in a circuit.  Today I understand It.
Unpopular opinion. These guys calling you out are only doing it for views/clout. Don't take the bait.
You just proved that u could transfer 14mW from , let say, 1m antenna to a 1m antenna across 1m range for few nanoseconds. If the load is 1ohm this again will happen, but u will measure it as only 14mV signal. Am I right?
I thought it would be instant because it would push the electrons which would push the next ones etc, so the electrons at the lightbulb would move right away
5:50 This is why you are told to use the shortest cable you need with electric devices!
I actually love this video from Derek for it also shows collaboration, open mindness, and humbleness. To me the best explanation was from the alpha guy, maybe because I can relate to him as to how I would have set up the experiment to measured the time thebcurrent began flow across the load. Also, is there a sensitive equipment that can be used to measure the electric field across the lines near the load? For magnetic there are gauss meters just not sure about electric field meters lol
If you're going to show up and go, "everything you ever learned about electricity is wrong" you had better be sure your model applies to the macro scale as well.    You can light an led with an antenna. That's not going to change the fact that the useful current is going to follow the conductor.  The original point would have been much better illustrated at the micro level, on PCBs where crosstalk/etc are real concerns. Running a useful load through a massive loop of super conductive wire is a silly way to discuss this.
Mad respect man! I really enjoyed watching this video!
Thanks for the more detailed video. As an EE the first one felt like it was oversimplified in some parts, seemingly planting the entire premise firmly into the land of pseudoscience. This is MUCH clearer, and much more plausible (and indeed, lines up with stuff I was taught but don't completely comprehend to the point of this kind of elaborate explanation.)
Hey Derek,I would love if you did a video on science behind ghost hunting and it’s equipment and ur take on ghost with a scientific approach it will be absolutely interesting  pls do it !!!
So we get electrocuted when we touch a wire because of the magtenic field? My brain hurts a little.
Could you possibly use the one player game from a previous video to simulate to flow of light in a current?
This was great 👍
Science Asylum has done this before…
This is bumping out of my head, i guess cause this involves highly advanced thoughtful topics, only meant for genius/prodigy to understand this fully
hey i really want to learn real electricity. Our school books really do not explain electricity well. Tell me where i can learn about electricity
Awesome that you gave those guys a shoutout at the end. And love your attitude towards the criticism, at the end of the day it's all about promoting STEM fields to the next generation, and you are doing a fantastic job of such.
Alright, Dr. Veritasium, why is it that the speed of sound in the center of a neutron star is exactly  c/sqrt(3) ?   speed of light, divided by 1.73205080756. = speed of sound (Mach 1), in a neutron star.   Why?  Why c divided by the square root of 3  ?  Weird.
You are white and spout science. Be careful you don't get cancelled by woke people for not having black trans dwarfs to be diverse on channel.
This is the sort of question that in a textbook is "left as an exercise for the reader".
Urrrrk.  I don't think anyone is denying that you can induce a voltage in parallel conductors.  That's how radio works, and that's how many electronic components work. The problem is this is not how normal circuits like "a light bulb" work.  If it did, you could make your circuit into an actual circle with a diameter of 6.37 meters (2x10meters of conductor) and your results would be the same.  Showing that the exact same thing happened to the same magnitude in a circle might convince me that there was something more going on than a simple induced voltage, but at the moment this just looks more like smoke and mirrors for the sake of a cheap parlour trick.  Yes current flow can induce voltage, and it can also influence how the current flows in a conductor, but it's not the main way the energy gets to the light bulb.  Similarly Rick Hartley is not concerned about fields as the main motive force in the circuit, he's concerned about ways of minimising the effect of the fields on the circuit.  One of the limiting factors in computers and especially processors is in dealing with those fields and negating the effects - that's why Rick said you had to define the transmission lines - for very high frequencies, the design of the PCB and the processor is critical.  I'm a bit disappointed you used his words to make it seem like he was agreeing with you.
ok so how does this relate to how powerlines work? They are skamming us by making us think they are pumping us something?
This smells like Volta VS Galvani again.
Love this broadcasting of science debates!
Hi,  great explanation ! With the former video, I didn't fully understand. This one fixes everything. It explains why my current-detector screw-driver lighted up when touching a wire that was totally off circuit.  Now I have a question about micro-electronics: in our computers, the length of the lines are important; the motheboard designers carrefully ensure that all parallel wires between CPU and RAM all have the same length. Could you explain why while the length of the wire is not important to light a bulb, but very important to transmit a digital signal ?
Gotta say this video had a lot of things that flew over my head as someone who struggled with high school physics but nevertheless I love watching and hearing about things like this.
By making that mistake, you got a lot of youtube views from responses. 👍
Wonderful to see so many people interested in actual science rather than trolling and tearing someone down.  Good work Veritasium!
Awesome followup video. However, I would argue the right way to express this effect is as a distinct and significant form of leakage, not that it is powered in 1/c seconds.
Your bigger mistake was that the question you asked at the start of the original video was poorly phrased and intentionally misleading, not just the explanation. It was intentionally misleading in that it asked when the bulb would be "on", to be accurate and not misleading it should have asked "how long until the bulb begins to glow at ~0.01% of its full brightness?". But if you had phrased that question accurately then almost no one would get it wrong, and even fewer would continue watching beyond the question...
Interested to see the same thing, but with coax cables
Credit can be given. But this whole thing seems more like a click bait than a proper science video.
Well done on the video! :) felt a bit like a thesis. But I know why you had to. hahaha.
i just want to be loved
why would the light turn on when the circuit is broken, wouldn't that be the same as the circuit not being broken but the switch disengaged
At 1.25 speed, you sound a lot like Jessie Eisenberg.  That is all.
Thanks for the clarification - really appreciate your approach as well as the high quality of presentation - as usual. I think the choice of 1 meter spacing can still lead to further misunderstanding. If 1 meter became 1km, i believe the 1km/c response would be reduced in voltage by a factor of 1000. All you would see on the oscilloscope would be the round trip response thru the conductor and the direct coupling from switch to light bulb (free space propagation) would be miniscule. This highlights the difference between free space and conductor-guided propagation. Thanks again!
I think you proved A.M. radios work. but i do like the video.
Veritasium went from “understandable and interesting to all” to “Highly concentrated pure physics” material!!  I’m losing interest now!
Lap turning on on 20 percent of the load is completely different from lamp turning on, you made a video on how a lap gets 20% energy from wire induction before turning back on, congratulations!
I needed this
Then what is current density?
Thank you Derek! I love sciences and eng. and happy to see your videos create so many views and excitment, I learned a lot. Before Maxwell there was Faraday who imagined and demonstrated the concept of fields which Maxwell put in math equations, field concept used by Einstein and others later. It is very important to be able to imagine the concepts to make significant breakthroughs.
9:40 moving of electrons does create magnetic field which carries energy yes, but this is no mystery. You are literally spinning and twisting easy consents to make them hard.
Interesting video and you must get lots of attention from critics with so many views  - 2.9 million since 29th April 2020 which is probably the most in the world on this subject at this time. ;-) So I think I get it, you wanted to change a perspective  on the electomagnetic field through  a circuit?  Well the human body is  like the most sophisticated circuit known! Indeed I already use one such perspective as as an electronic antibiotic /antimicrobial which I applied  during this Coronavirus health crisis instead of £15-20k+ per capita debt issued by government without my consent. I label it as post industrial knowledge economy and my country is one of the largest exporters of it.
I love the "peer review" reactions and the dialog. This is what we need. Everywhere,  in science,  politics etc. This is what the most powerful neurologic network looks like. Cheers ! Let's keep arguing ! Peacefully and intelligently if we can !
With the capacitors sure 1m/c. Full power still needs a half loop?
I STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING
Here is all you need to know to understand what is going on here. I'll give you a real basic run down that I learned in my first two years of electrical engineering. Voltage is a POTENTIAL difference in charges. It's charge's equivalent of placing a ball at the top of a steep hill. At the top of the hill the ball has a high potential energy. It's is only high because it is being measured relative to the lowest part of the hill. If suddenly the bottom of the hill rose to the height of the top of the hill, the ball would have no more potential energy despite having done nothing. That is what a multimeter measures, the difference in charge density, that's what volts are. If you measure 10V in relation to ground, and then 5V in relation to ground, but then measure them in relation to each other, you only measure 5v. The reason current flows is because it is attempting to balance out the potential difference. It wants to have an even dispersion of electrons throughout the entire circuit, so it is actually moving electrons from high concentration to low concentration to achieve that neutrality.       Next, moving charges create magnetic fields. So whenever an electron moves, it is creating a magnetic field. If you connect the two ends of a battery, which have a voltage in relation to one another, the electrons are moving through the wire, and thus surrounding that wire is a magnetic field. It's why when you hold a compass up to a nail wrapped in coil the needle points to the circuit. It is being affected by the magnetic field.       And finally that brings us to what we need to understand about what is going on here; a thing called induced current/electromagnetic induction/faraday's law. If I have a magnetic field, from lets say a fridge magnet, and I pass a conductor through that field, it actually has an effect on the electrons in that wire. Remember, moving charges create a magnetic field, so if I'm moving my conductor through a magnetic field, I must then create moving charges. These charges act in a way of repulsion to the magnetic field, as in the electrons inside the conductor move in order to create a magnetic field that OPPOSES the magnetic field they are being moved through, or brought into contact with, or that is moving through them. Think about what would happen if they created a magnetic field in the same direction, which would amplify the field. You would suddenly get a feedback loop where the electrons moving make the field stronger, and the field is making the electrons move, so it makes sense that it would have to oppose said magnetic field to obey conservation of energy. Now understand that like all fields, the sphere of influence is related to the distance from the source. That means the farther you get away from the source, the weaker the field gets, exponentially. For a really strong magnet I can hold a piece of metal a few inches from it and barely feel its strength, but touch the metal to the magnet and it takes all your strength to remove it. That is because the magnetic flux is most dense near the source, and the less dense the flux the less effect the field has.       Finally understand that what is being said in this video is that the induced current in the wire 1m away from the switch, which is created when the switch is closed (thus allowing electrons to flow and a magnetic field to propagate from the wire, inducing a current in the other wire) is strong enough to light the bulb. It's technically true, yes, but it is misleading because it is not equal to the full current that is capable when the EMF propagates the entire wire and the full current is established. You would see the lightbulb light up some percentage of the full brightness it would achieve with the full current based on faraday's law and the distance between the wires, and then after the EMF has propagated the entire wire you would see the bulb light up to full brightness. It's the reason I cannot charge my phone from across the room with my wireless charger, and why your computer doesn't malfunction every time you turn on your toaster or hairdryer. It is definitely not a completely negligible effect, and when used in the correct way can be powerful. It is useful to help understand what is actually occurring in a circuit as well. But the question is misleading because the assumption is that the question is asking when the bulb will light up at the fullest brightness it will achieve, not when it will barely light up due to the induced current in the parallel wire.   P.S.  I know this video is in response to the hundreds of other videos that said what I just said and that it was very well put together and professional. I just wanted to give others the rundown of why this video even needed to be made in the first place.
Does the change in electric flow change starting at the point the wires connect at the switch, or from the battery?
amazing video... enjoyed the discussion and responses from other youtubers too.... now after this video, i hope Mehdi will make one more response video... can't wait to watch....
I am happy to know that i already knew most of it  being a 2nd year graduation student but it is also comical to see that many many many of the youtubers don't know these things😅😂
Great job with calrification! Video is great!
So you are saying electrons don't carry the energy, but again you are saying they are pushed by the field. So they move or not?
One major mistake in last video and corrected in the current video is that in last video he said time taken is dependent on distance from battery to bulb on switch on. Where as in current video  he said time taken to switch on is based on distance between switch and bulb thus correcting causality issue.
Now do the converse: battery and load separated by 300,000 km
hahaha noob
A couple of things. 1) At these speeds, shouldn't there be a calculation done on skin deapth to find out if the current is happening on the inside of the wire or just the outside skin deapth of the conductor and,  2) Wouldn't it be the changing magnetic field that would cause a Lentz law induction of current in the opposite direction as the first wire as opposed to the electric field causing a current? Or are both arguments valid? It looks a lot like a text book example of two conductor wires experiencing forces on each other because of the direction of their currents.  This work is phenomenal by the way. Well done. I can see a lot of people becoming interested in electrical engineering and physics because of this.
My question still stands from the earlier video: how does insulation affect this phenomenon? If the wire is fully insulated, is the effect across the 1m gap (or any gap) eliminated?
I understood your first explanation. I like the more elaborate explanation in this video. I'm living proof that you don't even have to be an engineering student... I used to make radios from a cigarette box, the foil and cellophane from the box, a piece of wire and some pennies. My radio would pick up signals from about three or four AM stations depending on which direction you faced, the strength of the signal and the weather. No batteries. I was a kid and often explained to people of all ages that the electricity and the radio signal run along the planet. We have a difficult time picturing things that are not seen. Items I used to build my little radios I would find walking down the street and trash bins with wires in them. I sold them for as much as thirty cents. That was enough for a poor little girl in the sixties. Smile.
This can be explained with the incandescent light glowing below transmission lines too.
that's crazy how I've been following all the EE channels mentioned at three end here, and in fact I happened to have watched all those replies when they showed up in relation to the original video! Except I don't think I watched bigclive's response but his channel has been one of my favorites of the bunch for a long time! love watching him reverse engineer all the most random lights and shady Chinese products with that Scottish(?) accent of his lol 👍🏽
We need 3 ligths, one in each side of the rectangle.
22:00 This is why we CANNOT have a Ministry of Disinformation in the federal government. What if they banned Derek's first video due to misinformation and we lost all the new information that this debate generated. Mistakes were admitted and through debate we all have a better understanding.
didnt he made this video months ago ?
But why the only shown measurements is the 1 meter apart? I was actually hoping to see it change if the switch was moved to both ends. Why not show measurements of electric fields as well.. This vid still seems incomplete.  Just to clarify, I am not a skeptic. This is really informative. But I was just hoping the experiment was maximised by taking measurements.
Thanks for going that extra mile/light second to provide this answer. Of course, every answer leads to more questions. How about running this same experiment through that model software but with the wire having two big loops to either side of the switch & light which will remain 1 meter apart?
Thank you so much for showing how the charge density varies along the surface of the wire like that!
This whole months long exchange was fascinating to watch. I've learned so much! One thing I still do not understand is what is the nature of the electric field? If electrons don't create it but are moved by it, how does an electron imbalance in a battery cause it? What is it propagated by? Is it photons? or is it simply limited by the cosmic speed limit in the same way photons are? So many questions!
Nice ! Now put some 7.230MHz in that loop antena and send some fun SSTV pics and explain us why ionosphere some time reflect signal and some time absorbe it ! 73
I watched EEVblog's explanation after watching your video, it was kind of thrilling, even if I don't really understand it that much.  This video helped me understand the topic much more.
You're mixing some different concepts and analysis: transient response with steady state, or from other perspective: A.C. with D.C.
We truly stand on the shoulders of giants, don’t we?
At 00:10:52 "we now have the full potential difference on both sides of the switch" - effectively the SAME potential is seen on both sides of the switch *(and no current is flowing),  now continuing; "when we close the swtich, the surface charges on both sides of the switch neutralize each other on contact and at that instant the elelctric field inside the conductor is no longer at zero and current starts flowing through the switch".  Finally; "the change in the electic field travels out at the speed of light", and you changed the forumla to 1m/c. Good enough. But why do we need all this chit-chat video about fields vs electons and motion, or no motion? It all just seems to be a huge overcomplication, to much so, to be introduced for debate on youtube. Ie;  the part following at 00:13:13 comprise a nine-minute explaination, extention of a theory that doesn't serve the preceeding explanations, we knew about wireless chargers, previously. But we got the supplementary video anyway.  This one video has burned as much as 1.4 milion hours of view time, over a mistake? Just, wow.
Completely unrelated but it just occurred to me since all speed is relative, if something is moving half the speed of light one way and another thing is going half the speed of light plus a little extra, can’t you go faster than the speed of light relative to each other?
Oh man, you should have experimented with moving the switch further and further away from the resistor and show that as it moves away, the voltage drop accorss the resistor also shows up slower.
If causality is not violated and this initial current, which would be enough to power a small LED, then we would see the LED light up regardless of whether the wires are connected (or are even there in  the first place)?
One of your best videos yet!  Thanks!!!
Nice job of using HFSS to prove your point. A field simulator is always going to give the full picture compared to a lumped model simulator (like Spice) which misses the nuances of the fields unless modelled with a distributed element RLGC network (R and G representing the losses of a real conductor). The only difficulty with HFSS is that you have to set up all the boundary conditions and it becomes non-trivial and not essential for simple circuits. However, HFSS will model real physical devices such as exotic transmission lines, spiral inductors etc in the presence of other interfering devices once the boundary conditions are put into place.
electrical engineers are the 3rd most boring people on the planet.
This vid is great.
This seems to explain how volt meters that wrap around a wire without physical contact work. It also confirms what I had heard about people stealing power by putting a device near high voltage power lines.
This video was what I have been looking for ever since I was taught circuits. From the first time I asked a ‘similar’ thought experiment to my physics teacher (safe to say she was surprised but dismissive and told me that in a VIVA she is the one asking questions) … to the time I saw your circuit video years later and thought… “okay… didn’t quite understand but seems interesting”……to finally this explanation.  Thank you for all that you do!
This is a misunderstanding I am having. Electrons are not being added to the light bulb from the power source when you engage the switch. You are just exciting electrons already present in the material.  Unless the metal is taking electrons out of the surrounding material, in this case the air atoms. Or are you saying electrons are being added to the light bulb from the switch, being transmitted through the air.  If they were truly flowing and not being added from the switch when the switch is engaged, or if they were being transmitted from the switch. I would think that as more wire is exposed to the changing field, more electrons would flow into the bulb, giving off a steadily higher reading at the bulb as more electrons start flowing into it.  If not being transmitted, at some point i would assume they would "flow" in the opposite direction when the end of the wire (assuming it ended at a point) lost enough electrons to start "pulling" them back into the metal atoms.  I never thought of electrons being pushed by the battery into the circuit. I thought of it more as the electrons are being "pulled" through the system. Being attracted to the positive metal atoms, and since the electrons can move much easier than the metal atoms bonded together. It flows, kinda like high pressure moves to low pressure. The metal atom start to move when too much electrons are added to the system thus causing it to melt.  And since the positive side of the battery takes the electrons out of the circuit, creating a "low pressure" electrons flowed through the circuit. I could be completely wrong with that assumption though.  Or maybe there is a confusion of excited electrons, and a flow of electrons from a power source? Idk maybe you can read this and help me understand better? Are electrons being transmitted from the switch, or is the electromagnetic field just exciting the electrons causing them to move but no electrons are being added?
Derek, I would never have so clear understanding of this, without your video. Thanks for doing such a great job!!
Awesome video!!! Though for future videos about electricity, explaining why the electric field vectors are pointed in the opposite direction of their effect on electrons would be helpful for those not familiar with it!
I like this so much! 🤩 You should always make response videos!!  The greatest teachers on Youtube explaining things to each other is another level of education and entertainment!!
IT'S CALLED AN ANTENNA  YOU BUILT AN ANTENNA
The fact that the initial current is tiny, means that power isnt mainly distributed through its local magnetic field, you are just demonstrating induction
Please post this video on veritas spanish chanel please!
My favorite response to the original video was a video that pointed out that one can ignore any length of the wire more than a meter on either end because  two charged conductors close to each other create a capacitor and that helped me visualize the concept Derek is illustrating here
10:35 What causes the positive and negative surface charges on the wire when the circuit switch is open? Just the the electric field emanating from the battery? And regardless of whether the switch is open or closed, why are the surface charges on the wire on one end of the battery positive and negative on the other? It's easy to understand why this is from the lumped sum model that I and most people are taught but with this explanation I don't know how the fields create a positive surface charge in some places and a negative one in others
hmm thought I had it after the last video. lol
This is pretty much exactly how I would explain it
The redemption arc
Nice. Get some sleep, Dude.
First video is kinda like an introduction now. I feel like ive got a much more in depth idea of whats going on than after the first one
misconception ruins everything, thanks Derek much for clearing up my view ❤
This is why the internet was made! Public discussion on any topic. Where anyone can have a voice, and ask more detailed questions. And clarify opinions and statements. Good one Derek! Perfect execution.
I just took my Junior electrical engineering electromagnetics class and we talked just about all of this stuff. Especially transmission lines!
It’s May 1st, 2022 and my 372,565 mile of wire order is still on back order with my electrical supplier.  Thus I have been unable to duplicate the original experiment.
Oh @Veritasium you are confusung people even more with self-contradictions- "4:50 charge density inside conductor is zero"  no it isn't. You even say so- "5:54 electric field comes from charges on the surface of the wires" "6:01 starting with an excess of electrons" There is no clear delineation between "surface" and "inside" a conductor but there is an effect where electric and magnetic fields cause excess + or - charge to repel itself hence causing the net non-zero charge density to be more concentrated the further from the centre of the conductor - hence more on the surface.  "6:47 electrons moving the radius of a proton can establish the surface charges you see", yes, non-zero net charges are caused by the smallest amount of unbalanced charge- but not zero. Your line at 4:50 should say "charge density inside conductor is ALMOST zero"
So! Why do lights always go out progressively across a city in the movies?
What a shame. You dont show how you connect the scope. With this connection you chance the experiment. Perhaps the probes of the scope have more influence as the wire. The 4 V is only after about 10 ns. That is more than 1m/c = 3.3 ns. What is a resistor in the first 50 ns?.  If you repeated the experiment with a distance of 0.1 m of the wire instead of 1 m with the same connection of the scope, than one can get information of the influence of the probes. If you are right than the 4 V must reach in 1 ns. The additional effort would be small. Really bad.
So if you used a dual switch on either side of the battery, I would expect your theory to have the same results. Is this true?
Great video when anyone asks me about electricity I'll send them here.
this only proves one thing: if you want truth on the internet, first confidently post something untrue (or partially true). there will always be someone coming in with the "akshually" to clear it up
This is what happens when you don't actually work with the things you talk about. The bulb is not lit until the switch is closed. Try it. It is introduced in basic electronics for children. What are you thinking?
This is what I love about science, nobody win or lose in being right or wrong. If you're right you still learn something in defending your argument, if you're wrong you will learn the right things, everbody wins.
TLDW: Induction.
And this is what makes YouTube a great platform! First, you didn't need a grant to afford the awesome science work you ALL do, and we get to watch all our favorite gurus wrestling together over assumed science, into better understanding. ElectroBOOM (I will NEVER try that at home) and Alpha Phoenix - thank you for making our students excited to learn more! Please keep it up!!
Well then.... (if this theory is correct) wouldn’t two separate circuits set up next to each other with reversed polarity cancel each other out therefore stopping the flow of energy??? How do circuit boards and microprocessors function with all these fields in close proximity to each other??? 🤯
This actually clears it up more, the previous video felt interesting but still confusing
data noise is also a resons we still use wires, just look at Bluetooth microphone vs a wired(good microphone with and without dongle)
I feel like the first video was very understandable and people smart enough to have science youtube channels should've understood what he was talking about.
you simply contradict yourself by using the abstraction of the field.  tell me: if all mass was perfectly and completely stationary when that circuit was closed, would you have that bulb go on? that voltage?  the answer is no.  Be careful when you use the word "cause".
Thx, great video! By the way, Rick Hartley changes many many hardware engineers, including me!
NICE  AWES0ME KEEP_IT_UP! ✨🎉✨🎉✨🎉🎉🎎🎭🎎🎭🎎🎭🎗🎗🎗🎗🎗🎗🎗🎑🎑🎑🎑🎑🎑🎑✨🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎀🎀🎀🎀
U just waste my time
Pushing this system detail outside the circuit model with antenna theory... left me thinking more about what other standard model variables can be used to describe the system(s) visualized and detailed in the presentation, i.e outside of using only electrons and electromagnetic forces (photons).  Like as a trained chemist I'd like to see what does the real world have going on around us, at our typical range around STP on the planet earth (and maybe extremes outside of labs in or outside the planet), with the fermions and bosons or are most only present ever in a system at extreme temperatures and pressures and/or on paper theoretically.   Would be interesting to see like the... ew maybe not mass energy balance... though simply like ratios or percent concentration/effect maybe?
I reminds me of the old days of science when people would challenge each other’s thesis for the right to be the head scientist.
Not this again 😣
People will always be critics- however, although people claimed the original video was incorrect, it started thought and conversation.  The best thing ever for a scientific topic.  Great videos!
2 Minutes in: “So i heard some youtubers are disagreeing with me, so im doing the experiment with the electrical engineer from LIGO” 🤣 sensational
you took it like a man dude, very impressed
Talk about dedication
good video I like mm yes I like
Have the wires far apart. A 1km line in a circular circuit so they can't detect the magnetic leakage from the parallel line.
You are a clever educator.
5:40 wrong. moving the bulb wouldn’t change anything. The electric field is conservative so your path through it makes no difference as long as your endpoints don’t change.
For reference to those who are interested in pursuing electrical engineering; I'm a student in university and that textbook is what we used for a sophomore level electricity and magnetism course!
This same principle works at the cosmic scale with the electromagnetic shield around the earth or the electromagnetic cosmic web! Beware the cosmic dust!
Fantastic video and explanation!
ty for going extra mile :D
One thing that helped me with this is that before the light delay you (roughly) have a radio broadcaster and receiver. That's really all the EM waves which create the poynting vector are.
My question is that does the electrical field affect that extra unconnected wire the whole time the circuit is connected? Or just at the beginning? Because how does the field not shock anyone that would be touching the extra wire? Or affect anything else? Negligible?
So if the circuit is broken at one of the ends the light will slightly turn on for a second?
People hitting the copium hard, chasing that 'I agree with you, bit I'm not wrong' dragon XD  edit: referring to the comments section ;-)
So… how does a battery work then??
You can't trust anything this click bait artist says. He's had videos thoroughly debunked, and yet he doubles down.
Hey Derek.... How do batteries fit into this model? I love your description, but it kind of breaks what batteries mean to me. Care to explain? I'd love a video on it!
If the wire doesn't need to be connected, then aren't we just describing a transformer? Kind of defeats the purpose of having this thought experiment in the first place...
My mind just expanded a little bit right now. Great feeling! Thank you.
Do electrons live out side of enertia?
Wonderful vid man.  Thank you!
Zap
"For illustrative purposes only", lame excuse.
I think the biggest issue was a lack of clarity with the exact terms of the claim considering we are getting very technical.  Thanks for cleaning it up and being honest about it.
electrons create surface charge, surface charge creates electric field, electrons move from electric field  uhhh ill stick with the water pipe analogy... thnx
IME, it was shortcuts to Maxwell's equations by people like Heaviside, et al. that derailed widespread knowledge in the field from being promulgated. Society still hasn't caught up and accurate advanced knowledge is carried by a relative few today.
I watched the first video with a lot of interest but didn’t completely understand the concept at the end. This video was an excellent clarification and really makes the concepts easy to follow. I have 2 follow up questions, however.  1. Would the lightbulb in the thought experiment where the break in the circuit is a light year away turn off after enough time passes that the current could reach the break in the circuit? Would it matter how far from the battery or bulb the break was in this scenario? 2. If a wire that’s not connected to the circuit turns on when the circuit is complete, how to we keep every electronic in the house from turning on when one is turned on? I have a feeling that the answer is that the current stops flowing once it reaches the break because reaches a new equilibrium where the surface charges are negative until the break just like they were negative until the switch before it was turned on and so the electric field dissipates and the bulb turns off. This is probably so fast and of such low magnitude that our other electronics don’t turn on. Would love to know if that’s accurate and more importantly, would love a clear explanation for how and why it would stop like that!  Thanks for all these amazing and educational videos!
Thanks so much for making this video! I was definitely confused about the 'need' for a closed circuit in your original video and my initial thought was that it should work with an open circuit. I was happy to find many video 'rebuttals' to your video that explained this point and clarified it for me. Really liked how many other youtubers jumped on and made complimentary videos to your original video and I was able to pice together the correct explanation. Also very glad to see a follow up from you too! Amazing video with even more details!! ❤  I do have a quick follow up: if an open circuit behaves the same as the closed circuit, how much can you shrink the wires of an open circuit and still be able to turn on the lightbulb? Somehow it has to depend on the length of the wires right? Otherwise you could continuously reduce the length of the wires to 0 at which point  the bulb would just be lighting up with the battery nearby.
Now that I understand the causal relationship, everything is much clearer. Circuit configuration determines surface charge which determines the electric field which determines the direction of energy flow. (Did I get it right?)
What is the particle that carries the energy from the battery to the lightbulb? Is it the photon?
Wasn't this already described in 1891 by that Tesla guy?
Thing is, this is an important debate and I don’t think you (Derek) were as much wrong as you were overestimating critical thinking of your viewers. Even those with a scientifically background are biased by the mechanical learning of concepts. I’m a Mexican physicist and during my major (I failed the second course of electromagnetism several times due to depression) I never once treated a circuit in a realistic manner, it always was through idealisation of one dimensional wires, so this debate has been frustrating me so much because of everybody’s good arguments and my lack of profound knowledge on such a basic topic. These concepts’ importance are understated and maybe should be treated at least superficially through discussion in most majors, because it is such a fundamental phenomenon that it becomes baffling that we have to discuss the correctness of explanations.  But I think this has uncovered an underlying truth about human knowledge, at least for a more mainstream audience, the fact that even absolute truths can be discussed and that even correct conceptions can be misconceptions. Derek, you have stirred up a discussion about epistemology and even gnoseology, not too meta to make it epistemological or gnoseological per se, but touching those approaches to speak about a very simple subject.  Thank you, this is so exciting!
spicy stuff science man
You should do one on electric fields inside eukaryotes
What is a very fast scope?? Is it even possible? There can be no time involved.
wifi and emf radiation is dangerous to the human body and every living cell (affects water molecules) do a video about that. GG
I'm pretty certain MGMT did a song about this back in 2006..  ;)
Can somebody please explain which direction the electrons flow when I lick the terminals on a 9v battery?
That was great now could you please tell us all where women want to go eat.
I thought your original video was great. and it teaches a next level of circuit theory. most of us are not held back by our intelligence. our journey of knowledge is usually only held back by our ignorance of what we don't know. it is a paradox that is as annoying as it is profound.
I can poke you Chakra bubbles I can sense you from a distance I can sense your Chakra, in the room
The war between power and culture is over Christ is resurrected and will be with you shortly I know what they will bring for you I know what fruit they will bear when I remind them of who they are When I prove to them who they are You are almost finding the God particle You are almost fiding the best particle You are almost finding the idea You are almost finding the best idea You are almost finding the Best idea of God You are almost finding God
hahahaaa. I love this. All of my favorite tubers commented on this. <3 You All!
Bro, just take the L and move on
I am more astounded by the fact that Electroboom made a rage video reply to your original upload. His content is nothing but getting himself near fatally shocked every 12 seconds because he's so bad at everything he does. The fact that he assumed he had any credibility, let alone right, to post such high volume criticism (literally because of how angrily he was shouting) about research you obviously outclass him in, is laughable at best and insulting at worst. If he's your critic then you have nothing to doubt except for how many crayons you needed to use in your explanation the first time around. Which in a more polite way is basically all you proved here-- you're correct and the science supports it, other people just weren't educated enough to understand.   Good work as always. Thanks for sticking to it when those people got mad.
The nett positive of electrons wants to find equilibrium!
You've almost discovered Chakra Almost there bud, keep going It's the 7th gate when you will become a King
Why does my lightbulb at home not light up, if the circuit is broken? According to what is said in the video it should. Or did I completely miss the point?  Edit: ah, thanks, I got it now. The lightbulb turns on virtually instantly a tiny bit (14mW). If the circuit is closed it will turn on completely after the field has established around the circuit, is that correct?
When are you going to address the challenge from thunderfoot
Veritasium, it's totally okay to admit that you didn't fully understand something before making a video about it.  None of us would hold it against you.  Everyone knows you're not the person coming up with these theories and it's a ton of information to cram before making a video.  Your making them available and comprehensible to the general public and stoking interest in these areas.  And you don't need me to tell you that you do a fantastic job!
I mean it just... sorta sounds like a "gotcha"? like, "hey it's a light year long, guys!" but... it was a red herring, a completely pointless measure or exercise, if using a 10M wire does the exact same result. I guess you could argue that the actual question was what you're answering now, "how does inductive current work" but... I dunno man, it really sounds like a trick question and not a genuine interrogation that we could have guessed.
ayo gelud aku nonton
Electricity is hard, lol. This video is done well though, especially that analogy; I will share it with my fellow electromagnetism classmates!
I feel like discussing isolation transformers would've been helpful in clarifying things here.
Thank You! Thank You! Thank You!
Haven't any of these folks rubbed a balloon on their head? ;O)-  How do think static electricity works?
I knew and was subbed to all but 2 of your suggested channels and when I saw your original video I was like well I know what topic I'm watching for the next 2 weeks
I'm an electrical engineer and computer engineer. Watching both of these videos was interesting. (I watched them both just now.) The explanation I was waiting for the whole time was: Until a steady state is achieved in a circuit ALL wires are antenna. That I think is the easiest way to explain it. While the signal is propagating down the wires, they're an emitting electromagnetic signal  inside the loop. Once the wire signal reaches its opposite on the other side of the loop, that is when the electromagnetics inside the loop are zero.
I laughed out loud when you pulled up Rick Hartley. That presentation blew my mind about PCB design when I first saw it. Well done :)
A capacitor conducts electricity. You're cheating.  Also, saying it's the field carrying most of the energy is clearly wrong as demonstrated by your own experiment
Mid-clip question: why the copper structure is elevated hence cumbersome? Some tunnel vision?
And God said, "Let there be Maxwell's Equations", and there was light!
Talk about a way to make content……..   look at all the content.
Humans still struggling with the basic concepts.
Would an EMF insulation along the wires (and battery) mean that the propagation of the electric field would be limited to the length of the wire?  IE,  the light would come on 1 second after the switch is thrown?  It seems like instead of the electric field "shouting" out in an empty field, it would be shouting down a tube,  and the bulb would only receive a voltage potential once it had the capacity to propagate all the way through the circuit.
Honest q at about 510. You're saying electrons can't push each other bc everything stays neutral, but you're discussing how they interact in the flamement of a bulb, while the "pushing" happens in the wire... Where, I assume (don't know), there are just electrons.
Wow, when I watched the first video I had the same questions about breaking the causality and stuff, but then I gave myself a minute and resolved all of my issues the same way this second video does. But the thing is I'm not even an amateur physicist. Yes I was good at physics at school 15 years ago but since then I've never solved any physical problem and never used a single formula. And still I didn't get confused as tons of physic-specialised bloggers did. They spent several days writing scripts and recording videos and all this time was not enough to discover things that I've discovered but just gathering myself up and thinking for 2 minutes about the problem. I'm kinda frustrated, why ppl are trying to do physics blogs while being so ignorant.
U made my year. Congrats... Dont see any like this nowadays. Cheers!
Joseph Newman
I'm an electrical engineer, and I barely understand this stuff. How the F does the rest of Youtube get by? I agree that we do not understand electricity and magnatism well enough.
Veritasium, SmarterEveryDay, and vSauce...what do they all have in common? I have no idea what half of their content means but its interesting as hell.
The phenomenon of IOL (instant-on lighting) was first demonstrated in 1988 in the seminal physics documentary Arthur 2: On The Rocks.
Cool beans! I don't understand hardly none of it but still, cool beans. Love your channel.
Oh come on, this whole video is you changing the experiment parameters and goals in order to meet your original conclusions. A component turns on when it receives its required voltage. Claiming that you are correct because an 18 volt supply will turn on a low power LED by providing 5 volts over a gap is not the answer. You would never supply 18 volts to an LED like that, you may as well supply a trillion volts and power and entire planet. If you were to place a bulb designed to light when it receives 12 volts, it would not begin to light until it received that full 12 volts in the same way that an LED fed its design voltage would not light until it met that voltage. This wouldn't happen until the information travels fully down the complete length of the circuit, regardless of the distance the bulb is from the source. Literally every field simulation you have shown clearly illustrates this, and at this point I feel like you're just trying to get people to argue more for content. Strongly considering unsubscribing, this isn't how science works.
Don't you wish politicians and other people who have so much power over our lives could have civilized discussions like this? They have disagreements or ask for clarification, then address each other's concerns, use reason and evidence to come to a consensus. And then we can actually move forward!
Nerd fight!
W video
The overall result is actually made so much bigger by the 'mistakes' as now even more people have now learned.....the point of the channels like these in the first place.
I still have no idea...in fact, i think i know less
So if I am to understand this correctly, Electricity in simple terms is an Electro-Magnetic Field that loops around a circuit, causing the Electrons within the circuit to move in the direction of the Field.
Thanks for clarifying your clusterfucked video, but comes off as trying to rescue an actively bad video.  at this point, I've unsubbed, and put you in the clickbait neighborhood of the internet.  So long, thanks for the good memories, and I'll try to forget the bad ones (plural)
🤔⚡💡🤗
All my teachers in circuit theory need to watch this as I had no idea on the detailed physics.  Fantastic, and I want to go back into my electrical circuit theory course to re-take.
Can you hold an insulating sheet between the resistor and battery. If the voltage spike didn’t happen when the sheet is there that would prove it is moving across the gap and not around it.
Oh, you changed the title and thumbnail. Did the views go up afterwards? I'm curious if your algorithm manipulation is working.
Damn this dude just took all of YouTube back to school!
Great video! I didn't get it quite right with the first one but this helped a lot. Very interesting review on the subject. Thanks for sharing it.
I have a masters in electrical engineering with a concentration in controls and communications.  I had to really re-think everything you presented.  But I recall my microwaves professor telling us that Ohm's Law wasn't really a law and we derived it from Maxwell's equations.  It took an entire lecture, but in the end it made sense.  The fields control the flow of energy.  We dumb it down to make the maths easier, but if you take the time and learn the pure maths behind the solutions of Maxwell's equations, it does indeed make sense.  And since some problems don't have pure analytical solutions, numerical methods are key to fully understanding the nuances.  Great explanation!!! A+++++
Every family has that one person who will break the family financial struggle I hope you become the one
Someone, please debunk this!
Dude, I'm always gonna dislike when I realise that the 'new looking video' is actually you clickbaiting me with new thumbnails/titles
This video taught me more than what my school couldn't in 6 years. Huge shoutout!
Thank you for this follow up! As an electrical engineer myself, still doing my masters at University, I was most disappointed by the clickbaiting "you have been lied to" trope of the first video. Because we did learn a lot about fields at Uni as well as circuit models for simplification, transmission lines etc. and we did have to solve some Maxwell equations at least in 2D as far as I remember and I just felt it was unconstructive to speak about how all the simplifications were wrong. Because I think they aren't wrong, they are useful models as long as you keep in mind that they are simplifications! Also I think you were far better in explaining what you really wanted to convey in this video rather than the first one. The animations were very good as always and I really liked that you included the simulations of solving the Maxwell equations.
what’s his IQ?
Millions of dollars in 2x4s.....😳
That video was the scientific equivalent of a sextape. Spread fast and everybody saw it!
I really like this video.  Even though the first video had issues, it helped spawn a bunch of interesting responses including this one.  I really learned a lot from all of this - the whole process.  Thank you Veritasium.  Good show!
Hi my last message was launched accidentally launched before my main contributions was added.   So here below is the complete comment:    Hi I am a physicist and electrical engineer with 30 years plus of experience.  Your video is clear, convincing, and jives with all my theoretical training and practical experience.  Great job for making a mathematically complex concept accurately Available To the general public, and engineers that are not steeped in electromagnetics.  However that being said, do you have one misleading comment that I would like to point out. That is watching your made video made it seem like standard circuit theory (like ohms law, Kerchoff’s Voltage & current‘s law  Yet you have one misleading aspect and that is indicating that scientist came up with simplified ways of doing circuit analysis after seeing how complex it is to do circuit analysis with ElectroMagnetics (E&M), when in fact is was the other way around! E&M theory was born out of electrical experimenters who brilliantly intuited what was going on by experimenting and later condensing those results into laws. Chief guy who is responsible  for seeding Clark Maxwell to create the now famous and universal four equations "Maxwell's Equations" . These Equations drive our understanding of E&M and are the engine for all the E&M simulation tools we use.    The fact that Maxwells equations can be used to prove circuit analysis only further verifies the validity of Maxwell's equations, in much the same way that Einstein's Relativity equations reduce to  Newtons Law's motion when the speed is much much less than the speed of light. That is we did not come up with Newton's Law's as a subset of Relativity because it was unnecessarily complex for low speed motion calculations.   To add further clarity to your series on how E&M fields and waves are used to more accurately and fully describe how energy is transported in a circuit to light a light bulb from a battery and switch, I recommend adding another video to your series that shows how from early experimenters like Faraday who came up with laws that stimulated Maxwell to create his famous four Maxwell equations. to complete that video you might go all the way back to the discovery and use of static electricity.  Sincerely Ron Barnett  PS: I would be glad to assist you with this deep history of  E&M. If you are interested please contact me on Linked in: "Ron Barnett Principal Engineer at GeoMat Insights"
haad a few friends who didnt like your explanation in the last video but this one explains it a lot better, gj
my algorithm reeeeaally wanted me to watch this
i watched the first one and have to say i feel like i understand it much better after this second video
He could’ve slammed them back but instead gave them a college lecture 😂
One thing I would have liked to have seen would be the same experiment, but with one end or the other of the loop broken. Would we still see the initial bump, but not the follow-on rise in current we would see thereafter in a completed circuit?
A 24 minute "Fck you guys, I was right."
Excellent visuals, more on the technical side in terms of content; More like this, please!  :)
Your representing electrons in a state of mater of plasma. They don't free flow like that in a wire, a filament, or even a gas filled tube until the gas is changed to a plasma.
I want to see what happens if you place the bulb as far away as you can.  What happens when the bulb is in a farraday cage?
What do you mean when you say surface charges? It seems like you're just referring to the result of differing densities of electrons.   But you repeatedly make clear that the electrons are not pushing other electrons. And if the surface charges were made by the electron densities then it would sound like the electrons are using the electric field to push each other.  And you called the surface charges "shepherds" so it wouldn't make sense if they were generated by the "sheep"  So, the obvious answer to what you mean disagrees with what you were saying. So what did you mean by "surface charges"?
I honestly found the previous video completely unambiguous, I'm actually surprised that it sparked so much confusion.
Awesome video
Veritasium only responds to checkmark accounts.
I don’t think there is much inductance at 12 v with wires 1 meter apart.  If they were 1 MM or perhaps even 1cm apart maybe.  That is over 3 feet!  How about if they were 2 meters apart?  Frankly this is ridiculous.  It is a flawed thought experiment.  The electrons don’t move fast in the wire but the potential shift does.  And what about if the wires were shielded, would the results be any different?  Nope!  You are basically saying the field shorts across to the bulb/resistor via capacitance, look how close capacitor plates have to be to each other, let alone wires.  Lots of clicks for bad science.
Derek plz solve the world energy crisis as well.. we believe in you👍
Don't apologies! You ROCK
This is why peer review is so important in the scientific process. Great job everyone.
18:42 Won't those floating scope probe wires alter your nanosecond data acquisition results? For such a precise measurement the floating data accusation setup is ridiculous.
wow this is so smart
Don't beat yourself up, the doubt and clearing up of your stance is part of Science! I just wish it could be more civil.
Longest "I was wrong but too proud to admit it" explanation ever.
A few people tried to gain clicks, subs, dollars, off the back of a big YouTuber's video, and luckily for them Derek is, if nothing else, gracious.
I can't believe I watched a 25 min video about turning on a light-bulb...and my mind was blown in the process.
I think your first video was good despite the naysayers.
great video! those simulation graphics were really cool. yeeting that scope on top of that ladder was cringe tho lol, those things cost 10s of thousands of dollars.
Hi I am a physicist and electrical engineer with 30 years plus of experience.  Your video is clear, convincing, and jives with all my theoretical training and practical experience.  Great job for making a mathematically complex concept accurately Available To the general public, and engineers that are not steeped in electromagnetics.  However that being said, do you have one misleading comment that I would like to point out. That is watching your made video made it seem like standard circuit theory (like ohms law, Kerchoff’s Voltage & current‘s law  However you have one misleading aspect
12:44 so then this would take us back to the displacement current and faradays law... which inevitably will take us back to the A-Field....
About as smug a correction as one from the New York Times.  One can almost imagine that he was right all along.  Almost.
Why do people start whispering when they want to appear correct?
During one major solar flare event, telegraph radios were functioning without any human electrical input.
Could have just said the long wires act as an antenna.
I think you knew what you were saying originally to make another video. Knowing it would create controversy.  I don't like how you (physicists) claim these statements to be pure facts as this is how the universe works when you know it's just facts about experiments but not the true nature of reality. when's the last time you ran electricity through a super conductor?
The explaination in this video makes alot more sense than the first. However to validate and prove the theory why not repeat the experiment with various distances apart and also with magnetically shielded cables. If the cables are fully shielded then the first low voltage should not appear.
_"Explain it to me like I'm a 6-year-old."_ Joe Miller. Philadelphia (1993)
greatly detailed video
i love it when the bigger youtubers can role with the criticism and at least genuinely seem to try to explain the point.. well done... cant wait to see the response videos
YOU ARE THE WINNER
so then what if you cover the wire with epsilon-near zero material and try the experiment again? not to mention mu-material to soak up magnetic flux???
Haha the whole time I’m watching I’m thinking, all the circuit board designers finally have people getting why their job is so hard and it’s not just running some wires between components. Think of how that initial voltage affects a digital circuit in a modern CPU using millivolts.
Okaaaaay again! I was trained as a electronic, and radio "Technician", not a graduate engineer. Ohms law has seen me through life quite well. I did ask you this before. If your line were coaxial, then surely the coaxial outer shielding will collapse any external electric field? How would that affect the model you propose. A load fed through the central conductor of this coaxial cable would work just fine I would suggest. Your long line conductor also acts as a capacitor, and requires time to charge up. The magnetic field relies on the movement of charge carriers, i.e , electrons for its causality. I  happily defer to your greater expertise, but some things do appear as clear as mud. Hey, not complaining, it is fascinating.
Aha Yes Everything Went above my head but I understood some parts of this
Thank you for this video, you taught me i never want to be an electrical engineer
Then why you need a thicker metal wire, if you wanna transfer bigger current?
Was it absolutely necessary to have the poles to this height? What different would it make to put the poles at 1 meter from the ground making it easy to work on it?
I will mention, that for the point about how "the light will like regaurdless if the circuit is broken or now" should be further clarified by saying, assuming if it broke far enough away and recently enough for the surface charge chage not to reach the switch. Once the surface charge changes from the break in the circuit reach the battery, then you'd know (without breaking causality) that it didn't turn on because the surface charge of the wires (withing observebal range) indicated a break somewhere.
A great question now is why do we use wires to transfer energy, meaning: why it is more efficient to use them. You  partially answered the question by saying that wires channel the field but I think this could be explained more in depth, maybe an engineer sight could be handy to enlighten us even more. In every case thanks so much for carrying on this fabulous debate, maybe the first video was kind of misleading but in the end the result is that you (not only Derek, all the people that have contributed to it) have teached something really important to understand for everyone dealing or trying to understand electromagnetic phenomena (engineers, physicists and electronic amateurs like me). Thank you for that
My favourite analysis was by Eric Dollard. "2021-12-12 Response to Veritasium - The Big Misconception About Electricity, Eric Dollard Live Call" not easy to find 😅
Lighthening rods , tesla coil , electrolysis of chemicals , lead acid batteries etc. ......  Somebody ask smartereveryday  to record those mo. Fu. Electrons if they are staying right there.
I wonder what would happen when you use real wire and not plumbing tubes.
maaka a matala
This is a an excellent clarification. And goes a long way to showing that even intellectuals, indsutry professionals, and the more well educated general public even may have a significantly better understandin on how our world works over many different topics, but when it comes to extremely high level physics, and quantum mechanics, it's very easy to not grasp very complex, cutting edge theories about reality and make sweeping assumptions that speakers and channels don't know what they are talking about. It's kind of like a second wave of dunning-kruger  effect where once you feel comfortable that you've ingested enough popular science from media (often hazardously oversimplified - Numberphile, Kurzgesagt, and 3Blue1Brown all make a point of highlighting this issue in their videos, and now it's starting to seem that veritasium is doing the same) that you feel confident enoigh to start rejecting more in depth dives I to the subject assuming they have been sufficiently simplified. If this was all presented in long mathematic and scientific review form, then no one who was calling him out would have done so in the first place, because the complexity would have tempered that presumption of superior knowledge.
Lado bc , sab lado 😂
Now go for a part two. Voltage is not well defined. The E-field is not conservative. In the measurement setup it only works because the leads to the probes on either side of the resistor are relatively close, causing roughly the same integration path. In theory it is better explained by the current through the load, as this is uniquely defined. The voltage accross the load  depends on the integration path, but in general the shortest path is taken. The integration path of the oscilloscope probes take a big detour.
So... why aren't all LED lights on all the time? I'm guessing it's because they have some kind of magnetic field isolation, but i don't even know what i'm talking about... is it because the "battery" is far enough so that residual voltage is too low?
I also love the fact that this war of Mighty Youtubers brings scentific explanations to viewers and a good old spirit of academic discussion. Great job, Derek!
I really enjoy this channel
The illustration, min. 12:41, with an electric circuit (complete with switch)  with the single wire at the bottom (or behind if seen on horizontal plane) reminds me a bit like an RF directional antenna. The circuit being the driver and the lone wire set adjacent as the reflector. The beginning process of a short wave beam radio antenna. Am I seeing something that isn't really there ? My memory of radio theory and antenna applications is quite rusty nowadays.  I'm retired & almost 70 and told that  I have long Covid whatever that ailment really is so I have many gaps in my former knowledge, man getting old is for the birds ! PS Love your videos, huge fan of your work. 😊
Did you do the other experiment and saw the effect even in disconnected wire ?
So, basically, electric circuits work exactly the way you think they do, but if the wires are near each other, there is capacitative coupling between them.  Could have saved a lot of argument.
Seems you read my post on your first video. In effect you created a dipole antenna and receiver. How much current you get on the receiving side will related to the current produced on the transmitter side which will dictate the field size you create. How far away the bulb is will determine how fast the EM field reaches it.  None of the other experiments you or anyone else has done actually shows what you would get having 2 300Km super conductors would do. You will find there are other forms of power that will effect it with those distances. Any other radio source will create current on it unless you filter it. Temperature changes across a long wire like that will create voltage potentials.  A  wire that long would be subject to earth changing field that change through out the day and even lunar cycle. Not just that the sun would have a massive effect on it. In reality the lamp would probably burn out or get fried by the large amount of external currents created on it. If the light managed to survive those it would basically just be on all the time. It probably would never notice the EM field change from the battery or power source.  There was a reason I said you were part right in my response to the prior video. The problem is your view of what it would actually include is far to small / narrow.
A long time ago, in a galaxy... Well, actually in the UK, during the 1950's the BBC found that their ''Light Program'' wireless channel was suffering from a blank patch in its transmissions, where customers were getting poor reception. When investigated, it was found, so the story goes, that a man who lived close the the transmitter, had erected a large aerial inside the roof of his house, and was operating his house electrics from the power it collected from the wireless transmissions! I know that when there was an electric storm over a building that I was working in, all the fluorescent lights in the building lit up, even though the switch was in the off position. ,
Does this mean air dropping power to friends phones is theoretically possible? Just curious.
it can all be done without wires, the conductors seem simply a way to improve the efficiency over distance
Read reply pls. if you have one clocks and light emitter at each end of the 1km so they can sync with each other. One emitter hits one clock backward and the other forwards both measure the speed of light. Each emitter is sync by a digital metronome to the same pulse width. You do multiple measurements until the time is in sync then you measure the speed of light in both directions. Then there will only be measurement in one direction twice.
It's an antenna!
Clear as mud 🤣. I wish a chemist could explain this😒. The best way to understand this "messy mathy" electrical stuff is with the chemistry😍. Much simpler and still accurate🤔. Yes, this is a chemistry vs physics throwdown🤗! I'm hoping anyone will respond. (be warned its a trap! I'm a particle physicist focused on "quantum states of left and right brain processing.")  Best model for the simple circuit: The circuit is a river that loops (like a lazy river at a water park). Water becomes the replacement for electricity (this is chemically accurate). In the middle of the river there is a waterwheel (bulb), At end of the river there is a pump that brings the water back to a higher potential energy position (battery). The flow of the river downhill (magnetic field gradient, not electrical field) provides power for the bulb. The movement of material, not the material itself (electrical charge gradient) spins the watermill. The electrical surfaces of the wires are the banks of the river.  Done! The whole 1st half (ok, 1st 3rd) of the video summed up for child to understand.  I do love your work, but you guys are such physicists, complicating even the simplest of ideas. Please channel your inner Richard Feynman!
I hope you make a video like this for relativity
Essentially, it's the parasitic capacitance between the two wires that causes the lightbulb to turn in 1m/c? All you have to do now is pull them apart another meter ...
Thank you, i was a bit confused in last video..but this was mind opening and super awesome to know and understand how electricity works..
I feel like I shouldn’t be here
your argument is nothing more than manipulation. you might as well choose a very low power diode, connect it to a wire and create any kind of micro-disturbance, for example, use a piezo in a lighter nearby. voila - "energy transferred"  the conditions of your problem presume that the power of the battery should be transferred to the light bulb, and not capacitive interference. You also have chosen thick conductors =)) oh, cunning! to enhance that interference =D still not even close to initial power
11:48 "And I apologize for the casual use of units." Sheesh, can't you own *your mistake?* Not only is your euphemism for *your mistake* comical, but you couldn't even say _my,_ instead using the neutral article _the._ 😂  22:18 Saying you made a mistake then explaining how fortuitous it was that others misunderstood you (implying that it wasn't a mistake at all) doesn't count.   Let's see a video on ego now. Bet you could go for days.
I like think of it in terms of the electromagnetic field, keeps the creativity flowing or I guess it's pushed by an energy field, though I admit the other way is more convenient.
And the led goes to bright even with the open circuit, until the fields reach the end of the circuit and realize its open
One thing I believe this video highlights is that there is FAR too much refutation content on YT these days.
This make sense, like in wireless phone chargers the energy is transfered by the electric field between two copper coils.
so a remaining question I have is - what does the field simulation look like if the circuit is not connected at one of the far-off ends?  my first assumption would be that when the battery is inserted, the surface charges do not reach all the way around to the far end of the switch (since there's a break in the circuit before it reaches the switch), but what i'm not sure i understand is how that then changes the field response when the switch is closed.  would we see the same small current initially, and there's just never the larger current?  or is the field response different so that there is no small current?
The clue that this is actually a thought experiment is the 2 light-seconds of super conducting wire that stretch out into space. LOL
Sometimes an incomplete explanation is the best way to impart knowledge. It causes others to examine and experiment for themselves which in and of itself provides a more complete understanding of the subject matter. Thank you for your apology, but it really is unnecessary because you gave everyone a model to think about and the end result is a better understanding of the principles involved. I’ve followed you for many years now, not because of “brand loyalty” of simply because I think you are an awesome human being and educator, which I do, but because you continue to inspire me to think MORE. Keep it up. The world needs more people like you.
I'm assuming this same concept is what causes "cross talk" in audio circuits.
I'm suddenly reminded of the ancient internet story about a computer with an on/off switch on it, that someone labeled "magic" and "more magic". There was only a single wire connected to one of the contacts on the switch, so clearly, the switch couldn't do anything. Except when you flipped it from the "more magic" to the "magic" position, the computer crashed.
When nerds go to war ...
19:51 that BONKERS light-bulb-installation-footage!! 🤣whow. the finger turning. Hilarious!
Of course unconnected wires pass electricity . Transformers.
By beeing imperfect and making mistakes, wonderful things happend that helped everybody and inspired you to a 2nd video about that. Mistakes are good.       As long as we learn from them and are humble and thereby able to stand corrected. My hat is off to you.... again. Also because you were technically right and stuff...
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life." -John 3:16(bible) "the wages of sin is death"-Bible. Therefore God the judge has given man the death sentence due to man's sin, but because of God's mercy, he gave himself(god incarnate/jesus)to die on a cross for the sins of the world. That means he paid our fine and if we trust in him God can legally let us go guilt free in court/judgment day and have everlasting life with Him!  "Go and sin no more!"-Jesus <3
Let's face it, the main debate about the message Ve wants to commune to the public is that the electrical energy is the electrical field and not the free charges's momentum in the medium where the energy is transferred.   Which is absolutely wrong. The field is the signal (information) or else qualitative part of the energy and the free electrons momentum is the quantitative part of the energy which is consumed on the electrical load and does the work.    The transferred electric energy per unit of time in a wire transmission line is not the EM field in the wire but the total momentum of the charge carriers (i.e. free electrons) in the conductor wire. Fields are potentials not energy.  Proof of what I'm saying that electrical energy is the momentum of the free charges in the medium an not the electric field driving them is the following by logical deduction:  Apply a large static voltage (electrical potential difference) on a dielectric insulator wire. A field will be immediately mediated along the wire to the other end where you connect a load say a LED.  But the field strength arrived on the load will be greatly diminished at μVolts level and the LED will never turn on at steady state. Why? What is missing?  The answer, the free charges. No free charges, no electric current (free charges momentum) no electric power. Therefore, the electric power is provided by the free charges momentum in a medium. The free charge momentum IS the electric energy and not the fields. Fields are only to drive the energy to the load and not the energy itself.    When you drive your car on the road,  you or your car  is giving the energy?
WATER THROUGH A FULL HOSE.
If the field is on the surface of the wire, then would it be more efficient to hammer all our wires flat so they have more surface area?
Alpha Phoenix is another awesome science youtuber, im so glad you name dropped him here, nothing like a cooperative community!
It's funny how people are trying to explain something they cannot explain. Nobody can even prove the existence of electrons!!! Nobody knows what electricity is so nobody can ever know how it works - all human beings do is study the effects of it.
You physics types always find the most inconvenient way to solve a problem! Great follow up video, by the way!
I need a monks diet to understand this.  Psych enthusiasts ≠ physics/chemistry/computation
Sounds like he's saying that if the wire is new in the bulb is new it's going to take longer for the bulb light up. Ummm Very 🤔 lol
Re uploaded why?*
It is already proven by skin effect: The resistive losses increase with frequency. This because the current is displaced to the skin of the conductor, when frequency increases. This proves that at DC the majority of current flows *inside* the wire.
I liked the first thumbnail better..
I have another question based on this thought experiment. If somehow, we place a ideal electric field barrier between the power-source/switch and the LED, what will be the new answer? Since, the field has to go along the wire and turn back around the corner of the barrier. I really love your explanation, even for the previous one. Although I had doubt at the begining of your last view, I didn't say NO to it immediately, thankfully. And I start explore this know concept field.
Brilliant.
But why simplify everything so much? The next video should be an explanation of the situation in terms of quantum electrodynamics!
wow thanks for clarification and damn this was too detailed and i loved it and it not easy for all to accept the mistake also seeing how complex science is i m weirdly scared of it but i m excited coz of how complex it is
Fantastic explanation. Just a minor question, why did you set the experiment high (3 meters or so), making it a little difficult to get measurements, setup things e.t.c.?
Test
So you're talking about capacitance and inductance...
Having studied chip design your excellent explanation clarified the role of each element and the driving force of the field. Thanks.
Please take Quantum computing as your next topic for video . As quantum computing makes a lot of progress in recent years . Please look into it
Please take Quantum computing as your next topic for video . As quantum computing makes a lot of progress in recent years . Please look into it
Verytedium lol
Please take Quantum computing as your next topic for video . As quantum computing makes a lot of progress in recent years . Please look into it
So now the lines where superconducting? Get real pls. Also your original video showed the conductors flat on the ground, not up in the air, like in this simulation. Great anyway that you now know what a transmission line is Derek.  And so you now know that it's very relevent how far spaced the conductors are to estblish the impedance.  And also how far from any conductor, or from the earth! This simulation is not in line with your original video.  Put the line on the ground and there will be even less power reaching the bulb.
What if we would have our cable on equator?
Definitely was nice to see you go threw it again. That’s how we learn and improve our mistakes. And it got the community more engaged it’s all good !
Thanks.  This is great.  It is effective to be provocative, and a provocative video like your first one worked well pulling people into understanding better.
Ben?
I can’t understand why when you speak about electric field you show in your simulation the magnetic field propagation. I thought that electric field is propagated from a election in all directions equally.Thanks for your response.
Please post a max res slow motion version of the field simulation video showing the wave propagation!!!! Nuts!!! Squirrel!
The problem is, the old fashion teachings of electricity lose the importance of calculating the field itself, and the surface charge. I think you explained this really awesome! I love your videos!
You are the best 😗😗 Love from India
I don't know why you keep referring at this huge capacitor you made as "a circuit". This is what everyone was pointing out and the thing you got wrong. You are not evaluating a circuit, you are evaluating a capacitor that looks like a circuit. lol
If the energy is carried by the field, I'm not fully following why only *some* of the energy is transferred at 1m / c and the rest has to wait until energy is carried the full length of the wire. So like in the diagram at 20:19 why wouldn't the yellow line just jump up all the way at the first step?
Good video. My problem with the first was its "everything you know is wrong" tone, which was unnecessary and does nothing to help public trust in science. This video was much more honest in its approach, acknowledging for example that the lumped model is perfectly adequate for explaining the observed outcome.
Is that balboa?
I feel obliged to cry again - guys, you are confusing the whole community. You claims the bulb will be permanently lit since the EMF reached it in 1/c sek. But this is completely wrong. I also dislike red (positive) and blue (negative) surface charge. This is another misconception and confusion. Electric field is a potential field, its all depends on what point you set as zero. So there is NO more or less negative/positive, the whole chain a potential gradient imposed by the battery. And potential gradient exists even with the equal charge distribution along the surface of the wire. 15:25 is a complete rubbish - mixing of variable field with electrostatic field. And the test itself - you compare the signals setting a PULSE of voltage. The more square the front of the pulse is the higher ratio of energy will be transmitted. But you can't make it exactly square due to capacitance you have shown in the scheme. Thus the transmitted energy will by always lower 1. The flatter the front the less energy transmitted. And you completely misinterpreted  Rick's statement - it was about high frequency circuits, not about your DC line.  It is much better really to know the subject before making a cocktail of correct statements giving a disgusting drink.
in ohms law the V is supposed to be in square () becouse then it´s just volume :D
Whatever the results, this is what science is supposed to be about! It's a debate on what you can actually prove and repeat multiple times! 🥳🤓🧐
There’s still a couple of things that bug me. One is that the switch turning on is modelled as an infinitely broadband rising edge. I would argue a realistic switch will behave very differently, in part due to leakage, breakdown, surface imperfections, bouncing, … I would think this limits the bandwidth of the pulse, and reducing the amount of energy that is transferred.
12:56 you make it sound like it would light up even if there was a break in the circuit but if there was how would the fields in the wires form?
I like how couple of big brain youtubers are arguing over something  from Harry Potter and I just watch and pretend that I know what is going on.
Transformers.
Everyone clowned on him, so he clowned on them
This whole conversation should be included in all electrical engineering courses
Youtube Oscars for best educational video content
I have seen some of the videos you mentioned and I got the impression, they also had a lot of fun explaining things back and forth on the challenge. I especially had the impression that ElectroBOOM loves it. And through this discussion we learn more than just by binging formulas.
It's so cool to see some of the biggest science YouTubers battling it out! 😁
I think this is the information that Tesla was working through with his free energy idea.
I know that you are trying to explain the process more thoroughly, but in all the animations, you are still showing the electrons flowing. Why not show them moving back and forth a short distance?
Bro i enjoy this ep so much! The magic of cience is  being able to discuss and help each others to solve problems and find answer. Thank you.
I love your Enterprise drawing at 5:45
A lot of people are applauding Derek for admitting his mistake when he isn't admitting that he's wrong at all.  In fact, he doubled down on his claim, then tried to get us dummies to understand with a questionable model of the electron sea in wires (since when do negatively charged subatomic particles "bounce" off positively charged ones????), then shows us an experiment with total disregard for leakage or external sources of interference and concludes the "light" (a light and standard resistor are both loads but not equivalent) is being powered almost immediately by electric fields and not possibly the magnetic fields or even more likely the photons acting as charge carriers between the atoms in the wires on one meter apart???  Find a shield that blocks photons but doesn't shield from electric fields and see how quickly that "light" turns on .
Isn't that what science is about. Finding the mistakes in someone's theory and trying to improve it or disprove it.
It is certainly fair point that 14 mW does not turn on a incandescent light bulb.
So essentially the electric devices around me are really charging my brain.
Please would the detached cable get changed as in the video even in vacuum and if so why?
I would love to learn about, WIRELESS CHARGING CURRENTS. Maybe consider doing a video about WIRELESS ELECTRICITY
you did an excellent job of explaining the principle this second time
Oh man, I understood nothing 🤯
Great video and very well explained!
I believe "mistakes" or "misconceptions" in the initial video was done on purpose. I believe that was his "controversial" video as discussed in the mr beast video about getting more views.
Wish you'd of also tested a completely open conductor on the other side of your setup like you were showing in your models.
I really really wish I understood half of what you do when it comes to science, if ignorance is bliss why am I miserable?
But why does DC voltage not work with Delta or Wye transformers then? By your theory it should even though not connected provide energy to a load but doesn't, why?
Учесть себЯ. Экранировать.
i always knew that electricity as we "know it" is scam...
Hmm, i kind of have a question/problem regarding part of this explanation. In the diagram, he shows that there is an electric field around a battery. Is that really the case? Would a charged object be deflected by a battery? Fields carry information about change in the universe. A battery that isn't connected to a circuit does not cause any change and thus I would expect it not to have any electric fields surrounding it. Once you connect the terminals, and electrons start to jump to more stable positions(spread out), they start emitting electric fields that describe the change they underwent. Those fields then will cross the gap and "inform" the electrons in the light bulb that there was change in the circuit and they need to respond to it by repositioning themselves towards the new equilibrium.
The most convoluted way of describing induction.... But I guess the point was to generate hype and controversy... BTW electrons still are the source of energy transfer, as it is the motion of charged particles which generates the field and the field moves the energy.
@Veritasium you didn't give us a full and unequivocal definition of what you meant by "light up", so you can claim that you meant the same thing then. I think that most "reasonable persons" would say that "light up" means to emit light in a normal steady working range or close to it. I don't think that many people would expect "light up a bulb" to mean "some bulbs might light up a little bit, some bulbs cannot light up in the slightest, and no bulb will reach its full nominal power." You are right about energy being transmitted by the fields. But to really light up a bulb fields will have to travel all the way along the wire and the bulb doesn't light up in 1m/c. If you meant reactance all along why did you have to connect the bulb to the circuit at all? You indeed can have it hanging there on a piece of unconnected wire as you showed in this video. Just admit you were wrong and move on.
Saying "1/c seconds" is just wrong, the units don't add up. You should say "1m/c" instead. Edit: About 1m/c after posting this comment, Derek mentions it in the video lol.
"I should have done a better explanation" Nah, it's par for the course when you're trying to describe a whole different way of thinking that is inherently more difficult to understand. You're going against established simplifications that break down in thought experiments like this. Hell, when Einstein figured out relativity, other physicists didn't like it and tried poking holes in it since it didn't conform to what they wanted or grew up with. If those folks could be hung up on simplifications (Newtonian mechanics), then some youtubers getting hung up on E&M is pretty acceptable, haha.
Assuming zero resistance wires, then the final voltage across the load resistor would be 18V (the launch voltage).  With 4V being the initial quick voltage across the resistor, that is about 20 times less than the final power across the resistor (since power is square law related to the voltage).  With an actual LED, it would have been much worse since the LED resistance would no longer match the characteristic impedance of the transmission line. Or you use a resistor with about 1k resistance but then most of the voltage drop (and hence power) is dissipated across the resistor instead of the LED.  Again, very little light would show up.  It was an interesting thought experiment and is best explained with transmission line theory.
All this is above my mind...
So.... at this point... i might as well use QFT for everything?
This two videos are a jewel contribution to the electrical knowledge
Regardless of whether people got it "right" or "wrong," the amount of engagement on science that these videos have created is great!
What I gathered from all of this is that wires are full of electricity, and when you add more electricity to them, they make other things electric with electricity. They try to resist it, but they're just so darn electric that they can't help themselves, and as soon as they get going, they go fast and with exuberance.  For what it's worth, I wouldn't mind if the wire for my phone charger didn't go so fast. I can wait, since it charges overnight. Great content as usual, Derek!
Vindicatiiiiioooooooonnnnnn!
You say the electrons don't carry the charge, they're just moved by the electric field.... So, you're saying that electrons don't cause the field... so where does the field come from?  As an electronic engineer, with some background in physics, 16:49, the way you're demonstrating capacitors, you talk about charge building up on the capacitor... this is how I understand the wire in it's entirety works. The battery has a field, because there are more electrons on one side of it than the other. when you connect that to the wire via a switch, the wire you've just connected experiences a change in charge as the electrons on the negative terminal want to flow into that wire with a lower electron population density. Likewise, Electrons in the wire that you've just connected to the positive terminal want to flow into the battery as it has a lower electron population density. The electrons themselves don't need to move fast at all, it's simply the desire to move from a higher density to a lower density that creates the field, which then propagates down the wire at the speed of light. The electron population as a whole then flows out of the negative terminal of the battery, through the circuit, and into the positive terminal of the battery. With a sufficiently long wire, it could take years, or decades or more before an electron that left the battery enters it again, but it's still the field caused by moving electrons that moves down the wire.  You also mention wireless charging... this is how a transformer works, one circuit has a coil of wire to the energy source (Battery, mains, whatever) that creates an electromagnetic field. this then induces a current in a neighbouring wire (in the phone or tooth brush) to move the electrons in that. You need to use AC, because it's a change in magnetic field that induces a current.  In summery... this is all a bunch of chicken and egg scenario. You claim the chicken (Magnetic field) came first, and creates the egg (causes the flow of electrons)... I claim the egg came first (The electron density differential) and hatches into the chicken (Creates an electric field). Yes, it's Cyclic, A causes B causes A causes B, but which comes first? I'm not saying you're wrong in what you're trying to explain, but disagree with what you say at the start saying that the electrons don't cause electricity to flow.
"1/c seconds" isn't even in dimensions of time... 1 meter divided by the speed of light is.
GEEK OUT ! ! ! LOVE IT
Well done, great video. I think the result of the first video was great for better understanding this. Thank you.
Ok but is kirchhoff's loop rule is for the birds? 🐦
I think the thing that confuses people is the "field." The field is essentially the manifestation of the wire's electrodynamic system. The can be "made" but it's not a tangible thing like an electron or proton; More of an abstraction of the universe's behaviour!  I think a case-in-point is that you have no electric field unless you have charges, and manipulating the charges changes the field. Sort of like the quantum conundrum where you can't measure a system without changing it. And electric fields are defined as the resulting force on a hypothetical "test charge." But if you were to insert a real charge at any point, the system and field would change!
The circuit used here is more an antena than a circuit. Why the conductors must so close?. To avoid energy transmited by the antena efect, is better if the circuit have another form than a very long narrow rectangle, in order to be a more credible experiment.
Amazing, Derek. What amaze me the most is noticing the impact that you have in the internet and scientific community. I remember a similar reaction to your bullet-block experiment. Please, keep doing what you're doing. The world is a better please because of you and all the scientific community out there. I'm really happy to be able to be alive in the same time that you and all the people that responded and helped with the video. Kudos!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a better video.  The first one was too click baity. I believe you purposefully left things vague the first time for the clicks rather than your usual work to educate.
If you're really nuancing all the way down, fields are also a lumped ellement to sum up the fundamental forces, which are a lumped ellement for quantum particle interaction, which is a lumped element for yet to be experimentally shown deeper theories.
Ladies, gents, peeps, this is what a healthy discussion is like. 10/10 to everyone involved.
Even though I'm challenged by the thematic and further by language hindrances, I appreciate the detailed animations, which really helps in breaking down the content. Love your humble, scientific approach to question what we take for granted. Appreciated.
So what you are describing is the idea that you can make a Coil of wires and place them under a high voltage power line and "induce" a current of it for FREE...
Will a president ever be this smart?
Thanks for admitting your mistake. Now at least the units match :D
Derek found it, by creating discussions on the platform using his channel he gets more exposure. sometimes he may could attempt at the first time, or sometimes he could do double or even triple attempt and make 2-3 videos explaining the concept for sake of creating discussion. personally Electroboom did the same even though that could have been an experimental attempt on the algorithm. i personally liked the down wind faster than wind video and a lot of smaller channels did benefit from the "news discussion" approach that happened on the topic, Derek shown something good and got more attention.   if we create such discussion content on the platform such that it be educational at the end and create a symbiotic-like relationship between couple of bigger channels with lots of smaller ones (smaller one creates one video about the big channels on the platform whereas there isn't much content (MetaContent) made on the topic will result into even +*100k views, while big channels support each other by promoting each other in their videos), i think its an organic approach for content creation where it benefits everyone.
I understood your claim in first video but nice for a deeper dive thanks
НЕТ УКРАИНСКОМУ НАЦИЗМУ! РОССИЯ -ПОБЕДИТЕЛЬ! NO TO UKRAINIAN NAZISM! RUSSIA IS THE WINNER! NEIN ZUM UKRAINISCHEN NAZISMUS! RUSSLAND IST DER GEWINNER!
Internet: "Derek is wrong!" James Clerk Maxwell's ghost: "Ahem!"
I'm so glad you mention and linked alphaphoenix, as they did and explained the model so well on the8r channel.
I'm not particularly literate in this, but is this what lightning does?
Gosh… electricity is complicated. I totally don’t get it… still😊
Conclusion: current travels in the wire but  if you put a lightbulb near a high current it might light a bit up
I wish if he will explain the same topic using an alternator instead of battery 🪫 so we can see how the electric filed establish and varies in the circuit when there is a relative motion between magnetic filed and conductor.
Hmmmm things we don't learn in physics.
As a non scientist, but a fan of your particular brand of inviting deeper thought about common expectation (and also someone who understands electric fields), I thought you did a great job of expressing the spirit of what you meant in the original video. I also know that if you say one wrong word to an engineer, they will call you an idiot who knows nothing, so I’m not surprised you had a lot of vitriol that you weren’t specific enough.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The best youtubers on planet
*@Veritasium* 10:18 With a circuit like that, but with REALLY long "loops"(sideways)(lets say 1 second at light speed), what happens if you use alternating current & flip the charge sign faster than 1 second (eg. 2 times a second, or maybe even faster: eg. 60Hz like in mains outlet), what happens in the circuit then? Will it be like "surface charge waves" going through the circuit at speed of light? or something else?
This is actually going to help me on my phsycis final this week, thank you!
not only does he address higher level concepts than most educational influencers (neil explaining how big the universe is over and over) he actually stirs up the scientific community on multiple occasions (which is a good thing because it means people are being educated and ideas are being refined)
Ah I think I get it now. The last video definitely needed a revisit.  It's just that we simplify electric current to take out the stuff other than the wires. What you're seeing here is the force of the battery going across the non-wire medium very inefficiently but quicker due to proximity, then the far more efficient conductor wires catching up.
if you  connect  a lamp with many types of wires in series , like copper , zinc, aluminium, steel etc will it cause the  bulb to change brilliance? since different types of electrons will be passing through the bulb!
Bravery: Putting your ideas up for public scrutiny. Humility: Listening to criticism and evolving your ideas in the presence of new evidence. Integrity: Putting truth before pride. Understanding: Respecting those that challenged your ideas.  Derek Muller is a role model.
Maybe the circuit does have to be completed for the lamp to light, because there has to be a continuous flow of electrons for  a long enough period of time to excite the atoms sufficiently. Just because current travels through it does not mean it lights up.
I'm convinced that this is extremely uninteresting.
Bravo, sir. You are a physics hero. How marvelous it would have been if illustrations like this had been available when I was learning E&M in my undergrad days.
Vertasium I love you bro. I'm an electrical engineer and I feel like this finally made some concepts click. Especially the quote at the end. So the power travels through the dielectric huh ? I'm surprised I hadn't really realized that before
Probably the whole confusion could have been avoided by mentioning that the initial switch on effect decreases with distance. I think it would be 1/distance in near field and 1/distance^2 in far field, but I am not sure. Essentially you look at dipole radiation which induces current, isnt it?
Is this like using the diode, or whatever apparatus was used to observe a particle exceed the speed of light, for electricity conduction?
If only the rest of the world's outrage was as logical as the best of academia.
Triple E YouTube descended upon Veritasium like a rally call horn been blown. lol.
Looks like instructions on how to tap power lines and steal power non-intrusively.
Boomelectro
somehow derek every time ends up being one of the most disruptive channels in conservative dogma-belief wannabe-scientific community
I'm sorry, but I will stick to the old hidraulic model to understand electric circuits 😆
Electricity doesn't flow through wires!? 🤯 This is like Newtonian physics vs general relativity.
With all the negative responses, I knew it was only a matter of time before Derek would try to set up an experiment, just like the time with Blackbird...
Derek, I think you did a fine job explaining it the first time around. Thank you for diving deeper, I’m sure It will add some clarity. But I almost don’t think it’s necessary, those who didn’t believe your claim were clearly being too picky and unfairly judgemental about how you set up the problem.   Driving home the fact that the electrical potential field is enough to instigate power in the load was clear to me in the first place.
I'm glad this was clarified. This is super advanced, but incredibly interesting.
This video was definitely needed, cleared things up a lot.
Would it be possible to get the guys at Caltec to expand the experiment to show that, when the switch is closed, current flows in the parallel wire that is separate from the circuit?
I can't help but think that something of this has to do with why Tesla's idea of wireless electricity didn't go very well
Ahh this brings back memories when I took Electricity and Magnetism in college. Of course when it was a lot hard when we had to do actual problems related to this.
I wonder if the distance between the energy source (battery) to the bulb is changed, with the same length of the wire, would that make the 1st-second fluctuations length in the graph changes also?
>> benizn powered toothbrushes  imagine the marketolog who came up with the idea of turning damn toothbrushes into power tools requiring power and rare elements instead of owners losing less 1 gramm of fat
20:02 the voice is syncronized for an istant with the mouth
So this is how wireless charging work on my phone? Because the phone battery charges with no physical connections to the wireless charger.
So if in your experiment wires werent connected in far away, light would light up 15 nanoseconds very dim and turn off after that. Right?
Well done using the internet correctly, by which I mean daring to posting a slightly wrong (intentionally or unintentionally) thought which inspires some interesting answers. Also good on you for owning up to it as well.
Very informative 👍😊
THIS THING WHICH YOU HAVE DISCUSED IN THIS VIDEO -- IT IS RADIOACTIVE. The flow of electron has taken place only when you see a ruptured or broken wire!! Kudos. But somethings should remain hidden for the people who discover/invent it. More you dig in it....more you'll be blown away......
That was an awesome Video the first one I found it super cool because it opened my mind about a different way to look at the circuit but I did not fully understand how that worked. Only after the Alpha Phoenix experiment that I got more the ideia and now that was a good conclusion to it from your side thanks for bringing this different way to look at it !!
I can charge batteries from the dirt, imagine that, free energy. Glad no one rips us off for something free
Brilliant! (Pun intended). When designing RF or low-noise circuits we make judicial use of ground planes. So, for instance, a wire on one side of a circuit board has a ground plane on the opposite side. This quenches the electric field on the transmission line to prevent it from interfering with other (possibly unrelated) circuits on the other side of the circuit board.  It also creates a more controlled transmission line at higher frequencies (such as a sudden switch closure). At higher frequencies, we also run ground planes on either side of the transmission path. On a circuit board, the capacitance of two parallel traces side-by-side becomes non-trival.
Not 100% convinced. You make as many good points as... less good. Good effort, still missing the mark.
My guy is becoming Nicola tesla
11:20 now that's perfectly clear!
This is why im on youtube. You guys make utube worth while.
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.                       /
The main problem with the original video was that it was very misleading top how engineers learns electronics.. or .. really.. to be a bit more blunt, really just wrong.  While electronic engineers rely a lot of simplification, we know that we are simplifying,  specially so AC engineers, or RF engineers (that was my final specialization).  We know what a capacitor a transformer and a antenna is. Sure, in physics, they are really just 3 use cases of the same physical properties. At least in the masters, we learn to calculate those. But they are just to bulky to use in practical terms, so we learn the 3 major use cases as a simplification.
Veritasium is too smart for me.
We live in a world where Newtonian,  Maxwell (ian?)  , relativistic , quantum , mechanics  are all showing us a small part of the picture Each correct and  apparently " correct and complete " when viewed through a telescope.  But zoom out and see these elements don't fit together seamlessly My guess? One day we will see the big picture where it all fits together...... Until we see yet another bigger picture
TBH I don't think you made any mistake with the first video. All the appropriate constraints on forming the correct conclusions are there, if one cared to listen for them rather than for a "gotcha!" quote. I feel like some of the reaction video creators displayed an almost wilful misunderstanding of what you actually say (and maybe as importantly, what you *didn't* say).
Thanks for clearing up the units.
I don't like the way the experiment was set up. You said the wire was a perfect conductor. There's no such thing as a perfect conductor if it were all the batteries energy would have been consumed the instant the switch was closed.
This revisit highlights two important thing:  1. We learn through failure, not success. Good job admitting that the mistakes in the original  2. Engineers are no good at thought experiments. That’s why we’re engineers, not physicists.
"why do we need wires at all?" - Nikola Tesla(sic)
Just how many are "Zillions and zillions"?
I just love how it exploded the online nerd community ❤️ smelled like burning batteries for weeks
This is the Thomas Edison Vs Nikola Tesla debate of the 21st century
Ok, I'll just believe you bc I watched both videos and I still didn't get it 😅
And now we wait...     For the response videos 😅
Understandable. If you go close to a high voltage cable, even without touching it, you will get shocked.
Can you define a field please?
Fake
Quoting engineers speaking about this and how it affects there work doesn’t make your explanation right or less confusing.
Mistakes make for good learnin!
This is so misleading too, this current is induction current, not the current of the source, the current of the source needs to be transferred through the wire.
I thought we couldn't measure the one-way speed of light?
Write a comment + constantly refreshing = real time ,XD
Dont become a mad scientist 😕
Shame on you for attempting to explain things using the imperfect medium of pictures and human language.
Could you make a video on how you suggest teaching this to high-school students?
What a wonderful video !!!
i agree
Whhheather orrrrr not its misssleading ir not,,,,,,,, its definately overproduced dribble, designed to waste the time of the listener, while dazzling, dodging, ducking & replacing information with "infotainment", a recently discovered toxic technique used by the entertainment industry, the breakfast food industry & the current "democratic" administration. 🤢🤮 Barf me out with a lightening rod.🥸👁👁👆⚡️
You have fallen into a trap.  Fields and Maxwell's equations are not the ultimate; not how things "really" work.  QED (Quantum Electrodynamics) holds that position.   Field equations can be derived from QED with some simplifications (That's way over my head, but some QM professionals have told me that's true.)   Circuit analysis can be derived from fields with some simplifications (i.e. Lumped parameters).  Your theme is to teach that circuit analysis is not the ultimate truth, but never mention QED.   It is common (nearly universal) that professors of electric field theory tout their specialty as the ultimate reality.  That is just as parochial as saying the same about circuits.
I think Eric Dollard prove something like this a while back.
I feel like the largest caveat not being addressed is whether this phenomena would occur with shielded wire. When wire is unshielded it is prone to picking up radiation from all kinds of sources, such as the point of contact at the switch where this video shows an EF emission. But in a situation where the wire and bulb were adequately shielded - as in real world situations - how would the EF ever reach the wire on the other side of the 1m gap without having to travel along the length of the wire?
"The bulb goes one even if the circuit is closed" : well, that confirm my initial comment, this is just a pair of antenna
Is the experiment valid, because the mesure wires are very close to each other.
Physicists : 1 Engineers : 0
And thus Nikola Tesla from the grave says you figured it out. Thomas Edison really botched it for all of us
Thanks! I was confused after the first video, but now I get it.
I don't disagree, but this experiment is not set up right... at 20:11 you can see that the ends are connected (at least one end is.)  They shouldn't be connected until 1 light second away, which is easily simulated by just not connecting them.  If you are only measuring the first 30 nanoseconds, you only need 30 nano-light-seconds of the wire to test the simulation (about 30 feet), but it is key that they not be connected.  When you connect them, you are not modelling the same circuit.  I'd love to see this same experiment carried out without the wires being connected to verify you get the same result.
I remember you talking about changing thumbnails and I've been watching you change it as this keeps popping up into my recommended feed. It looks like it's working you're on trending! :) Great video this while far more complicated helped me understand the situation much better.
Hope in s near future electric cars won’t need a lot of battery capacity an antenna & a few towers emitting those fields of electricity may be modulated in a carrier wave; God Willing.
Noice
I learned electrons flowing looks a lot like horizontal pachinko.
Take the lightbulb out, how does the wire know which point to be positive or negative on the "outside" of the wire.  Im an amateur but i still believe, even after this explantion, that current either pushes or pulls on neighbouring protons/electron like surface tension such as the negative end of a battery creates a vacuum that pulls in from the positive end or the positive end generates a volume of charged atoms that follow the path of the last known atom through a "surface tension like" attraction, if it simply followed the path of least resistance the in the air would be best, but that lack of resistance also works against it to disipate the charge. If the charge came from radiance then a switch wouldnt work, its only a mm or even less, so are you saying it came jump 1m but not a 1000th of that distance.  And how can a field be generated if there is nothing to determine an end point. I feel the charge comes first and the field is a result of that, like magnetic levitation, you can have the levitation if you havent introduced the magnrtic part of it first, what is there 1km down the wire that create ls a charge if a charge is not there in the first place, its like saying there is enough charge going through the wire that you dont even need a battery.
The Transformer Point too, something happens there that makes the Electrons end up at the other side of the wire for either step down or step up transformers
I love seeing those debates taking place on YouTube 😍
So this is what Nicholas Tesla discovered a long time ago
Still misleading. Dipole fields decay as 1/r^3, so 1m away from the switch, most of it has decayed. Also, the idea that you can light up a light bulb with an open circuit is ridiculous. There is a reason why you don't show this happening in an experiment, although it would be easy to carry out. The reason is that it doesn't work. Also, you claim that electrons don't push each other through the wire, and then go on to explain the exact mechanism by which they push each other through the wire. Claiming that the energy is in the field and not in the electrons is like claiming that in a democracy, ballots vote for the government, and not the people. Ballots are the means by which the people vote, and fields are the means by which charges interact.
🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸MISS UNIVERSE AND THE WHOLE UNIVERSE FOR LENI&KIKO - THE INCORRUPTIBLES!🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸
This is an eye opener and make it much clearer why the chirping chicken toy works. The one with when you touch the two contact points the chicken makes chirping you. Also explains how heart rate monitor that has a strap and watch configuration work . Thank you
Derek, all you had to say is everything is an antenna  Which honestly, I didn't realize until scrolling through the comments. All the ways we move electricity is just a big ol' antenna. That's kind of crazy to me. I will never look at electricity the same -- is it even fair to call it electricity?  Makes you really appreciate how different a view Nikola Tesla's view on electricity was. Like being able to see the matrix all around you. How cool.
I think there are two separate points here: 1. Waves can travel a lot faster than the particles in the wave. In some cases, the particles don't ever leave their original neighborhood. 2. Inductance allows electrical forces to skip what people perceive as the "channels" of electricity and pass directly through insulators.  Both points are explained by electric fields, which are what electrons interact with.
I feel this explains some of the more obscure of Nikola Tesla's work.
WhenI was in second year Electrical Engineering, there was always a star (*) in equations, indicating that there were assumptions—that the frequency was relatively low, that the voltage was relatively low, the current was relatively low, etc.  In third and fourth year, when the assumptions are removed, things get … weird … just like this.  Completely counterintuitive and too complicated for everyday use.
Question: so it actually doesn't matter where exactly the battery is, but the only thing that matters is the distance between the lightbulb and the switch? The battery could be all the way out in space, but if the switch and the lightbulb are 1m away from each other, then the answer is still 1m/c seconds. In the diagram at 10:20 I find this a little bit misleading. The switch should be drawn directly under the lightbulb, and the arrow that says "1m" should be between the lightbulb and the switch. Or rather, the junction of the switch, because that's where the signal (or the electromagnetic wave) starts.
If you can't (admit) be wrong, how can you learn?! Being wrong can mean you haven't learned this yet OR your challenging fundamental concepts; both have growth and merit.
the real question I need an answer to  is how many Youtubers does it take to light up a light bulb. The answer .... ALOT! :)
Sabrina Hossenfelder has a tangential video about cordless charging. Same mechanics. Different responses from her audience though. A quaint social experiment resides in that difference,  I think.
I guess this could kind of explain corona effect and hot joints where cables change direct suddenly as it would impact the magnetic field as well
Tesla was right... he has always been right. What an amazing visionary.
So does that mean that one long wire will have a large voltage at the end than at the beginning because the electrons will accelerate do to the field?
Good telling
I want to see it with the far end disconnected, like in the illustration! That would be very interesting!
I love YouTube physics beefs. This is what the internet should be used for!
Great video, Derek
>says that electricity is not electrons pushing each other along the wire >proceeds to show electrons flowing along the line for the whole video  dude, WHY
The whole situation just shows that we mastered how to use electricity but we still don't fully understand how it actually works and what's happening inside.
|------------------------------------------------------------| B                       long wires                       LED |------------------------------------------------------------|
Indeed, the field carrying the energy is why transformers work.  It is why EMP's generate current in electrically conductive things.
I'm going to argue that if voltage, current and resistance are a lump model for solving Maxwell's equations then the equations are just a lump model for solving the dynamic electron field wave function. Much better explanation than the previous video, even though I still disagree with the notion that the wire acting as antenna is enough to consider the light bulb turned on.
People believe that all the simplifications we've made to have Maxwell laws working for our simple cases (light bulbs and isolated circuits) is how electromagnetism works. Thank you for this detailed explanation.
So as we see in animation non-connected wire carries same energy top connected wire before magnetic field reach ends. So if we put LED bulb to non connected wire next to the switch will it spread light? Please someone answers me this is only thing that I didnt understand in this video :)
have you done a video on the lottery?
so it really *IS* a magic pixie dance like AvE always says
"LOAD-LEAKAGE"
i do not sustain authority with people who hurt me abandon me or betray me.....waste of energy
I've been waiting for this for like... since Alpha Phoenix
This was an amazing video with a wonderful explanation. Thank you!
Pretty sure you're incapable of admitting you're wrong about anything at this point.
u r getting old. white hairs in beard
Creating drama by "misscommunication". I noticed you do that a lot. That's the reason why i find you unsympathetic.
First attempt success is great and all, but we really only learn when things don't go well...
The experiment you are doing Heinrich Hertz performed about 140 years ago to prove the existence of EM waves, he managed to get air spark discharges from the energy received by electromagnetic coupling. There is nothing new here, the same effect is being used in many electronic devices, including the oscilloscope you are using.  This actually confirms what everybody was talking about. The parallel wires cross-talk through electromagnetic coupling has large characteristic impedance (>500 Ohm in your case) and the energy being transferred is very small compared to the case of galvanic connection.  When there is a closed circuit for electron movement the magnetic field is being created not only by "displacement current" dD/dt but also by net charge transfer (electric current) which can be larger by many orders of magnitude, leading to much larger Poynting vector magnitude and much intensive power transfer. Even a led lamp usually needs a few watts of power for normal operation which is 3 orders of magnitude stronger than the power transferred via electromagnetic coupling in your case. The same result was being predicted by almost everybody who criticized the first video.
Rick Hartleys money dont jiggle jiggle, it folds
18:34 The Agilent MSO9404A 4GHz oscilloscope for $30000 looks very good on the ladder^^
I became an electrician 4 months ago not knowing how the magnet spectrum works, I've learned a bunch
So if you put the switch directly next to the light bulb, the light will go instantly? And if you put the switch at the end of one of those two loops, it would take the longest?
To be honest, i seen this what you over explained in this video in the last video and all of the other YouTubers just explaining the same thing in different way that is actualy making it more confusing than what you did
As a computer engineer the original video sent me on a spiral of looking for answers and watched most of the videos that Derek shows in this latest reply and it was kind of clear, Alphaphoenix (is that correct name) convinced and blew my mind with the cable cut demonstration. Math is ok, but a demonstration is necessary from Time to time. Not only “faith” in the math. Thank you Derek!
Such a satisfying journey! I too watched the original and was so unsatisfied. This revisit was the perfect ending to the original, which was like a beginning and a middle with no ending. Bravo.
Still not a correct explanation. Your explanation seems to suggest that you can take a permanent magnet and and power will flow to a load
18:52 Just as ElectroBOOM explained, poor Derek is butthurt.
veritasium makes me watch videos that the future me might understand but clearly not the me right now
Video comes across as Veritasium trying to save face without admitting that he was incredibly wrong.  He doesn't admit that he was wrong that power in a wire comes from charges pushing on eachother (what he calls "misconception 2"). Instead he tricks the audience into thinking he was right, by misleading them into thinking that this effect occurs inside the wire. The charges ARE pushing on eachother, that's the charges on the outside of the wire! Why are they only on the outside of the wire? Because they all push on each other and don't like being near each other, so they stay as far away as possible and are on the very outside of the wire as a result!  Of course Veritasium didn't explain this because he either doesn't understand this or is trying to save face to get his reputation back. What Veritasium didn't understand was that all of electricity & magnetism is just charged particles being pushed by eachother. His previous video claimed that this wasn't the case and that it came from the "electric field." This comes from a fundamental lack of understanding that the electric field is really just a fancy way of expressing how electrons push against each other. If he first tried to make a video trying to explain what the electric field is (instead of making clickbait that common understanding is wrong), he would have learned this simple fact -- that the electric field is just basically a 3D map of what forces are being applied to electrons (by other electrons).
You know, I'm kinda glad your first attempt at explaining this didn't go so well. It led to the creation of a far more valuable and insightful video than would otherwise have been created. I think this video conveys what you actually wanted to convey a lot better, since you use excellent animations, give each topic enough detail, and focus less on the suspense of the answer and more on the actual explanation and interesting phenomena.
I hate to admit that I have almost no idea what you just said.
Veritasium redemption arc
While these content creators present information a PhD might use for a refresher it does not serve the novice and intermediate learner well at all. I can see many walking away from the field altogether or be left overwhelmed and confused.
This is how science works. Someone gives a theory others challenge that theory and finally we get a finished product which is nearer to the truth than before. There is no place for ego in science. I loved how this whole current through circuit dilemma is making us more knowledgeable as a whole. Thanks a lot Derek and specially everyone else who asked questions about Derek's original video. Science for the win!!
so what if the switch and bulb are on opposite sides of the globe? Does it take longer to switch on?
So, nobody wanted to bet you a million bucks you were wrong?  We all know what happened last time 😂, the professor lost. And... how come Xyla Foxlin was not involved in building the model?
The central reason why a literal odyssey of learning in these past two videos was necessary is due to the fact that Derek is simply out of his depth. But that is a good thing for all of us. Every single one of you here: all 10,000 who wants to understand (fully understand) Relativistic Electrodynamics is in for a long exploratory ride. From Maxwell through Einstein and Feynman; Every one of you who wants to understand electricity, and then above that electromagnetism, and above that electrodynamics (with field phenomena and their distinction with circuit phenomena) and then above that transmission line analysis (that's RF and microwave engineering, maggots!!) and then above that Relativity and other gauge field theories, you are embarking on a voyage to understand a field of knowledge possessing such great depth and breadth that it surpasses many others. It is much richer than biology, oceanography, Paleo-anthropology, exobiology international law, artificial intelligence, geo-politics, physiology and chemistry, botany, etc; so many other fields do not have this depth. Electrodynamics and transmission line theory require an enormous amount of cerebral activity but also possess an enormous amount of real-world problem-solving applications. You will be hard-pressed to find a more rewarding career. You should all be very thankful you have access; such EASY and free access to learning. The Internet and all these videos are truly a gift, whereas 100 years ago in order to learn any of this with a good teacher you would have to travel to Princeton or Columbia and sit in front of a blackboard. So you live in privileged times and, in addition to that, every one of you pilgrims is helping to make Derek even richer with every video he comes up with. Kudos to Derek and to you.
You’re an amazing scientist, person and content creator! Congratulations, man!! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Why won't you stop wasting time and ROTATE THE MICHELOSON-MORLEY INTERFEROMETER VERTICALLY ALREADY!?!
I think you did something great which was motivate many people to talk about this topic and generate interest. I'm glad you made the first video the way you did.
So Tesla was correct.
Fine... I apologize for my language on your previous video...
Thanks for keeping the "veritas" in Veritasium.
Yeah, this was a great experiment. Every side acted in good faith. I wished this would happen more often.
You still think about Electricity just as field, but it's a part of general rule that says two electrons constantly and "magicaly" exchange their kinetic energy to maintain 0-momentum in "whole scale". It would be obvious if there were only two electrons in univerese: we would not see this like field, just like newtonan balistic theory. Adding more electrons we'd get n-body problem. Field is mathemticaly easier in real phisic, it's for sure. But it's not changing anything. Electricity it's special case of general rule which makes possible to use stick to move can. Electricity in wires it's absolutely the same we just use stick to move sth.
Any one that wants to question what is being said.  Think how wireless charging works... This is two completely independent coils of wires... Energised by the magnetic field  Also this also how inductors work in things like amplifiers etc. The flow of electrons is transfered through insulated wires due to the magnetic field being produced
It's looks like you will do it again
Great job. I am not sure if you have admitted that "the direct path" from the switch to load" is just one possible path, and not the main path through which most of energy flows.  I think this also applies to speed if casualty. It is like seeing the same event directly and through a mirror, only in this case the direct path transfers less energy!
Your initial video on this made enough sense to me. When I first started learning about electricity in school, my teachers used a "water pipe" analogy, but cautioned that it wasn't accurate. For years, then, I  was left wondering what was wrong with it. Even when I started learning a little bit about rf circuits (radio ham here), the "water pipe" idea still seemed to be OK for DC circuits. Your video showed me what was wrong with the "water pipe" analogy, so it was something of a revelation.
Close but wrong again.  There are no electrons.  There is only the magnetic field, this is what causes the charge.  No movement of electrons.  Biggest con is science.
I think one of the important takeaways is that at some point when doing circuit analysis you may need to give up the lumped circuit model and think of them as transmission lines and antennas
Bravo! Sapere aude!
21:30 Is there a link to that lecture given by Rich Hartly?
Wait... but, if the electrons are not flowing, then why are you showing animations that show flowing? It's soooo confusing... I don't understand 😕
very nice..🤟 reopens the idea of wireless energy by nicolas tesla.... free energy which suppressed by metered billings...what do you think?
This is such a "response" video. For people who were not aware of your previous video, or not involved in the conversation around it, this video is so confusing. Feels like this response should have been left to twitter or a more personal channel. As someone who was not aware of this discussion, I feel like I learned essentially nothing form this video.
4:30 thank God Derek for clearing this point, I am so glad you made this video....I am in high school and I always used to tell this to my teachers and friends but all I get to listen from them is.....it's not written in your textbook so don't make up your own things.....but still tere are several points in electricity which I don't understand.for e.g what's the proof of kirchoff current law ,,,some people and my textbook say it's charge conservation but it's very silly because I am not talking about destroying or creating charge, I am asking why can't it accumulate anywhere?  2)why is it that capacitor plates connected in a circuit always carry equal and opposite charges? They say one electron accumulating over one plate will push one electron from the other plate but it's just one scenario why one can repel only one? 3) teachers and textbooks says incoming and outgoing current in a battery must be equal always....I don't understand why? For e.g if the switch is open you have some surface charge distribution on the wires which cancels the electric field from battery but is it necessary that how many electrons accumulate on surface exactly same amount should leave from other parts..if no then charges inside the battery is not conserved when circuit is open but when it's closed and a current is there why do we say charges inside the battery at any time must be equal? They are just random facts for which I don't have any explanation neither did I found any on the internet
you dont even need a wires, electrons and protons are in air,el. field is just a stimulans for a close circuit what redirekt energy from a to b or colecting it a to b  b to a,without interfere with other energies and devices..........peace
Fantastic follow-up!  Been binge-watching History of the Universe.  Yep.  FIELDS.  It's allllllll fields.
I was pretty sure Electricity was similar to  newton's cradle, instantly moving electrons when inside a closed circuit
I like the way you think, you do not accept what everyone else considers law and make people rethink these archaic ideas.
This. This is why the internet exists. To share knowledge and ideas and better understand everything.
Now we need an explanation of this, in terms of neurones. Why can our neurones conduct electricity and how? Is it an exception or an example of what was explained?
Always start with a misconception ^_^
Reminds you how brilliant maxwell was that he understood the nature of em feilds while the rest of us tried to make shortcuts to bypass his precise mathmatical description
I have a question. Can you cancel out gyroscopic effect ? Like if a cycle has 2 extra wheels of same mass as original wheels that counter rotates without touching the ground will you be able to ride it?
That was great, thank you
Thank you sir and I love it when you educate the less intelligent apes that attack you ..especially the guy that spends his time harming himself for subs.....Bravo
I don't get any of this but I'm glad you're addressing misunderstandings about your content
Lol u failed lol
Does how well insulated the wires are affect the timing? Does 'insulating' dampen the surrounding field or just the leakage?
Tesla's wireless transmission jumps to mind!
now i wonder if maxwells equations are used to make cpus faster
famous people
love your stuff, I feel that the fact that this would only work for a circuit that was exactly 1 meter apart confused me. I can imagine a circuit where the switch and bulb are closer together than the total distance of cable yet this affect would obviously not be seen? I get the purpose of making it vague though, I've kind of learnt something, although purposely distracting us from the magnetic coupling that wires experience was cruel lol
🤨
"Waveguides"
С практическрй точки зрения бессмысленный эксперимент. чтобы зажечь свет на расстоянии метра от батарейки можно просто лампочку расположить рядом с батарейкой и направитт свет в ту сторону. это будет сильно эффективней чем передавать электроэнергию между проводами.
I liked it when I thought electricity moves like water. Now I'm confused all over again. This topic is a bit over my head.
Redeem yourself Derek, by doing a third video which addresses the importance of the spatial geometry of the circuit, and by clearing up your  implication that it is the surface area of the conductors that matters. By paying close attention to your explanation it is apparent that what goes on inside the conductors sets up the field around the conductors, but this is obfuscated by the rest of your commentary.
good animations
Wow super vid with also taking ownership
Again In English please
Batteries are to time as brakes on your calipers
I still don't understand how the bulb would go on if the circuit is not complete. It just doesn't happen. If the circuit is incomplete, the bulb doesn't go on, right?
Thank you, as always very interesting
The time it takes for the light bulb to reliably illuminate is the time it takes for the field to propagate along the whole circuit. The existence of a small, transient transfer of energy across the shortest space between the conductors, in this case taking 1/C seconds is an interesting effect but not one that is particularly important in the case he chose (it could easily be too small to light the bulb).
I only have 58 subscribers.
If we have AI and supercomputers why don't we  Use them to solve Maxwell's equations.
In defense of Veritasium, of the response videos I watched (EEVblog and RSD Academy come to mind), I recall that none of them disagreed with the answer - 1/c seconds. In the unpacking of why this was the case, some things were glossed over, some elements were, misleading, incomplete, or whatever, but that's where the real treasure is!
This may well be your finest hour!
If it's the electric field, the lead pulse  the oscilloscope is just showing  capacitive reactance, right?
This guy is great!
Why was I born stupid?
people have to ask some serious questions about electricity , specialy electrical terms,  like charge , field , mfield ,efield , evelocity .etc what do we mean when we say electron is charged ? charged with whats another particle or so !!!
This is amazing. That's sceince moving forward right Infront of us. You took research out of the dark. Thank you and thank all the communicators who dissed you, and last but not least, Thanks YouTube!
Grr here I am getting my electrician brain melted again  🙃
Just wow.
Now I remember why I quit electrical engineering after my first 2 years. It SUCKS!!!
first what's is the field ? i thought every thing is  electron, protron,neutron, . but this ( field ! ) thing  , can some body explain
It would be nice if the schools would at least mention the fields saying that they represent the tilt of the water pipes.
Ok, original video was like for 13 year olds, this one feels at university level - super accurate (I think) but not as understandable. Respect for being humble and revisiting!
19:52 - Is it really necessary to show the guy which way to turn the light bulb?
Yes, this experiment sparked a debate of rare quality, well done and nice revisit!
The first indication I had that something was wrong with how we usually think about electricity happened when I built an electric guitar amplifier from a schematic. It's super easy to follow a schematic, but very difficult to sort out the weird field interference between nearby components. It felt so magical, arbitrary, and unscientific. It feels less so now, thanks to your explanations.
Finally ....the conclusion Its OK Derec... Your point was clear... Every body joined us in this quest is beautiful..
Good. Your first video was misleading. It felt more like clickbait than education.
The only thing I don't like about the whole thing is how late the response came out. I was very disappointed by the last video and also as everyone knows misinformation spreads faster than truth. While the last video wasn't wrong, it was easily interpreted wrongly. It did the very thing you criticized: oversimplification.  I finally get your point and it is a great point. We simply the physics too much and miss out on context and causality. But even without any of the complicated Maxwell equations, a middle/high schooler could come to the conclusion by thinking about inductance and capacity. They don't understand WHY it works like that  but they could get to the same conclusion anyway.  So when you claimed that they would be wrong, you didn't clarify why they are "wrong". Which is them missing the bigger picture. Additionally: since the electric field is build by tiny cumulative movements of electrons, saying that "electrons moving isn't the thing that transmits the information" is also just as oversimplified as the "misconception". It is moving electrons but not how one would think they would move at first.
How does alternating current work? Does the sum of electronic field alternate dir ections with the frequency speed?
Makasam kei bujhya vaye marnu
Love all of this, even though I understand little of It. Will be interesting to see what happens, If it could ever be done at 300k Kilometers!
Hi
Thank you for this video, the earlier one, and everything else that you do.
Silly question from a non-theorist  - if the "energy" is carried in fields,, why doesn't every circuit interfere with every other circuit?
It has to be 1m not 15cm away from it. God!
Plz now make a video on how battery works charged and discharged .
This quite frankly, should win an award. It should be compulsory viewing for Physics students from middle school to university. Absolutely amazing explanation, and demonstrates not just the Physics but also the scientific method without pretense, and admits the original difficiencies, and pulls in other people's evidence.
I used to think V=IR acts like water in a river. I'm totally wrong ...
If you had an infinitely long wire pair we could use a dc multimeter to measure the characteristic impedance.
Great explanation. I have 3 questions remaining: 1. Does the current the light bulb receives decrease significantly when you increase the distance between light bulb and power source? (my guess is yes) 2. Could you influence the initial current reaching the lightbulb with some kind of insulator or electromagnet? 3. Since the "small" current doesn't have to travel along the wire, but across the gap, would it be possible to transfer the same amount of power to the light bulb with a power source that's not physically connected to it? I feel like I'm missing something there.
Brilliant one Derek. By far the best follow-up video on topic questioned or rejected by others. Just a small error in the illustrative schematic at 16:50 - the battery polarity was incorrect. Thanks for the video.
Great video clarifying your points. Your last video was a bit off and people rightfully criticised it. Your valid points were hidden too deep under your "debunking" talk
So interesting and well explained!
Wow, welcome to a live example, of the scientific peer-review process, in action. Amazing.
so this "incident" caused a thorough and inspiring  journey into something that basically we have always known?
Most people don't understand, before the internet I was talking about the field of energy that carries the current. Most only know what someone taught them and they never question it. I was making things light up without wires when I was 11 and my parents made me stop because they did not want the neighbors to think I was possessed. I not surprised at the responses that you received. Try explaining multiple dimensional arrays, to date I am the only person that could explain them even though computers use them all the time.
I've lost a lot of respect for you. Your original video was entirely misleading, at the end of this video all you do is demonstrate that it was. At no point in the original video did you differentiate between part of the current and all of it reaching the bulb. Own your mistakes, don't try to cover them up.
We all use electricity but almost everybody is not aware how it works
Repeat this test, but using shielded (coaxial) cables...  :-)
science disses on youtube loving it
This is more understandable
So Does the distance through wires or the pure distance matters?
For the "how can we make the light turn on the fastest", it would have been interesting to remove the wires entiely and just couple the source and the light bulb through capacitor plates with alternating current. And then changing that to transmission lines and going from AC to a DC pulse/step would have been interesting, without the annoyance of the bad claims.
I want a video on electroboom and veritasium having an intellectual debate. :D
Derek I have a question. Around minute 13 you argue that the electric field is propagated in wires not connected to the circuit. But based on the broken circuit you illustrated 13:03 , wouldn't that mean the wires are not both charged before hitting the switch? So there's no electric field created? So when hitting the switch on the broken circuit you'd have a negative charged pole of the switch (left) connecting to a neutral one (right wire which is not connected to the circuit). Am I wrong or just confused?
I believed you!
As I understood it, electrons in the wire can't carry the energy at all because they move to slow in DC or even don't move at all in AC. Therefore the energy is carried by the dielectric and magnetic fields. Like when you see a fluorescent light faintly glowing when off but near a high voltage powerline. This didn't clear things up for me. Especially the sheppard, sheepdog, sheep analogy doesn't fit that at all.
Great video as usual. Using the shortcuts provides an illusion of understanding that saves time and frustration for those that are not familiar with advanced mathematics and physics.
8,5E28 CuAtoms/m3 if each atom has 1 free electron they are 1,4E10 Coulombs/m3 if One Amp pass through 1mm2 the Speed Is 0,7 microns/second  or 2,6 mm/hour . quite slow . Someone can confirm my calculation ?
Don't bet against the standar model of physics. It states it's photons that mediates the electromagnetic force and definitely not electrons. So more changes in the electromagnetic field than the state of the electromagnetic field.
So does having a bunch of wires carry more radiation when by an active circuit ?
Thanks for this Derek, I was very much not satisfied the explination from the other but now I'm in agrement with you. Thank you for making this video to clarify and not just leaving the topic as it was.
You're a brilliant science communicator
Derek, these title changes are confusing. I clicked on first video but didn't watch until the end. I think this title is more interesting (to me who works in electricity sector without being an electrician). But still... I thought at first it was a new video different from the "wires" one.
Well you can see that this very schematic can successfully be utilised to prevent EMP from damaging electronics, given you have fast enough transistors. The very minor quantity of power reaches the load in 1/C time, (which can also be measured by the tuned antenna of the second wire) while the main component transfered over the "waveguide" of the physical wire will take all the time it takes for the L/C. Also - try now to reduce the load. make it 10 Ohms (like in the real light bulb) and you will see that this initial 1/C delivered power will become 100 times smaller.
So Tesla was right after all!  Excellent video.  Alternating current is often described as current flowing in one direction then reversing. If I understand correctly, what changes is the orientation of the electric field.
Thanks Derrick, that was great. I thought that there may have been more to it.  Clear as mud, cheerz  😆  ;)
I have a physics Hons and masters degrees, and a masters in electrical engineering.  I have carefully taken into account transmission line considerations when I design pcbs and….  I got the original 1/c answer wrong. What you say is obvious once explained by until that moment it just never entered my thought process.  This is you tube at its very very best. Thank you.
I understood more about currents from this video than from my uni's course on electricity
Le Derek:  This time, it's personal.
I think this guy and Sabine Hossenfelder are among the clearest YouTube explainers of science. If you want to be really confused go to 'PBS Space Time' channel. That guy jumps from one point to the next with no adequate explanation. It's as if he is summarising a New Scientist article while not understanding it himself.
Being lazy and convenient is what carrys the trouble.  It is easier to attack and lie then to negotiate and explain.  The downfall of many a career and reputation.
We've known this for years..  It's how a *clip on ammeter* works.
This video methaphorically is the biggest slam-dunk in history.
Mistake, assumption or misunderstandings... It is super difficult to create anything that every person will view or understand in exactlymor closely.the same way... I find that your videos are just simply so thought provoking that we all benefit as does the field of science!  Keep up the superb work, it’s some of the best time I spend with my daughters… and what comes from their thoughts also!!! Love it!!!
If the fields are carrying the energy will a different circuit's field interfare with another circuit's fields lying adjacent to it . Can this be verififed through any experiment?
Big respect. This is why this is my favorite YouTube channel.
Great, thanks a lot. This is the kind of quality content I was hoping to get from you. Kudos. Please keep on this way.
It seems that the poynting vector is carrying the current and the electric field carries the voltage.  Why I ask?
This is like the Einstein's and Newton's of their time debating science but just in the 21st century. I love it!
Okay, so there's still a chain reaction, as I understand it. In the simulations we can see charge distributed from each terminal of the battery, that is propagating along the wire surface. I guess, moving very light electrons a very short distance from electric field created by other either electrons or protons really would be almost at light speed... And in the second instant, already moved electrons would move again and affect those further in the conductor media via even stronger electric field from even more net +/- charge  and this continues until a uniform gradient from the electrode potential charge value to 0 is created  cool...
I wish he didn't step foot in this place on youtube  there is always gonna be an indian man that understands power better than him especially if he was punched in the chest with 240 as a child
Nicw
How are the surface charges created?
More people should study PDE in the engineering curriculum!
Most youtubers: "I am gonna bait a whole bunch of viewers into watching my video even though it is not very entertaining!" Derek: "I am gonna bait a whole bunch of electrical engineering youtubers into making videos explaining this topic to millions!"
Mosto f the time failure is success because what is not the greatest teacher but to fail at something. It's a way for the person to learn not to do the same mistake twice so nobody should be ashamed of failing at something.
At least you created some revenue for other channels...
"current can pass even in an open circuit through fields " That's the takeaway for me .Thanks
Veritasium, though the Probability of you reading this is extreamly low, but after this video im pretty confident in saying : Your first video could have simply used as an explaination of the Pionting vetor / the effects of electro-magnetism. This now second video was basically not much more but stepping back and just explaining the law of induction based of the first video
I see many analogy attempts from moving electrons, to piped water, now barking dogs!  The truth is no one really understands the electron . It is clearly not a particle and physics is not willing to embrace wave duality and it implications. This has been physics dirty little secret for decades.  Nobody knows how it works past needs a new battery, it just does.
Thanks Derek for this fascinating video. 🤩 It gave me some interesting ideas!
Great video to sum up a great controversy! To make electrical engineers even happier, it would have been worth mentioning that if you instead use a shielded wire, you will not get any power to the bulb before full propagation occurs along the line, because there would be no capacitance between the leads (or: no field outside the shielding).
I agree with you that the magnetic feild carries the energy using the example you gave with Rhetorically long wire. You did a great job those other guys are just being what I call haters using your platform to gain where they suck at (understanding) without ignorance
One of those simulations for an AC version would be rad
Honestly, I find this battle of the super-nerds extremely entertaining!
Yo so I’m dumb. Why wouldn’t there be a ton of interference between electronics. Like all hardware in my computer should be running bc it’s within the electric field of like 10 other things in the computer that are on.
I need this video in "veritasium en español"
I now want to see the same experimental build with that not connected wire next to it
Screw the haters
could you explain the charge trap in fets if you are correct. you built your explanation on a lamp. actually there is something called transistors that totally deal with electrons and has nothing to do with electric field .you took the result of charges with the electric field as the cause of charge movement.
Thanks for this and the previous video explaining what I have believed for some time. Does this then mean that a depleted battery cell, having not discharged actual electrons, would have the same mass as a fully charged battery cell? Has anybody actually weighed a battery before & after discharge?
50 minutes combined of video to say that two wires some distance apart carry capacitance such that some current will travel through them at the speed of the E field (light). All the current? no. That will have to wait longer.
Wow they were mean screw them. Don't give in to them
With a PhD in Physics I have no problem understanding your explanation, but I still find it somewhat misleading and confusing. I think the easiest way to describe the setup at the moment of closing the switch is saying that both parallel wires are antennas, the one with the battery emitting an EM-field and the one with the bulb absorbing the EM-field. I think the explanation in the first video was not good and I have the impression that instead of admitting that, you doubled down and tried to make it work this time with a more lengthy explanation and better animations.
I feel a little bit smarter now.
Okaaaaay?
I can learn all this for free thanks❤️‍🔥
Humble and intelligent, not often do those 2 go together, great video !
What's so cool is I started out the vid thinking that Derek had got it wrong. Cause I'd had similar concerns to some of the critics when I watched the earlier vid. And then it ended with Derek being like: sooooooo, as you can see - I was right all along. Such a win. Like that other vid when the mountain bike dude crashes his bike when he's in the lead. And you think he's lost. and then he flies into frame over the top of the other two riders after doing an epic wall ride and comes first.
this man will make me love science forever. ever...
Great video, but god the original one was misleading and poorly explained.
This should be taught in schools, seeing how many misguided reaction videos there have been...
Okay, I might be missing something, but if the light bulb turns on even if the circuit is broken, then surely the lightbulb would stay on, as the switch is just a break in the circuit, so opening and closing it wouldn't alter the state of the bulb.
Shouldnt the load have been 550Ω ? I mean Jacobis law says that the maximum power transfer happens at the conjugated impedance.  Also, wouldnt this have been the perfect time to introduce TDR?
So it's half correct. The bulb turn on little power almost immedieatly. But Full power has to wait for the power transmit through the wire.
But it could effect on the nature. Right ??
This means if you connect a strong enough battery to a long enough spool of wire, and there’s a light bulb nearby that’s not even connected to anything, it should light up for a moment.
عاشت ايدك حجي
My mistake was watching this video with a hangover
I now understand alot of what Nikola Tesla was trying to do with his Wardencliffe experiments.. I never could wrap my head around how he thought electrical feilds would power the world instead of power lines but after watching this video I now understand it
i knew for a long time, that internet cables needed a lot of of isolation, to prevent false signals, and also better be some distance from each other then side by side, but never understood why that was a problem, now with the electrofield explonation, i kind of do :) thanks , i found this video a lot better , the first left me a bit confussed :)
I was waiting for this.
more generally, it's that same old but important message: models are helpful to understand the world, but we should know where the limits of the model are
I understood your original video. I thought it was directed at the layman, as you had said that what we were taught in school about electricity wasn’t correct.  It’s typical of professionals in their field to criticise and analyse. I mean no offence.  So as a layman, and I guess many others, your original video made perfect sense and it blew my mind. 👍
Yet, what you've showed is SOME power is transmitted by fields, like leakage, BUT you didn't get the full power of the sources until it traveled along the wire at the speed of light. You just played a 'gotcha' by using a light that is active at the small field voltage..and originally you didn't put the emphasis on the distance between the source and the light bulb, I was thinking about this experiment like running a wire across the globe, and in this case, I bet the radius of the earth make this field energy transfer even less than the leakage, and the light would light up only after the length of the wire/light speed.. So, it's not that the power move into a field, but that a field is generated and induce leakage...
Nothing more invigorating than watching really clever people debate.  Thanks and keep pushing humanity forward !
The problem here was that EE’s don’t do thought experiments. They saw a practical problem and answered it correctly from an engineering perspective, not a physics one. I like that veritasium came back to this problem
Doesn't this explanation kind of assume that elections have no mass? Surface charges have mass, shouldn't friction not the speed of light be the limiting factor? Otherwise why would we use expensive materials like copper or gold in our electronics?  I still don't live this explanation, it doesn't actually prove his case. It actually almost makes him more wrong.
So is the lumped element model still the best way to teach students about electricity, or is there a better way?
Errrrrrrrmmmm.......My brain hurts!
13:30, when the switch is closed, there is a electric field already far away, what is this?
These laws did not evolve, God created them
Ask this is assuming they're is now than one electron...
How does this apply to a sheilded cable? Would the feild need to travel across the cable then?
Excellent return to this video. Unlike seemingly many, I actually thought the first video did a good job as well, though I won't say that it was because I have any particularly intelligent insight that others seemed to lack, it simply made sense to me as it was. However I agree with most here that this video has a better set of visualizations in the rendered simulations that make it much clearer what you were talking about the first time.  I can also say that while I did understand and feel that your premise made sense the first time around, it was only in watching this video that i made a few other connections with things about electromagnetism I have never really understood, and again that was likely because of the visualizations in this video that are very effective in showing the behavior over time of electrical flow.  Brilliant. Thank you for continuing to make such great and informative science based videos available for everyone to enjoy and learn from. Best of all, for you to learn from in your own way, as well. These are the best kinds of dialogue, where everyone gains valuable knowledge of some kind.
That is why cobferences are peer-reviewed... and science in YouTube is just... entertainment.
Derek,I Remember a lesson where you explain magnetic field Is the relativistic way electrons moves . You did a great job with this video but I think you can go deeper ,mistery Is not colmpletely solved . You could be our Agata Christie .
Ok back to fundamentals: Any energy is wave 🙏 Derek, you you come to morocco then... electricien succeeded to make my light bulb lighting up at naked-eye speed 😄
Great follow-up.  Also, cool Gladiator reference in the index picture :)
How does this video not have 10 million likes. When we spend time wondering what we can be thinking about which could make a large difference these are the sort of things we should all be pondering.
Hopefully next time you'll explain what you mean, as both answers are correct, depending on how you interpret the question.
It's all White Mans Magic I tells ya. This is why I like hydraulics - if you see oil that shouldn't be there then that is the problem! Not all this fandangled scary invisible death just waiting to get you.
🤯👌
You mean there's YouTubers out there, that doesn't copy strike others that disagree with them. .
I used to work as an house electrician and I have noticed this in some situations, where some led bulbs would sometimes have a very low light when turned off (mostly on old houses) due to having others wires that have current being used that creates a lower voltage field that would "leak" to nearby wiring of the bulb, specially in cases of machines with higher amperage  also because of these fields there are detector devices or "pens" as we call it because it's just pen shaped that are actually just a small device that detects these fields to identify the location of wires in your walls, so if you need to hang a picture or a painting be sure to check before drilling with one of these ;)
I’m glad to see that he finally admitted he was wrong. I respect his honesty, even if it did take him a while to confess.
Some details have been clarified. However we still did not get a clear answer to the original question.
Great job on the topic, I learned a lot, but... Come on, the first video was a well thought provocation. You hinted that the live experiment is coming. It was intentionally vague bait.
@14:47 the simulation shows that initially the energy flow is AWAY from the light bulb. How does this make the light bulb light up?🤔
I can't believe in what I heard from 13:19, maybe I'm just too naive to still think that light bulb won't glow on a broken circuit anyway.
Wow, those critics really need a better understanding of language and mathematics. Thanks for making we worry about the state of the field!
This is what finally tips alpha pheonix's channel over the edge! He's great!
Thanks for the clear explanation i was always puzzled on how electricity works and although understood that using water as an analogy for electric current it still puzzles me. Now i guess im ready to study electronics to build projects
I never realized the field is there with battery connection even with switch off. And that's with 10+ years of experiments and learning in school :)
The original video is intentionally misleading in order to be more provocative, so I don't consider the tone of this follow up (primarily, smug vindication) to be reasonable.
The state of current affairs.
Ahhh now this is refreshing. This is what YouTube science should be. Proper science at that. Not only proposing a theory but actually going out of your way and using the resources you have to set up an experiment to put your theory to the test as best as you can. I feel like often enough on YouTube we get a lot of science explained to us without experimentation. Just basically “trust me this is what would happen” I know it’s not practical or easy to test abstract things but at the end of the day everything we know should be because we can observe it some way or another.
The value of the video is that Derek generated a set of people to actually experiment and propose their own variants. This is how science should work.
Every time I start to think I understand anything about physics...
First is current, and because of this current there is electric field. No electric(Current) applies no electric field.  Skin effect(Charge on the surface) etc, are other detailed factor during power transmission. Anyway Great experiment.
My batteries use entangled electrons. My bulb is a Schrödinger's bulb.
hey why no inductors on the bottom wire   ,  16:00 ?
You don't actually address the measured delay (what was even was it?) which was in your original claim. Or explain the shape of the initial rising edge of the received signal. Sure this is way better than the original video, but you haven't actually shown your 1m/c claim (the central point you asked your viewer to select from) is true - on your scope trace it looks closer to >5ns than 3.3ns.  While I appreciate the re-visit, and the admission that the original wasn't a clear as it should have (ought to have) been. Blaming your viewers for misinterpretting what you presented is not on.  I also can't help but notice the conditions of the test are rather different from the original presentation. The applied voltage is doubled, the wires are off the ground around the battery, switch, and bulb, and the wires themselves have been replaced with pipe. Why were these changes made? Did it perhaps not work as originally presented? Why?
I feel like the importance of this question is so underrated and needs to be reiterated on in highschool. I remember in physics class having to deal with resistances etc. and I just couldn't be bothered since I had no idea what actually went on anyway. If this would've been explained to me 12 years ago in highschool I might've sparked some interest in it. I recall that I had a 10/10 for computer board stuff and then got an exam followed up for resistances etc. in circuits and I just wrote my name on it gave it to the teacher knowing my average would still be 5,5 from just those two which is the exact sufficient amount to pass.
Please correct me if I am wrong. This video to me seems again very misleading, trying to deflect from the fact that how the "energy is in the fields" statement was characterized by his experiment as "the energy is outside the wire and doesn't need to travel all the distance through the wire". Now it turns out, the absolute most amount of energy is , yes, in the field, BUT on the surface and inside the wire, so it has to travel all the distance along the wire (as you can see in the simulation) to do work. Yes there is a small effect, by electromagnetic / electrostatic fields jumping the air gap due to the wires beeing in parallel and not very far apart, but that only proves that there is a secondary effect called induction.  In his introduction he apologizes for causing confusion and not explaining his premise well enough, but that to me, sounds like putting the blame on the audience. Yes if you use a powerful enough energy source, this secondary "induction effect" would make a weak LED light up, but that was never the question. The question was how energy is (mostly) transfered. And its not true that's done by fields in the air outside the wires. Somehow this video just seems to have the notion of "I was right in the first place" because "You, the audience didn't understand my premise in detail" because "I didn't explain it well enough".  While I think his initial premise was simply wrong and it would have been a much more honest video to explain what led him to his misconception. Still...I might be wrong, missing something here due to my lack of understanding of higher physics😅
From what I remember of the first video, you made it seem like the light would turn on fully, not that a miniscule current would flow through the bulb, nor that a disconnected wire at the same distance would experience the same effect.  I wish you had done that experiment.
From the first video itself before watching I had an expectation of these elementary knowledge, finally in to it now. Thank you.
There is a need of theories without misunderstandings, and it will solve all these problems.
Is this thumbnail a reference to the „are you not entertained“ meme? Well played Derek!
I think you are trying to validate yourself unfairly.  Nobody argue that EM wave does NOT travel outside the wire and into the vicinity of the light bulb.   In fact, early Marconi telegram did just that.  It was using EM wave from a switching relay to communicate across the Atlantic.  That shows that energy does come out from the switch in the form of EM wave, otherwise the telegram would not have worked.  But the energy is NOT sufficient to lit up the light bulb you were using in the first video in the sense that we understood.  You can always come up with a high tech light bulb that can emit light (no matter how little photons come out) at this kind of power level.  You can even argue that the light bulb emits light when there is only ONE photon coming out due to the EM wave coming from the closed switch.  Getting 14mW into a 1W LED bulb is NOT considered turned on.  Obviously that is not what we understood as lit up.  That is NOT fair.
You cracked the code.       Step 1. Tell everyone they're wrong about something simple while leaving room for disagreement.     Step:2 Encourage and invite debate. Watch as everyone sends there viewers to your video to see (the dumb dumb) talking junk.    Step:3  Rake in all that money cuz it's raining views.    Step:4 (this is optional )make another video politely dunking on everyone. Accidentally generating more cash.
Actually everyone have come to the same conclusion, included those who has done the measurement(Yes, everyone who did the experiment has found the small voltage/current change at the far-side).  The only thing people didn't come to agreement is that the mini current would light up the bulb. As I stated at the last video, you would need good wireless charger set up.
Yes, sure. Any light switch turns on all (even unconnected) bulbs around  it in a radius of 1 light year. And no one sees the issue with that?
Massive props to you for making the spirit of scientific enquiry real! You embody intellectual curiosity, courage and humility and I respect your willingness to speak up with great questions and ideas. I wish I had had this in my education as an electrical engineer; I’m so grateful to be enlightened now.
Never use a collapsible latter.
Props to Derek for addressing the criticisms and making another video
What I can't believe is you guys built that circuit so you had to use a ladder to access it! As Fred Sanford would say "dummies".
Finally a meaningful youtube war!
About misconception 2: you don't have to misinterpret it as electrons physically bumping other electrons, the charge density being zero at every point is the reason the electrons are moving, they have to move, otherwise there will be a build up of electrons at a certain section.     So it's not wrong to say that it is the electrons pushing the other electrons, because a small build up of negative charge being balanced by electrons flowing opposite the direction of the electric field, means electrons being repusled by the negative charge excess that flowed into their section, which is electrons.
Just seemed like he manipulated the first video to create claims that are only true if you constrain the setup like the second video.  "Oh, sorry, this is what I meant."  Come on.  BTW if a light bulb lights up even if it is a an LED bulb, you would expect to see it.  I am sorry,  I challenge anyone to see the light in the 50 ns before the full power wave lights up the bulb.  Come on, 50 ns.  It can only be seen with a scope.  No human can see that before the full wave lights up the bulb .  I lost a lot of respect for you Derek with this series of videos.
I got upset from that video !
It's important when making a correction/apology video to show off your virtue signaling hoodie merch
🙏Behold I make all things new Jesus said. Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will never pass away 📖nkjv ❤️🧎‍♂️ changing seasons, and getting hurt and healing is proof of this reality !!! It will go back to perfection 🙌 no more death, crying, pain, no more cleaning, or broken things. No more worry or lies, no more arguments or stealing. No more rotten foods or bad odors. Etc…….  Creation is broken because of sin. But God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten son, that whoever believes in Him will not perish but have everlasting life.  We must be willing to turn from sin and believe the Gospel for forgiveness.  1st John 2:17 He who does the will of God abides for eternity.  🙏Jesus I surrender my heart and life to You, so you can live Your life Lord Jesus in and through me. ❤️🧎‍♂️  This is done by knowing and choosing to live out your perfect Word 📖nkjv
Thank You, Derek! I think I understand electricity now better than I did in physics class in high school.
Still not 100% correct. The electric field inside the wire is not the cause for the electrons to generate directed motion. The electric field inside the wire is only because of losses in the material. You can see it if you plot the Poynting vector inside the wire. In Maxwell equations current is a separate entity that depends on the curl of the magnetic field and the time derivative of the E Field. Thus for a DC current, the time derivative of the E Field is zero and the current solely depends on the curl of the magnetic field.
so what you saying is that if you have a wire with a light bulb in the middle next to this circuit that is 300000 km long on each side it lights up for 1 second while its not connected to anything?
thank you, yes this was need it
Need another video explaining effect of temperature on behaviour of conductor using same concept.
But, can you actually measure anything by using an open circuit?  I reckon you can, but I'd love to see it
So if there was another light bulb out there in space it would light up later than the one on Earth?
I appreciate that you made this follow up video to answer all the attention with an even clearer and more deeply detailed explanation of what is actually happening in/around the circuit. I think that had you included the transmission line mechanics from the get go, there would have been less confusion and doubt. But again, I'm happy to see someone humbly evaluate their criticism and follow up with as much detail and theory as you presented here. I see far too many other videos with "did you know?" or "check out this magical phenomena" or "everything you thought you knew about X is wrong" type subjects that completely fail to explain the underlying science and stubbornly refuse to address shortcomings or provide further explanation when questioned. With your channel, I can say that we both truly learn and improve with every new video. Thank you.
Kudo´s to the animator, that visually explained the battery symbol in the graph. That is understandable without any background knowledge..
hmmmm now It is better! I learned that I have to be more precise in my work  love you man! thanks
I love you
Watched many of these videos and I still don't really understand it, but it was fun to watch.
Thank you for showing other YouTubers!
The strange thing is: I do have some knolege (not an expert), but when I saw the first video I understood your point. I was mind blow by this, because it was very different from what I have been tought in school. 🤯
0:38 "clearly, I did not do a good job of explaining...." More people should reach that conclusion when met with push back. When explaining things or merely stating things that go against the grain.. Well done. Even very smart (or maybe especially very smart) people will need time to wrap their heads around truly new concepts even when they "should" be obvious when pointed out.
Incredible video. I think it is time to discuss the difference between life at the abstract scale (macro perception if you will) and at smallest scales.   As someone mentioned, coders do not need to understand assembly or type in binary. Psychology and even neurobiology can not fathom emergent properties of brain connectome. Thinking about the world from QFT standpoint makes the most nuanced activity (eg think sitting) an incredible mental gymnastics to try to think of virtual particles, sum of Feynman diagrams and electrical field that makes us not sink on the sofa. And do not get me started on cones or touch receptors!  We experience a demo version of the real world! Most of us will live and die never knowing about the real thing!
Wow! Interpreting those simplified electric laws as an approximation like Newtonian gravity seems trivial now!  I mean, it makes inductive power transfers, transformers and even radio power transfers (like in those simplified radio receivers that need no batteries whatsoever) so much easier to understand!  It's hard to put into words how much your work in communicating this far better interpretation of electricity truly is! but if I had to choose one word, I'd have to choose revolutionary.  I have no doubt that the change in perspective due to your work in making this idea available to millions of people will change the world.  it might even represent a need for a new Moore's law as computacional architectures change to better exploit the true(r) physics behind it!  it even makes it possible to let go completely of the interpretation of electrons as particles, since that is only an empirical fact that stems from our measurements, models and systems, not an objective one.   One thing we never think about, is how the world ISN'T how we see/measure it.  The true nature of reality isn't even Quantum, it's deeper than that, it's about energy, information and entropy "mechanics".  The universe is all about energy/information/entropy flow! Every other interpretation is just that, an interpretation. One that fits our human, subjectively constructed abstractions we call models/systems extremely well, but blinds us to the true nature of reality.  It reminds me of how the Quantum theory is one of not many interpretations, but misinterpretations caused by the baseless assumption/intuition that our models are a direct verbatim description of reality itself instead of just an abstraction constructed to explain  what we can measure from it, meaning therefore that it is but a limited description of reality at one specific scale of complexity, filled with not all information about reality, but only the information we can extract from it with our measurements and observations.  Thank you so much for your huge contribution to science, if not by coming up with this idea, by sharing it and making it widely available to millions, if not eventually billions of people.  You have just started a new revolution in science, it might take years for it to come, but it will undoubtedly come, and it'll be because of your work.  I just cannot thank you enough for it, me and everyone in the future that'll have you to thank for allowing us access to this interpretation.  It's so revigorating to see that there are still rebels that refuse to just shut up and calculate doing science as a tool to get somewhere, and instead uses science in the way it was meant to be done since it was called Natural Philosophy: To understand the nature of reality.
i only know electricity as zip zap make thing work so i can learn now
As you said the bulb will light on even if the wire is broken, but in the daily life condition we see the bulb will never light up if the wire is broken. Not even for a single flash.
It is unfortunate. Rather than admitting the conceptual mistake in the first video, the apology is for the explanation and the understanding. In this video, there is a total change of claim. Most of what is being explained as misconception is very clear to those who indicate the mistake in the first video. The first video was rejected by scholars. What is being simulated and the experiment tested are rather fundamentals for people specialized in Electromagnetics.   I learned a lot from Veritasium and their videos are great with exception to that first related video. Please avoid "I apologize for your misunderstanding" and has the courage to say "I was wrong"...
Bravo.  This really exemplifies how we can be limited by our terminology.   The field and the wave behavior of the electron certainly help visualize the transfer of electrical energy.   We have moved to finer tools that respond to and do more with smaller amounts of energy.  Now how do we capture more from these bouncing waves, or create them in a better way than today's batteries ?
Well done! Your explanation will propel a lot of people many years ahead in their fundamental and correct understanding of the laws governing our universe. Ultimately this might shorten the time to new discoveries by a huge factor. I also made a snarky comment on your last video iirc and I apologise in such case. Most of all I am happy to see the fantastic level of good debate that this topic caused. Keep doing what you do!
Yep-- I am smart BUT - not that smart. -- Learned a lot.
13:24- "The bulb goes on regardless if the circuit is complete or not". 🙄 Not in this universe!
DON'T confuse me with facts. My mind is made up!
How many engineers does it take to light a lightbulb?
Thank you for this video. This will help so many young minds understand electrical issues and greatly improve their understanding of the world. Video’s like this help push our collective communities gainfully forwards. Truly in essence for what the Internet was built for.
I would like to see electricity transmission without moving some electrons.(or other charged thing)
wrong
You may have missed up somethings in your original video but you created that spark, and that spark has led to many of us understanding so much about something we thought we knew. And that spark was absolutely priceless, no one has anything on you man...and thank you!
As an electrical engineer I approve this video
OK so if you add capacitors it works lol...
milliwatts DO NOT power a house. Power is not delivered to a house via Transmission Theory to power the appliances... a closed circuit delivers the power. The electrons have to arrive for significant current and power. Stop preaching this BS that moving electrons are bystanders. They are not.
I was losing respect for this channel so im happy to see him use footage of his contemporaries criticism.
I get the surface charge/electric field within the wire thing.  I'm trying to understand the big circuit, which appears to rely on naked wires... what if the wires were insulated so that the electric field on the outside couldn't induce and electric field to the opposite side (or perhaps an office building is in the way, or its buried under ground, etc.), where the switch and light are x distance apart, would we still see x/c time to light the bulb? I'm sorry, this is over my head...
But this you had already explained in the electromagnetic field video.
But we'll done
wow  I amaze how simply and brilliantly you explain deep thoughts about circuits that nobody talk . Thanks for your efforts I'm also electrical engineer in first year you explain us amazing 😊
Bro what about the velocity of atoms connected to the device
if only people admitted their mistakes more often, understanding of scientific concepts would be very clear and easy.  Massive respect to Derek for not only admitting his mistake but also providing rationales and explanations by others :)
I think this video is still misleading. First you claim that the surface fields create the energy flow inside the resistor, but the surface fields are a secondary effect of the field the battery is creating, thus the battery is ultimately the source of any field excitation in your thought experiment. The strongest electric field is still inside and along the wire due to the much higher conductivity (kappa or sigma) of said wire. It is like thinking of newton's cradle and claiming "It is not my hand that transferred energy to the last ball, it was the second last ball" - yes you are correct, but you are talking about a chain reaction that started with the battery, thus the battery is the source of field excitation.   Your other flaw is thinking that fields and charges are any different. Take a look at Maxwell's equation and you will see that they are the same! Charges are fields and fields are charges.  The combined charges inside an arbitrary surface volume are the electric field (lines) pointing outside this surface.  This is why the lumped model works in the first place. In terms of high frequency, the (equivalent) lumped models just become increasingly complex and thus it is easier to think in terms of fields, but both points of view are essentially the same.
Beautiful and mesmerising explanations. This finally explained something that I found really confusing when i was taught about this at school, but couldn’t express.
I am extremely proud of the fact I saw your original video and every response you had a clip of. Derrick, I knew you would follow up on this after all the big responses in the science/ee youtube community. Very well done and I love this type of content that gets the whole community talking/thinking.
Reminds me of that meme... "You are technically correct ... the best kind of correct."
It feels like real science to see people making claims who actually respond to their critics in constructive ways.
This guy is wrong about a ton of stuff. He's just being called out with this one. He's not good at this education thing. Please don't watch him
10/10
Despite technically agreeing I feel mocked: If I were to use shielded wiring the title of the video wouldn’t change, but the result would. I mean, what is your point? Feeling smug because people make assumptions that are suggested, but not gratified? Very nice graphics, though. An Kudos for all your efforts taken! I personally found that besides the E and B fields (electric/magnetic) the D and H fields (resp. Polarisation) were helpful.
Too bad politics is not science. Yes yes political science is the study of politics. But I mean can you imagine if world leaders based their decisions on what is scientifically proven to be the best course of action. Rather than what those in power want.
Repeat your experiment with a 100m  length of wire and a 250m length of wire and explain the full CRO trace to people. Then you could do 100m with the ends cut off to show the RF effects only and possible even explain how your dipole antenna works
Long story short: this is magic.
I gotta be honest, some of the response videos (Like EEVBlog) did a better job of giving me an idea of what practically happens in this scenario. They correctly explained that the load being on or off is a variable and not a binary as proposed in the original question. I feel like this video side steps the critics by changing the original proposal to a highly efficient LED light, like those found in wireless LEDs. That being said, the additional explanation around how exactly the field works and seeing the visual models was pretty cool.
A light bulb usually not LED and even if you use LED, the household LED bulbs barely light up with milliwatts of power !
I wonder if this was the same concept that Nikola Tesla had for wireless electricity. Just constant pulses of electric fields from a tower that would power things like lights and other low draw appliances…
I love the animations. They transmit the ideas much better than words alone.
太屌了，攜帶能量的是電場不是電線的電子
Thanks Derek for explaining such a phenomenon and the science behind it once again, amid the criticisms from all other enthusiasts.
If all the energy is in the RF field why do we need different gauges of wire?
Simulations in your video are very beautiful.
Enlightenment 😄💡
Ape ke endah!!!dulu teman belajo lain,skrg dah lain pulok!..tapi lantok nye le kite tau kite 'on' ade api,itu aje!!!!
Experiment 1 - How long does it take for the light bulb to turn on? Why don't you explain it rather than giving half truths. Stop orchestrating your experiment to pass of RF effects as the only truth. You lie on this then how do we trust you with anything else. If BRILLIANT support half truths then why should I trust them?
I love fields now❤❤❤
If electrons don't flow how do you explain the differences between a Shottky Diode and a PN Diode in an AC circuit?
What if the system was square of 1 light year length  Would it take 1 year to light up the bulb??🤔🤔🤔
If electrons don't flow how does the chemical reaction in the battery work?
if you make the wires a flat sheets you can increase the capacitive coupling even more and then pass off that minor effect as the whole truth. Your the scientist who makes an experiment to support his belief rather than to uncover the truth. And here you are in teaching capacity passing off lies. Why cant you show the whole CRO trace and explain how and why different effect happen rather and only choosing the bits you want.
Are you just trying to split hairs?  I am happy as long as the light comes on no MATTER how long it takes it!!!
why do you say delve? I still think dive is the proper word to use. this is why I didn't dive into this topic. it sounds proper. this is why I didn't delve into the topic, doesn't sound right to me. I don't remember anyone using the word delve before this year.
Suggest going into Tesla's work and how he knew all about how this works.
You made a capacitor with shorted ends. Make it wider and the currect drops
You've made Tesla's spirit proud. Good job.
So, how do these electric fields impact on humans?
Ain't no way this video uses my college physics professors textbook
I wonder how we can use this to get free energy
Unrelated but why are the majority of electronics I buy in the US are not grounded. I didn’t know you could buy stuff like that until visiting the US.  You screwed up on your math again or your bulb is primitive. Distance and load have more variables than you included. If you used the formulas you stated the bulb would be incredibly unreliable, if you could get it to turn on / not explode. Material engineering is extremely important please show more information, and your range or tolerances. If you say something is negligible, please tell me your criteria or tolerance for that definition.   You don’t need to say all of your math, please try to display formulas on screen for those interested. I have used some of your videos as an aid for confused students. I feel I am insulting your work or competence when I’m required to make notations or need to warn against your work on a subject being incomplete to a student.  I want to personally thank you! You have shown me alternative avenues of thought to a coherent conclusion that has allowed me to become a better teacher. Greatly appreciate your work!
Thank you for coming back to this to teach about the concepts. Despite all the drama, I *finally* feel like I know what's really going on with electrons, power sources, and circuits, with a lot less hand-waving, yet still being able to follow. (Admittedly with some difficulty and determination, and a college 101-level prior knowledge. But I think you made it as easy as possible.)  And given the "dispute" about these models of electricity,  appreciate that you included a robust amount of caveats and clarifications to deal with potential "um, actually" rebuttals.  I think the "um, actually" reviews  to your *previous* video used unnecessarily emotionally-hyped-up communication, and framed it as almost a more personal than technical dispute. And this is multiple big videos in a row people have done that to your channel on. But by the end of the back and forth and the debates and the rebuttals, I feel like you not only have really good information, but really good case-in-point demonstrations. And you end up providing multiple models and visualizations to help people along and isolate the bits of information so people can understand them incrementally. And you generally have an impressive and apparently conclusive, case-in-point, physical or real-world demonstration somewhere in the series.  So, I know this all most be tremendously hard work, *and* it must take a lot of patience and either thick skin or determination to take it not as personal, but strictly as viewer feedback on how to improve your educational content. Bravo, and thanks for sticking to it, because I learn a lot, and I think people see the process of scientific "debate"/discourse at work between the initial video and the rebuttals and the follow-up videos.  In short: You/your team are doing a lot of work, a lot of good output, and are sticking with it through thick and thin. And I for one am so glad, and I've learned a lot from these series at the far fringes of what's intuitive about the science of the world we live in. I just hope you take breaths and whatever you need to keep your health through it all. I hope you find it as rewarding as everyone else does, and if not, thanks for the contribution to public knowledge and my condolences to the difficulties and personal stress of it. You have my thanks, anyway.
Insert Tesla fan bois in 3...2...1...
I wasn’t convinced by the last one but I know far fewer of the words in this one so you win!
Electric Boom! Burn...😄
It's a trick question.
OK, ya got the Maxwellian viewpoint.  Now do Tesla and Steinmets electrical perspective, then yool have a hornets nest on your hands.  😀
Well, science of cold war of YouTube begins!!!😂
Oh no no no no.. Everyone has it wrong! There is not a single electronic device in existence that ever turns off. There is no off button.. A battery is like gas and the circuit is the engine the light bulb glows because resistance creates heat and heat radiates but electrons aren't flowing They are equalizing ever wonder why batteries have a nipple on the positive and a flat on the negative? It's charges leap from pointy surfaces so a full battery is just a polarized charges stored on a combination of alloys and solutions. It's thermodynamics..
I just attended PCB East 2022 in Marlborough, MA where Rick Hartley gave a number of talks. I thought about your (1st) video and  wondered what Rick would say about it. Then I saw this 2nd video and the cameo of Rick giving his talk about energy. Guess I have my answer! Awesome to see the thought provoking videos the first video spawned and the discussions and experiments as well.  "Simple" circuit layout today is more involved than ever; field appreciation helps to avoid issues that are very difficult to troubleshoot in the field.
k not going to waste my time watching your video but if you knew an ounce of calculus your feynman source literally starts the derivation with the change in charge density over time which means that the charge density has to change over time for the spatial divergence of your current density to be zero. if no charges move the derivative of charge density with respect to time is zero therefore there is no current. literally just define the electric field. and i'm 100% not going to watch this moved goalpost video because i assume that's all it is in your hyper realistic scaled down dc circuit which also conveniently uses the speed of electricity which is close to the speed of light but not quite in some materials
So...  What exactly IS voltage and current?  And, the fields are what matter. The mediating particle for EM fields is photons. How does that play a role in this?
I thought the photons, namely virtual photons, mediated these interactions at the quantum level. How does that interact with your statements?
Imagine being so big in the scientific community that every second video is about how people either are trying to disprove or prove you right.
The circuit video was so powerful it made ElectroBOOM go serious
Thanks mate,  Tho I understood what you were doing in your first video and agreed with it.  It's good to see this video clarify the process to those that didnt understand what you were driving at.   It seems so, so many have forgotten or were never taught about fields carrying the energy
Such a great video
I request you please added hindi(india) language caption on your video
How does surface charges are distributed  according to the  resistor and battery ? A   insightful mechanism is needed.
Get some rest
I know very little about physics compared to someone that studies it. I have a higher in physics from high school (ap for americans) years ago and that's as deep as I went. This isn't overly complex and I'm very confused as to why physics professionals haven't grasped this
Ya'll explain stuff like we have a PhD in electricity. Learn to teach like we don't understand all of your terminology and try again. The video will be 3 hours long but I'll watch it.
5:04 Why is the negetive charge bouncing off of the positive charge? Shouldn't it recombine? Positive and negative charges attract eachother!?
So how would it be if you connected two wires that never had an electrical charge ran through them that were both attached at the same time at the electrical source. Two twitches both sides
Class 10 cbse students: are Bhai Maro mujhe Maro!!!!
I am never disappointed when you upload!
Derek thanks for making this extra video. In the experiment you undertook was the circuit connected? Would you have got the same result if it wasnt? The explanation suggests that in that initial period the circuit being connected is unimportant
Oh man, I love physics!
💯👍
There you go.  :)  However, consider this:  While water may only move through a hose at, say, 10 ft/s (fps), the pressure wave moves through the hose at the speed of sound at 4,855.6 fps.  This is analogous to, but certainly not exactly like the electric field propagating through the wires.
This I believe is why instrumentation wiring has to separated to get accurate measurement without distortion from electrical flux from power wiring.
I find this so interesting because I worked on cars for many years. We use ohms law to test for parasitic draws on the battery due to alarm systems and radios. The older model was easy to understand when working with current and voltage. It always fell apart when looking at how the alternator created power to recharge the battery using a magnetic field. It was helpful to see all of these models to understand how the magnetic field was creating the power to recharge the battery.
Man, now everything is a lot clearer. Thanks for the explanation, I'll never look at electricity the way I did before this video
Thank you! There is even more related with this topic for at least me to understand. I appreciate your work and I hope you keep at it.    I even wonder about the wording of "the Current moves",  similar with the word flow or flows. Wonder if we should somewhat do away with the word current at least as usually understood, maybe clearer to say "A Field Is Established"?    And in a couple places you said the electrons are "pushed" I think, which does connect back to electrons moving which I do agree they probably don't.        Anyways interesting topic and I look forward to more.     I want to get a direct understanding of how electricity works in terms of daily human usage, "generation of electricity, transmission, moving motors and lights" things like that In direct and simple terms.      Our cursory understanding that allows us to make all these machines is very useful and I think there's a lot of interesting depth here, maybe some of what Tesla was exploring/understanding.      Humans build up these gradients and the electrons/..  try to return to 'zero'...
The fact that I understood all this is a great testament to my physics teacher.
Appreciate this followup video! It still leaves me with questions but honestly that's what I love about your content anyway
What a great video. The fact that we know this now, opens a lot of possibilities in the thinking that goes into engineer's mind. Thanks for the video😊
Your video's (Both) had me shouting at the monitor. Fun times. Thanks for the visuals on the electric field dragging/pushing if you prefer the electrons instantly , creating more electric field, rinse and repeat, thru the conductor. hard to grok. But really 4 ma, a rather impressive 4ma induced over a meter distance but not what was implied for lighting a bulb.  What type of conductor is that by the way? looks like copper pipe. interesting choice.
I work in construction and on a particularly windy day while working on a steel framed building on the side of a rural road running parallel to some massive power lines the charge of the power lines jumped to the steel of the framing. Yes people were hurt.   I always thought it was the wind that caused the steel framing to become charged. Perhaps it’s this phenomenon.   The building has since been grounded.
Man you are great ..love from india and I will love follow you than anybody else
I find people always forget three things. 1) Modern cordless induction charging, which is related to 2) Tesla's mechanism to send power out through the air, and 3) the solar flare of the late 1800s called the Carrington Event, which caused all electric devices to power up (overpowering most).
I love the fact this is in like a public debate of great minded individuals.
Derek, I would love to see you investigate and explain how arc welding works; how electrons move and how it transfers molten metal, etc.
The comments show how Great science is to keep learning
What if a small load LED was attached to the unconnected wire below the complete circuit above, does the LED below will light up?
Excellent video
So if you touch the wires together.....you are trying to tell me in a sense.....there would be no reaction?
Derek, way to stick to your electron guns!
Nikola Tesla Would be proud.
I did my engineering in electronics and did a couple of subjects on electrical engineering, but missed this very important point.
yeah great job representing your failure as other people just not 'understanding'
This whole controversy reminds me of an old proverb about how the fastest way to get a right answer to a question on the internet isn't to ask the question, but rather to post the wrong answer.
16:54 think I actually understood something here
3:22 why should a vibrating latus produce heat
I love the work you and others did on this.
Is using a copper pipe cheating? It significantly increases the capacitance of the circuit. My guess is that he gets at least 4x the signal at the resistor as a result.
Science in action, thank you!
I've long suspected that your strategy was to say something mildly scandalous or condescending at least once in all your videos in order to elicit a response. You're a troll; just a very handsome, smug, and well paid troll.
Just a quick question. Would a permanent magnet work the same way a battery does? The Reason I ask this is that shouldn't an em field work the same way a permanent magnet does? I mean,  why would the battery be different from the magnet if the field is what powers the bulb? And I don't see why the field is powering the bulb if the magnet does nothing.
So Nikola Tesla was onto something;  The earth's magnetic/electric field can be used to power the whole planet.  Free and unlimited electricity. I'm not an Electrical Engineering, but all you in the electricity professional field should gather together and ask for those Tesla documents to be released by the government.
I like turtles
Mom!..I just witnessed the first scientific debate on Internet.
The worlds most convoluted explanation of a toothbrush charger. Super entertaining.
Is this the reason why leds bulbs glow even when the switch is turned 📴
Veritasium pumping his channel by acting confident while being wrong and provoking a reaction
Waytoodank
In my opinion - if you used 3 bulbs - at the left, at the right, and at the center - it would be more interesting, if you represent - the center bulb light firstly, than the left and the right by this field.
Champagne emoji
All of this confusion stems from the fact that basic science assumes matter as being fundamentally a particle first instead of a wave. The notion that an electron is a solid particle or even has a defined shape is why this subject is confusing. There is no discrete electron "particle" nor are there atomic "particles". They are quantas of energy that behave like particles when they interact. Once science stops thinking in terms of particle matter and instead, look at physics in terms of an infinite void of energy patterns, I think you'll find many things makes more sense because nothing is discrete, nor isolated.
This is my favorite Veritasium episode ever.
Momma says that electricity works because she makes it work, and you are the devil!
So how did testla  light the bulb  when grounded
Next thing you'll be telling me my 5th grade biology textbook is not the final word on biology
I love how scientists have their own "diss video" but only with facts.
I really like how you bring up other videos and animations on YouTube. After many years, the same topic can be repeated over and over again and it can be hard to decipher which points they agree and disagree on, and who is more correct. It makes this video feel like a supremum to all that came before, rather than just another similar video on top of a pile of others.  It's kinda crazy to think that this problem was already understood more than a century ago by Maxwell, but essentially everyone still learns about circuits the old way. The fact that it's the fields that carry the energy just emphasises how important Maxwell's equations are, and highlights how the education system chooses to teach the easy, incomplete way instead of the hard but concrete way. "You will observe with concern how long a useful truth may be known, and exist, before it is generally received and practiced on."  If I may recommend a next video topic, it would be the twin paradox, there are hundreds of videos on YouTube that explain the problem, but none are very convincing. Acceleration is not a factor to the paradox, so it's hard to understand why one twin would age slower than the other, considering they both see each other do identical things, relativistically speaking. So where does the symmetry break?
this is the nerdiest youtube feud and i love every second
Very interesting, this is awesomd
So why do we have to insulate wiring?
OK.  Clearly I'm missing something.  If the energy is carried in the fields, not the wires, then why do we need to use heavier gauge wire (in house wiring) to carry higher current, for higher loads?  You say that Ohm's Law is a simplification and aggregation of Maxwell's Equations, but where is that "current" traveling?  If it's not in the wire, but rather in the field, then again, why do we need heavier gauge wire...?  Does this apply ONLY to superconducting wires?  No such disclaimer is stated, so my question stands.  We could save gobs of money on copper wire if we could use 28 gauge wire everywhere.  We can't, however.  Tell me what I'm missing, please...
Interesting
This was an awesome video!
Why don't we see this kind of 'phantom' current all the time?  If the small current can affect wires not even connected to the circuit, it seems devices would be receiving power like this all the time. Especially in  dense areas such as an apartment or office building.
yt beef: he copied my videos no u did it first also yt beef but mathematicians: here's my theory lol ure wrong I prove it irl cool dude
6:20, so the electric field is, kind of, coiled around the wire itself? Would this explain why interference is experienced on poorly insulated wires, causing corruption of data? (After all, data is just electrical pulses through the wire).
I loved seeing all these people coming together into a nice conversation about this.
The experiment is interesting but your explanation is not convincing, not really. Much hand waving and lots of confusion.
This is fabulous. Thanks. I thought that the energy traveling through the air was magnetic energy that created a current while passing through a wire, now I see better how Nicola Tesla wanted to broadcast electricity wirelessly. Thanks a bunch.
Wouldn't an adjacent (second) bulb also register the same spike before original bulb reaching full load assuming it was an equal distance from the power source but was completely disconnected from it? I know in the simulation there was a wire radiating and I feel like I already know the answer but it would be cool to get a definitive result. Does this mean that objects nearby a power source when a circuit is closed are stealing from it? I like the follow up. Sounds like the shear action of closing or completing a circuit that consumes a load greater than leakage shoots out fields that can be recaptured by other disconnected objects.
I don't believe the field spreads at the speed of light. I'm pretty sure it depends on the electrical permittivity of the substrate
Well, that the energy is transferred via field, not via "voltage or current", is in a university program "basics of electrical engineering". But the demonstrated way in this video how one can apply this knowledge is very interesting and educational.
Man veritasium really be filling in the gaps of people’s college physics educations
Hi @derek while was seeing this video And the electric fields were mentioned I remembered the sound or that buzz we feel when passing close to high voltage lines, Is that buzz caused by the fields interaction with each other (from other wires) or is another thing?? Could you please explain that?
Changed the thumbnail already?!! Used to say “I did the experiment”
Wait, I believe you, I have always understood circuits this way; however, it has always led me to an erroneous conclusion. Thinking of the electric field as an accelerating field and the collisions happening/momentum transfers happening every x meters (leading to a drag equation), I get something that says the drift velocity is proportional to the square root of voltage, which then leads the the erroneous conclusion that current is proportional to the square root of voltage. What am I doing wrong here? If someone wants to talk about it, they can respond, and I will respond to them.
The really interesting part of the plot at 19:12 is actually the short time between when green line started to rise and when yellow line started to rise. Can you measure that time duration? looks like about 5ns. That is the time it took for the magnetic field to travel from the source to the resistor and "start" to induce current. Also interesting to note that after 25ns you reached the first plateau. This suggests that only about 10m of wire contribute to the inductive power transfer.
Veritasium is too amazing. Too based. The professor we all need.
Would be interesting to talk about Tesla's experiments trying to harness electricity from the atmosphere
Sick, I love these educational videos
as an electrician, this makes all the sense in the world. the way current flows on the surface of wires, the reason we have to make sure there's enough space between conductors, the reason we need to feed the neutral through the same conduit as the hots.
so if a led would be placed on the bottom wire that is not included on the completed circuit it would produce light for a time?
This is rather fascinating since it demonstrates how systems can be explained differently as they become more macroscopic. In other words, you need to zoom out to be able to see the wire as a pipe carrying electrons because that is a logical equivalent, even if what is going down at the quantum/microscopic level is vastly different and more complex. One of my professors said that "Quantum Mechanics has to be able to explain the macroscopic world", yet at the same time we can condense, simplify, and use logical equivalence to explain our everyday phenomena in a much more mundane matter. You don't NEED to know that the normal force is the result of virtual photons bombarding things until they stop moving and don't touch, it can be condensed into 'touching emits force' which is a gross condensation and oversimplification of what is happening on the quantum scale, but works because it is the same end result. In this video, we're told that the water/pipe analogy of electrons is basically a macroscopic oversimplification analogy but is logically equivalent enough to work despite the micro/quantum explanation being vastly more complex and difficult.   To oversimplify, essentially the energy transfer on the small scale is not what it looks like on the big scale we know and love, but the large scale doesn't need to be examined at every small point to work or make sense.
Welcome to the modern peer review
Why does everyone have trouble here? This is how transformers work......and those tooth brushes that dont plug in (and your phone), it's called Magnetic Induction.
I don't understand how the light bulb will light even if the circuit is broken.
Derek should've said "Are you not entertained!?" at the end 😂❤️  keep up the good work brother.
Wasn't this just always known??? Like you've never thought about why birds sit on power lines?
Yep, you've convinced me of everything except the part at 22:15 - that bit really crosses the boundary of scientific credibility. "Oh no, what a terrible mistake I have made - a bunch of popular science YouTubers have made reaction videos and it has driven huge engagement with my channel - whatever shall I do?" 😉
The best way to answer a question is to post the wrong answer on the internet and wait for the replies to roll in! Your original video got lots of minds thinking!
How does this impact "grounded" or shielded cables and audiophile, or more importantly IT, gear that claims to cut out interference? (guessing grounding simply applies alternative fields, or bigger "capacitors" like in example to counteract initial source voltage etc. but would love to see interactions of this on more complex system... )
Part 3!!!
I find it weird that people get so loud and angry sounding responding to Veritasium videos - it is one  thing to think that the video is wrong or misleading, but when people get really angry sounding they just sound kind of moronic when things are explained more. I think people should look to how calmly Veritasium responds to these responses as an example on how to respond in a way that is constructive and doesn't make people not want to listen to them.
Could You use shieldet cable, instead of Cooper wire?
meh, I'm a digital circuit designer, I only know 1 and 0, none of this EM headaches
*_Awesome._** This is what science is all about!*
Lmfaooo even eevblog called his ass out
so in order to preserve battery life it should be completely disconnected from the circuit even when it's not a closed circuit/switched off ?
He's absolutely right! They just aren't thinking fourth dimensionally.
jesus totally mind blowing
Excellent explanation of how electrical circuits work and how electricity flows through them.  The way electricity flows through a circuit is usually taught is the "electron pushing electron through the wire" method simply because this is an easy way to explain this, although this method leads to great misunderstanding to the true reality, however, it also leads to wide acceptance of the error of the explanation even at the instructor/college professor level. This same kind of mistake (and accompanied acceptance) is seen with the application of Bernoulli's principle to an airplane wing and lift production (the reason for the pressure differential between the top and bottom of the wing).  I would very much like to see you do a video on the topic of how lift is produced by an airplane wing.  This will be a very challenging concept to sort out.  Even the FAA teaches this incorrectly in their publications (as well as some college professors).  I look forward to this video in the future.  Thanks
TLDR: Electrical theory is to Electromagnetic Physics as Newton is to Spacetime: it isn't exactly correct, but it is easier and it works (except in those rare cases where it doesn't.)
Wana do real science, start from the first principles. In this case it’s the Maxwells equations, not ohm’s law.
What I find weird in this video and the previous is the complete absence of a word that I think for many would make the videos less controversial sounding. Namely "antenna". If we clip off the far ends of the circuit, what's being described is a simple, but quite inefficient, power antenna pair. This immediately suggests that power will start transmitting as soon as signal can reach from the sending antenna to the receiving antenna, but it will be significantly less (but not insignificant) than the original (closed) circuit will reach in equilibrium. Of course, this is exactly what is seen.  I think both videos are good descriptions of what is actually going on, and this one improves on some ambiguities in the first. Nevertheless, I find the complete lack of a reference to antennas or even the word "antenna" almost intentional for reasons I don't understand. This video gets very close to it when it talks about wireless charging. To be clear, this video is a deeper discussion than just talking about antennas would be, and explains how antennas work. I just think a large amount of the confused responses could have been short-circuited by directly connecting what's happening to established wireless transmission theory, even if by simply pointing out that the two lengths of wire are effectively antennas.
Funny how you tried to save your face with this video. Also funny that at 14:35  you used the explanation I put into the comments of your wrong video. It would have been fairer to just say "Look, I was wrong in my previous video, the light bulb does not fully turn on in 1[m]/c, and for a better explanation pls look at AlphaPhoenix's (or ...'s) video".
It is like a wall... No it is like a pillar .. No it is like a whip... Someone with sight : you blind people, it is an elephant..
Bravo! Kudos to you!
I dont get it.. I'd say either good for you or i am sorry man
Anyone know why he changed his thumbnail?
Regardless of the outcome and who is right or wrong, Its good to see this kind of fights. There will always be something new to learn . Such situations reminds people to verify the claims of the researchers and learn from it.  Veritasium vs other EE enthusiasts is far better than marvel vs dc.
If the light bulb can light up dimly in 1/C seconds due to the fields. Why does it get brighter when the traditional current eventually catches up in that loop?
I'm too drunk for this video and yet still watching 🤷🏼
I'm not a scientist, much less an electrical engineer, but I've successfully rewired a Victorian house. I never really understood how electricity works until -    no, I still don't!
For the Science sake! This is wonderful!
Much better explanation. Now explain how the electric and magnetic fields propagate through the quantum field.
You should do a video on batteries next. Like why haven't we made it to a full battery society
Wow. This is awesome. Now I get the complete picture. Please extend this explanation to explain working of antennas as well . That would be awesome.
If there was a faraday cage between the wires, would the light ever turn on?
I don't care about Electricity, but I just want to comment that it is nice to see that it is not a problem to "fail" or "make mistakes".- It is ok. Learn and make a second video and  evervything is fine. We all make mistakes in school. We write a word wrong, or learning to ride a bike. We will FAIL. Failing is ok. Just stand up, try harder, fail again, learn more, try again and on :)
Bravo!!!!
Does this mean it's possible to get electrocuted just by being in the vicinity of a stupidly-high voltage circuit, without ever touching the circuit in any way?
I guess you need to understand space to get this.  1) Space isn't empty, it's fields. Those fields communicate at "c".  2) Stuff is made of charges. Matter reacts to fields; fields react to matter.   So yes of course you will see those effects. And they will be transient if not sustained by loops (wire or cyclical pulses).   The confusion for people was that loosely expressed distance of "1". "1 meter" would have been better, since "c" is a constant, and astrophysicists just call it "1" anyways.   Electrons do flow in wires, however. And any flowing charge sets up its own magnetic field, which controls the flow of that initial charge ("Fine Structure Constant"). Electron momentum self-interacts, so it isn't strictly correct to say the electricity flows outside the wire (Nor in the dielectric). It's a density gradient. It flows everywhere.   "Electricity doesn't flow JUST in the wires" would have been an alternative title.
Since you appear fond of being picky <grin> ... The poynting vector maths says that in EM waves the electric field and the magnetic are in phase. My question is can you prove it!   If you use say a hall effect to measure MAGNETIC field and a oscillator feeding a wire you can see the electric and magnetic are out of phase. (Or repeat history with a battery, wire and switch over a compass)  We now have magneto resistive and AMR stuff - basically anything in a modern hard drive, these have a high frequency and sensitivity response. Can you use something like that to show they E and B are indeed in phase.  Yes I know I am setting you up with near field and far field stuff. But while poynting vector maths is ok and so far it works, I would contend it is not that well proven experimentally. See also the steady state aka DC current problem - energy flows into the wire at right angles - what the ? See also circular polarization left and right versions exists. Can be decomposed into two orthogonal linear but what happened to the right hand rule...
So electricity isn't all that different from light? These forces (along with others) are basically inherited properties of the same parent class. I'm embarrassed that in spite of being the son, nephew, grandson of engineers, and having the basic theories explained to me a thousand times, electricity never quite made sense to me because it was hard to visualize.
Lol why have I watched this?
This is why I have trust issues. My head hurts.
I have struggled to understand the intrinsic relationship between electricity and magnetism, because I  never could visualize how electrons flowing in certain directions in a wire would generate these magnetic fields. Seeing electromagnetism being described this way really clarifies things for me.
This circuit is exactly a dipole antenna. The full power will never be transmitted to the lamp untill it goes along the wire. Some power will also be transmitted into space in all directions. Derek you are really confusing radio (pothon) transmission with high energy transmission.
Electrons are carried by an external electric charge? I always likened electron energy distribution not as electrons literally flowing through the wire, but rather the electrons pushing energy from one to the next until it delivers the energy to the lightbulb. To give a real life visual example:  Imagine a mosh pit of people compressed closely together.  One extra kid slams in to the crowd from the left.  If you were looking at the crowd from above, you'd see all the people on the left be pushed forward, then back, as the initial push "travels" through the crowd like a wave traveling over water. But according to this, electrons DON'T travel through the wire, but are guided...causing them to travel through the wire... I must not be big brained enough to understand.  Glad I didn't get in to Electrical Engineering.
19:00 yes maybe work for al led because consume a little of current, and you cam light it without close extreme ok wire. because its work like antenna. but in incandencet lamp not work because need a lot of current to work
7:29 young William Lane Criag?
Tesla’s wireless transmission of electricity?
2.2 million views after 1 day. Damn...
And that is what science is. Dude it's why I'm following. Stay humble and keep teaching.
I appreciate your channel so much
It's almost like as if free speech is a good thing.
I'm still confused.  Yes, small amount of energy travels directly to the light.  However, even in your own simulations you see the workable field travels along the wire.  If energy traveled directly always, then why care about lengths of traces in a circuit?  I agree the field does the work, but the workable field follows the circuit.   Another thought experiment.  What would happen when two circuits of the same design but flipped were turned on at the same time?  Wouldn't the apposing fields cancel out? But we also know that the lights would still work.  Also I've heard of some stock exchanges, and electric component companies using large spools of wire to intentionally introduce lag in a system.  Your statement would seem to say this doesn't work, but it obviously does. So?
Well how am I supposed to teach my grade 9s to electricity now? the truth is quite a bit more confusing than ohm's law! haha
You're all that and a super-size bag of chips.
I suggest that if you force and electron in one end of a wire one must be expelled from the other end instantly. after the movement the magnetic field is produced.
Superb graphics and a great discussion
electricBOOM in your face Veritasium or is it Veritasium in your face electricBOOM!? Ehh, it doesn't  matter cause they are both charged up within the same field.......get it!!!
So use shielded wire...?  No Flux in a hollow conductor.  Then what?
wow so good, some people just want to fight, but I suspect its a fight for subscribers since they have more jelly and PB :)  As a BSME, I also struggled with this in school, wish i had this video then
Now I am thinking how the heck a CPU work
Adding the wire fragment under the circuit in the simulation almost explained everything to me--but you dropped that bit before we really got to see exactly _why_ a light on that fragment would only light up for (I guess) a split second while the light on the circuit stays lit for a long time. Can you elaborate?
What would happen if we try to use an insulator or faraday cage to prevent Electric fields from propagating outside the wire? Would the bulb still light up?
A little correction in 13:22 Here the light can't turn on because the circuit is broken and hence no electric field is created but in the diagram of 13:30 the current will flow in the second unconnected wire since its connection is not needed to create the electric field. Both the cases are different! Btw very good video!!
SO POTENTIAL NOT TRANSMISSION?
This is much better, and far less pretentious than your previous video.
Bro does not miss
But Alpha Fenix did that experiment a year some year ago.
Veritasium is the new Vsauce
don't talk about my micro henry like that
After watching this I feel like I know less.
If the light turns on after 1m/c seconds due to the magnetic field changing when the switch is flipped, why wouldn’t the light bulb also turn on if a separate circuit one meter away from it was also turned on?
so in a grander scale of things Tesla was right about transferring electricity wirelessly, or at least that's how it looks like.
Great content. Very useful. The comments about outcomes on transmission line calculations were jarring because I'd never really thought about it that much but it's pretty important. Than you!
I do find him laborious. Explain how hv dc power lines work with no collapsing fields....
It's not thought of this way because it's not helpful for practical matters. Voltage is a much better descriptor of the behavior of circuits, not electric field. Field is good for talking about components and physics. So yes, the PCB guy is right. On the micro level like you get with traces, it's very good to have an understanding of how it really works.  Helpful and explanatory video. All the best. -BS in EE
oooh engineer fight
Thank you! One small remark. When you say “with electrons moving on average the radius of a proton”, you depict this radius to be much smaller than that of electron, and that cannot be. Otherwise, a greatly detailed video. Enjoyed as always.
It would be good to have another measurement with the switch and the light bulb placed separately on the two farthest ends of the loop for comparison.
Still obfuscated transmission line theory with a model of Z that assumes no R and series. In-fact all transmission lines are series parallel.   Then you assumed a perfect load.  Then you moved the goal post. Then you introduced charged capacitors to an open circuit  Then you tried to cop out with an appeal to authority.    My dude. You were wrong and your initial hypothesis was incomplete while your revisit is disingenuous to save face.   You can get as granular as you want to get to the atomic level and account for all forces in every vector or you can take a realistic approach to the thought experiment and acknowledge constraints. We all know it's going to come on quickly, but the WHY shouldn't be a casualty of your vanity.
Unless I'm completely misunderstanding something, could you demonstrate this way easier by just changing the shape of the loop?  A square circuit, with the switch in one corner and the lightbulb in the other. As the electromagnetic field expands outward, the last place it would reach on the circuit would be the bulb. Now comparing the time it took the lightbulb to light up, to when you have a rectangular circuit  and the lightbulb is relatively close in space, but equal distance by wire to the square. Since the field will hit the bulb much sooner, that would also demonstrate the effect very clearly and with little confusion. No?
It was a great thought experiment which engaged the community and we are all better for it. More of these please.
Both videos were successful in that they taught many people, including myself, a very interesting aspect of electricity.
Alpha Phoenix beat you to it
Seems like Electrical Art vanguardism to me! Great job Mr Muller!
You have reinvented the Time Domain Reflectometer (TDR), I have used them often.
Thank god, I was very frustrated with the responses. It was clear that knowledgable people agreed with you but wanted to argue on every possible technicality because they didn't like the way you phrased it.
Very Humble!
NAYSAYERS CAN POST THEIR APOLOGY BY REPLY....here endeth the lesson. Well done Derek.
This also should help those who mistakenly refer to a near-perfect vacuum as 'nothing.' It is in fact loaded with lots of fields, electric and others. A far cry from being nothing.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
this, this is science. we make mistake. we make correction. everyone gets a little smarter. lets do more.
I have made a similar argument myself, but stopped. I'm an industrial control systems engineer before I retired. For all practical purposes, using the analogy of a hose or moving electrons makes troubleshooting easier, since most circuits aren't complicated enough to see the effect you describe here. It is only rarely that the underlying reality needs to be addressed when troubleshooting a given system.
good
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
Why don’t you do the other experiment? I mean, showing that if the circuit is wider the time is larger?  Is it because the change in time would be really small?
Thank you for the video. Youtube is not total garbage due to channel like yours.
I think a collab with electroboom would be great
What a great time to be alive. Hundreds of years ago this discussion would be hold in books or university talks that were unavailable to the vast majority of society. Now, it is being done publically, everyone with access to internet can live this experience. It is amazing and it makes me feel like one 17th century student watching a heated physics debate.
"But you get views and arguing with you gets me views so you MUST be wrong!"  -people
The real is the abstract, what is out of our senses. Really cool video.
So.. magic. Got it
This has been a great back and forth. My brain has often hit a brick wall when I’ve tried to reconcile “lumped parameter” thinking with actual circuits. Now I see where there is more to it. While the details for a given setup may be complex, I actually find much more solace in seeing the first principles of the E&M fields at work. Thanks so much!
I thought you had explained everything just fine the first time, but introducing the concept of lumped elements and the use of a diagram with capacitors to represent reality was a really nice touch regardless!
4:12 - nobody: all the other apps when I try to delete one of them
It sort of proves what you said in the first video but also doesn't. The induced voltage is significantly smaller than the voltage transmitted through the wires which arrives later. It's not what people would imply from the title of your first video. The bulb turns on when the electric field reaches it, true, but then turns truly on when the whole circuit is fully charged. That's different from saying the bulb turns on after 1/c seconds period.  Some power arrives after 1/c and if you keep the wires really close that power is noticeable but full power only arrives after the circuit is complete. That's a much more nuanced answer than what you said in your first video. But hey, it's a interesting experiment and I'm not saying  you were completely wrong either.
18:05 "so that's why we picked"
I was just getting used to thinking about circuits as water pipes. I'm gonna go ahead and continue doing that because I fear change.
Derek....how do the unconnected circuits in a micro chip work whilst being flooded in fields from adjacent, multiple 'live' circuits?
Definitely a better presentation the 2nd time around but . . . I suppose the poorly worded "trick question" can be overlooked by saying that wasn't the point and one could just jump straight to the end and say yes the "signal" would arrive in the time stated. However in the explanation he stills tries to say that effectively the electrons in the wire are not necessary and that their movement is an unnecessary consequence. IF that were the case why not use insulators as wires or no wires at all. While individual electrons don't move far at all their movement is a necessary part of establishing the field. On this point he discounts the magnetic field. The magnetic field, or more definitively, the changing magnetic field, results from the movement of those electrons and that is what propagates the electric field (changing electric field) down the wire. (Yes, I know he is using DC but initially it is a changing voltage as it goes from zero to full voltage and it is this change that establishes the field) Yes, Ohm's Law is the macroscopic view of what's going on but he fell short of completely describing the microscopic (sub-atomic) view.
Sir Is it the phenomenon that explains mutual induction
I mean, you're just talking about induction correct?   It's not a new, or even that interesting a concept, it takes place in every transformer, every wireliess charger etc etc.
Good teachers don't necessarily ask a question looking for a specific answer.
Oh man. That’s amazing stock footage ay 19:48 of the one engineer telling the other how to screw in a light bulb.
In mistakes we find ourselves improving, and clearly it brought together a tiny community just to sceptically look at the claims and investigate how things truly work for an indirect collaborative learning experience. This is what science is or should be about. Love it!
Good on ya for admitting where you could improve in your explanations.  Very spirit of science and all that.  World needs more of that attitude, to be frank.  Cheers
thank you for the follow up video, It definitely cleared things up for me
Seeing Maxwell’s equations in action with a circuit has fundamentally opened my eyes to the mysteries of electricity that I never quite understood in the past. This will forever change the way I understand the exciting concept of electricity. Thanks
Fantastic !!  Ham radio operators everywhere (me included) are saying ; “yeah ! What he said !”  Thank you for this work .
Ok, Veritasium proved INDUCTION works at the speed of light. Now, Use INSULATED wire designed to carry electricity instead of an antenna!!!!    :):):):):):):):):)
Love seeing BigClive in the beginning.
I really don't think I would have learned circuits this way without these, I am glad it was controversial. You likely just caused a butterfly effect for future inventions just by getting the masses educated better on this topic. You da man V!
This is so well explained, thank you
Why doesn't the full voltage arrive (nearly) instantly?
The uncoupled A-Field
Now that hes said he can power a disconnected led a short distance from the switch briefly, i really want to see that in action
OMG nw you are talking about RF wave propagation. Use a Shielded Wire, a twisted pair or wrap the 10m wire along a Log!!!! lol   this is becoming PR stunt, not edumacation....
With long distances, you need greater current (ampereage).
I watched this video yesterday, and its a great re-examination of your previous video.  But today the thumbnail was different and I love it, "Are you not convinced?"  Had me cracking up.  I thought the first video was a great explanation, but then this video came along and its even better with all the examples and the demonstration.  I loved every bit of these 2 videos. And I now have a new understanding of how electricity works.
Although the Poynting vector shows that the energy travels through the fields, I don't think it's entirely outside the wires, since the greatest magnitude is at the center of the field (unless the center of magnitude is just the surface charge).
The real outcome of all this is that not everyone believes whatever is stated on YouTube or social media in general.
Illuminating, to say the least.
I'm so glad that this whole controversy happened because this video made everything a lot clearer. Great video!
It is so amazing to see you getting elated with learning through experiences and failures  Happiness 🥰💗
I really don't understand why all the "negative" responses to your previous video. It was clear to me (and English is NOT my native language) that your intent was to show how electric fields actually work by using that very well constructed thought experience. I can't imagine a better way to explicit this without solving Maxwell equations. To me it was perfect and, honesty, people who doesn't get the real purpose of your video are a little thick.
I swear I keep seeing this same video recommended to me, but each time with a different thumbnail.
24 minutes on explaining how I wasn't wrong, I just didn't explain clearly enough.
Now I start to really get it. Thanks for this needed explanation video.
Yes Veritasium we do watch your video, I am a college student, and Yes, Professors and people love your video and we really do watch your videos.
I’m not smart enough for this lol
Your video doesn’t explain the spike from 5 to 25 V.
Whoever can answer this random question I have, I will be very grateful! What is the music playing from 2:43?
it's all waves, brother. Love the content but also you're overthinking it -- it's waves bruh
Your videos are enlightening...I hope that the suggested new Ministry of Truth doesn't dumb all of this down to water flowing through pipes for electricity and 22/7 for pi...
Also simply positioning a switch in a different part of the circuit will have no change in how long the bulb takes to turn on.
Great job on this video!!!  I studied this years ago, and remember that when we went into the High Frequency Electronics class(es), the approach was that "we are going to learn how electricity really works" and "forget all that stuff about circuits we taught you before".  You summarized a difficult subject very well!!!  Thanks for acknowledging Mehdi's statements about leakage current were technically correct (the best kind of correct).  This video should be shown to university students.
Excellently explained in detail, thanks for the very but, I have something on my mind….Given a change, the simulation at 6:10, if the wires are insulated and are twisted with each other, what would be the case…? Is that going to effect it in anyway..?
Premium content for free? Much wow amazing video
Masterclass
Good job on explaining this brilliant supply of voltage gentlemen, btw your rebuttal is just outstanding now back to cooking .. au revoir
So in the scenario with the open circuit, the light bulb would turn on the same way. But you conveniently missed out on the fact whether it would STAY on, with the broken wire.   We all know about those effects so there is not really anything new, but I feel this still tries to reveal something new and it achieves that by using inaccurate and incomplete demonstrations like the car battery in the first video. That feels unscientific because it does not demonstrate the effect that was discussed and is misleading.
You were cool way before hipsters were cool.
It’s easy to screw things up, like when you keep friends who’ve done blackface and think it’s funny
This is why I love Veritasium. He has the gut to recommend video in which people say he is wrong
I guess you guys haven't heard of my buddy named Ken, leave a comment below if you know who I'm talking about.
A wire traveling inside a conduit that is grounded.. you dont think the conduit would drain the magnetism? Or atleast impead the change in magnetism?.. also. All comunication wires are sheathed in grounded wire.
more logical explanation: >you close the circuit >electron start to flow in the near wire at light speed >flowing electron create a electro-magnetic field >the far wire act like an antenna and turn the electro-magnetic in a small electron flow >after some times the electron in the wire reach the far wire and light up the bulb with full power
I saw a truthful mature discussion here, and great love to science. Very happy about the "mistakes" that brings discussion to this point, with a lot more learning and pleasure than before. Thanks to all the brilliant people involved!
I love you Derek.
Veritassium : "i declare a war!"
Nice Video! I am undergrad learning
All of that should be free for all. In humanistic world
Now i am since nearly killed installing privacy screens to deter my stalking peeping tom to live wires..phew! This will not end well for me either way i suspect
On the original video, he implied that the important thing was the distance between the battery and the bulb. Now he changed the point. The main issue remains. you need to charge the fields before any of this discussion takes place. If you want to light the bulb with an antenna, you might do so. In this case, the circuit picture is just misleading in the first place.
Explanations everywhere, but the more they "explain", the more confused it gets. You can't grow crops without the field, but we don't harvest the field.
I really appreciate this video revisiting and clarifying the explanations in the previous video. My understanding is much clearer now.
Sigh… damn 5G gonna kill us 😂
So this experiment is showing you the instantaneous induction phenomenon that happens between all closely separated conductors, which generates a small current before the main "conduction current" arrives along the wires.  Is this a reasonable interpretation?
Mr. Doctor Click bait, your are "wrong clickbait phd" ...but nobody hates you... it's a click-bait  show not a scientific show..😏😎😋😋😋
There is capacitive coupling from source to load across the transmission line. It would be interesting to see what would happen if the circuit does not involve a transmission line but is a circular, horizontal loop of wire connecting source and load. In that case, the distance of the load from the source would be the length of the circuit divided by pi.
I want you to know I’m in my mid 30’s and I had a science teacher in 6th grade tell us how the electrons actually didn’t travel along the wires because it would take this immense amount of time and Try to explain it a little bit just as an aside and I’ve held that memory about electrons not traveling the wires but had no idea how it actually worked all the way until now.  This was incredibly edifying and I’m so glad channels and people like you guys exist to help others understand cool scientific concepts that i would otherwise never encounter in my life. 👍👍
Congratulations. You’re more than 100 years behind Nicola Tesla. As a society, are we really just a bunch of lemmings now?
Electricity is still a mystery on how it works. Since it's still small particles of electrons.
Next video, I request how electric fields interact (ect) with magnetic fields , thanks 🙏
The debates in the scientific community, among people educated beyond their knowledge is what gives me the security and peace of mind that no matter who "wins or loses" Errors or misinterpretations, in the end what we all seek It is the exciting emotion of finding the truth beyond believing themselves owners of it. It feels like a joint accomplishment in the healthiest way imaginable.
Would you say that your first video caused what's called, when a peer review goes wrong?
Anyone else here to read all the other deniers comments who actively said he was wrong and watching them now say "we were on the same page" and trying to backtrack and mold their reply to suggest they too were saying what he said? Anyone? Lol.
Veritasium: "Here's how electricity works"  People: "uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"  Veritasium: "Ok... so... 'here's how electricity works', we good now or?"  People: "uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"  Veritasium: "aight... look here mf's..."  😆
Now I really don't get it. What if the wires are shielded, preventing any magnetic or electrical fields influencing the wires themselves? Then nothing happens?
I have an innocent enough question.   If electrons hardly actually move along electronic parts, why don't batteries last forever (metaphorically)?
So... next is an experiment with this wire loop setup and then turning on a light bulb in a separate loop alongside that doesn't have a discrete power source of its own, right? RIGHT!?
Kinda miss some love and shout-out to the Science Asylum channel. He did a video about this topics before Derek
I don't agree, the reason there are surface charges is in essence due to the mutual repulsion of like electric charges.  This is because of the Faraday effect, and so the electric field might move along the wire for a nanosecond before the electrons migrate, but once they migrate electrons will have moved to cancel/shield any electric field along the wire.  It is then more about the repulsion/attraction from the charge imbalance across the gap.  If electric fields moved though wires the skin effect wouldn't be a thing.
Unite them brother.  Good job.
Next time you need to talk about Maxwell's full 20 equations and quaternions, and maybe E T. Whittaker scalar decomposition.
I like your channel, but this video sounds like a deflection to not say you were wrong. I must say I admire that you actually responded with some level of self-criticism about it and partially admitted your fault, but you still tried to excuse yourself.  You at the end say that it was more important to show that electricity doesn't work like people think, but as you said, you used a whole LED lightbulb, and anyone seeing your original video that doesn't know their physics would have learnt the mistaken lesson: that the lightbulb would light up fully instantly with no difference after the actual propagation of the fields.  You used a simplistic model to show something that requires a complex model, without the "translation" to the simple model (the capacitors you added in this video), which makes the conclusion completely illogical. The whole point is that the conclusion a viewer would get to at the end of your video would be mistaken because your video was misleading both in the way you displayed the problem and the way you worded the solution.
Thank you for clarifying.  I am fascinated by this stuff despite still not really wrapping my head around it
OK now the question I am getting here is... Light is an electromagnetic wave... What does this mean in an electromagnetic field? Is a em field light? Or something completely different? And if for some reason it is, could it made be possible to see? like you can make infrared or uv light possible to "see" with cameras?
Been waiting for this video
Finally - cables alter the sound of your hifi gear. Now: kill me
When you realize this dude is _basically_ just playing with antennas and making serous bank off of it... -.-' But hey, at least there is an _element of truth_ to it, right?
Now do it with shielded wires.
Lets not dig too much on this thing, we might discover Tesla Free energy.
This is how scientific discussions are supposed to work!!
Are you not entertained!? That pose... dude this video is straight fire. Kudos.
Never dis Veritasium
This blows my mind and confuse me at the same time. Does it mean this wave can be blocked completely? Does the charge would still flow through the wire if it could be blocked? This probably above my IQ level
Do people actually undersrand these scientific debates or do they just pretend to?
Science in 2022 where nerds battle it out over YouTube!!!
there's a reason i trust physicists more than engineers when it comes to explaining the detailed workings behind things like this. I'm an EE and throughout my professional career i've noticed that engineers especially EEs try to find engineering workarounds around concepts they dont fully comprehend. This is a particular issue in EE tbh. They'll even give them names only comprehensible to their fellow engineers. A physicist will perfectly explain the leakage inductances and capacitances that electroboom refers to in terms of electron motion, spin resonance, electromagnetc field strength etc, to an EE those would just be leakage inductances, short circuit currents which a physicist would go to great depth explaining it in terms of electric field strength etc if you go into power theory those would simply be zero sequence components. what i'm i trying to get at, trust the physicist more. well done veritasium i never doubted your first video. it was well brought out and the concepts were very well presented.
Seriously? Doubling down on that dumb take? The solution to the problem as you laid it out in the previous video was wrong. This "clarification' is moving the goalposts of what the problem was. Sorry buddy, words carry meaning and you (as an individual) don't just get to arbitrarily change them to pretend you weren't wrong.   And the "misconceptions" are not misconceptions. The particle and field models are, for all practical purposes, exactly equivalent. The difference is only semantic. The net effect of all the electrons throughout the entire apparatus acting on a single electron in the wire is equivalent to the effect as measured by the field. Saying that one or the other is the true cause and true nature of reality is not science. That is metaphysics. (And even in such a metaphyical discussion, you need to give your justification, but that was just as absent as your acknowledgment that you stopped doing science). Science deals with correlations between observables. That is it.  It does not make absolute claims. It can not make absolute claims. The possibility for revision is built into its core. You and basically all the other science educators need to stop conflating philosophy and science. It will only ever add confusion. (I have not formed this opinion from a single video. It happens again and again.) Thumbs down.
3:04   Mr Veritassium...    Dr  Muller....   Derek,   You just left there another bomb. I smell another video is on the way  )
This was awesome and really eye opening as to how electricity works.  Much more complicated than moving electrons through a wire as I was taught in school.
Great video
The electrons accumulating on the cable's surface, has this been demonstrated somehow?
I’m so dumb so this stuff feels like magic to me. I mean, existence alone is magical so it makes sense.
teachers around the world: actually putting this question into exams because why not
Derek, you are the rap battler of scientists. Sends out a challenge, others reply and then you send the reply. Great stuff though!
"So I have behind me a 300,000 mile long circuit..."
Electromagnetism is a fascinating field. (ba-dum-tss)
Your videos are more confusing than explanatory. I think I had a better grasp of elecricity and magnetism when I was told it's a single thing in highschool.
Nicely done, and addresses all the minor issues I had with the previous video. I think if I hadn't already watched the Science Asylum video on the topic first, I might have had similar reactions to some other viewers. I was also thinking that understanding this would be incredibly helpful for anyone having to deal with EMI/EMC issues (which in principle should be everyone designing a circuit for real-world use!), so the clip near the end of Rick Hartley was very appropriate.
I was very confused about your last video. You left the impression that the full voltage would be applied before the field relayed through the circuit.  I couldn't figure this out.  Now that you've clarified you're just referring to inductive current, everything makes sense.  That last video was at best incomplete and misleading.
And this is exactly what’s wrong with education. People teach a certain thing in a controlled certain situation and assume the parameters not explicitly stated.  Then we have other educators with different thought process based on their education saying their also correct but different opinion. 😪. And then you add that we pay thousands to learn this with no correlation to career usage.
Nice video. It's easy to criticize the original, but dang, some of the responses were way out of line, especially the "this is FTL" ones.   I thought Dave from EEVBlog had the best response. He hit on all the important points.
good video shutting down all naysayers who were quick to add all kinds of their own opinions into their videos and put words into your video!
13:54 hold on, if this was true though, there would be little way to prevent one field from generating charges in anything else that was electrically conductive. So if I connect my battery to a circuit, it should make everything else in the vicinity to also carry the same charge, and thats not true.    You say you're clearing things up but you are just making it way way more confusing now. I don't necessarily think you're wrong, I just think the way you explain it is confusing. That dog/sheep analogy was also not helpful
Doesn't wood conduct electricity ?... loads of trees get hit by lightning.   Good video tho 👍
Nice to see that I was Right from Start to End in my Previous Comments ^_^   Aside of that Self-Satisfaction, I find that kind of Interactive Teaching by "Dialectic" between So Many Viewpoints, a True Richness for Human Kind.  So Very Thanks to You, Very Dear Derek for having Initiated this, even Beyond You were Expecting ;)  🙏
Thanks for the clarification from the last video I was thinking you were saying the bulb would see full current. I imagine the further you spread the wires the smaller the initial response current will be too.
Noice
Weird, we learned about this in physics 101
The original problem is in essence an antenna and a signal source!
What happens if the parallel conductors are say a mile apart in some large square circuit or perhaps a circular circuit does the same rules apply
tysm for this vid i know you have manny comments to read but im a student and my question is: would a lightbulb on a seperate non connected wire light up the tinieest bit with the initial waves? i might have miss something relating to this in the video cuz i was kinda autopiloting so any other fellow commenters which know could tell me woulkd be nicee
Can you link to the Rick Hartley video you referenced here?
Well done
It can run much much much more than just a led.  If you use much higher watts, you better know this stuff, other wise, you could get some unexpected results.  You should make sure there isn't anything around to absorb and be affected from the strong energy in the field, even if for a moment.  For example if you have a nuclear plant, id say you dont want a sensetive part of your circuit fried in that initial moment.  I feel like you closed the hole i was trying to close myself since i first heard about electricity. It never made sense to me, and i couldnt get past the initial point knowing a dumbed down explanation.  If they teach it for simply fication reason, why not adding some side note for clarification??
I guess the first video not being complete is a happy little accident
add some mercury and you have yourself a more eco spaceship
Have you heard about graphene's next generation made from boron instead of carbon? It's supposed to have zero resistance.
What percentage of the steady-state current is delivered after 1/c seconds?  I'm guessing it's so much less than the steady-state result that you'll never say.  Assuming a spherical cow is all well and good, but it doesn't deliver milk.  I'll take and engineer over a physicist every damn day.
I understood the first video exactly as explained in this follow-up.
For me the biggest lesson learned is that we MUST be careful of our sources of information.  There were several credible (and well meant) YouTube content creators that discredited your conclusion because they were out of their league on a VERY complicated subject.  A subject overly simplified by our general education system which essentially teaches us that the electricity flows through the wire).  I am still a bit baffled by the actual mechanics of the system; I need to re-watch.  I am however grateful for you once again teaching us something very important, perhaps by mistake, which is to check your sources.  The best way to check your sources?  To have uncensored (civil) dialogue between parties that may have differing ideas and opinions about a subject (and not just science).
Well, this time you thought this through ! Good one.
One of the best video's I've ever seen.  Mind-blown!
The item that is ignored in many SW game development is emergent game play. The opposite is Minecraft, where the basics of the game are placed in random population of (currently) biomes. The player has their fists and the ability to make basic tools. Then - emergence - they build castles made of glass, or gold. They craft diamond swords.  The replies to your previous video opened the door to emergent responses. So, emergent videoing one might guess. A better term is surely available although it escapes me at this moment. Thank you for both videos and sharing the replies. I remain yours, in V=IR
wait, so my welding arc is the same electrons the whole time?
I have one further point for you to take on. When talking about electricity and velocity at the same time it is customary to use U for the velocity symbol, so as not to confuse with Voltage.
So when are we going to get a correction to the "one way" speed of light video??
this is how modern day intellectuals have a di** measuring contest. To be fair, its way more entertaining than a bar fight.
You are describing the behaviour of a capacitor…add a couple of iron cores you have a transformer
But how much of the effect is caused by the viewer and their consciousness?
This is just signal noise, the experiment is deceptive
Ok, throwing out my text books right now! :D
This was just a humongously confusing explanation of the fact that 'electromagnetic induction exists'. That's high school level physics.
It's kind of fun to see an HFSS simulation of something other that a microwave component.
What a great time to be alive. Hundreds of years ago this discussion would be hold in books or university talks that were unavailable to the vast majority of society. Now, it is being done publically, everyone with access to internet can live this experience. It is amazing and it makes me feel like one 17th century student watching a heated physics debate.
There's a saying out there that I'm probably going to hack but it's something along the lines of “The best way to get an answer on the internet is not to say something right, but to say something wrong and watch everybody come out of the woodwork to correct you.”
Guys I’m actually smart you just didn’t understand! You’re the ones who are actually not smart!
Maxwell's "Equations" describe fields. Well done getting people to think past their grim grip on simplifications.
I'm sorry. I'm not an electrical engineer but I completely understood what you were attempting to teach in your original video. I will admit, I am an engineer, just not electrical, but, nonetheless I got where you were coming from! The real question is however, if the electrons barely move within the wire, then what is an Ampere?
Nicely done, sir!
Gah, wait you went through all the trouble to set up the experiment and never showed the version with the two disconnected wires. Is there another video that shows the oscilloscope for this?
No, most LEDs (or even traditional bulbs) wont light up when powered by just ~20% of voltage it was designed to work with. Now you backed out of your mistake by facy explaining that induction field travels with speed of c. Duh?
That animation of electric fields made the stuff click in my head! I think im getting the hang of it, also makes me understand radio better.
Energy is carried by photons.  The field itself carries the photons.
Shouldn’t you be talking the speed of light in copper? And why exactly does light go slower in media, is it because phototons are absorbed and re-admitted by Adams? And there must be photons where there’s an electric field, right, because photons are what carries the electric field?
This made semi sense until you applied a split circuit and showed how it goes even on either side.
No name calling, no arguments just good old fashion debate and understanding. Man why can't politics be like this 😪 😔  maybe im wrong but it seems like it would be more imperative then ensuring we understand  current and light bulbs. (Now I'm kinda sad seeing these youtubers  more mature in this regard 😒 )
brilliant explanation
Hey former skeptic here, I'm going to be honest I was in the disagree crowd before but I'm unsure if it was because I merely failed to understand it or because  I I was glued to my conventionional understanding of electronics. I feel that, like many others, in my mind the proof against your argument was that your claim was that a battery alone created the voltage difference and therefor tuned on the bulb via electric fields. I am happy to say I now understand much better and love the manner in which you tackled the skepticism. I do agree that in the real world such an experiment would be hard,  and that it's much more fun to make a couple assumptions and reveal something about electronics most don't understand. Thanks for the interesting and informative video!
Veritasium is a huckster, he should have made that clear, along with all the other exceptions and provisos he was forced to make in this video.
I think its a difference between what you think "Turning a light bulb on" means. I think for most, it means fully turning on, which is the time it takes for steady state. Clearly its a good video bc the internet blew up. Only in our community is that a good thing where everyone learns alot about everything
3:00 *dies in band theory*
Still misleading! 18:52 the time between two vertical dashed lines is 50.0ns. Lets count after switching (the green line):   3.3ns the voltage is zero as expected 8.3ns  the voltage is 1V, 0.001A = 0.0001W 13.3ns the voltage is 2V, 0.002A = 0.0004W 18.3 the voltage is 3V, 0.003A = 0.0009W 23.3ns the voltage is 4V, 0.001A = 0.0016W  So to get 1mW you need 8.3ns which is lets say 2.5 times the pointed time of 1m/c and to get the 14-16mW you talk about you need 7 times 1m/c.  Little calculations explanations.  The time between two vertical dashed lines is 50.0ns The voltage start to rise after  ~5ns(1m/c = 3.3ns but well measurements) and it reached the equilibrium of 4 volts after another almost 20ns So 3.3ns is the time after which the current starts to flow, you need another 20 ns to reach the 14 mW equilibrium.(14 mW equilibrium depend of the distance between the wires and the wire surface(thickness)) (I just calculated 4v = 16 mW, maybe 14mW is more correct value)  Derek, this video is much better than the first one but don't make more shocking videos please.
The main beef with the original video was its dominant message that entire power transfer from battery to the occurs 1/c, not just a minute percentage off it - that's all. The understanding of electric fields in that role has little contribution to that video's major criticisms.
Fun fact, we have a positive an negative on batteries, that would be the opposite way if we knew more about electricity earlier.
You can also think about this as the battery wire being a transmitting antenna and the other wire(s) being antennas picking up the radiated energy.
As an electrical engineering student, I learned more how really electricity works
You still can't properly admit you fucked up... "That's not what I said" no, that's exactly what you said! The fact that's not what you wanted to say, doesn't mean that's not what happened.
How exactly would this be shown in an electrolysis (galvanic) cell, wouldn't the electrons have to leave the circuit? I know they would come back but, how would this be modeled?
thank you for these videos.  I've taken multiple physics courses on E +M before leaving school and becoming an electrician.   In all of that time it was never pointed out that this is what's happening.  the water in the pipe model was the best I'd ever been given to model it in my head, but it doesn't quite fit.  hearing this really helped me finish wrapping my head around what's going on, and why those discrepancies between reality and metaphors exist.
It's just nice to see another video! Having watched them all it's always too long till the next! Same goes for vsauce!
If I could give you five likes I would. Unfortunately only one like counts. Really great videos, Derek! Carry on!
His hair got twice as grey between this timeline
I'm not an electrician or a scientist and the point of the first video was very clear to me. However this video explains it better and faster nice follow up 👍.
You should say not to curl your wire when trimming hedges. Because it is a "resistance.".
What is a field ? A field of what ?    , the medium of our reality if you were to ask Tesla.
This makes clear what was happening in story about AI being used to design FPGA's which had components with no wires connected to them, where removing the disconnected components or changing the position completely broke the previous behavior.
I'm sorry, but why haven't you admitted you were wrong? Yes, if you change the explanation with this "clarification" you are correct. This answer to the multi choice question us still "None of the above" because you didn't divide by C. The bulb in your original though experiment was NOT an LED, so you were still wrong. Just admit your thought experiment was flawed. No shame in it, this could have been just TE v2.
I came into this video apprehensive after the first video.  However, you acknowledged your mistakes well and explained what’s really going on accurately, and even gave credit to your critics.  For that I give you a lot of credit.  Well done.
"The energy is carried outside the wires" - Right, explain the SKIN effect then
If you went to the trouble to set this up, PLEASE tell me you also tested the variants you discussed a) where the switch was 1.74m down the line (so the distance from the bulb was 2m rather than 1m) and b) where the circuit was actually open at one end ?
Mind Explode
Loved the spin-offs this created.  Have come across so many other awesome creators/scientists.  Can't help but chuckle a bit, as with everything, reminds me of the xkcd comic when someone on the internet is wrong. lol. Great job Derek
The short blip of stock footage @19:47 is hilarious. Where did this come from?
"An engineer from the gravitational wave detector helped me" So precise measurements then?
As I understand the Electric field will decay very fast with increasing distance so am I correct that if the wires would be much more then a meter apart there wouldn't be a current significanty greater then the noise?
What happens if you swap DC for AC?
Loved both videos!
Great to see different opinions are allowed and debated, rather than canceled, that's what science is all about.
The best part of the original video was how the community came together to understand and explain the topic to the rest of us. This team effort was fantastic, even if accidental.
Sorry, could you repeat that last part, I was commenting and missed it.🤓
I wonder if the horse shoe like shape has some input.
Hi... you moved awareness, education, enthusiasm and engagement forward. Your usual excellent pursuit and  quality benefitted us all. And!  This old board level repair tech enjoys the living daylights out of your channel! Thank you Derek. One old retired guy who always struggled to get it in 1970 electronics class.
I wish, i could be like him
You can charge your phone & car using magnetic induction. How come Tesla did think of it 100 years ago?
damn i don’t understand shits 🗿
Sorry dude, this is the most rambling and reactionary video I've ever seen from you and it's really scattered / hard to follow.
All I am convinced was Derek was trying to cover the mistake he made with magnetic induction explanation.
Get some good sleep now Derek!!! You work very hard to educate us! And we all love you for it and appriciate you.
So the electrons don't push each other, but are pushed by an electric field, which I presume is created by the electrons? This seems like a distinction without a difference, in my opinion. The electric field that creates the almost immediate (but much diminished) current, is just capacitance. The simulations in this video are seriously awesome. Thank you for creating this!
You know it's a real physics video because he used the word 'zillions'
Tl;dr Derek was initially more right than wrong. In principle, he was correct, the field expands regardless of the wire length. But his initial explanation was incomplete. Then it was checked and proved by more knowledgeable electric engineers.
I am glad you did a followup. I really did not like the original video and I'm glad you acknowledged the problems with it here.  It had a positive outcome for those of us who were nerd sniped by the video and turned a 15 minute "ooh, this video looks interesting, I'll put it in my queue" into days of "what he said doesn't make sense, smart people explain it to me!!!" digging, reaction video binging, and asking questions. But most people don't go on a deep dive afterward so this followup is much appreciated.
did the title and thumb change?
still a little bit misleading.  in your experiment you just repeated the situation similar (not exactly) on 5:40 when the source of the fields close or far away from the receiver. if you isolate all wires then the fields wouldn't lit the bulb untill the field finish its journey through the wire surface, because there would be no fields leakage between the switch and the bulb. and if you move (in non-isolated circut) the switch and the bulb further one from another, you'll get even less watts with longer delay.  yes you're right about fields travels 1 meter, but it's just a side-effect of the working circut... i don't understand why you need to prove it, it is obvious that it would be some 'parasite' fields in a circut.
"The fastest way to get a right answer is to post a wrong one on the internet." -Proverb
Great science is cloaked in humility and I think Mr. Veritasium has demonstrated that consistently throughout his TouTube career.   Thanks !
Thanks Veritasium! Between this and the sail car episode I like how you trigger meaningful debate in communities you're part of.
Checkmate
If you put a load on the unconnected wire, would it light up?  According to your video, it should.  I don't think it would though.
Wait what?! If the circuit is not intact, the light bulb would still go on?
I really wish I understood half of what you say in this video. I'm just not that intelligent 😔
Using an aluminum ladder while working with electricity, I'd get written up for that 😋 Great video Derrick from a fellow Canuck
I explain this like.  Imagine you have a long piece of rope  (10 yards).  And you make a "wave"  through it (send a sin wave down the rope).  "NOTHING" actually moved.  Except the energy.  Energy don't have a "physical" counterpart.  It's energy.  And yes (e=mc^2).  YES, energy can be converted.  Just like (time=money=me going to work).  One does not mean the other.  But, it can be converted.
Love you bro ; response to your video shows your influence....keep it up otherwise I will be upset🤘😉cheers!!!
This is an excellent, thought-provoking video. Wouldn't this be well illustrated by comparing this setup with the bare wire to a similar one with grounded-shielded wire? But now I am really confused. Your experiment showed the nearly instantaneous (1 meter-second) voltage jump, as you had explained. But that was followed by a larger voltage jump later. What was happening there? It seems as though you have proven that unshielded wire can transmit SOME power directly by fields, but that most of the power goes the long way that we usually think of.
Got the concept in the first video but this really cleared things up.
Nobody is right when everybody is wrong, the thing of concern is the ociiscope. The assumption that it can measure at these kind of speeds is proof that the light turned on immediately. You are only as good as your ruler. There is doubt about this ruler, it is not built to prove that time in a transmission line does or not exist, as the maths apparatly indiate, conversely by existing such a ruler proves that time is irrelevant in this instant. There are no " bumping particles" in the eather, only the resonant propagation of a disturbance.
Is the video caption image made to resemble the *"Are you not entertained"*
This means that physical mass and body weight are entirely irrelevant upon levitation. While that all of physics is riddled with DUALISMS of OPPOSITES.  When thinking of plus and negative charges of anything. The protons and electrons are the likeness of feminine and masculine principles. The magnetic female and electrical male aspect of all existence. Physics screams such a thing over and over.  Then oneself can conclude more of the hidden messages of the biblical revelations texts of Divine Marriage. The full consumption of both forbidden tress fruits. The knowledge of dualism/ good and evil that leads to understanding true everlasting life.
Let agree that everyone was right. Current is enough for light, but significantluly smaller than consyant current
Good circuit, but... Why did you build it 10 feet high???
We've discovered radio.
From your own test here, the fact that you got a brief spike, then a drop, followed by a steady current seems to me to indicate that that when you powered up, you created a magnetic field (as a transformer would).  The magnetic field then INDUCED (created) a separate current in your second conductor.  Being DC, this then dropped off, to be replaced by the steady electrical current from the source that had had time to run the length of the wire. I don't think the test indicates that an electrical field, not running through the wires, radiated out and was present on the second conductor.   It seems like what you proved was that the magnetic field created by electricity can create electrical spikes (capacitor style) in nearby conductors? If it were strictly an electrical field, shouldn't a thin wire have worked as well as the big copper pipes? Is the distance of the electrical field surrounding a wire the same as the distance of the magnetic field generated? From a practical sense, I understand that it doesn't matter.  But I'm more perplexed than ever as to what an "electrical field" is exactly?
Much awaited video ^^
I have lots of questions i'm hoping some educated gentleperson can help me with. Does this mean that electrical circuits are very inefficient ? since a lot of the energy is outside the wires ? Are there ways to measure how much power is lost ? Also, fields lose power following the inverse-square law, which means that the initial electric field that moves electrons near the switch will lose power, especially in a long wire, so i would assume that the reason why we can make long wires work is that there is another thing that creates the electric field that moves electron ? It can't be electrons themselves, right ? Otherwise it would be a self-sustaining reaction, which ... probably contradicts several laws of physics...
A lesson on clickbaity content creation: Derek got double the views by making a shitty video before the well made one. We should always make click baits.
so who is right?
The greatest EduTube play ever
You're all wrong.  It's turtles all the way down.
The problem in both videos is that you claim the light bulb would turn on at 1m/c time and that simply is not the case.  Getting a fraction of the energy is not turning the bulb on in the true sense.   Then you back track with an LED saying see it turns on with the fraction of energy.    You moved the goal posts.     Others could move them also and say move the bulb far enough away from the  battery so that the field strength is negligible.  Only 100 meters would be enough and thus you would need the wires to get the light bulb to truly turn on.
Nah, I'm not going to watch these other channels. I'm only going to watch your channel. :D
wasn't there a guy who did a 500 meter run of the same thing?
I love veritasium just for this kind of explanation videos ! keep up the good work !
I think that Derek's two video are appreciated in terms of stirring up the YouTube science community to attempting different approaches to this topic; regardless of who's more accurate, I thank him for bringing up such controversial topic (at least on YouTube), after all that's what got us here in the first place, the different views to the same problem. Thanks Derek❤️
I didn't understand the part with the broken circuit. If the circuit is broken then there would be no charge difference between the 2 ends of the switch right? Then why does closing it cause an electric field in the first place?
Hi, I am wondering 🤔 what if the schrodinger's cat in a box 📦 where in a glass box instead it would change everything. Pls make a video or just  reply 🙏 I can't stop thinking about it
Been an A grade Electrician for 33 years. Agreed on much but : DC. versus AC current have interesting differences. No consideration of voltage drop due to wire size ( 1mm square versus 2.5 mm square for example ) and or length. Back EMFs due to induction. ( I have seen amazing induced high harmonics in earth systems attached to banks of fluros in high rise offices over the years )
OMSnore.
I have struggled to understand the intrinsic relationship between electricity and magnetism, because I  never could visualize how electrons flowing in certain directions in a wire would generate these magnetic fields. Seeing electromagnetism being described this way really clarifies things for me.
If in 2022 we're still learning/debating "How Electricity Actually Works" this goes to show you we have a long way to go in truly understanding our world/universe.
Dork fight
That's great! I have a question for another physic issue, what will happen if we take a rectangular mirror and we make it spin around it's center like a fan, will we still see it as a mirror or it will disappear?
Changing the thumbnail again eh? 🤣
Great video, the last one left it a bit shallow on my opinion, but this one goes all the way deeper then that one. Also loved the simulations, the way the maxwell equations were solved and shown rly expressed it quite well and visualy, the circuit model was also a great plus to conciliate the maxwell explanation with the electronics aproach. Very good!
Important point: the characteristic impedance of a transmission line is defined in terms of *distributed* inductance and capacitance, not the total inductance and capacitance. In fact, it's fundamentally different than 'impedance' in ordinary circuits, it's dependent on the wave-behavior of voltage and current in an electrically large circuit, so in transmission line theory we talk about voltage waves and current waves, and their ratio on a transmission line is called the characteristic impedance. It has nothing to do with what you would measure with an LCR meter, or at least it would require a more convoluted interpretation- it's just not the same area of discussion, it doesn't quite make sense to talk about measuring a characteristic impedance directly, you would do it by e.g. imposing boundary conditions (connecting electrically small components to one end and a generator at the other, for example) and measuring the voltage and current at the feed point of the transmission line; a known termination, and you can infer the behavior of the voltage and current waves. But that's not what most people think of when they hear "impedance"
I was also very confused when I watched the first video. This clarification was excellent.
Dude... as a layman who watches your videos, I understood what you were saying in first video.  Kudos for using that experience to make an even more rigorous explanation.   Derek, you are one of the first youtuber science people I discovered back when.  You truly have inspired me to become a better math teacher (high school), mathematician, and critical thinker.  Thank you for everything and never stop!
Yes
19:12 It would have been nice to compare the transient power transfer vs steady state power transfer.  So we have 4V vs 20V?  V^2/R tells us it's roughly 25x power.
Shady.
I remember taking a graduate course in EM, and there was a class where I was completely lost on the explanation, and with this video I now fully understand what was being demonstrated
This is a great echoing topic, so many smart people responded and learned so much along the way by watching them, there is a Chinese high school teacher 李永乐 explained the same result on a black board which is also very amazing. Great to have YouTuber like you guys.
this was an expensive video because they used all those 2x4s at Cal tech. no wonder it's expensive  to go to school there.
This is very interesting to me, but I am not 100% convinced. I would like to see the two events described at around 13:20 and beginning at 13:30 confirmed experimentally. Specifically: 1. Would the bulb illuminate in an open circuit in the same manner that it does in a closed circuit when the switch is closed, and  2. Would the bulb illuminate in an adjacent wire unconnected to the circuit in the same manner that it would if the wire were in the same circuit? I am not sure if the two experiments are significantly different, but I would like to see it all played out.
CLICK BAAAAAIT
Physics grad here, thanks Derrick. Way to show them with a real experiment. I have to be honest, the electron motion view of circuits has been a constant misconception for many people including myself. Learning Maxwell's equations and the field view of circuits doesn't necessary clear it up either because nobody ever says to you: "electrons aren't the thing that's giving energy". Since the clarification was never made crystal clear, I think many of us Physics grads have subconciously held onto both views of circuits and it can definitely become confusing if you don't work with them everyday. Seeing you actually perform this experiment and explicitly acknowledge every criticism was the perfect scientific way to react to it and the inner scientist in me was extremely happy to see it so thoughtfully layed out. Thanks man
Yep, I now can formulate error in previous video, you chose example target with resistance far less than line's impedance.
So my question is, how much time it takes before the full current starts flowing in the bulb?
Well, this is a brilliant follow up of an amazing YT video trap...
I think science is stupid and always wrong. Everything science has made, is junk and falls apart.
Oliver Heaviside’s work to correct the imperfections in the cross Atlantic telegraph transmission lines would be a great reference to early surface charge theory. Now let’s visit this description through the looking glass of AC theory and power transmission next! Throwing in some inductive and capacitive reactance into the mix.
It's a mistake to bring charge carriers into the discussion IMHO, it makes it seem as though the behavior is dependent on quantum effects, or even the discrete nature of electric charge. These phenomena (and any predicted by Maxwell's equations) are classical effects, true whether charge carriers exist or whether charge is a continuous medium. The actual motion of electrons (or any charge carriers) is secondary to the charge density and current density terms which serve as sources classically, and it makes the whole thing confusing when you throw in random mentions of solid state physics. Just look at the fact that people come away from the other video thinking about electrons carrying kinetic energy, something that, while physically true, does not express the dominant factors here (electromagnetic force, or for the field-purists out there, the electromagnetic field). Fundamentally, from a classical perspective, energy is simply a conserved quantity that appears in calculations, and the energy here is dominated by potential energy, not kinetic energy of charge carriers. That all being said, as a thought experiment, considering the behavior of the charge carriers in a circuit is interesting. Just remember that as soon as electrons come into the picture, you're in firm 'quantum' territory, and that's only useful for explaining phenomena that are dominated by quantum effects
Sincerely, I thought you did a vague video on purpose in the first time in order to spark responses, and honestly I was a little vexed... But I think this follow-up video solved it as a compilation of all the responses and an effort to see deeper in the topic. Congratulations.
I’d love to hear time dilation and relativity integrated into the explanation.
I still won't be convinced until you actually set up wire the length of one light second to prove these "claims" you're making! 😤
I watched the original some time ago, its worth being repeated because its a brilliant educational example.
I won’t belabor the response and just say: brilliant, outstanding.  This truly adds to human understanding, not because you’re the first to do so, but because of your platform and teaching ability.
I don’t understand much of this but I am convinced
Why don't we communicate stuff this way it's the fastest possible way of moving information right?
This means we already receive free energy from the Earth and Aether. Electricity Pylons are wired Tesla Towers
Regardless, it's STILL induced electron flow that is doing the job. You still have the two conductors close enough to each other for this induction to function (even though minute). But that effect falls off rapidly according the inverse square law. All this only works for conductors near to one another. Move the conductors several meters from each other and the whole thing falls apart. Thus what you are describing is not universal. It only works, to any appreciable extent, when conductors are relatively close to each other. That is important and something you never really emphasize. I think that is where most of the confusion and misinterpretation lies.   Of course, in the vast majority of real world cases, the conductors involved ARE right next to each other so the effects described work quite well In ordinary life.
Lets face it. Its magic.  On a serious note, yeah, defo a good thing you came back to fully explain it.
I’m way to dumb for this video
Okay wait wait but like this vdios and all the other vdios abt this topic from his 1st vdio that I saw explains DC but then how does AC work
I love all your theories, but I'm still right 😂
so that explains Tesla's wireless power I guess
This was more entertaining than watching Eminem destroy MGK’s career.
I feel good that you made this disclaimer but for me seems that the first video was incorrect. It gave the idea that the full current would be able to power the light and that's not the case. It appears to me that you are talking about induction and that make much more sense. I would include that in some way the gap between the power source and the resistor is acting like a conductor. What would happen if you seal the resistor inside a Faraday's cage? By the way... I'm a Brazilian engineer and a huge fan... Keep up spreading knowledge and curiosity.
Well, this really shocked ⚡me. ( hahahah ) I learned in high school electronics pretty much what was discussed in this video. We understood electo-magnetic fields pretty well. We even used this knowledge to repair TVs and other devices. What's shocking is in that, I learned this in the early 1980s and today its seemed to be overly simplified to the point that knowledge has been extracted.  I've notice this same effect when a friend of mine was taking computer programming classes in college that I was able to help him with his homework from knowledge I gained in high school. Its very clear to me that we have a basic education program that is broken and it's one size must fill all approach. I'm pretty sure this all can be traced to the political defunding of general public education. Sadly, I don't think that public education will be improved on nationally.
Loved it except the unecessary height of your powerpoles...
I freaking love this. I enjoyed all the videos made on this topic and feel like I finally understand how a simple light bulb circuit works
Bravo.  This is how real science gets done.  Question everything, and then question it again and again.
See, This is how scientific information needs to be spread. Not label view that disagree as "misinformation". When properly addressed, science is irrefutable, and a consensus can and will emerge. Till then, all dissent is just different people tackling the same problem from different angles.
electrons don't push each other, its charges that push electrons. but charges is an excessive electrons. yeah, logic.
from "-" to "+"!!!!!
@19:00 if I read your scope correctly, it's set on 50 ns per div, meaning it takes approx 70 ns for the main bulk of the power to reach the load, which is coherent with the 10 m wire length. But 1m/c = 3,3 ns, and the graph seems to show that it takes approx 10 ns for that 5V to set in?
you're just embarrassed you got OWNED by these folk
Working in electrical power engineering field everyday, I love this series! Electricity is so much more fascinating and amazing than most people realize
This was tough to understand as a normey, but by the end I understood it
Ben Watson - wow! You go kid
This was interesting but let me ask this question in regards to welding. Why don’t welders get electrocuted when they strike an arch as they join metal together? Can you please explain that phenomenon? Welding is used in industry every day of our lives.
The title of the video should have been "I was intentionally vague to generate online drama"
Connecting the battery alters the electrons before you even flip the switch. That blows my mind.
The video should have ended with a cameo with ElectroBoom getting shocked by the set up.
what is a field?
The way Ben Watsons face appears when his names mentioned lmao 😂
This experiment is not worth the wood it is built on.
knowing this about how essentially the information about what the field should be travels are the speed of friggin light, it's insane that we perform processes on a regular basis that can drive our 8gb RAM laptops to the limit, when each bit can not-travel so quickly. Really gives you an idea of the insane amount of data it takes to tell computers to do even simple things
awesome! May many young engineers and scientists follow you !!
I love this so much
I guess, it is very hard to admit that you were wrong...  You are still trying to explain something which is not right...   You had a theory, it was wrong; end of the story...   Why try so hard?
... Love you man ⚡
seems like you still wrong, if energy carried by fields around the wire entirely then immediately full energy must flow via resistor ( or bulb)  . that immediate voltage appeared across the resistor is due to weak fields leaking via air , this will appear even if you put separate conductor which is not a closed circuit . that voltage appeared could not even turn on a led because it appeared for really short period of time thus it does not even have energy enough to turn on an led , this explanation completely misleading .
Cunningham's Law at work, love it.
oh the controversy of electrons and fields, oh mai
Question:  If an electric field => magnetic field with time dilation, what happens if you accelerate the circuit approaching the speed of light?
Why are some people like electroboom so much egoistic and always so sarcastic towards something new? I don't get it what generation is this? Not everything has to be funny sometimes serious discussion can lead to quite productive conclusions a good example is Veritasium itself despite being made fun of he remained respectful and to the point. It seems emotions is what is driving this world nowerdays than logical sense and a good perspective.
Not quite sure what the surprise is. Current/voltage wave spreading along the “long line” generates  variable electro-magnetic field which in turn generates emf crossing any conductor on the way. What are you trying to prove? That electromagnetic field reaches the bulb earlier crossing the 1 m gap than along 300000 km wire? Any radio transmitters work this way. Why don’t you say that the ratio of power transmitted across the gap vs along the line depend on voltage and frequency? (For the sigle switching on this would be the sharpness of the front at the oscillogram you presented). Now you involve the “long line” simulation. Why don’t you say that the level of the transmitted over the gap power would depend on the distance between the wires? All in all - both videos are very confusing for non-specialists and may lead to the exactly misconception from a different angle, while for those having a relevant background no real misconception cleared out in both. I commented the first video as the biggest misconception about misconception - what I am completely lost with after watching both videos is what exactly you are going to disclose.. sorry.
I really liked the first thumbnail. I didn’t watch it till now because I didn’t have the time. Just because your videos are really information packed, you can’t always expect them to go great just when they’re uploaded. Let it sit for like 5 days, see how it’s going, then let it another 5 days, and then think if u need to change the thumbnail. I’m saying all this because I saw your video about thumbnails.
You should have bet $10k on this.
You did a great job of addressing misunderstandings people had about your video. It's always cool to see how there can be civilized and informed debate even on a platform like YouTube
it is funny that i allmost watch all the listed videos, thanks for your work it was a great insght. now i question if i make a pcb should the other side be always one polarity?
This is a phenomenal video, and I'm very thankful for it! There's a lot of misconceptions in electrical engineering that start out even at the lowest level and they really trip you up as you try to learn more.
Yea but have you ever seen an atom?
Great video, bro! BEST channel on youtube!
These videos should be shown in electromagnetism lectures at the university. Excellent work!  P.S. The very first thing that you say about the problem in the first video was that 'you have to make some simplifying assumptions'. I think the real problem here is that some people don't listen carefully ;)
thanks for such a brilliant video...!really appreciate your efforts...hats off
What bs, and nice attempt at regaining your dignity. You also still don't understand it, your interpretation is still off
Wait? This is how wireless charging works?
Nice video as always. What would happen if you put an EM isolation around the wires?
okay, I had to stop at the beginning to write this, I was literally waiting and waiting for weeks to come after that video, I looked at my physics books, articles and truthfully electrodynamics is hardly my strongest suit, so I'm glad that you are addressing the contends of that video.  p.s. this is so much fun.
2million views in a day. Well now. You most certainly have "sparked an interest". Well done mate. ✌️🇿🇦
in the low voltage world we use shielded wire a lot to avoid emf. so you have 2 shielded conductors that block emf will the light still turn on?
The dialogue that developed from the original video was great. I also thought it was overly aggressively phrased, but either way many of us learned a lot from it.
That was thorough. You indeed did get everyone thinking, which was the true intention in my humble opinion. . Great lesson.
Im about to take my physics 3 final on very similar topics today. Thanks for the review lol!
so, a square circuit of side lengths 1 light second (switch and bulb at center of opposite sides) would take the full second before any appreciable current passes through the bulb?
This is the best goddamn video veritasium has ever made! Excellent science!
It’s a shame this epic nerd fight did not end with somebody electrocuting themselves to death.
you realy need to investigate how radio antenna's work. there is a lot more information there.
And that was awesome. +1
Great follow-up!
Great example of how to handle an internet sh!tstorm.  Don't overreact, get defensive, and play the victim.  Just back up your case, ignore your most childish critics and dialog with your good-faith critics.
Утверждение на 5:04 требует доказательства. Из того, что в одном объеме количество положительно и отрицательно заряженных частиц одинаково, не следует вывод о равенстве кулоновых сил во всех направлениях.
this video slowly turns into an entire circuits class but in the best way possible
Qualified people arguing about something I’ll never understand
"better credential than I (have)". I'm saying half credit because the original implied the bulb will come full on and the resulting arguments were based on that assertion as far as I recall. If the assertion had been the bulb will come on a little in 1m/c and full on in loop length/c or loop length/2c, then you can get full credit.
Worst invention ever made.
My grandfather used to say the same thing as Rick Hartley , that the energy in the circuit is in the fields and you need to understand the physical lay out of circuit. He also said something interesting about gravity, that we needed to understand electrical fields to a much greater degree if we want to unravel the mysteries of gravity. He thought that we would probably be able to convert electrical fields to gravitic fields and create small nuclear fusion generators.  After seeing this video my grandfathers theory may be worth a second review.
In light of this, is it possible to be electrocuted without actually touching the conductor in the circuit? I would assume so based on airgaps in transmission setups.
This type of interplay of claims and counter-claims and debate is how science proceeds, though it was previously restricted to published journals. Great example in a video forum.
This is the best apology video I've ever seen.
I reckon it's going to come from the magnetic field
Regardless of who is right or wrong, your original video has greatly reshaped the way I think about electric current.  And for that it’s really cool that you are the type of person that gets us to reconsider things in general.  Without this creative thinking, we will all go nowhere….  Thank you
Excellent clarification but highly anticlimactic.
Neurons will give a understanding of all of this so easily  (Axons is a wire)
Problem is you said light a light bulb.  You set the problem up as a Newtonian problem then just jumped to quantum mechanics in your answer.
Your last video was a mistake, a wonderful, enlightening mistake. I call that a win. We learned something.
This is one of the most excellent videos that I have seen on this topic!  I am actually quite glad that your first video caused enough of a response wave for you to create this follow-up discussion.
Resubbed.
Transformers!
Matter and interactions! That was my textbook for Purdue's E/M physics course. Great text, great course. I'm actually surprised other texts don't cover the surface charge explanation!
what does this mean when it comes to insulated wires? what if you placed a large barrier between the switch and the bulb?
And now imagine THIS with all the fance animations was the way Nikola Tesla saw and intuitively understood electricity. And even if this statement were historically proven to be wrong I still like it.
The radio operator, Nick, pointed to the bare copper rods  high on the wall and said  that  the signal  passed on the surface of  the copper. I didn't  understand  40 years ago. I am not convinced  now!. I'm sure you are all clever lads and one day you can explain how a light works. Courage!
AVE often says, the best way to get information online, is not to post a question.  It is to post a wrong answer.
Nice video! But the beginning and small current should not be called "steady" although it can light up an LED. It is still in a transient state.
Besides the main subject of the video it shows how science actually works. Awsome work! Was fun watching the electrical engineering communities' reaction videos, and how the proving discussions unfolded. The world needs more discussions like this.
I get the feeling Vertiasium likes doing these controversial experiments, and I can’t blame him, it encourages scientific discussion
Redemption achieved.
Congrats on this video! I think that the people that knew the science behind the problem still got "mad" were so just because of the clickbaity nature of the problem itself. As initially presented, it seemed an artificially simplistic cenario just so one a counterintuitive answer could be presented. This video makes a much better job of presenting the science.  I think it was one of those videos where nuance got lost in the search for views. Paraphrasing that guy: as simple as possible, not simpler. Edit: I think one could even use this as segue for a video about polaritons, plasmons, phonons :P
I'm not a physician. The "fields" are photos right? So the photons have the energy. But the field flows around the cables, that's not how light behaves.
Your thumbnail is becoming more and more clickbaity, and although i get its your job and you must make an income, i do not appreciate you changing your thumbnail on every video if it doesnt do well enough… from “i did THE experiment” to “are you not convinced?” Both, while not literally blatant clickbait, it does achieve the same goal. I dont think your current method of gaining clicks should go unnoticed, however well made and interesting the content may be
As soon as you remember how radios work it seems obvious that power cycling a long wire will induce current in a nearby long wire. However, I and a lot of others I think thought it sounded like in the original video that you meant that with infinitely long superconducting wires that the induced current bridging the gap would be the same as the current carried through the full circuit. I think you would have gotten much less pushback if you had simply described it as a radio aerial, which it is.  With all that said, if you had said it in a way that got little pushback, then we wouldn't have had all this fantastic educational debate, which I think is the real point of your teaching style ;-)
Why is this a 20 volt source? Worried that your experiment has almost no voltage at 12 volts and can't drive the LED? Even at 20v, a current of 0.0028 amperes is minuscule. The real proof is 33 nanoseconds later.. when the energy of the Electrons arrives and the voltage hits 20 volts! Yes, Transmission Theory has valid points, but you are claiming that the electrons are "Passengers" and have no real involvement. The bigger mistake is being convinced that the power delivered by Transmission Theory is enough to power standard house appliances!  Not at normal voltages... and not at any real distances! If you want to prove Transmission Theory... fine, but don't shovel a bunch of BS about electrons not playing an important role because they absolutely do. If they didn't move thru the conductor, the field would simply be weaker and weaker as evidenced by your experiment.
In fairness, I've seen plenty of bulbs that look just like the original one you used that were LED too.
I used to think the way current flowed was by displacing electrons causing them to move but the explanation with the electric field is surprising and basically explains the propagation of the signal through the wire at the speed of light which otherwise wouldn't happen, it would be at the speed of the electrons.
2 million views in one day. Wow Derek you've come such a long way!
Man I'm annoyed that I don't think I rly got it... cause the way I understand it now is that by changing the outer electric field it also changes the inner field but if that were the case than how can the inner field, with the swich turned off, be 0 when the outer field isn't (and if someone reading this thinks thats a stupid question, than yea thats why I'm annoyed cause I already think its a dumb question but thats how I undersood it)
This is why I love Science. We don't have to accept something just because someone said so. So many people ran their own simulations and experiments and we all get a better understanding of reality.
Maybe you should have put  several bulbs, one on each meter of the metal cable, so that we can see, with a high speed camera, how the bulbs light up, meaning how the field enables to light up the bulbs
My mind explode
Much appreciated
Everytime he says "electric field", I have MGMT singing "Electric Feel".
Alpha Phoenix video was the best!
haha never thought I'd see rick Hartley in such a "mainstream" video, his presentations helped me a lot with PCB designs but the way the fields work is still hard to grasp intuitively.
Hello Veritasium, your videos contents are always entertaining. However, I am surprised that this topic became controversial where everything about such a simple experiment is well known in electromagnetic field theory. In academia, EE undergrads learn that transmission lines deliver energy in the form of waves (incident and reflected waves) NOT electrons! Also, there is a rich literature on transmission line theory which includes discussions on time delay for the wave to travel from one end to another. For example, take a look at something called transmission line bounce diagram.
Not Convinced
does this explain why you can get a shock when you are near high voltage transmission wires and holding something long and metal??
I'd love to see a video of a circular circuit
Not exactly what I’m thinking about while racking in breakers on a 12.6 switchgear, haha.
Fair play for admitting the shortcomings of your 1st video, and for doing a great follow-up! This was like an open-sourced problem solving exercise. Great to see collaboration happening in science!
This is nice 🥰👍
I’m curious, in the model with a loop and a long disconnected parallel line, would a bulb on the disconnected parallel wire quickly glow and then fade after the time it takes the field to move to the tips of the wire and back?
Veritasium for the Win!
Connect a car battery to the ears of a slow horse to make it go faster in Minecraft. It works with any animal.
This is an incredibly involved way to say that you have two antennas, an emitting one and a receiving one that are close
how about separating the cables even more? i don't disagree, i see the proof, but i would like to see more experiments
It's still wizardry.
thanks a lot for the video! I've also understood why I've been seeing my bedlight bulb giving the ghostly glowing when switched off, it's a led bulb
Electricity has always been a huge mystery for me... Even when in school and taking physics for majors and we had to do the electrical experiments... I was mystified... This video definitely helped explain why I was so mystified! Thank you for that. The thing that still confuses me... There's probably multiple things but the thing that I'm aware of that still confuses me... Is why does the electrical field move in the opposite direction of the energy flow? And how do we know that it moves in the opposite direction? It just seems like somebody arbitrarily decided that it was moving in the opposite direction and I suspect that must not be the case?  I also need to go and try to understand the difference between an electrical field and a magnetic field because I thought they were the same thing too 🤷🏼‍♀️  I don't necessarily expect you to answer my questions specifically... I just wanted to let you know that is somebody who has always struggled with understanding electricity that this video was really a lot more helpful and that it's still left a lay person with questions 🤣💜
You make interesting videos, but I think you missed the mark with the videos on electricity. This one is already way more accurate then the last one, but I think it could me much better. All this talk about surface charges and electric fields could be just described with the concept of voltage. Ever heard of electric voltage? Dude come on... reinventing electricity... At high frequencies (instantly switching on a circuit) voltages can easily pass large gaps (capacitors) and turn on lamps without physical connection. If you let the simulations run for a few more nanoseconds, there will be no energy left in the unconnected circuit. You say correctly that wires are more efficient at channeling electric fields, so why do you try to mislead us with that image of electric fields outside of the conductor. Electric fields outside of the conductor driven by a battery (DC electric currents) are totally irrelevant. Electrons do carry the energy. There is no electric energy transfer without electric charge (E = I * U). Watch the kurzgesagt video on lying in science communication, you are simplifying the wrong points.
Why wasn't this the first video? This is so much better at explaining the phenomenon and the point you are trying to make.
Great video and follow up. I think the first video, this video and the response from the internet and scientific community could be packaged into a "How Science Actually Works" course/video/pamphlet. With attacks on science spreading through various parts of modern society I think videos like this demonstrate key digestible concepts that could help demonstrate to skeptics why we love and trust the scientific method.
Maxwell equations in 3D... WOW... If only I could have seen that when I was studying electronic engineering
So while looking at the maxwell arrow diagram I noticed that the arrows on the 1/m apart wire were both going the opposite direction of the field on the originating wire. With that in mind with something besides a lightbulb that simply requires resistance, like a microchip with gates and instructions etc, would that cause problems? If the electrons are designed to flow in only one way and the flow starts in the opposite way until the strong field overwrites it, I would have to assume that there is some sort of fault tolerance built in otherwise you could end up with serious problems.
Redemption!
Really appreciate the care put into this video. I think everyone no matter who you are can get value out of this
Don't you sit there and tell me you weren't intentionally trolling Electroboom. You're too smart to not recognize an open invitation to come at you.
PISSING CONTEST!!!    **team veritasium ftw**
At least now the position of the switch is specified and is 1 m from the lamp 😀 Not like the 1st time
I had watched some of those response videos before. It was interesting to see how some people wanted a perfect answer. I'm really glad that you went back and answered the remaining questions. It helped me understand the concept even better. Thanks!
"How fast does electricity travel?" Google: 270 000 km/s Bing: Fast Youtube: make time for a 23 minute video plus another 23 to question the universe
I have been waiting for this video since Electroboom said your video was "wdooooooong"... Great!! Go Veritasium! Go Electroboom!
If the intuition you want is "How fast can I light the bulb?" Then 1/c is still the wrong answer. The limiting factor is the time for the surface charge distribution to form which IS light speed limited. Yes, after the surface charges are distributed, the time to light the bulb depends on the distance between bulb and switch. That's really cool and interesting. But when you are building the circuit the time to distribute the surface charges and build the electric fields is longer by many orders of magnitude, and the bulb still can't light until that happens first.
1. If the switch is opened after 1m/c seconds, what is the behaviour of the system (obviously theoretical as this cannot be tested at any scale)? 2. Am I correct in thinking the resitor/bulb will be active for a much longer time than 1m/c seconds when breaking the circuit after steady state has been reached?
Yaas queen 👑 spill the tea!
I need to know how you do this in Ansys!
the video has been up for 1 day or so and it already has 2m wiews and 132k likes WOW!
As a engineer myself, looking into electrical circuits in terms of fields was never taught to us, which sounds like bonkers.. But looking how this video created so much controversy, I am not doubting by university's decision to withdraw this information! We are supposedly not ready for the truth!!!!
I have a question. The flux of the eletrons is comingo from the negative side of the battery, but shouldn't they come from the positive? Assuming the place where negative charges comes from, becomes "positive".
How is 0.0028 amperes NOT minuscule?  Let me be clear... that is NOT many more magnitudes of power needed to drive a real LED at fully on or an appliance at fully on. Its simply a repeat of the same conclusions as before without recognizing that you are still making the same mistakes! Clearly if the circuit was interrupted at both ends the light would NEVER turn on fully. That is proof enough...   Why are you still trying to prove that Transmission Theory is the same as how power is transferred thru power lines.. it is NOT the same level of power... not even close at those distances.  The CONDUCTING WIRE and Movement of Electrons to mediate the Electric Field are required in common household electricity. Without it, all you have is "wireless" power, which is orders of magnitude weaker!
So Maxwell is right again. I knew it!
So wires always have electrons in them
Some of ur other stuff also has got problems which ppl will come up with soon or u will know
OK, I took the bait. While the explanation is techinically correct, the original video was definitely misleading, more like a trick question, and the explanation was not very clear. This video is better, but still wraps a fairly simple concept into a very complex explanation. Sure, the physcis behind that effect is complex, so is the physics of boiling water, if you looked at it at an atomic level. But it is not clear what you really gain from over-complicating the issue, other than millions of views.
Absolute confusion until 17:04
you lost me.
I wonder how much this lends credence to claims of Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity, since it pretty conclusively shows that the electrical field unquestionably extends away beyond the circuit. Magnify the size and quantity of circuits, and if someone has a physical sensitivity for whatever reason to that field, it *could* cause some kind of response, no?
At about 11:20 you say there is no field at all inside the conductor,  but wouldn't that only be true for a superconductor?
12:30 Keep going dude. As the saying goes, "Third Time's a Charm". Gee, what happened to the magnetic field above the upper wire? It seems to have disappeared and was reflected back down. Maybe that's why it's called electromagnetic radiation, they are inseparable. Not separate as you suggest. Both the Electric Field Strength and the Magnetic Field Strength fall off inversely proportional to the square of the distance. Claiming it's one is stronger than the other is just wrong. Try again.
The distance between the switch and the lamp in your current experiment is very large compared to the distance between the tow in your hypothesis where the wires of the circuit are 1c meters long and distance between switch and lamp is 1m exactly
No matter what this Maxwell guy says or what you say, Ohm's law is the law. It is trustworthy and uniting it with transmission line theory is all you ever need. However all this nonsense did get you a lot of views.
awesome!
How does this even surprise anyone? It's literally how radios work.
I noticed that the experiment used copper pipe while Derek kept calling it "wire".  I'm wondering how different the result of the experiment would have been if standard Romex wire was used like what what shown in the original video.
Nerdwars
..nicely done, Derek. Great deep-dive, plus your humility is endearing. 🧡  Will you also kindly revisit 'tests of SR', especially from the point of view of your video on the measurement of the one-way speed of light..? I have a(n embarrassingly long) comment sitting on that video in case you're interested. : )  Thank you..!
Much much better!  You cleared up admirably the confusions and misleading elements of your first video and, after thought, the simple fact that you stimulated so much thought and discussion, which is what science and engineering is all about, vastly outweighs my original criticism  Super well done
Amazing thank you
Perhaps since everything has a magnetic field, perhaps now we can influence those magnetic fields or properties of materials using this new logic. I wonder if this is a step towards antigravity through the influence of a conductive surface and its effect with gravity.
awesome!! i learn something new every day ⚡
Superb Derek, great video 👏
I love veritasium ❤
I was just getting used to thinking about circuits as water pipes. I'm gonna go ahead and continue doing that because I fear change.
Thank you for this great video, but one question why there must be a magnetic field to transfer energy through the fields according to what you said is enough to impress the electrons to hit the positive ions inside the electric field lamp caused by surface charges and batteries, so what do we need magnetic field in the sense of maxwell's disciple relationship that was in the previous video You said I was in trouble!
I love seeing theories in action!
I still don't get how electricity reaches the end first.
i wish the rest of the comment sections of YouTube is this forgiving and actually listening but nahhhh everyone pretends to be the better person here lol
Your right we dont need wires. This is also related to why a solar flare large enough to get through our Earth's protective magneto- and ionospheres  could fry electrical grids  and why historically one caused telegraph pylons to spark and shock telegraph operators in the Carrington Event. Enough energy was tramitted to those wires. etc etc. other science and electromagnetism that is but isnt relevant. Basically fields do the energy carrying.
Nobody: Big Clive: "Naughty Veritasium"
This is so awesome. To see the whole topic come full circle with so many people pitching in on the conversation is just the coolest thing ever.
Kind and awesome. (I for one, will anyway try to unlearn this so I can keep making circuits I think I understand :)
Science is most fun when shared amongst each other!
Technically, it would take a bit more than 1m/c seconds for the LED to turn on, but a lot less than than the time it takes light to go the full loop. 1m/c seconds is the lower bound for when the first "field line" could arrive at the light bulb truly 1 metre away from the battery. Almost none of the field lines go straight from the middle of the battery to the light bulb, so it would take more times for enough "field lines" reach their destination. But that's all semantics. I won't be like the people trashing you for using 1/c seconds instead of 1m/c seconds. Great video.
I admit I was wrong. Thanks for the videos, they've really made me wonder why we don't teach E&M like this
Great! Also, you could place the resistor and the battery at both the ends of the line (longer sides) and prove a longer distance of the source/bulb with the same circuit....
In the first part of the video Derek spends a lot of explaining that electrons don't flow through a circuit - that a water or marble analogy is incorrect - then proceeds to refer to 'electron flow' at several instances after that, and even shows bulk electron flow at 10:02. If electrons don't 'flow through the circuit," then please use a different phrase or description.
anyone else way out of their depth here? lol
Congrats, you just invented the radio. You should run for patent it because you are 150 years late
as a comp eng. major I remember spending hours trying to get intuition about how electrons are moving through a circuit with a battery. I remember googling around looking at forums, but never really getting a good explanation. This actually clears up so much. I wish they would go more in depth in basic physics textbooks so people like me don't have to waste so much time trying to get intuition.
Ok, I think I need a final bit of clarification. If you set up the experiment without the switch, and instead plug in the battery, will the correct answer be "1 second until light turns on"? It sounds as if the "faster than light (but not really)" effect comes from the fact that the wire is "prepped" by the battery, setting up the surface charge (which propagates at just under the speed of light)? Excellent video btw!
i liked the original i bet this one will be better
New thumbnail i see.
At the start of an engineering project, you must determine the least complex simplification that will still result in a successful project. To select more complex simplifications means you are wasting time. This is why no one hires an expert in particle physics to design a bridge.  Sadly, many people confuse the simplifications with what is actually going on.  The worst simplification, IMO, is "current follows the path of least resistance".
You still don't get it. The concept of "field" is a convenient abstraction for engineering calculations but isn't a good explanation of what's actually going on in a circuit, namely electrons being pushed through a medium in every direction through electrical pressure similar to water molecules by mechanical pressure in a pipe. This is why arcs occur, because electrons are literally being pushed through the wire (which we often simplify as the only path for electrons to take because it's such a less resistive path compared to surrounding air). You can invoke "field" like a Harry Potter spell a thousand more times and it won't change that.
When trying to make information accessible to everyone, there will always be some pedantic scientist somewhere that says you're wrong (I do it sometimes, too, since the urge can be impossible to resist).  By simplifying things where everyone can understand, the information will become imprecise.  Imprecision can lead to assumptions that become misconceptions.  That's just how it goes.  The initial information usually wasn't wrong, but the inferences  taken from it may have been.  So it is good to dive back in like this when finding one was misunderstood.
Dear Dr Muller your work and attitude promote scientific ethics on the internet. Excellent approach with dedication to the experimental method. Thank you very much for your contribution to the dissemination of the natural sciences.
My whole learning about Electricity was a lie, and Thanks for helping me to unlearn that stuff, and make me learn all this great stuff. Afterall the "greatest learning in life is to unlearn something incorrect".
Boomer for life!     JK This is a great channel.
It would be fantastic to first see your fixed wire loop separated by 1 metre, and you use the oscilloscope to measure the time delay, and then you put your wire in a circle and show us the difference in time since it now has to go across the whole circle instead of just one metre!
We live in a plasma universe, an electric universe. Electromagnetism holds the universe together, not gravity. Research Birkeland Currents.
Good job!
These two videos taken together are a fantastic example of your original thesis about scientific education.  I love it.
@Veritasium This was a nice explanation. Also in the illustrations in the diagrams it's explained why the current in the experiment is limited to 14 mA until the em field has traveled through whole loop. So it will first rise up almost instantly to a specific current and keep that until the em field has travelled over the whole loop only then the full power can be reach.   It's must be similar reasons to why a coaxial cable has a stable impedance independent of the length.
Well, basically this is what transformers do and the principle of induction. This is how electricity flows. In the transformer the wire is coiled up instead of kilometer away. A coil close receives the electromacnetic pulse without touching. It's basically an explosion of sorts, the more wire you have in one place, the bigger the bang. I dunno if that analogy is correct.
Could you do a video please about how neurons (mielin)(in living cells) itself and between each other signaling - about Na+, K+, ... pumps work, etc
I don't like how you managed to sound condescending when talking about this, especially about some of your so-called mistakes which really were just intentional vague assumptions. I've enjoyed this whole debate though. But I can't stand that tone anymore.
Very good video! Clears it all up very well. Thx
Does this also mean that every time a switch is flipped / a wire gets under electric current, wires in the near of that switch and that wire would also be (slightly) electrified?
Question: According to the models shown here, does this mean that wireless energy is virtually just as safe as wired energy? For common circuits that is.
I want my high school money back...
Great Video, but I am wondering how electric engineering is taught in the US. Exactly these facts you shown and explained where explained to me in my Bachelor of electrical engineering class in 3rd and 4th semester by Prof. Dr. Karl Mentz. If you want, I can send you the scripts of his course (as he is retired already) which are explaining in very simple detail how this actually need to be thought of.
It takes a partial second with ample voltage and current to illuminate that light bulb; a resistance ain't a bulb !
I mean... wow. I'm grateful to have learned this because I had no idea just how simplified the subject was.
Love it when physics casters get testy. All good fun. Let's have another.
are these like science diss songs?
wait this makes a ton more sense!
Full-screen!
hahahaha I love Derek. All those loser youtubers who think they are correct ended up being wrong AGAIN!!!! LOL GO DEREK!
Intresting theory
I've followed Derek for 10 years and he still finds ways to impress me, it is awesome to know more about those hidden details in our everyday lives that we ignore yet are great and interesting. Derek thank you for your incredible content and creative ways of explaining science!
Doesn't the coating of wires prevent magnetic field influences?
About the source of energy supplying the bulb, although it is true that it is not the electrons themselves but it is the electric field, but isn't the amounts of energy supplied not directly proportional to the strength of the electric field but the gradient of it, which is the potential? That even make more senses if you think more about it since the potential has the unit of energy?  Still I do agree with the fact that the electric field of the whole system is coming from the whole circuit.
This video was amazing. So amazing. I learned so much! This is the most I've learned on YouTube ever!
How did you make the assertion that it wasn’t simply caused by the magnetic flux changing?   What is the name of the physics law that dictates this “energy transfer”?  And if the wire were insulated, would that stop this effect?
Dammit.. NOooo the main actors are the electrons at those distances!... as evidenced by the fact that the light doesn't fully turn on until the electrons arrive. What part of this experiment are you not seeing?  You literally proved this. The electric field ONLY gives you a few milliamps of power... NOT EVEN CLOSE to what a real light bulb or appliance would actually need. You keep trying to say one thing based on an experiment that literally proves you are wrong! Yes, there is an electric field, and yes there is a magnetic field. But those aren't carrying the same level of power as when the electrons arrive in the wire. Now maybe you can convince me that the EM field in the wire is the real driver of power... but as i said... the majority is IN / any proximate to the wire. Not 1 meter away.
the practical experiment was great plus the simulations by various creators, I was easily able to understand the flow energy, and thank you for that.  but, I have also seen a problem. you tried to explain at 16:57 that the capacitance for t=0+ will allow a closed path way before the flow of electrons flows through entire circuit, but what if instead of a capacitor near to the battery and bulb, an inductor is assumed nearest. because in that instance, the inductance will initially behave as an open circuit. what should be theoretical reasoning to defend above question?
So cool to see the problem reframed and I loved the visual explanations from the simulations! This is the sort of stuff that makes me love science!
Oh, still banging on about this? I just dropped in to let you know I've unsubscribed. I get my BS from 5 minute crafts now ...which is never.
Why do they have to do this experiment at such height that they need to climb a ladder?
why did you put the circut high up? seeing that scope on the ladder gave me major anxiety lol
Very shocking.
16:35, I believe you mean a perfect conductor, not a superconductor. The difference is the Meisser effect (this is a common physics PhD student qualifying exam question)
Great video about something I will still never understand. Thank you
23:34 Nonton YouTube Lanjutin The Armchair Historian How Yugoslavia Liberated Itself In WW2 23:51 Ayah keluar kamar Turun kebawah terus masuk Kekamar 23:52 Veritasium How Electricity Actually Works 00:00 Turun kebawah kekamar Mandi
Yep - Rick Hartley... he and Eric Bogatin are gods within the EE/PCB layout community.   We PCB guys knew what you were talking about in the first vid.  When dealing with high-speed signals, you really need to think in fields and not so much in electrons moving around.
Please make video on RSLV please
How does DSL internet work?
I don't get it. Pls explain it for dummies
I think Derek needs to clear up 2 things:  1m/c is the time to get ANY change in voltage, not to turn on the light bulb  The majority of the change in voltage comes from the wires, and moving the light further from the resistor would change than ratio.  I would have liked to see a repeated experiment (the only way to be scientific), with varying distances. Also a better analysis of the nanoseconds for change in voltage
I follow you from Iraq
I knew it was the electrogremlins all along! Finally, someone exposes the truth!  Update: this is a betrayal. The gremlins are coming for you, Derek.
My Comment on ElectroBOOMS reply video  Free energy is when you put one video in and receive back a multitude of videos, pro, con or alternating. :) The energy was in the line as soon as the battery was connected.  Probably it would build up near the switch as the closest point to resolution of attractiveness.  With a line that long, most of the battery would be depleted, before the connection was made, just to charge the length of line?  With the fields in the wire would it not be like an electron rail gun as the fields collapsed?  Maybe more like a Jewel Thief when the switch closed?   Just casually interested.j
and this s why you can't have nice things. great stuff, but illumination and more confusing, but appreciated, gotta keep science honest!
Well said
Amazing
Different thumbnail ? I guess I watch it now
Why you change name and thumbnail? wasn't getting enough views lol
10:15 if this is the case we should probably stop talking about electrons at all in elementary science. They're just a causal cog. A drive shaft. Its like talking about road signs when explaining how trucks move freight. Road signs don't carry the freight.
It is all nice and clear, I just wonder: If I put a test electric charge inside the loop of the circuit (outside the wires) is it subject to Coulomb's force? Based on this all it obviously is, but it feels weird... XD
You stirred the bee's nest and we all partook of the comb.  I'm a cell biologist that dabbles in electronics and was a field technician a long time ago.  I had little knowledge that fields worked that way before your first video but I did observe some spooky phenomena while experimenting with SW radio.  Thanks!
Ok. What about a circuit with a battery and light on opposite sides of a circular path one light second in diameter? Would this make the initial electric field that travels through space match the one travelling through the wire, such that the answer changes from 1m/c to 1Sec?
This is great to know. I wish they would have at least exposed this to me in school when I was a kid.
This is what happens when you come at the king.
step 1: make a vague and misleading video about how everything you learned in school is wrong, and how reality is more mystic  step 2: wait for the inevitable controversy and response videos, which generate further clicks on your video  step 3: make a response video that still doesn't fully explain the issue, generating more videos  step 4: ???  step 5: profit  you've truly mastered the art of clickbait and somehow managed to convince people it's analogous to peer-reviewed science. lol
So the initial effect is more like from an antenna and receiver?
Imagine how much less views this video alone would have got
For a long time I've been getting less and less willing to try deepening my knowledge on physics, more specifically anything related to electromagnetism. In short, because it simply didn't sink in. I'm a quite easy learner in a ton of different subjects, but I usually only learn holistically, otherwise it gets way harder to me, that is, if I don't get _why_ things are the way they're explained. Electric circuits always seemed like pure models, which I couldn't get why *exactly* things were like they are. This observation on the fields' involvement makes a lot of sense and difference to what I remember to learn, in many different places.   This is quite revolutionary to me, as I've always felt like it wasn't real uninterest, as much as it were a difficulty to understand the real beauty of the subject. Thank you Derek, this is what a truly good professor means to me.
Sure. Too many buts.
nerd
This nerd controversy + Blackbird nerd controversy + Poynting aptonym = pure science joy
Mindblowing
Why can't we just all agree that it is magic?
Excellent work on shining a light on this complicated subject.  hehe. I think a difficult thing about this is that the origin of the fields *is* the charges, but those fields direct how the charges accelerate.  It's a feedback cycle.  The Coulomb force is negligible when the charge density is 0, but that's not necessarily the case when wires go around bends and corners. When we look at a corner, we find non-0 charge density on the outside of the bend.  This charge disparity redirects the electric field around the corner, keeping it "in" the wire.  We see the same non-0 charge density on any non-spherical equipotential surface in the electrostatic case, as well.
nature is beautiful!
all my confusions from my childhood in how does electricity flows from far-away power grids to my home and even alternating back and forth 50 times a second! i am completely grateful for Veritasium. i am excited that this and other healthy discussions bring people from all over the world..
I’m starting to hate that you change the title and thumbnail to these videos shortly after release. Something about it feels dishonest and manipulative, all the while you’re smiling in the thumbnail. Please consider stopping doing this
Although there are no technical errors in the facts presented; there is general impression that whilst the energy travels through the field  that this is primarily outside the cable. This is shown explicitly by the Maxwell's Equations simulations. To give this impression is not a fair representation of the facts; for which I present two arguments.  First, the simulations and the experiment itself refer to transients when the switch is closed. This is completely true and if analysed as frequencies this relates primarily to very high frequencies. The edge shown at 19.07 has a rise time of about 5ns (50ns/div) which suggests components above 200MHz. In this sense, when viewed either as a lumped transmission line model or simply as an antenna then everything explained is correct and true. The energy is contained in the field which at these frequencies has significant power contained in the area surrounding the cables. The cables and the surrounding air make up a combined system. This is NOT the case, however at DC or much lower frequencies. Indeed, the PCB designer presentation given at 21.30 is out of context as this only relates to signals which contain frequencies of interest. These PCB rules are irrelevant for a DC circuit (although decoupling of transients IS important in many DC supplies to distributed systems of ICs - but that is not the point here).  Secondly, the presentation does a superb job (one of the best I've seen) to highlight the relationship between the analysis of Maxwell's Equations and the lumped circuit analysis. This extends to a microscopic/macroscopic linkage between V and E and I and B. Whereby the Poynting vector E X B is equivalent to V * I making the transmission of power in this way evident. Similarly, the dB/dt and dE/dt terms, when considered against dI/dt and dV/dt make the yet more important linkage between ε and C and μ and L. This really leads to the crux of the analysis.  When the transients (higher frequencies) are considered the terms in dB/dt and dE/dt dominate, and the Poynting vector is indeed primarily in the air around the cables; this is all correct. At DC, however, the values of dE/dt and dB/dt vanish and the dominant factor is the current density J. Combined with the voltage potential in the cable this becomes the dominant carrier. Indeed, any field in the cable itself will be extremely small, but as the resistance is small the current density will be very high by comparison. In this scenario the power is most definitely transmitted in the cable, B and E still have important values, as will the corresponding Poynting vector but they will be constant and the value of B and thereby its magnitude will depend only on the current density INSIDE the cable.  None of this is new, indeed the 'skin effect' covers the transition from DC through intermediate frequencies and describes the mechanism whereby the current density having a uniform cross section of a cable at DC slowly migrates to the outside of the cable as the frequency increases, venturing outside as illustrated in the presentation at high frequencies only. Ultimately, of course, if we only consider high frequencies at the moment of closing the switch (as in the presentation) the nearby parts of the circuit become an antenna, and the rest of the circuit - whether it extend to Mars and back becomes irrelevant.  So; the presentation wasn't wrong, but it could be misleading. It would be easy to ask "Why do you need the cables at all?", which of course is a nonsensical question. Completely true for frequencies so high that the electromagnetic wave carries all the energy (such as visible light), although in this case the wave is not normally directed. The particular set-up provided the wave-guide to support power transfer through the vacuum. But it is important to see that this is the exceptional combination of frequency and waveguide. The pedestrian scenario of a circuit and a lightbulb do not lend themselves to this viewpoint in their normal DC environment; in which the current density within the cables is essential. For this reason I do think the presentation is correct but in many ways misleading.
this may explain the claim of Nikola Tesla
Excellent explanation.  More importantly...you have integrity.  Respect.
as an electrician, this information dose not help me in my job, so I do not need to know this mush information, but it is still interesting
I don't get why it was big old copper pipe with 2x4s high in the air. I think someone expensed building materials and a ladder that went out the back door at CALtech for someone's reno. Could have all been done with a spool of wire. *cough cough* Alpha Phoenix
Do you consider yourself to be a good person? Most people do. However, most of us differ as to the definition of "good." The Bible says that God is good, and the Ten Commandments are His standard of goodness. So, we will look at God's Law . . . With a tender conscience, ask yourself if you have obeyed the following:   You shall have no other gods before Me. (Have you always loved God above all else?) You shall not make yourself an idol. (Have you made a god in your mind that you're more comfortable with, a god to suit yourself?) You shall not take God's name in vain. (Have you ever used God's holy Name as a cuss word?) Remember the Sabbath Day, to keep it holy. Honor your father and mother. You shall not murder. (God considers hatred to be as murder). You shall not commit adultery. ("Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart" Matthew 5:27-28; this also includes sex before marriage). You shall not steal. (Have you ever stolen anything? the value of the item is irrelevant). You shall not lie. (Have you lied even once? Including answering these questions). You shall not covet. (Have you ever jealously desired what belongs to others?) The Bible says that God will punish all murderers, rapists, thieves, liars, adulterers, etc. He will even judge our words and thoughts. On Judgment Day, will you be found to be guilty or innocent of breaking His commandments?   Perhaps you think that God is good, and will therefore overlook your sins. But it is His goodness that will make sure that murderers, rapists, thieves, liars, etc. receive justice. He would be a corrupt Judge if He turned a blind eye to injustice. Have you kept the Commandments?   The Bible says that the Law is perfect. It commands you to be perfect (Matthew 5:48). Are you perfect (in thought, word, and deed)? Will you make it to Heaven? You may say that you are still good, but God says you're not (see Psalm 14:2-3). So one of you is lying, and the Scriptures tell us that it is impossible for God to lie. Remember that all liars will be cast into the Lake of Fire (Revelation 21:8). God's Law demands justice, and the penalty for sinning against Him is death and Hell. Listen carefully if you want to live.   God Himself made a way where His justice and His goodness could meet. We broke the Law, but He became a man to pay the fine. Jesus suffered and died on the cross to satisfy the Law. God can forgive us and grant us the gift of everlasting life! But you may still think that you can (from now on) keep the Ten Commandments. But isn't it true that the best of us have lied, stolen, lusted, hated, failed to love God above all else, and failed to love our neighbor as ourselves?   How can we then, live a "good" life if we have already sinned against God? At best we are reformed liars and thieves . . . but still Lawbreakers. Think of it this way - would you sell one of your eyes for a million dollars? Would you sell both for $50 million? I'm sure you wouldn't. Your eyes are priceless, yet they are merely the windows of your soul. What then must your life (soul) be worth? With these thoughts in mind, what would be a fair price to pay for everlasting life? It is utterly without price. Yet, if we trust in our own goodness to enter Heaven, we are saying to God, "I should enter Heaven because I have done good - I have earned my way in."   Imagine if you wanted to give me a brand new (very expensive) car, but I said, "I can't take it! I feel embarrassed receiving such a gift . . . here's 10 cents for it." I'm sure you would be very insulted by such a pathetic offer of payment. Besides, if I pay for it, it is no longer a gift, it's a purchase . . . it's mine by right.   When we talk of entering Heaven by being good, by trying to keep the Ten Commandments etc., we are tossing God 10 cents of "self-righteousness," which is a terrible insult to Him, in the light of His sacrifice. The only thing we can do is humble ourselves, repent of our sins, and receive the gift by trusting Jesus Christ alone. Almighty God demonstrated how much He loves you when Jesus suffered for you on the cross. If you want to trust in your own goodness, then you are saying His agonizing death on the cross was in vain. The Bible says, "For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God." You cannot earn a gift.   When Jesus said to "believe" on Him, He was saying we should have faith in Him, in the same way you would trust a parachute to save you when you jump from a plane. You don't merely believe in the parachute - you put it on. Please don't "jump" without Jesus. If you die in your sins there is no second chance. God will give you justice, and you will end up in Hell forever. Any troubles you have at present are dwarfed by the trouble you are in with your Creator. His wrath abides upon you (John 3:36). God doesn't want you to go to Hell. Neither do you want to go there, so confess your sins to God right now, put your trust in Jesus to save you, and you will pass from death to life. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. (See John 14:21). Your obedience to God is the proof of your love. Have faith in God, He will never fail you.   Pray something like this:   "Dear God, today I turn away from all of my sins (name them). This day I put my trust in Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. He is the only way for me to be saved. He is 'The way, the truth, and the life.'" Please forgive me, change my heart, and grant me Your gift of everlasting life. In Jesus' name I pray. Amen."
GigaChad
Derek’s first vid and the subsequent critiques are what convinced me to subscribe to Veratasium and devour all his past presentations.  Derek’s integrity, accuracy, and open-mindedness won me over as a trustworthy and authoritative souce, which are extremely important to me, and no doubt, others.  Nice work. As usual.  My only complaint?  Not enough time for him and his team to create more content.  You’ve done so much to expand my brain and comprehension.  I’m pretty fussy regarding my subscriptions, and Veratasium has been a true gem for me.  Thank you, Derek.
Thank you for making this video. This is exactly how I explain electricity and magnetic fields to my physics students!
tldr we simplify things in educated life and complicate things in personal life
You should have a reading of the opposite slope was there a delay as well?
choice educator! bad ass
It is much more complicated than I every thought.
You should have repeated the experiment with the circuit broken at the far points to show that you get the same initial voltage until information has had time to travel and then it stops. Just for completeness. I think Alpha Phoenix did that in his video. Or he just explained what would happen. His video was great and it's great that you shouted him out
The electron drift direction at 16:50 is contradictory to 7:04 given the positive and negative terminals.
Im not gona brag But I immediately though of this When i saw your first video about this topic. 6:40 "Instantaneous" Aka charges were already there.
Thank you so much for addressing the confusion stirred by your last video (I almost didn’t click on this one) on this, and for doing such a fantastic job delving in and elaborating for clarity! I love how you included other really informative perspectives from people such as AlphaPheonix and other youtubers/engineers. I felt your last video was misleading and oversimplifying, but you’re absolutely right that it prompted an amazingly productive discourse on the matter between youtube science communicators, and it led to this fantastic video. I admire the way that you hold yourself accountable and acknowledge mistakes (though you seldom make them), your honesty and diligence in pursuing clarity of understanding is a mark of a great teacher and one of the many reasons I love your videos.
I wish I understood
That is awesome! “Energy” transferred by field with the help of wire to channel. We learn more if we have different views. Brilliant!
Man this dude is legend!!
I was a little disappointed that you included ElectroBOOM in your video.  This is a man who shocks himself as a form of entertainment.  Electricity kills.
I think you are a genius. And you're always correct, except you believing that an energy is transmitted via a poynting vector in a DC circuit. In a DC circuit there is no traveling wave, so how can any energy be transmitted?  In an AC circuit, though, the transmission lines act as a waveguide and a traveling wave does exist, thus a Poynting vector is applicable in this case.
This video is similar to listening to my older brother talk about silicone wafers he designs as an EE and a CE. I can only follow the information so far then its like listening to a foreign language you don’t understand.
Getting people to tell you youbare wrong and getting debates going is AWESOME!!   TRUE engagement and critical thinking, etc.   😊🤘🏻
i miss the old veritasium. i've been into science and physics my whole life and this is the first time one of your videos made me feel bad. this explanation makes the last video feel like a trick question. this information is so high level and niche it sounds like magic after a while. this video is too complicated to be entertaining (or even informative). i know my intelligence should not dictate what videos you make but recognize i'm probably not alone feeling lost the whole way through this one.
This whole video saga is a great example of the 'Anchoring bias', where the first piece of information received is used a lens to view all further information. Your initial presentation of the thought experiment with concrete objects immediately rose red flags in the minds of people who believe they have a good understanding of such concrete objects. They spent the rest of the video trying to reconcile their previously held beliefs (or assumptions, or even experiences) with the first idea they were presented (the car battery and light bulb), completely missing the in-depth explanation of what the model was supposed to represent. Even watching a second time wouldn't help, because their mind was already made up that the first information they received was wrong and therefore further information was irrelevant, or must also somehow be wrong.
Well, still waiting you admit that you were wrong when I explained you you were wrong in the previous video, so I dont think you will admit it now, even if implicitly you explained your errors of the previous video
thank you for the video.  I learnt a lot. I was taught at university that the EM field carried the energy and that it travelled at the speed of light.  The coaxial cables we used in timing circuits  were actually labelled by how long a light signal would take to travel down it. So for example a 1 ns (nanosecond) cable was about a foot long.
great video <3
I'm really glad you gave the repeated shout-outs to AlphaPhoenix. His channel is amazing. He's such a great teacher. I hope he continues to work hard for the benefit of humanity. You as well Derek. As you said, you may have felt somewhat 'mistaken' in your execution, but you invited so much community interaction. I think we're all a bit smarter because of it.
you are misleading millions of people to satisfy your ego
every junior electrician knows that wires conduct electricity to other nearby wires. thats why pcb design is a diferent challenge from an ideal circuit design. but your attempts to be apologetic and justify your experiment is misleading to any person without electrical circuits knowledge. Good job at trying to save face, but I feel sorry for all your viewers who are going to get a wrong understanding on general electrical circuits. I guess your fragile ego is more important than giving useful knowledge to your audience.
I watched every video like a 5 years old boy watches their parent argue about politics
Thanks for the great explanation but, and please excuse my ignorance, how do you know this? Is this just the latest theory or did someone actually "see" this happening with for instance an electron microscope? Thanks again for the great presentation Derek.
The sad part is you did a brilliant job with the first video. All of the negative response videos where done by people whom are technically competent but did not heed the message. They were unable to look past their own understanding.
A serendipitous mistake invoking a plethora of useful discussion and videos from the STEM community. Great job man!
the reason that you know, ..............that your supposition is correct, (..................is because it coincides with everything you believe.....) .............have a nice day.
Honestly this didn't do a good job of clearing anything up. The question is really just whether your hypothetical lightbulb can be turned on with just an antenna or not. Most people assume no, because that's how regular lightbulbs work. Sometimes defining the problem more precisely is more important than giving an elaborate explanation.
This is crazy to think that our lives are in hands of machines that we do not fully understand
I'm blown away
E لان الالكترونات بلا كتله ، ويختلف توقيت الاشعاع داخل اللمبه فيحال كان السلك "الماده الموصله" مشحونه مسبقاً ام لا.
This is similar to Dr. Eric Bogatin's explanation of the first Veritasium vid.
I’m still a little confused why there’s that first moment “little charge” and then the normal charge a second later?  I thought he was saying that the energy is passed straight through space due to the field, so why would there be a difference after a second?
no masks is pretty cringe ngl
So i'm curious if I'm understanding this, this all works because the wires are not insulated? And in a more normal case, where wires are insulated, the field would be suppressed into the wire, or at least severely lessened?, and so it wouldn't "jump" the gap, and instead travel down the wire resulting in a result that's in line to the misconception of the preconceived notion of electricity traveling down wires?
This is so silly that engineering minds questioned Derek. Do none of these folks understand the principals of induction. This is quite simple to understand if one understands that principal. The real question is what distance does the EMF become negligible for measurement. That is a number that has real world ramifications.
How has it already been 5 months since then?
This is a great further explanation in that I understand the more general aspects of the first video, but not well enough to understand why most of the responses were wrong. I feel like I actually get it now and I def didn't before
I think first video was also enough to understand! Everyone knows energy flows in the field.
Damn,it was simple, but now.......... the truth is hairy!!!
Just here for the grade A scientifically produced clickbait that’s workin great! I felt so intrigued and have no idea what I’m not doing, but whatever it is I’d like to!
As an electronic engineering student I say to you  "Thank you so much" this video is so clarifying. Made me understand electricity way deeper.  Thanks a lot. And greetings from Argentina.
If you had a potentiometer on the far end of that circuit setup, would the lightbulb light up prior to current being detected on the far end then? Wild
the transmission line short circuit current convinced me almost immediately lol
yoo wait a minute- tesla was actually onto something by this logic.
I usually have no trouble understanding math and science concepts but electricity is one subject that always baffles me no matter how many explanations I see. I understand that connecting wires from a source to a resistor like a lamp makes it work but only as far as that.
Your ability to teach information via non-intuitive divisive methods is astounding.   Thank you for the video. I never understood this until now.
I replaced the Rectifier/Regulator  on my motorcycle yesterday.. It  was a success, and the v4 engine sprang to life once again, after a month of inactivity. My joy was immense, I felt like I had accomplished something monumental.. In my fevered mind, I was Nicolai Tesla striding through the electro ether, or something.. Then I watched this video, and my ridiculously inflated ego trip is totally obliterated. You've completely ruined my illusions. In all seriousness though, this some very clever stuff...revolutionary even.  You could be looking at a shift in how humans understand energy transmission. If the right people acknowledge it. And intrinsic to this, there might even be exploitative shortcuts within systems to more efficient energy generation. I have to applaud. I hope you get the recognition you deserve. And this way of thinking can be properly incorporated into man's understanding of electromagnetic forces. As ever, amazing video.
You did it on purpose.  Admit it.
This is by far one of the best videos this platform has ever seen
I have exactly two problems with the original problem. The bigger one is the 1/c seconds. That's not "casual use of units", that's simply wrong. Units matter. The first thing I did when confronted with the question was do a dimensional analysis of the multiple choice answers and rule this one out. It just sucks when your "correct" answer is wrong. The second was that it wasn't clear that not "the" current arrived, but "a" current. I fully agree, it is a significant current, it is surprising and interesting and makes for a good video, but it felt like you were explicitly asking for the Lumped Element Model of the current, the current that one would calculate from the battery's voltage and the components' resistances.  But thanks for the follow up. Clarification was needed, clarification was provided, and insights were had.
so if the bulb and switch was on either end of the circuit what would happen ?
There was no fault in the first video at all. It was the lived dream of each physics teacher that people actually question, discuss and understand the stuff and not just believe something. That’s what science is all about.  Congratulations!
Great way to explain circuit. Never stop your thinking on basics.
Every time you make a counter video it's always the same story: "bUt aCtUalLy, I didn't mean it like that, I meant it like this so it makes sense." Its always a problem of clarification according to you.
I love that Derek sparks so much conversation and sharing of Knowledge unintentionally 🧡 Sometimes mistakes hold the true value.
this channel just gets worse and worse
The shifting of goal posts.
How about a circuit in which the wires pass in the middle at a right angle instead of being parallel?  You’d have two quarter-circle loops to complete the circuit.  However, I’d predict that your coupling between the switch and the adjacent load resistor would be much smaller, perhaps negligible.
I like your funny words, magic man
Probably a better explanation to this on undergrade courses is when traveling waves are explained, which is a more accurate model than distributed parameters (it is distributed parameters at differential level). But such topic is not reached in all branches of EE
'We live in an imperfect world, thank goodness so many try to do their best.' We have over 8,000 comments and increasing!!! This is a silly little statement but incredibly true.  Our ignorance and our struggle to overcome and succeed is amazingly wide spread. Derek you have shown more than an explanation.  I could say you illustrate the power of free thinking democracy compared to the stifling dictatorships.  Silly but true at this point in 'our times'.
E
This was GREAT, I bow my head before you Derek <3
you should not explain something perfectly on purpose more often haha
Great video!
In this video we learn more about practically RELEVANT physics as in ALL videos about the big bang or black holes that show nice illustrations and the same stupid false pictures and animations. As a physicist myself I'm very unhappy about how the typical media report about physics today. These reports and even films make physics look like an irrelevant "freak-show" about cosmology.  What I love about this video is showing real physics (electric field vectors, magnetic fields, ...) and stuff that is usually growthy simplified in school. We need much more of these videos and much less videos about black holes, the big bang, or the expanding universe. The success of such videos (12 Mio clicks already) shows: there is big interest in these topics. It would be great if the authors would be supported from the budgets that many governments around the world waist for public TV productions. In the US that is that much the case but in many European countries this is the case. In the US the government should also spend more money to help independent creators, so they don't depend so much on the Google / YouTube ad system. The corona pandemic has proven: people that don't understand modern science, e.g. the development of mRNA vaccines, refuse to be vaccinated.
It would be interesting to explore having changing the shape of the wires would change the results. I'd be particularly interested in the same perimeter sized square and circle with respect to his rectangle shaped circuit.
This content is one of the best you can get on any medium.  Great channel.  Great video
Team trees is a joke
I've watched your videos for years and this is probably my favourite one that you have put out since the very beginning! Thanks Derek! It's all fascinating! :)
It will be interesting to see if the same persons that balked at the original even respond to this update
Top Tier content
So it is safe to say, that faster than light communications are possible, you just had to had cables connecting the two spot
Lets see the response videos to this!  Then I make up my mind :)
My engineering biases are showing. I thought the initial thought experiment made sense based on the description of the field model but I can see now that with less physics background it would be harder to understand. I appreciate the follow-up since it seems like it did a great job of getting more detailed and the models visualized stuff I've only learned conceptually before, which is great.
IT specialist here. The nearby wire not connected to the main circuit is a great explanation on why interference between unprotected lines, or even information bleeding (emissions) is possible
i already watched another guy do this experiment and not only 10m, he did a whole km if I remember correctly (it was months ago), and he did this all to prove youre a goof, and he did,   and now youre just copying his video literally, because youre such a goof, seriously stop goofing so hard, you goof.
Are you not entertained?
I'm so glad that this whole controversy happened because this video made everything a lot clearer. Great video!
I love seeing a scientific community at work. People strongly disagreeing over reality, but doing it without frothing at the mouth. Eventually Y'all arrive at the truth.
I see a potential equation here. Has fast can a bulb be switched on and how bright. Relative to the distance from the switch. And charge intensity of the electric field. It's all most like the electric energy is racing to fill a void in nuclear field.
What a wonderful era of knowledge we are living in. I sincerely hope we as a species can do well. :)
This js why I'm a musician and not a physicist. Very interesting video though :)
Big fan btw, love the channel, I just think this was a bit of a click bait and internally vague first video to set up comments and a second video to monetize an unclear assertion.
Lost me around 6-7 minutes in. I feel like I understand electricity less now. That's probably on me.
Electricity is an electromagnetic hybrid similar to light. But unlike light electricity needs mass to travel.
I think the key to the explanation is that their cannot be conductance without resistance. Conductance = 2e^2/h. Resistance = h/2e^2. E = IR refers to the impedance of the circuit and -1/2PifC the capacitive reactance and 2PifL the inductive reactance.
What continues to bother me about your explanation is that you both discard electron flow AND depend on it.
The vague nature of the first video seems intentional to induce greater commentary which then is the precursor to the second, more detailed "reveal" video. Stating the question more clearly in the first video would have eliminated all debate. Anyone who has received any training in electron theory understands this effect to be the case. What you are seeing is the same functionality of all transformers and is no big secret/ mystery. But you have intentionally made it sound otherwise in the first video. The effect only happens during the ramp up and ramp down of energy flow in a DC circuit, which is technically AC, even in a DC circuit, until steady state is reached. When a changing current (AC) is applied to one of two conductors running parallel to each other, a current will be induced in the other conductor. This is how a transformer or inductive charging across an air gap work. And why we use shielded cable for certain circuits. The light is just an indicator, it doesn't need to be there.  The oscope makes it more obvious what you are referring to. Intentionally vague and misleading first video leads to more comments and a follow up video, which gives the channel more youtube credit. I am aware that I am participating in the very scenario I am describing.
So in other words, I still do not understand electricity.
Very impressive. I was among those who thought the initial current would be negligible, but it seems that I was wrong. One thing though--are the time axes on the oscilloscope manually aligned? As in, isn't it kind of a problem that the oscilloscope itself will receive the signal with delays comparable to the delay between the closing of the switch and the turning on of the light?
8 years ago, I took EMF and then microwave engineering. The lather changed on a fundamental level how I think about electric field, resistors, voltages and current. I had a very hard time grasping all of it and I am sure a lot of people here also will. Which is fine, for those that do, It is a beautiful experience.
Bravo to Derek and Veritasium team for great scientific discourse and analysis!  Is Derek secretly super informed on AKT Assis and Weberian model of electric currents in a field?  Veritasium is very exceptional, again BRAVO to you all!
Bro i need some help for the experiment i think can we make room cooler by removing heat air on ceiling only with some kind of absorbing pipe like glider glyding on thermals cool air comes automatically towards the absorbed place
Lamp, bulbs grow in the ground
Seems you did a bit of reframing...
One reason I like Derek is he is happy to admit when he is wrong. I think thay is such an important thing, and on top of it he even takes credit for people miss interpreted the video.  That's why I trust him and continue to watch is videos
The short of it is Nikola Tesla trying to get wireless power wasn't a silly idea, just ahead of its time and without the explanation
Great video and discussion.  Could think of this as equivalent to a spark gap radio wave generator.   I suspect and appropriate sized capacitor across the switch would eliminate the effect.
If there where a low Ohm load, this first step should vanish almost completely and this shows, the energy needs 20m/c=66.6 ns. (This can be seen on the scope) The energy travels in the field at *very* close proximity on the surface of the wire. It travels also inside the wire, when the current is stationary  otherwise it would not become hot inside. Only at high frequency the skin effect comes into play..
Sounds more like RF than DC to me, but I am not an electrical engineer.
Thanks for the detailed breakdown, I always use the lumped model for our Electronics Technology students... great job. It definitely inspired a lot of debate on the interweb and youtube
I knew this was coming
You should call your channel as "The paradigm shift". Jokes aside, great video as always. I am just curious to know how fields from two different circuits placed closed to each other would interact?
Between this video and the last one, I just took a course on electrical principles for mechanical engineering.  Suddenly I understand everything, and it feels so wrong.
You did fine the first time!  Anything can be infinitely criticized if you engage "infinite pedantism." It's called the problem of infinite regress and it's an interesting topic related to applying Goedel incompleteness (and some of Tarski's work) to the human mind from an re-engineering perspective necessary for advancing AI. A useful general purpose intelligence needs arbitrary halting and break points to avoid falling into infinite regress. (we need imprecision... remember your analog computing videos)  Useful brevity and concise explanation are necessities of - not just communication of understanding - but decision making processes. Sometimes you gotta just say to a pedant "It's turtles all the way down" or they will suck you down into the infinite loop where no forward progress occurs. Some people don't care about the usefulness of the lesser detail found in a map (namely fitting it in a smaller space than represented) they just want to - interpersonally - be "more right" than you.  Ignore it. You did what needed to be done and the fact that it opened more discussion is a credit to the value of your concise communication. It had just the right amount of concision to convey a concept as a whole working set (a gestalt) and still have enough precision to open questions within the minds of those who didn't properly conceive of the underlying material.  Good job then and good job now.
So, a happy mistake made more people understand this .. field?
⭐🙂👍
Electric Sheep ;p
Bunch of liars! My high school teachers were a bunch of liars.
What an erruption of correcting missconception.
Face!
Science Asylum did a video (awhile back I believe) explaining how the energy is transmitted through the fields and not the current. Even discussed and showed the Poynting vector!  Great follow up video btw!
u made me cry :( this is too amazing
So what your saying is that if I stick a penny in the electrical socket I'm not paying my light bill? 🤔  naw I joking of course,  but my little brother tried back in the day and knocked the power out in the house.
At my job as a Chef at Crackr Berral I smell each food item before giving it to a waitres. I sniff as hard as possible so I can smell your food before you eat it. Sometimes my nose touches your food if I get to close. You are eating food that has been sniffed by me as hard as possibl
How many cockroaches does it take to change a light bulb?       No one knows because they all scatter when the light comes on.  I'll get my coat.
This was a much better description
Brilliant video. That's just the scientific view and as we all know, science doesn't know everyting!  To preserve balance, we need to understand how faeries and hobgoblins are involved.
Wow, so Sean Carroll is right when he says the debate about particles vs fields is over. It really is all about fields.
Really bad revisit, you justify your original claim by saying that everyone misunderstood you but every scientist knows that’s a failure to convey the claim. The second thing that irritates the brain is that there are multiple correct schools of thought for this and your claiming this is the only correct way. They way electrons work from a battery and the electric field being generated by the battery how it operates depends on HOW you wanna explain it. You’ve just chosen ONE specific way
Well explained ❣️
The acceleration of the electron causes the field as well
Emotional damage delivered. Well done!
Nice follow up. Looks like real big copper tubes, I wonder how the proportion of induced current flow at the start is related to the diameter of your wire. Anyway nice description this time.
go off king
So how many engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb ????
"The question was intentionally vague"  What a dick move in regards to a physics thought experiment. Basically, work out the answer in my mind through my deliberately obscured wording and set up.
I would like to know how you come to find such ideas for making videos?
Who exactly are barking dogs🤣
what if wires are in vacuum? doesn't insulant affect this?
Should have opened an account for the armchair detractors apologies.
el caballo se llama viernes
Wow actual science.  Where someone has to defend his idea with an experiment and provides simulation to clarify his results.  As opposed to  I am right so shut up if you don't agree with me and my explanation you are evil.
I have almost 40 years as an MSEE and I had only the vaguest notion of this.   In my defense, I'm mostly software :D
The really interesting part of the plot at 19:12 is actually the short time between when green line started to rise and when yellow line started to rise. Can you measure that time duration? looks like about 5ns. That is the time it took for the magnetic field to travel from the source to the resistor and "start" to induce current. Also interesting to note that after 25ns you reached the first plateau. This suggests that only about 10m of wire contribute to the inductive power transfer.
I learned more from this video than 5 years of electrical engineering school
Thanks for making the follow up video, your original left me scratching my head! 😂🤣😂
It’s crazy that Nikola Tesla knew this and was running these same experiments 100 years ago.
A level physics flashbacks
For me, this is confirmation of the shift in metaphysics from Newton to Einstein, “space” (Reality) is never a void, thus electromagnetic FIELDS.
I'm convinced that you set some very specific conditions (some mentioned, some not) to make your story work.
Wait so all of this was basically just saying that there is capacitance between each side of the wire causing a small voltage, because the switch and lightbulb are close to each other?
There's one thing you left out (considering you went over every point of view, pun intended). Your distance from the light. If someone was standing right in front of it they would see the light turn on about instantly, whereas if a second person were 1 light second away from the light it would take a second for them to see it turn on. Funny how no one thought of that even though you never said anything about perception either. The light is still on even if you don't perceive it yet. Or is it? Some peoples' reality is based on perception over factualization. They must be missing out.
My 22 year self would be ashamed of my 37 year self relearning the em field... P.d my electromagnetic theory profesor puta TRIANGULAR wave guide in one test... Yeah
My father was a master electrician and your video opens my eyes to what a smart man he was! He told me that he could pull electricity from a high power line without even breaking the wire and I thought he was nuts. I now can see how it could happen!
Things are getting rigorous. Even the animations are accurate here. Absolutely blown away!! Thanks for the great content that u put out. ❤️ This is almost like a research paper but in video format rather than text.
I think unintentionally you made the original video better for it. Society as a whole is in dire need to adapt new ways of thinking just in general. This needs to happen sooner rather than later. We won't come far in a post-industrial worker society if we assume that a rigid set of facts can take us all the way to where we want to go. Additionally, there's the very real problem with the overabundance of information currently, and the schools never really gave people any tools to handle that. It was reserved for the academic world and made practical sense back then, but now we almost have the opposite issue where any person can interact on any topic. Yes, overabundance information can be bad if not treated properly. As we've seen with a lot of conspiracy theories or such is that single debunked, withdrawn, and redacted science articles keep being used as a source of valuable information.  My teacher told me that I need to know the multiplication table even if she woke me up in the middle of the night and forced me to answer what 7 times 8 is as I won't be carrying a calculator in my pocket at all times. This mindset is appropriate before the internet era's biggest breakthrough, 2010-ish or so, when you more often will be forced to make simple calculations on the spot to guide your actions as finding information can take some time. But now, the kids in elementary schools today should be better off if they place a much greater focus on being able to think about *HOW* to go about making a calculation.  Trivial example, but I can demonstrate with thinking about personal economic budget. Say there's certain items you always buy regularly in the grocery store and you always end up using up with consistency, and these items have a heavily reduced price. Sometimes you can buy a lot more than one or two, and they are maybe even half the price or something. The way to think about this should _not_ be to focus on each month separately, and each month's budget. That's harmful in the long term as if you can buy 6 laundry detergents that you _always_ use anyway at the price of 3, then if you are able to break your monthly budget and have space to store it, then you save yourself the cost of 3 laundry detergents in the following year. Repeating this with other items can have quite the impact in the long run. Kids don't need to calculate the price of the laundry detergent at reduced price beyond knowing that it's a lot cheaper and that stocking up will do them good. Creative thinking will only become more important, and often doesn't really require calculations even past "half price is half price". If they do need to make a calculation they have the calculator in their pocket, but knowing how to think will make the kids navigate our society easier.
That is so awesome. Well done and explained :)
What happens to the electric field if the electrons travel through a non metall, a human for example?
I think I got too much lead exposure to understand this one.
Ok everyone! Bring on the response videos! 🤗
It looks great and is easy to see with animation. Can you animate a DC and AC motor? or generator...Synchronic Machine, etc. It would be fascinating to see how the fields change while rotating. Thank you for sharing your and others' knowledge! Love your channel.
I want to know how the charge on the wire and the battery create that field!
this was great, but it makes my brain hurt
This video - is great example of teamwork on the fundamental idea, based on enthusiasm, curiosity and respect 👏 👍 Thank you 🔥
So is electricity its own separate thing. Cause it seems like its its own thing and the stuff in the wire and battery just direct it.. So what is electricity?
In 2016, Prof harish Chandra Verma ( hcverma )  pointed this problem to us in a workshop. He did not answer. I went on working on it and wrote a series of mail to him . Today world is watching and solving it. Thanks a lot Derek for putting it so beautifully. Love from India .
The problem that still exists in this video is the assumption that the switch is either open or closed (that it changes between open and closed instantly). You have to change the leakage current before you can close the switch. Changing the leakage current doesn't mean that what you're measuring isn't leakage current. What you're measuring there could still be just the changed leakage current.
Kinda lost interest in these sensationalist videos. I'll leave it to the others to make the effort to understand you.
So the light will work if the circuit is broken? For how long?
This makes me think about tesla's wireless electricity  transmission.
Lol just ,today I got a doubt on speed of current
Borderline philosophical point i want to make deals with "light bulb sensitivity". Yes, a small fraction of energy is transferred at the speed of light across the 1m gap. Yes the inductive coupling of the wires is then responsible for further rise in voltage. All that matches well understood physics models. However the comment about light bulb coming on at the initial low voltage is a cop-out answer. I could argue that a light bulb can be made that turns on with an extremely small amount of current, which is induced by the motion of very small number of quantum entangled electrons at the battery and in the bulb, the information between which is transferred instantly, not at the speed of light; hence the bulb would turn on instantly after closing the switch. Of course this is just a philosophical mumbo-jumbo and has no practical applications for currently existing light emitting technologies. Overall a good video though, which agrees with well understood physics models.
Can we normalize scientific drama on YouTube? Jkkk🤣🤣🤣
It is one of those debate, like most, where everybody is right,  just on different wavelengths.
Class act for not shit'n on the other Youtubers for callin him out for being wrong.
I would love to see a repeat of this experiment with varying distances between the parallel lines to show the effect of it on time for field energy to reach, if there is at all a scope fast enough for it
"so today we will use this 25v source to turn on an led as a result of EMI and claim I was always right"   lol if you use a 12v battery and a 12v light  the light won't turn on. finished. glad to see you off your high and mighty chair for once.  Title of this video should be I WAS WRONG....
What you see in 1m/c time is not the result of current flowing through the circuit, but the result of a changing electromagnetic field being transmitted from one wire to the other, as when the switch is closed, both wires act as antennas for a short duration of time. You might get a bit of current, but that will decrease by a factor of 1/d² with the distance of the wires. So if you would put them 2m apart, you'd only get 1/4th of the current. And at 10m it would be 1/100th. No matter how long your wires are. This obviously has no effect on the current flowing *through* the wire. You could also prevent the electromagnetic transmission entirely by shielding the wires and connecting the shield to the ground, because then the electromagnetic field would induce a current in the shield, rather than in the opposite side of the wire. Conclusion: your measurements are the result of arbitrary choices of the setup, completely unrelated to the actual circuit. And yes, the main actors are the fields, but the fields in the wire, not between the wires, and the electrons in the wire are carrying these fields.
Luckily now I am teaching Current electricity to my students....
I appreciate this follow up explanation and the experiment.
Ricks words will stick with me. "You better define the terminal point on that line."
I have been watching this channel for so many years, and love watching the evolution of Derek from a smug asshole to one of the best educational youtubers, who won humbleness along the track.
I was taught that light comes from energy release by electron jump from higher energy down to lower energy level. I was also taught that current generate EM waves. No movement of electrons just generate static electric field. Movement of electrons start when there is a closed circuit. Thus, it does not matter how long the cable(3c or more) , it is the distance of switch(where battery is) and the light bulb matter! If just E field can deliver energy as it indicated in the video,  it could save a lots money of electricity bill because we avoid conductance (or resistance)loss. Just lay a extension cord next to the bulb! Where am I  wrong?
13:19 So 2:00 is correct, for the wrong reasons. Also, obviously if EVERYONE made the same misinterpretation, you explained it entirely wrong, and more importantly, the current from the uncompleted circuit wouldn't be usable, you demonstrate instantaneous power from the completion of the circuit, but you don't demonstrate the gradual drop off of current overtime. Is a lightbulb really on if it was only on for a time so short it was imperceptible? I would argue that you could only reasonably say it was on during that time frame, so unless you can say "The lightbulb is on!" Within a few nanoseconds, we gotta redo this.
I really don't think I would have learned circuits this way without these, I am glad it was controversial. You likely just caused a butterfly effect for future inventions just by getting the masses educated better on this topic. You da man V!
I dunno.  This is a simple concept wrapped in a complicated package.  I feel AlphaPhoenix's explanation was much clearer
Great video, but the lightbulb doesn't turn on when the wire disconnected, because when te wire is disconnected , as you break that gradient of surfaces charges created by the battery, responsable of turning the light on, the light doesnt turn on and it doesn't violate casuality because the surface charges were there, in the wire before you move the switch to turn it on , hope I was clear.
You should have done one more experiment experiment to put switch and bulb/resister 2 or more than 2 meter at distance and see if it take additional time (which must be the case) to start the current flow in bulb. that would have more convincing to people.
The veteran circuit board designer has provided a great analogy for the circuit board of our bodies, the energy field that surrounds it, and the source waiting for us to connect the wire. Peace Gods.
like discovering how tics work in Minecraft
Oh no... here we go again.
Robert Feranec's interview with Eric Bogatin is another excellent response video. They look at the experiment from an electronic engineering point of view.
Electrons don't "bump" into ions. I understand that this is supposed to be a simplified picture, but it's a completely wrong simplified picture, and I'm getting tired of it. Electrons do not scatter from crystal lattice. They scatter from crystal lattice defects or imperfections. This includes vacancies, misplaced atoms, impurities and thermal vibrations (aka phonons). In ideal crystal at zero temperature there will be no scattering at all. Since all wires are polycrystals, there's also scattering at grain boundaries, but again, no bumping into ions is involved.
This man is so dedicated to his work that when someone doubts his claims he does it just to see if he’s right or wrong
I posted on RSD’s channel that even though we are human and cheer for our guys/gals . This is how science is done .. used to be in letters, publications… now it’s YouTube. The idea is we all arrive at a better understanding over time and over discourse   Oh and for those that need this: note that “science” clearly isn’t made up of absolutely defined statements .. it evolves, it’s challenged, and it changes.
If I put two electrons next to each other in endless free space, they would push each other apart. Is it electrons pushing or their electric field? It's both, because they are the same thing. You keep saying the electrons arent pushing, (or transferring energy), the field is. This is the exact same misconception as you are challenging, just favoring field over particle. The field an electron produces is the electron as much as anything else is.  Other than that everything else seems good.
amazing work! thank you!!
21:20
I don’ know, could this be just shunt capacitance of the wire configuration basically creating the initial shortcut of small power transfer as soon as the switch is engaged. Inductors acts like small shunt capacitor at very high frequency. The experiment should be redone with the wire not placed in parallel thus minimizing and preventing this small shunt capacitance parasitics. Good to see the measurement, I never thought this could be this significant
electricity is the foundation of civilization but nobody really understands what it really is. LOL
Does this mean that Iron man maybe real. Be right back....
Ohm  my God.  People are so negative when talking about electricity and get all amped up about nothing.  There is so much resistance to new ideas and they don't know watt they are talking about.  I like to  insulate myself and remain positive while remaining grounded with current knowledge.  That takes a load off of my shoulders and gives me power to think correctly.  Okay, I will leave now.
Ever since I saw AlphaPhoenix bust Veritasium's video on this topic, I don't watch Veritasium anymore.  Derek has lost too much credibility in my view.
Sir, I have some question. Please answer them.   (i) If charges present on wire cause the electrons to move then why we need potential difference? (ii) why charge develop only after placing battery if the wire contains millions of electron then why a battery cause accumulation of charges on sides? (iii) If we somehow manged to generate charge on a conductor by rubbing , the generated charge will start flowing because its a conductor then it will have both electric and magnetic field so now the bulb will glow continuously without any problem is it possible.
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
Didn't Nikola Tesla invent wireless lights a hundred year ago.
You were right, but your answer wasn't written correctly, and your problem as visualized was not the problem you were solving for, and your answer depends on a different bulb and battery from what was in first problem? Some people might say they were wrong...then explain why you would be correct if the problem was written differently. I like the visualizations and explanation this time. Very detailed.
I'm really happy to see this video after the first. I've personally always imagined the carrier force of electricity being propagated in a similar way to sound waves through the wire (obviously via the electromagnetic field), and that the external field being a negligible factor to be discounted in the original experiment. But with this deeper explanation, I can happily agree with your conclusion and now definitely have a better idea of this subject I've always been weak at.  Again, thanks for the video!
OMG HE USES METERS I LOVE IT
Hi Derek this was just mind blowing. I never thought of electric circuits in this way. I had learnt them from the text books 📚 and never one of them explained electric field like you did. Thank you very much mate. Please keep doing these wonderful videos.
man he sounds quite salty about being corrected. He just can't have been wrong before, and seems to still think that his "electricity is magic" video was still the right thing to do, though his "rephasing " changes the meaning of his final message from the last video.
In the first video, he presented the case of two cables being 1m apart and his imagery used insulated wires. People then justifiably said, that the voltage will be tiny. In his new experiment, he has two copper tubes at a shorter distance (<1m) and gets a non-tiny voltage. I fail to see how that should proof he was correct in his first video. He just changed the parameters to turn a tiny amount into a decent amount.
Distinction between direct and alternating current should be included in this explanation for clarity to the masses. Just saying.
Please stop changing the thumbnails. My eyes aren't the best and I cant see the title text clearly so when I see a "new" thumbnail I think new video. Commit.
Wow.   Back to watching videos of turtles head butting shoes.
What happens when you turn it off? How long does it take for the bulb to turn off?
I said to me E&M professor in the first week of class... "wrong, everything you said is wrong"  It's not your fault.   People are taught the wrong information to simplify the subject.
Magnificent. Magnificent. Well done!!! Terrific, brilliant.
Definitely spotted the change in titel and thumbnail
I really enjoy Derek's re-visitation videos and clarification videos. As he's said before, it's the act of confronting our assumptions that leads to knowledge.
You lost me when you indicated it didn't matter if the circuit was complete.  That current would still flow when you closed the switch.  If the circuit doesn't need to be complete, wouldn't that nullify the need for a switch?  How is an open switch different from an open circuit in your model?
I think you are wrong. I think you are right. I think, therefore I am—Right or Wrong?
Ohm’s law is much more than a shortcut - sufficento say it is not generally valid as any semiconductor physics class will trll you. It’s a statement about the existence of linear response in a weakly out of equilibrium system. I would not have gone into this territory but if you want to go about schooling, you’d better be precise. You did not lead that statement to intruduce lumped constants.
15:00 does the plane the arrows are in rotate 90 degrees? If so, why?
Hell yeah, this is what science is all about
Great video! I loved the comeback
Hmmmmmm
I'm sure it's already been said, but Derek deserves a Nobel prize for this.
No energy, charge, photons, waves, spin, fields, potential,etc. The expanding electron does it all. Physical matter- expanding electrons- manifest as EMR and magnetism and electricity. High pressure flow to low pressure out of the battery through the circuit: expanding electrons pushing at @“c”.
The biggest takeaway for me is that a shout-out to the haters is most important because they all want veritasium's level of subscribers and money more than anything else.
so but what happens when you put a magnet in between the wires?
It should have been obvious to the naysayers that it's a theoretical experiment, where the switch would be flipped instantaneously. The leakage current is completely besides the point being made.  It does nothing to prove Derek wrong, because at that point you basically just account for how long it would take for the electric field to travel the moment the current is leaking. This is the kind of pedantry that really gets on my nerves about the science community.  I think the discussions are great but the whole thing of people champing at the bit to say "YOU'RE WRONG!" based on a technicality over a theoretical experiment is insufferable.
my brain literally hurts but i understand it.  it's a very good feeling 😊
I'm just going to put that crayon waaaaay back up into my nose now.
I'm confused now so what does a battery store?
Not sure if I understood this right, but, the bulb gets a bit of voltage at the speed of light based on the distance of the switch and the bulb rather than the length of the wire?  Also, does that mean that a disconnected wire could receive that same small amount of voltage? Could an LED lamp then get lit up without even being connected to the circuit by the electric field?
Well I'm convinced. But I still think that was misleading. Everyone was answering the question whether the lamp will turn on or not. Which is essentially not the point of the video.
yep changing the thumbnail to bait people who have already watched the video into clicking it again
What a lot of B/S blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. The only thing this video proves is how much time can be wasted on physicists masturbating over useless information.
I love how make up gurus have drama over who took what vitamins, and science channels have drama over over what electricity does.
Now was that so hard to understand? I wonder why physics is taught the "simplified way" first. Maybe I'm the odd one out, but electricity was always a mystery to me because I had no clue about the big picture.
would this only be with noninsulated wires?
As an engineer and a lifetime student of physics, this was a fantastic video!  I agree, even with gaps in your first video, the reactions and follow-up to it prove that the electric field concept of looking at circuits needs to be “propagated” from our current “lumped” mindset of considering V=IR a physical explanation to how circuits work.  Kudos Derek!
Dumb question.... Why does my body not act like the independant wire in ben's experiment when i go near a 600V line? Be gentle, Im slow with concepts🤣
Can we expect this to become like the flat earthers? Lol
Very confusing explanation, feels needlessly clickbait-y, as someone trying hard to understand these concepts a lot of this comes across as intentionally vague and just makes me doubt myself. Glad the oscilloscope's came out in the end there that was the only clear part of the video...
I suppose this doesn't work with a coaxial cable since the electrical field = 0 outside of the cable.
woof, woof, the old school dog barking.  " you mean induction'?? all that wire coiled up in two - the load side and battery side;  think that was the  so called 'wireless energy or electricity' .
Please in Spanish so I can share with my dad 😁🤓 veteran electrical engineer.
Yep, I don't get it.
Around 11:11 or so; When the switch is closed and the two charges that are on the wire neutralize each other, the charge density in the conductor becomes "no longer zero". How does THAT work? How does a negative charge density change by neutralizing the positive and negative charges at the ends of the circuit? I'm so lost...lolol
Thinking of skin effect, what would be the difference between solid wire and lets say hollow wires ?
Wow! Really opened my eyes about electricity. Volts, Amps, Watts, were always my ONLY focus. Once I saw the clamp style meter, which has 0 contact with wires, I just took it's accuracy for granted, without any other searching. Thanks.  Now curious as to how much loss happens during conversion from DC to AC, in typical battery inverter. 8• O
I'm just more convinced than ever that it's just magic by another name.
Thank you for this video, I am an electrical engineer and I did learn something new.
It is refreshing to see that I was partially correct in stating that the bulb would initially turn on briefly due to propagation and then on steadily once the current was established 1 second later.
This is a great video on explaining the characteristic of Electricity when you consider it's in the transmission line fields instead of just by the ohms, current, voltage and electron flow.  A Guy by the Name of Eric P. Dollard, has done presentation videos on explaining the exact same thing, years ago, what you have just demonstrated. (Eric P. Dollard has a website you can look up.)
This is even better than the first video! Fantastic, so insightful.
Well if you want to go that route then what moves the field? How does it spread across empty space? What mechanism causes two opposite charges to attract and vice versa? Check mate.
why were the wires mounted so high?
So, the only reason why we can't run as many loads as possible on a circuit is that we don't know how to materialize what an anti-load is? Isn't that what you are saying? Because you can theoretically place the test bulb anywhere, but you can't place it everywhere. If you could reduce the issue to considering what an anti-load was, as in how to appreciate it in a field juxtaposed with actual loads, then it might be possible to introduce many loads, the battery not having to be any stronger.   Then you need to know if doing that takes real or negative energy?  Do you have to keep adding it, or can you get it from the fact there is a field? So, maybe the battery doesn't have to be any stronger? Maybe you do have to keep adding power, but only the same?   Is it the same usage as the battery goes down, though, or usage over an assumed "everywhere?" Is that possible? Seems like if you can make it work over any distance, the cohesion necessary to pull off using anti-loads in a field, it can become a sort of local power supply, at the very least.
Excellent follow up. I don't think the first video was as correct as he makes out. The connection into a loop is misleading, as he clearly described here, with the initial lighting up being pure induction. However, this video is spot on with all the relevant detail, and is also beautifully illustrated.
Go ask Eric Dollard
Your original example used DC current and your experiment used AC.
The visuals in this video are incredible.  Thank you for helping me to eventually discover a viable method of antigravity.
4:45 and 5:54 are EITHER mutually contradictory (by definition you can't have a gradient in a uniform field) OR deliberately misleading (through the cleverly un-emphasized use of "inside" and "surface"). This response video is in my opinion, not humble enough.
Excelent
If electricity is mostly not traveling through the wires but as a wave outside the wires, why do wires melt if the wire is too small to carry the required current. Cars and houses have fuses and circuit breakers to prevent overloaded melting from melting and causing fires.
Bravo! You are in a couple of steps from gaining access to the free energy
Sir, I have some question. Please answer them.   (i) If charges present on wire cause the electrons to move then why we need potential difference? (ii) why charge develop only after placing battery if the wire contains millions of electron then why a battery cause accumulation of charges on sides? (iii) If we somehow manged to generate charge on a conductor by rubbing , the generated charge will start flowing because its a conductor then it will have both electric and magnetic field so now the bulb will glow continuously without any problem is it possible.
Keep doing these great videos
Regarding the first video, an insufficient explanation may considered as a fail of the author.
Brilliant example of the "devil in the details" expression.  As you (DM) state in conclusion, your 'mistake' triggered a beautiful response from many, I saw Alpha Phoenix's video shortly after I saw your original video.  Derek:5 Star Video as always.
I'm wondering if its possible to create an electric/magnetic/energy field that turns on the lightbulb without having the lightbulb in a closed circut. In which case, energy would be transmitted wirelessly through space. Wireless Lightbulb 👀
This is how entropy works
So Tesla wasn't completely wrong when thought about wireless power?
So basically batteries act like neuron action potentials. But instead of moving electrolytes to the outside of the axon circumference, it’s moving electrons to just offset a gradient towards the wire circumference. Wow
I didn’t really appreciate what you were saying after the first video but I think taken together, these two videos are frankly brilliant.  It sets a dangerous precedent - is the best way to get people excited about science in YouTube to make a controversial first video, ignite a massive discussion, and then clear it all up at the end? :D
It's basically two parellell antennae.
Seeing Maxwell’s equations in action with a circuit has fundamentally opened my eyes to the mysteries of electricity that I never quite understood in the past. This will forever change the way I understand the exciting concept of electricity. Thanks
6:48 "With electrons moving, on average, the radius of a proton"... I didnt realise electrons were like 10 times bigger than protons
Thank you. I love that you did not respond with hate and put downs but were truly interested in others had to say. This is how science and learning in general should be. An open conversation between each other, that in the end, helps understanding and sometimes new ideas grow.
Great video never expected such thorough explanation. Network theory is just a approximation method and accurate analysis of circuits can only be done by electromagnetic field theory
So how long time does it take for the light bulb to light up if you use a coaxial cable?
Handled perfectly.  This explanation pleases me way more.  EEVBlog assumed you were talking about transmission lines and in that sense, you were right from the start.  Though I'm inclined to agree that the low current flowing isn't what a normal person would consider as the light going on. Even if some current flows.  I'd explicitly say that both wires are essentially antennae until the fields reach the far ends of the wires.
Thank you! I didn't understand electricity before, now I really dont understand 😆🤣
*Derek 5 years ago:* bothering strangers on the street with his science questions *Derek now:* shaking up the entire scientific community with his science videos
Getting a response and lighting a lightbulb aren't the same thing. Furthermore, the terms of your question specified that the light bulb would come on immediately the moment any electricity is flowing through it. Congratulations, you have proposed a light bulb that powers on even when it's not plugged into a circuit. By using the resistor as a stand in for a light bulb you are again committing this same mistake. If you want to turn a light bulb on, turn a lightbulb on. If you want to measure a change in the flow of electricity at both ends of the wire, say that instead of saying you want to turn a lightbulb on.  As if that's not even enough, a lightbulb that turns on with any amount of flow of electricity, you have proposed a lightbulb with 0 resistance, yet you use a resistor as a stand in for it in your experiment. You have failed to prove your hypothesis by performing an experiment  that is only tangentially related to your proposed system.  It's not that you "didn't explain it well enough" it's that you're defining an experiment that requires electronics that don't exist and then trying to prove your hypothesis correct about how those electronics would react by using different electronics, with a completely different metric for what constitutes success.  THAT is the problem here.  What's more, by making THIS video, doubling down on it all, you are proving that you are biased toward your own thinking and are falling into the trap of marrying yourself to your own ideas to where "I'm not wrong, you just don't understand", which is a mantra I hear from flat earthers, free energy proponents, and various other psuedoscientists... I don't believe you should be among their ranks, but you do seem to be going down a parallel rabbit hole.
If what you explain at 13:00, that no matter the circuit is closed, the light bulb will turn on, then every electronic, every device on the world would just not function at all.., even our brain would not function. I mean, switches in electric fields happens all the time everywhere on our world, and not every electric field change will have power enough to do something with a load, even if it is 1m or 1 um away.  I think you are misleading again by saying that.
Does this mean that a real experiment is better than a thought experiment? Because your mind can bend reality at will whereas an experiment shows it as it is.
oh boy, here we go again
What happens with a perfectly insulated wire?
I enjoyed the entire saga, like a blockbuster. Thanks to all the great YouTubers involved 😉
Is this why fluorescent lights turn on when you hold them close to tesla coils?
Great explanation!
Is this the premise that Tesla relied upon when he proposed wireless energy transfer?
Eceryone's fallible.  It brought me up to date with a bump.  Thanks.
Waiting for this video for a long time... finally its here 🔥
why so much mysteries to my light bulb ?
Amazeballs. I knew when I took a simple intro to physics class and we learned some basic about electricity it didnt really capture what was going on, and it really always irritated me in anatomy and physiology the way they teach and explain action potential. Spent a lot of time self teaching and researching to get a better grasp and its all because of people like you who do videos and education like this. Who knows how much education i would have to pay for to get this level of education in a traditional system. Love the content.
The best explanation so far ! Thanks you all
I wish I had this kind of explanation and education when I was in highschool 40 years ago, instead of the dry declamation of formulas and zero explanation of how it looks in reality. Well done. Good for todays kids, hopefully teachers these days will use this kind of videos in class. All these videos, reacting to the original video and this one, are a truely exemplary use of the internet and social media.
Mhm. I thought i was confused after watching the first video but now i am completly lost.
But don’t wireless chargers use magnetic fields, not electric? How is that analogous to your system if you claim the magnetic field is not the primary source of energy transfer? Great video btw, I am just nitpicking that particular comment!
Fantastic!
Friendly competition makes everyone better. @ Lex Fridman
bvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvuvvuuvvcUbgb.
You make me unlearn and learn most of things we were taught at school
Naughty... lol
Ive worked a lot with electronics. Ive NEVER been able to turn on a lightbulb without both ends connected to the lightbulb. What size battery do you need in order to create a field big enough to turn on a lightbulb without a closed circuit?? So you can just turn on a huge battery next to a lightbulb and the lightbulb will be dimly lit? I’m so not understanding.
Can the earth be a electric field?
Boom 💥 take that nay says y’all just got schooled politely
I am convinced electrical energy travels through electrical-magnegtic waves.  I am not convinced the demonstration shows this.
I wish you linked to all the response videos directly.
"My side of the story", I love nerd shenanigans
This is an epic example that scientists debate and do experiments, and get a more precise clear picture of theories, with videos, in this modern internet world.  I really enjoy this journey. Thank you all and you are great!
Overall this video is already a lot better than the last one. Units are correct. The relations between currents, electrons and fields are much better explained aswell. But i think something is off here 13:20 You claim the lightbulb would go on if the circuit is incomplete, but you previously explained that once you insert the voltage source, the surface charges build up and all the potential difference ends up on the two sides of the switch. But if the circuit is broken, that potential cant build up, so you wont have the current starting to flow, when the switch is closed! The following simulation is actually showing a different system, where you have a complete circuit + a wire, instead of just 2 non-closed wires.
Another youtuber actually did an experiment that proved you right (although he did say that you're explanation wasn't that great which is what probably led to the confusion. Actually I think it was one of the clips you briefly showed.
Another one of these "it's a great approximation, so we use it everywhere". Sort of like Newton's laws being great for the macro world, but not representative of quantum level interactions?
This is the first time I've actually understood resistance voltage ⚡❤️
Thank you for the complementary explanation.
As Bob Ross would say, that was a happy mistake
Does this mean that, in the original setup, if there is a break 1/2 a light second away, the bulb will light, but then go out when the propagating fields 'discover' the break ?
this video is a very good explanation for EMC and why it matters in electronics to prevent its effects.
Sugoooooooi
You actually got a ligo scientist to help you out .... I wish I had the same friends that you have.
13:20 What the actual... I don't understand what you are saying here. It seems to me like you are saying that a complete circuit isn't needed for the bulb to turn on. That can't be true, right?
We have angered the Veritasium
We are in a sea of energy the current just stirs it.
hmmmmm imagine a plant like (or maybe even animal) creature that can sense magnetic fields AND get some energy from magnetic fields (doesnt matter which came first in it's evolution)
Nice job, you show how deep you have to go to understand the simplest electrical circuit of any basic electrical analysis class.
I'm tired of youtuber doing propaganda
Too bad you have to be friggin lawyer to explain engineering.  Lighten up people!
LoL!! Nerd🤓 Fight!!LoL!!🤣🤣🤣
Isn't the initial current at the load just an electromagnetic wave that transmits a square wave pulse from the antenna with the switch to the one with the load?
well I still find the use of a normal light build deceptive, maybe the use of a powermeter would have been better in that case. still very good question and answer ^-^
"how 1 word created hypewave on YouTube"
Can't wait for Electroboom's response video.
What you said about surface charges, denies the logic  of resistsnce as 1/guage... evidently you are not very smart,     Stop making those videos, if you wish to learn phisics , get some books from hi school or download pdf from some  collage..
Potential difference >
great video, perfect to see on a saturday morning with a good cup of coffee!
Electricity doesn't penetrate a conductor.. stop saying inside the wire
As an electrical engineer myself, I can certify things claimed in both videos were correct. It boggled my mind the amount of individuals that attempted or try to dispute information, and took utter offense to such a topic on electricity. Very informative video Derek, thanks!
I want you to know I’m in my mid 30’s and I had a science teacher in 6th grade tell us how the electrons actually didn’t travel along the wires because it would take this immense amount of time and Try to explain it a little bit just as an aside and I’ve held that memory about electrons not traveling the wires but had no idea how it actually worked all the way until now.  This was incredibly edifying and I’m so glad channels and people like you guys exist to help others understand cool scientific concepts that i would otherwise never encounter in my life. 👍👍
Does it always cover everywhere inside the wires?
ayo this was a sassy ass video on the low too I ain't gon lie xD Great work though, thoroughly entertaining and informative
The revisit was nice. The first video left me really far behind and it’s nice to be about a meter closer.
This video should be shown to high school students in science class! All we were ever taught was V=IR.  Who knew there was so much more to it. Thanks for a great video! 👍
This is the best clap back ever!
Big Clive made a response, I'm speechless XD
I'm glad you released this new video, because I had not understood that the light would turn on in 1/c *because it was 1 meter away*, and I feel that's a very important part to understanding the overall concept!  And I must say, what I managed to understand from this video really blew my mind. I understand why electricity is taught the way it is, but I wish that it was at least mentioned that the way it actually works is different. Anyway.. Great video, thanks a lot and thanks for having the integrity to listen to your detractors and to do a follow-up video!
in other words it's the barking dogs and the shepherd who carry the energy and the sheeps.
One thing about human psychology that is so annoying is that a “mistake” will get people much more motivated to engage and think and respond than a “perfect” video.
I still disapointed about pointing vector illustration😅.  Even on smulation is demonstrated, that pointing vector leads by wires (with small crosscircut component), but your 3D illustartion shown it like it goes whith the same level through  the whole space.
What changes if you put line in a circle like 1 light second in diameter?
That thumbnail change to "ARE YOU NOT CONVINCED"... that one got me to click
Omg I love this so much! I really want to show my high school Physics students this! Super neat!
So this is hard for me but if I get it at all .. If you did the same experiment but instead of closing the switch with the battery already hooked up, your switch attached the battery terminals to each side, you'd get a slightly different result...?
17:50 11.85 Micro Henry's
This is the coolest thing I've ever seen! Thanks for the awesome video!
Gotta love a nerd fight. No one gets harmed and we learn something at the end of it.
So let me get this straight. The field from the switch, not the battery,  will generate some miliwatts but the full throttle will be reached when the field of the wire is formed at the point of the bulb. Right?  That means , at your initial video, that the bulb will start to shine at 1/c s (units m and m/s respectively) but it will reach steady state after 1 s , that is the time it takes for the electical field inside the wire to be formed at the position of the resistor. If that is the case then I guess you were only right for very specific resistors like the led bulb you mentioned.  If you were testing this with an electrical motor let's say, it wouldn't start working until the current was of the appropriate magnitude. And that would have been 1 s. Consequently,  it seems that the question and given answer on your initial video was only partially correct. Yes, the energy will be transfered directly from the other side of the circuit without the need of travelling the whole distance of the wire from the source to the resistor due to the initial electrical field but it is only when the field on the spot is generated and the electrons start moving on that spot that the current reach its maximum value.
Very well done.
Outstanding job. thank you very much for this
I think we all should read our text book of 12 class in that they have explained this concept quite well in chapter electric feild
This is definitely something has been scratching the itch I had since university. Love that we get a conclusion to it.
helpp . Can I get some notes?
The animations are just awesome  We need more animations like that man
The first video was pop-sci trolling.
so,  the only problem was "how much" energy will flow in 1m/c seconds.  and the answer is: enough for  e.g. an led but not all of it.   (would be nice to see how this varies with a different energy source.)
Welcome to Tesla
In 2012, I almost died from a drug overdose but Jesus Christ saved my life.  During this near death experience, I cried out to the Lord Jesus in prayer and repented to Him for my sins and He saved my life.  Please repent to the Lord Jesus for your sins and then get fully submerged under water as a baptism to God in the name of Jesus and obey what He wants you to do with your life or if you don't do this then when you die you will go to hell.
I think vertasium changed his thumbnail🤔 of this video
I think its weird, because this explanation is exactly how i understood his first video as a non physics expert (I am a computer scientist). I don't really get how you could understand it in the way some people apparently did. I guess that might be the "expert bias" where people already interpret more than just listening and thinking along-
This is getting a bit too meta.
This is what real science looks like, lots of complex ideas and explanations of how they work. The idea of electric fields and that we are all in a huge electric field means we are all connected in some way!
Tbh having people tring to proove you wrong is better than them just nodding away at what you say
It's good you corrected the wrong affirmation you made in the previous video.
on the initial video, it not only looked like, it definitely sounded like you claimed for any electrical energy, no wires would be needed. The preview even said "energy doesn't flow in wires" wheras you said now, it does. Doesn't matter if it's electrons itself or the field, right?  Even with overlooking that really weird part of the original video: The inducted current itself is still significant lower than the "working" current. So instead of the resistor, if we talk LED or light bulb: you have that current, which is (however you may express it) needed to drive the bulb/LED, the induced one isn't enough to light it up enough to call it "light"
0:34 Hey it's Big Clive!
Are you competing with SmarterEveryDay? If yes, what was a bet?
Correct, glad to see someone forcing basic issues to understand the Electric and Plasma Universe. Safir!
What is the most astounding thing to me is that our modern world with all our modern technology, people still have problem wrapping their minds around something that Nikola Tesla was researching on his own more than 100 years ago! A full century. Our everyday stuff would be plain witchcraft to 99.9% of the people from that era. We just recently stated doing inductive wireless charging, while this man was thinking about wireless electricity transmission in a time when radio waves were just recently discovered. I really think our education system has to drastically change, so kids are taught to think outside of the box, not constrain within its boundaries. That's how we would progress science even further and this video is the perfect example of that.
super cool!
Excellent video, excellent explanation. This is a topic that's not generally covered when people are trained on electrical circuits. The lumped components approach is a useful model for most everyday needs, even low frequency AC where you supplement Ohm's/Kirchoff's laws by phasor diagrams and  complex impedences. The minute you go to high frequencies you're forever in that transient regime where the switch has just been connected and things become very counter intuitive. You see this in things like the design of radio antennae like the Yagi where induced currents in carefully designed passive elements can be used to focus the electromagnetic energy.
me gusta es video best video ever thanks Mr.derek
So I assume that if the circuit was left open as shown at 13:06 the bulb would turn on and stay on at the reduced level after half a light second
For me at least, the mail in main issue i had with the original video was that, the way i understood your explanation, ONLY the field bleeding over to the other cable was the way energy was transmitted. And of course, is that was true, then you could block the circuit by blocking this field, say with a thick lead wall. I think I'm both the previous video, and this one, you should have very explicitly explained that the bleeding field only transmit a tiny amount of the energy, and that the main transfer comes from the field on the surface of the wire.
So, but, this all implies that a shielded copper cable such as coax doesn't conduct electricity as well as a bare copper wire because the shielding is there to absorb fields from the outside but it also absorbs the fields from the inside
The thumbnail changes
Anyone who plays an electric guitar understands this concept wether they realize it or not.   The sounds of an EG are generated from a Metallic string vibrating above a magnetic coil (made of copper wire) that signal could potentially pass through a dozen or even thousands of tiny devices, all connected by guitar cables (ala copper wire) and yet no matter how long the cables are, or how many various effects, or devices the signal has to pass through, you wont experience any latency as long as their is a direct connection, you can have 100 effects or 0, 10ft. of cables or 500ft. of cables, the signal generated by the coil applies itself to the guitar electronics, any various effects,  dozens of cables, the amplifier's and any number of speakers instantaneously   its really quite amazing
I think one ineresting experiment that would potentially give an even better way of making the point would be to use a system to move the parallel wires to various distances between them, say 1 meter, 50 cm, 25 cm, 10 cm, 5 cm, to demonstrate how this affects both the times involved, as well as the fact that you are looking at a field effect rather than things like leakage. 2 ways to do that would be to use 2 lead screws with a gear between them to reverse them, and a mechanism to either rest the leads upon the lead screws or to create "lead" screws that are half left hand turn, half right hand turn, so that again the process of turning the screws one way or the other brings the parallel span closer or further apart.  I would also recommend that these screws be a non-metallic, or at least a material that is not readily susceptible to magnetic or electric fields so that no one starts complaining that it is the screws that are acting as a surface effect for the current. (and as noted in your video there is such a thing as a surface effect, and even insulators can 'leak' some of this current.   Optionally, adding a third wire, in parallel, with just a load in the middle of the the span, also measured with the same equipment on a third trace, would demonstrate that the effect happens regardless of whether the lines in question are a complete circuit or not. This, in combination with the ability to move the other two wires closer and further apart, would also demonstrate that it's not just someone moving the sample rate on the monitoring equipment between runs.  As a side note, these field effects are exactly why telephone cable, and all of the variety of category 3 on up copper solid and stranded wire cable have twists in them, and cat 6 and 7 cables have different twists on different pairs of strands. As the cable twists, the two wires that are twisted together are not parallel with each other, and you end up with fields that do not have a parallel wire for them to energize. Examples of this done poorly are why many of us grew up with phone lines that might just as well have been party lines, as we heard other people's conversations on our own calls. Those wires are not shorted to our own wires at any point except possibly where they get power from the phone company, That power is (was) generally highly isolated between pairs with filters that would eliminate cross talk there. VoIP phones and phone systems are far less susceptible to this except in facilities where hundreds of long (hundreds of meter long) analog drops happen after the VoIP AT. They have their own share of problems, but you're far less likely to hear the crooks down the street talking about contracts or shading deals.  Have a great day.
"Electricity does not centralize, but decentralizes." [Marshall McLuhan]
Take it from someone that is never wrong, that you were wrong. You are modifying your original statements to be correct.  That doesn't make you right, it just means you were not completely wrong.  But you were indeed wrong.
Energy is transferred through the field. Transformers. Wireless charging. Electrical wire winding ratio. Transient current. Alternating voltage.
7:37 If the electrons don't move along the wire, why does he show the electrons moving along the wire? Isn't their motion more localized to the load?
says ben watson  *ben nodes  back to the topic
This video is 101 of electrical engineering
Feynman could not answer how magnets work.   And there is still debate on how a battery powers a lightbulb.   We are living in an age of high tech savagery. We get things to work. We still do not grasp the fundamentals.
5:57 Is the gradient a differential called "voltage"?
It's like all the planet's magnetic fields. There is no magnetic field without electricity.
6:03 I don't understand how the "middle" of the wire is different from any other point along the wire. You can insert a bulb (load) at ANY point along the wire, and it will glow with the exact same brightness. Wouldn't that mean that a differential gradient is set up around each load along the wire, and the gradient is the same around each load?
Initial video, all of the responses and this - is the rollercoaster ride I was happy I was on.
I'm curious to see the response to the response from the very same people shown in the video, some of which seem to be here in the comments.
Sorry, you're making so many contradictory assertions with no actual basis to back them up. It's circular reasoning. You're also attributing misconceptions to other people and those assertions are also misconceptions and not what other people are saying.  And don't get me started on simulations that "prove" what you're already asserting. That ranks right up there with statistics that "prove" anything at all.  Sorry, but your current trend to controversy in order to cater to The Algorithm rather than scientific method just lost you a subscriber.
Great video. Thank you
Watching smart people argue is so much more satisfying than the normal filth you encounter online. Great video and responses to your peers!
Great video! Mind appropriately expanded.  Why are electrons drawn as little balls and not probability distributions? :)  Always fun that explaining one bit of science distorts another.  Something of a uncertainty principle to science education.
This is better, and yet there is still the issue that the words "induced current" don't appear anywhere. Neither does the word "antenna".  It's important to use the vocabulary we use for explaining things, as for instance, if the wires are shielded, you wouldn't see the current on the other side.
I did love Alpha Phoenix’s video. He helped answer some of the questions I was left with after watching your first video. Now this video answers most the the questions that the Alpha Phoenix video left me with. Good job.
My take away is it's magic.
The image at 10:02 and thinking about V=IR made it click for me.  . I really appreciated the battery image before it, but I can't see a water analog behaving differently; as much water would enter the pump (battery) as would exit it.
yeah yk add a low pass filter and assume all famous videos are axaserations
Someone has taken NLP courses.  *Breathy*...*fake excitement*...
Rofl, the first thing I thought about when I started watching was that I learnt this from a Rick Hartley video. I was pleasantly surprised at the end!
Are you kidding me? You just admitted that it was all a trick. You made it seem like the speed of propagation of the energy through the wire was the question, but it was just induction on a small distance. This is like those trick questions on a test at school, the only one who thinks it's funny is the teacher. I'm so disappointed that you wanted to cause that confusion.
You are describing an antenna.   Place a transmitting wire (antenna) next to a wire and you will induce a current in that open ended wire next to it.
Electrons in a Newton's cradle
So, basically... it's all magic?
This is why I love physics. Often we give a simple explanation to phenomena happening around us. But the actual correct explanation is quite complex and quite intriguing.
One thing, flow always follows the path of least resistance. It happens with water, wind, freaking fire so electrons too. That is why they know which way to go. They don't.
<3
A pity that you did not demonstrate the different time constants of this setup on the scope. I'm happy though, that I'm a DC volt-nuts only, so I have to cope  with stationary problems mostly.
So, I feel like just saying induction would have saved some time.
That's cool and all but I'm still waiting for the Thunderf00t response.
I love it when science youtube fights and I get to just learn by watching the videos that come out.
You're a class act Derek.  Love the way you approached this video
Says you
Would that mean that holding a cord with a sufficient electromagnetic field close to a lightbulb would turn the light on? And second does this not mean that electrical devices interfere with eachother in their powercords? Why is this not an issue, because it is too little?
14:14 for a second there you can see why DC transformers are not a thing.
so are the electrons themselves particles or waves?
Great video! Great explanation! I have nothing to add.
Googoogaagaa. I only understood like 65 to 80 % of this video
And still, the question from initial video is misleading and manipulative. If course there is a voltage splash, but it's not "lighting up" of the bulb.
Your first video was clearly missleading, and in my opinion this one contains too much approximations that can count as "lies".  1) Can you show us the LED on the circuit ? No. It will either blow-up at full voltage or always be ON because of noise... Surely both. You forgot to precise that.  2) Your schematic and the way you describe the experiment was wrong. It's what people understand because it's what you say.  3) "What I mean is that the bulb turn on no matters the state of the circuit." The bulb analogy is really a problem, once again. Proof is that you where not able to use one in the experiment.  4) Given the last video was sponsored by a wireless LED brand (it was only visible in the description), I have serious doubt on your goal. Was it not the goal to misslead people to think that everything is wireless, so that a wireless LED is basicaly the same as a classic LED  bulb ? You say AGAIN in this video that wire are useless by speaking of inductance phone charger... You forgot to say that wireless charging only work very close and consume a lot more, even when the two wire are almost in contact. In my opinion, a better analogy is a transformator. The two wire never contact but the current follows the electric field.
Ничего не понял, но было очень интересно, спасибо)
I like seeing YouTube becoming a place for debate its cool
So your claim is that a light switches on when you bring a battery close to it without them touching each other?
Well done as always! I explained this phenomenon to my daughters using the good old waterhose-anology. Looking into the open end of a waterhose you will get wet at the speed of sound (in water and ignoring any flexibility in the hose) after the moment your sister opened the tap-valve. I know this mixing up transversal vs. longitudinal waves but it still nicely does the job of illustrating what ist going on.
Dude you have so many white hair, you need some good rests.
Came for the science, stuck around for the humility.
So first you made a video that (perhaps unintentionally) made people offer their own solutions to a problem, then made a second video explaining the misconceptions and how the physics actually work. Derek you sly dog, this is just like your old videos where you interviewed people on the street about physics in their daily lives! Well done, I really liked this video and it made me think of circuits in a new way. Thank you :)
Love the videos. It engaged the science community on things that we don't think to much about and challenges what we accept as the truth.
I think if you would have had the copper tubes spaced closer with less gap there would have been more field coupling between the 2 conductors which would have lead to higher capacitance between conductors which would have generated a higher initial voltage and current through the resistor.
This series of videos was really great. I definitely learnt something. Although I think it's understandable why we don't teach about electricity this way.   Prior to this video my working understanding of circuits was to view the wires as electric field pipes. Such that whatever electric field/ potential difference existed at the battery terminals gets carried to the component being loaded. I think I will continue to think about circuits this way! And I don't feel that bad for thinking about them this way. However, now I know that the energy to accelerate the electrons within the wire is being pumped in by an electric field around the wire... Cool!
If this is was few mistakes dose, then you should make them more often
If I put my phone on a wireless charger and plugged it into a wired cord, would it charge faster?
Correct me if I'm wrong but I believe this explains why wireless transmission of power is possible as proven by Nikola Tesla over a hundred years ago.  Although I don't believe its practical, at least not yet.
I usually understand these, but this went way over my head
Damn the nay-sayers, lightspeed ahead. I knew you were right the first time.
Would it at all be correct to draw the following analogy, for the reason the following hypothesis is false:  Air particles transfer the energy from the lungsthe load (filling a balloon). Also, and I'm over my head here but can we explain motion, force and things like action at a distance in similar terms ?
Someone else did this first
Imo one of the problems of the first video was that it seemed like distance of the switch to the bulb was negligable since circuit diagrams normally don't care about distances.
Why would anyone doubt?  The gap is under voltage!  … and when it finally gets connected, it's 1/c.  P. S. Derek, what about "fast speed" you're using? The speed is a measure and it can't be fast, it can be high though.
Tesla understood this a long time ago. He also said electricity is free. Which was his downfall. The powers that be # $$$$$. Edison wanted to sell it. Lol 🤣
This seems like it mimics our nervous system
Theory and practice ought to be the same, in theory.
I'm a genius
As a neuroscientist I'm curious if this applies at the scale of mylenated neurons?  We tend to think of the fields in the brain (such as the LFP) as purely a *consequence* of (largely dendritic) activity. But this seems to imply that current flowing down axons may have some complicated interactions?
I think i understood alot or almost everything. The part that left me wondering was that example with the wire next to the circuit. Is it then possible to connect a LED Bulb to a loose wire which is next to a circuit and if the circuit closes, the LED Bulb lights up? How is it possible for LED Bulb to light up if the circuit is not really complete?
I love it when the science YT community disagrees. All participants try to come up with well-founded arguments and each can help progress understanding in a different way because they all have their own approach. Even if they are wrong, which inevitable some of them are, the error helps comprehension.
He is a great guy
My man goes from Electronic to electrical engineering in 2 parts
Your last video made me very confused as well, this one does a much better job at explaining. Thanks a lot, I was not aware this was even possible. The experiment you did to show the result was a cherry on top.
"Wires channel the field" So it was magic!
What happens if you use silver instead of copper?
That very more clear explanation, but now it made me question another thing. Why do we need a switcher if the energy if produced by the magnetic field and the battery even disconnected have magnetic field. Why not only moving a battery close to a closed circuit doesn’t start make the energy flow? or Why not simply moving the bateria close to the bulb doesn’t make it light up?
As if this has never happened before?
I have been waiting for months for this video. Simply awesome!
This back and forth between all these people has been pure awesomeness!! Most of them are squeezing their brains to show as clear as possible some very interesting stuff about electronics, and almost none of them are being deliberately deceptive nor misleading in their arguments. It's great to see that we can engage between people this way!
How fast will the light bulb light if the wire is inter-coiled instead of running straight? The poynting vector doesn't point to the lightbulb in that case right?
So this wouldn't work if the wire was perfectly insulated
So, you are really talking about a radio transmitter and receiver, not talking about turning on a light bulb in the traditional electric circuit manner. I get it now. Why not just say that this is how radio transmitters / receivers work? Hertz demonstrated this in 1887, more than a century ago. Apparently everything old is new again.
The challenge of the first video was knowledge and research. You ask a question and expect people to think.  Well I understood your "trick" after you revealed it and still thought the capacitance of the wire would be negligible and a common lightbulb wouldn't light up from it, then the current would catch up after traveling through the wire and turn on the lightbulb. I think people were expecting fair game between the answer and the question. You say it is a superconductor? Good. But if you say it is a lightbulb what has to light up I'll assume that too. The problem isn't about people not being convinced, or not explaining it well enough or deep enough, or a difference between the point of view and the observed experiment so common in relativity and other fields. what brought conflict and so many responses is you chosing when to see it as a thought experiment and when to apply practicality, and you can see this on the mixed responses from professionals Alpha Phoenix did my favorite response because it illustrates
Love your content man... Very humble and +ve impact on sustainable human life
I loved it, reminiscent of your bullet block experiment video asking for people to send their video responses (back when those were a thing 😂)
5:19 : How in the world would a battery alredy has a magnetic field? To me this is by far THE least amount of sense for me to consider.
U wonder if this is why my oculus controllers lose battery when i leave them near my heated floor
Why the hell people still arguing that the bulb shines because of electron flow from the battery, folks please read the maxwell theorem he debunked this theory way back around early 1800
👍🏻
I've followed this from the start, and I am so glad you made this.  It, and all the previous other response videos have made this really clear now.  It really reminds me of my physics classes at GT when I was a much younger engineer back in the 70s.  The tools kids have there today to help them understand things are just amazing to me.  All I had back then was a TI-100 calculator.  This is thrilling!
This is why I love Veritasium. Although I'm not a stranger to difficult maths, it's really refreshing to sometimes see the more complicated stuff broken down. It connects pop science with actual science and brings incredible depth while still being light to digest.
So everything you've said is only true in a situation where bulb-switch distance is small enough,
**Sigh**  Physicists
You could place a metallic reflector between the battery/switch and the bulb to prevent the transient field to reach the bulb
I actually learned this recently. Glad they are putting it out there because I had always learned it the way everyone else thought.
Can we block the electric field from the wires close to the lamp? When does the light go on then?
I prefered the original video title.
When the bulb is a meter or two from the switch it seem to make sense but at some point the field originating from the swtich will dissipate and the switch-bulb distance cannot be relevant, where am i wrong ?
It's the internets law. You just have to state something wrongly VERY CONDIFENDTLY and you will be corrected immediently.
Nice model....but one question... why was it build up that  high, so that you had to use a ladder?  Would it not have been easier and ergonomic to build it at chest hight? 🙄
I don't understand why this video was necessary. You explained all of this well enough in the prior one for me, a layperson. The sub-Atlantic cable explanation especially related the necessary concepts. I appreciate that you dumbed it down for your critics, but I don't think you're going to change their minds if the previous video didn't. That said, great video on its own.
The problem with the original video is that it was saying that this was showing how electricity really works in circuits. But what you were actually showing is how wireless charging works.
Great follow-up video.   To be honest, the first one was a bit confusing especially after going around watching others' response videos which conflating the problem even more.   Thank you for caring enough about this to ensure we get the proper information!
Now waiting for debunking videos
Dereck is just wrong. He demonstrated that an antenna would pick up a signal from a wire 1m away in 1/C seconds.  Which we know.  Derek's main error was failing to define the word "on".  Even in the examples in this video you can see the immediate induced current. You would see this even if the two sides of the circuit were not connected. Much later we see the fully developed steady state current.  I think Alpha Phoenix actually did this experiment.
I disagree in saying it's the field not the electrons, you cannot separate a field from it's particles, they are the same thing.
The first video spread so-called "misinformation" which is now a punishable crime,  according to experts like chief virologist Neil Young vs Joe Rogan/Spotify, Justin Trudeau vs anti-vaxxers,  Depp fans vs Amber Heard. It's not enough to be wrong, and even admit to being wrong, the misinformation spreader must be ostracized, punished and ultimately canceled to deter anyone else from attempting to spread it, namely  misinformation
This feels like Edinson vs Tesla, but more cordially. Thank you for continuing the discussion and always bringing good considerations. Excellent content for sure!
Confused
I agree with ur theory 👌
I'm glad I answered that question right 😊 PS An excellent explanation! Where were you 30 years ago? (I was driving my physics teacher crazy at school with all those questions about elictricity she could't answer)
Soooo magic
How is a battery depleted then? Is the energy just lost as light and heat?
Nice going with the thumbnail, just noticed you switched it. Spreading the knowledge 🤙🏻
What I think was misleading in the first video was that you didn't specify that only a small fraction of the power jumps to the bulb instantly and the rest does not reach it until it goes through the loop And what if the distance between the car battery and buld was not 1 m but 20 meters. How small would the power reaching the bulb instantly would be? I believed the first video's principle, the result just seemed way off. Now it sounds a lot more believeable.
I find it funny that this is a well tested result about electric field but we are not taught this in school.  On the other hand the failed and incomplete theories of atomic structure keep showing up every year with some new crap added to it
Ok, this video blew my mind thanks for making a follow-up video on the question.
Bottom line. The original video title "Energy does not flow in wires" was correct  Poynting vector showed it all along. I think we can all agree that this point has been validated- whether in AC or in DC. Feynman may have been mad at this concept in his lectures, but Maxwell/Poynting truth still stands : the energy does not flow in the wire - The wire is just a 3D road for the energy. In fact, whenever the Poynting vector dives into the wire, it indicates lost EM energy appearing as heat. The bulk of the Poynting vectors still make it from the battery to the load, parallel to the wire. This indicates energy is transmitted in a spatial cylindrical "sheath" around the wire
This was a very informative video, and I believe we are on the same page!   Thank you for the shootout and for going to the trouble of clarifying things.
Does this mean I can light up an LED without connecting it to a battery? - but through "stealing" the energy from a field from another circuit?
*Whisper* Derek.... keep your face clean shaven and dye your hair. You're still a young man.
A mistake that makes the whole world better understand how electricity really works, is probably the best mistake of the decade. Especially relevant when we consider the point of miniaturization our technology is currently in. You video was not wrong, it did spark a debate which everyone is better for being part of.
Link to Rick Hartley video please?
To be fair, this has very little to do with circuits and more with antennas.   This entire thought experiment is just about building an antenna to transfer some power to a lightbulb. Nobody thinks antennas transfer power through a line, because they don't have a line. So while you're technically correct, you have managed to completely overcomplicate something just to say that unshielded wires radiate.
Awesome
Such a cool thought experiment
Outstanding!  The transmission line model at 16:14 also does a great job of explaining the phenomenon at a lumped element level.  In that sense, each wing of the circuit is a shorted stub, which behaves like a simple short at certain frequencies.  If you fed an AC signal at such a frequency (eg roughly 300/length MHz), it would be as if the long wings weren't there at all.     What people might find weird is that, if both ends were open, each wing would still behave like a simple short at other AC frequencies, notably 150/length MHz, these lengths in meters.  You could open the ends, drive it at that frequency, and run a light bulb "normally." . This fact is used to measure the electrical length of parallel transmission line:  you can drive one end with an AC signal while leaving the other end open, and finding the lowest frequency where it behaves like a short:  c=fλ, and the line is λ/4 at this frequency.  You can also measure the characteristic impedance with similar tricks.
So out from this. Wires are pointless.  And you should be able to stop the current going trouth the wires without cutting it. And what if you have a Faraday cage around the wires?😐 I guys the ailiens have figured this out sins thay dont use wires in thare UFOs :)
JFM. That’s what make the angry pixies move around inside an electrical system. JFM.
Considering what I know from the real world this makes sense, like the reason metals are conductive is because metal have a lot more free flowing electrons then other materials, and the way that motors and generators work makes more sense with this explanation, as I know that  magnetic fields and electric fields interact with each other, as well as magnetic fields with electrons, meaning magnetic fields could move those electrons a small amount and generate that electric field.
So let's get this straight. The position of the switch in the curcit is the defining factor of the question?
3:47 i am just amateur student so this doubt might be stupid anyways here you said Electron gets it energy from Electric field and therefore it didn't carry the energy from the battery implying no time delay But the thing is didn't electric field will take time to sort of develop in the circuit after switching on the circuit ( since field travel at light speed i can safely assume it will take 1 second if the circuit 300million meter long ) its not like electric field was always there or was it (v sauce impression)
was there a reason you set up the pipes on stands that held them up so high off the ground? And if so why that particular hieght?
Man, you have probably introduced me to the one book I have always dreamed about physics. I always had the feeling the way is taught was missing the point somehow. And that while making a great video.
Story time.  Around the time your first video came out my dad was working on a small electronics project. He had a handful of battery powered LED ornaments that he had wired in parallel to a low voltage power supply. It worked when he turned it on, but, to his surprise, switching the ornaments off didn't work.  Even disconnected from the power supply the LED's would slowly dim over several days.  As a certified technician I understood what was happening immediately, but it reminded me of your video.  Magnetic Induction is such a small thing in your average circuit that the short hand explanation is good enough, but with very efficient components like LED's and large (by the standards of an electron) circuits the effects can be interesting sometimes.  Ultimately I told him to use a dpdt switch to short out the circuit in addition to removing the power supply.  In case anyone was curious.
Cunningham's Law in action
Written by Derek Muller Edited by Derek Muller Filmed by Trenton Oliver and Petr Lebedev Animation by Mike Radjabov and Ivy Tello Additional video/photos supplied by Getty Images Music from Epidemic Sound and Jonny Hyman Produced by Derek Muller, Petr Lebedev, and Emily Zhang
Posting consistently...apperciate it.
So what you are saying is that we just could use one wire not connected to anything and Kilometers further have another wire not connected and the second wire would catch the electric field of the first one?  If one were to let’s say modulate the amplitude of the signal sent you could use it to wirelessly send communication signals acros large areas! What a shame Maxwell never thought of that
How science works: experiments and measurements, and - per Richard Feynman - "If the theory doesn't agree with the experiment, it's _wrong_ ." If only we could do this for the Q-anon conspiracy nuts!
Okay you made an in dept video about this (love it btw). Can you also make a sesame street level video? Asking for a friend. I have only 1 question: Why does only 1 lightbuld go on when I turn the switch and not multiple? Even my LED's stay off when I fick a switch at home. How does that work?
i mean i understood your origonal video. i dont do electronics but im doing higher level mathamatics and used to be interested in the physics of the electron field.   I think some people just skipped parts of your video because your views didnt align with theres however i do like all these interesting videos we got from it and i love this one too. Though im starting to see a pattern in your videos. Say things vague enough some people will disagree then make better explination later. Im not complaining im enjoying it. just wanted to call you out.   Love your videos btw long time fan!
Excellent First time i saw this experiment i was confused. It is so interesting to see how electricity actually works.
And what if the switch is moving away from the light at c - and is then switched?
Ok, now I'm finally able to understand it.
The issue I have is that you are mixing a discussion of conductance with electrons travelling along a wire with electromagnetic radiation caused by changes in the flow of electrons around a circuit. Again you move from single conductor, to closely spaced conductors, to transmission line theory, and continuous current flow against a pulse. So your initial premise is that in some way electricity seems to travel around a circuit at speeds greater than the speed of light when if fact, the lamp is illuminated by a radiating electromagnetic field which is not travelling along a wire at all. So the original video was hugely misleading and this video is basically in accordance with the transmission line and waveguide theory I learned at college 50 years ago. Nothing new under the Sun.
It would be great to run the experiment with the other wire that isn't connected on the end to confirm it behaves the same like in the simulations. Great video though.
Thanks Derek! This was exciting and you commenting the responses in the end was really wholesome <3
So maybe Tesla was trying to achieve ( at least saying it could happen ) something like this in his idea of free electricity across the globe? Don't know that it's the right way to compare 🙂
I think it was a case of ‘knowing to much’. All these experts, some I have great respect for, all seemed to miss the point. Not saying I am smarter, coz I am not, I barely follow any of the things they( or Derek) says, but, because of that fact, I think that allowed me to understand what he was getting at and not get bogged down in unimportant technicalities that some other content creators did. Or so it seemed to me when I went down the rabbit hole of watching all the response videos. Kind of like if you said that going to a black tie event, you were dressed up like a penguin, and someone saying that being in fancy dress as a bird was inappropriate for such a party.
This is probably a dumb question but what is causing the surface charges to form, why are the electrons moving to the surface of the wire or away from it
This is why this channel is Veritasium
my whole high school physics has been a lie
I love that you continually prove people wrong through your science.   It just goes to show that just because many people agree on something doesn't mean its accurate or right, and that one person can be right in spite of the naysayers.  Don't fall for group think
I haven't even watched the original video but now I want to know who was that emotionally charged guy with charming smile on 1:55
💛
I’m glad you mentioned alpha phoenix! That guy is nothing short of brilliant.
This would have been incredibly helpful to me for my Electricity and Magnetism core curriculum at Caltech about 20 years ago...
Electrical engineer here. Great video. Also a design engineer...Why was the practical example circuit build so far off the ground?
so. how does a chip works ?
in your small experiment, you can alter the position of the switch from near the load, to various points on the loop, and at the end of the loop.  measure the delta t and delta x for each position and plot on a graph, it should have a slope of C and be a straight line on a linear x-t graph.  another variant of the experiment, make the conductors in the shape of a circle rather than an extended loop or parallel wires to reduce the two wire proximity aspect, reducing the effect of the initial charge bump.
I really like this video!!
I'm glad to see that the scientific community work so hard to improve the way it pass information to the casual public these days, even contradictory opinions help to maintain the correct answer
I'm so glad you didn't let this one slide. It's important that theoretical physics gets a turn, every so often, to blow people's minds about how the world actually works. A reminder why theoretical physics research is so incredibly important to technological progress.
Great video ! I got what you meant the first time but this one make the subject more understandable.  You show us how involve you're in making good content! Thanks
Look up " Magnetic River" Eric Laithwaite electrical engineer that invented the linear induction motor.
Omg that one professor looks like that Russian magician from that show Magician. He is even wearing the grey cap!
This video is so damn good and exceptionally well explained, now I hate Maxwell and electricity in general. Thank you Derek!
Veritasium: uploads video about how  electricity actually works. ElectroBoom: It doesn't, it goes Boom!  Naw, he didn't say that but he did Comment as fast as Light;0   I felt the boom 💥  all the way over here.                                                     Kon Chez Vol 0                                                  ..../. ,,/2022
Can someone answer this: how long does it take for the connecting wire (1 light second in length) to get charged and produce the electric field? What does he mean by "Instantaneous" and "negligible"?
What could be alternate of wire to guide the field.?   Wireless power transmission is need a serious push...
The electric field is like boiling water.  The electrons vibrate until they give off "steam" which is flux.
Nikola Tesla proved that  wireless transmission of  electricity is very possible.  It can be broadcast like Radio.
Hey, I have a new topic for you: This is the problem I imagine:  A friend and you are in the space, both holding the sides of a stick which length is 1 year light. The stick is perfectly solid and robust, and very thin. I know it is impossible, but imagine the mass of the stick is 10 Kg in total, or just imagine each of you have infinite strength to pull the stick. My question is: if one of the two pulls one side of the stick, how much time it will take for the other to actually notice? Would it be 1 year? Less? Does the pull propagate in space as it was wave?
I'm not even remotely intelligent enough to add anything meaningful to this discussion but i just wanted to comment on how incredible the effect of Derek's first video was.  I have never seen such an incredible response to an idea. The complete and utter shitstorm that the initial video created was amazing.  But i suppose this is the awesome thing about science and the scientific community, right? Someone makes a claim that seems outlandish and  it gets everyone talking to the point where people are conducting their own experiments to find the truth and discussing every possible factor involved.
In this video does he claim he was 100% perfect in the original clickbait?
Best youtube drama ever lol
This channel is bought and paid for,  we of the Haitian dynasty want to know about this cordless tv, a tv that powers itself? Give us the science on that black magic......... Dominique Joachin The Hood Church
so the traveling electrons are tiny surfers.
What would happen when you would put the conducting wire inside a metal tube what acts as a Faraday cage? Would that stop the electric field from reaching across to the other side and thereby eliminating this effect and as a result the correct must actually flow all the way around - through the wire - before any current flows through the load? Is this actually what happens with coaxial cables?
Derek I don't think you should have delved much deeper than you already have in the previous video. You're trying to reach a wide audience, whose technical knowledge is probably fairly limited. So you gloss over many details, sometimes even give half-truths, in order to relay an idea and educate. You're also trying to keep it interesting and short enough to maintain the viewer's attention.   This current video, while fantastic, has probably gone over the head of a large portion of your viewers, with its technical terms and formulas. This works fine as a response video to everyone who scrutinized your previous one, but I would argue that they just missed the point of your videos in the first place.  Could you have been more accurate when describing the experiment? probably. But that doesn't mean your previous video didn't work for what it was intended as, so I wouldn't go as far as taking all or even most of the blame for any confusion. The video is not a scientific paper, it's a introductory lesson.
you cant explain everything right the first time, if you did that you would have one less video on your channel!
I have to admit, I understood less than I'd hoped for, but at least I got enough information that I can now better appreciate the importance of shielding cables.
I think the old thumbnail was better.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING
It’s a shame that society requires public figures to apologize for other people’s misunderstandings. Even if I hadn’t understood your video, I wouldn’t expect you to apologize just because I was too wrapped up in my “righteous indignation” to bother understanding you. Still, even though it sucks that you’re expected to “be the better man,” at least you can know that you actually are in this case. XD
So, if I flipped a switch on and off I could detect it in a wire totally disconnected from the original circuit and the delay would be c/distance. Neat, but is there any practical application?
In regards to the resistance to your first video, I would say you sparked a great discussion and fielded a great response. I didn't think it was possible, but currently I have even more respect for you. Thankyou for Poynting us all in the direction of science and positivity!
11:12 - He says that current(drift velocity of electrons) starts flowing through the switch and that creates electric field and surface charges at the speed of light. But he also says earlier that drift velocity of electrons is very less. Isn't this contradictory?  Also, how exactly the surface charges get created by the battery?
Why the image is soo.. Like it was recorded in a lower FPS.. Also, on other videos, when you select the quality, they tell 1080p60fps, but on this video is not the case, why?
Kudos to following up and clarifying the original but more than that for establishing debate and discussion and ultimately understanding within the engineering and scientific community. It has been fascinating to watch but on a personal level enjoyed taking time to revisit what I “knew”. My conclusion then was not that you were wrong, but the way it was explained could have been better. With this video I think you have gone a long way to correct that. At the end of the day, for the vast majority of cases the lumped circuit model and transmission lines are sufficient.   There is a fine line between engineer and physicist, sometimes!
what about incandecent bulb warmup delay?
Great to see that after 200+ of years of knowing about electricity we finally start to understand how it works:D
Today on double-downium...
A veritasium video that isn't incomprehensible/bending the facts/misleading/outright wrong? HOW?????????? Am I hallucinating????????????
The video of alpha Phoenix is better explanation than this. But at the end its the same point :)
Are you guys still trying prove that ELECTRICARY exists, Don't you know that it's made by angry pixies. 🙄🤣
When you accidentally sit on the nerd table at school. Im kiding i love science i just wanted to make this joke.
All of that was told to me in 1991 by my Professor of Electrotechnics in the Austrian HTBLA (Higher technical education institute) already. My whole life I pictured electrical current within the fields. People still aren't used to that by now? Humans are learning very slowly, aren't they?
Thank you beautiful mind 👍
14:25 just curious... Was this Tesla's idea when a future with no wires were possible? I am not a physics student so I don't understand most but since i'll take this up in engineering, i might as well be more curious
Dude, since your video on the history of lead poisoning in the US and the world, I've been obsessed with your channel 🙌🙌
I think it's very important for humanity to understand that electricity is not Newtonian but quantum in its workings. This wellness opens the door for New ways of energy distribution. It brings closer the ingenious discoveries of Tesla and I really appreciate this material for  bringing it forth. Blessings 💗
In the video the electrical field radiated from the switch when it was closed, so am I right in thinking that the "first second" effect would be governed by the position of the switch rather than the battery? Hope I've phrased this right
Science YouTubers assemble!! Great video. Physicists vs electrical engineers:)
I really really really didn't understand it :/
always thought the electrons moved through the wire at high speeds.
Did it make any quantitative difference that there were thick copper pipes instead of little wires?
Spinning magnets
Damn.. Copper pipe, 2X4 lumber, ear 2022 He must be rich!  No need to show off! lol
Fake. Everyone knows that it comes from Mr. Electric in sharkboy and lavagirl
I'm still confused about what you said about this still working, even if the circuit is broken off at some point. First of all, why would the unconnected piece of wire have a positive surface charge to balance out with the negative surface charge at the switch? And in the animation after that, there was no disconnect in the circuit. And if it worked without the circuit being closed, shouldn't the same thing happen without the switch being closed? Still a lot of things that are unclear to me but if the circuit is connected and the current being induced by the field is less negligible than I thought, it does sound plausible. Good video nonetheless.
This is why you disconnect the negative terminal in a car before the positive.
What is an electric field, AND shouldn't the speed limitation in accelerators be the limit of the field itself and not Einstein's theoretical speed limit for a particle?  How can you expect to push a car faster than you can run?
now the next video pls explain causality
Thank you for all your contents. You entertain my mind with valuable information. Please keep them coming. Some day the world would be a better place despite our differences we can find common grounds to dialog,  discuss and grow as a whole respecting one another's points, concerns and or opionions.
I'm not a electrician.  But I sure as h*ll can already see a part three coming on this subject. BTW ... how are the Squirrels?  AND were they curious about this experiment? With all the time you spent staging that experiment I would have used that even further to justify your reasoning.  Looks like you had at least 5 others helping you set that up.
Please get speech therapy from a nostril breather, your mouth-breather dialect keeps making me want to puke and it is hard to uptake information through your wrong/mouth-breather sense of language.
Another great video on this topic
Which came first,  the electron or the field? I vote for the electron.
What is a Field ?
This explanation is still wrong on many levels, as is the interpretation of the experiment. Turning on DC instantaneously is not DC, but AC at many frequencies, including radio frequencies (Fourier expansion of the step function). The RF is transmitted across the wires and leads to a small current through the bulb after a time = distance/c. This contribution quickly dies off when the circuit turns DC (as seen from the brief overshoot). In the steady state, no energy is transmitted across the wires. You can also prove that no appreciable portion of the energy (certainly not all of the energy) is transmitted by fields far from the wires by using coaxial cables. They will work just fine for DC. Also note that household AC behaves essentially as DC, as there is no radio transmission at 50 or 60 Hz. Of course the (net) charges and fields in the wires are on the surfaces, that has been a well-known fact for many decades.
I'm 1 minute in and I already like the video!
It’s kind a like compressed air with dust. Compression and suction are magnetic fields and dust are the electrons
8:55 "steepest gradient of surface charges..."-!? Go you not k ow that "gradient" already implies "multitude" = "charges" is redundant in this statement? You mean *steepest gradient of surface charge.* Stop overusing redunda t conjugation, especially in overuse of the suffix "s,"  *you vile mouth-breather.*
this is wrong on so many levels ..  just shows "the quality" of mass educators  the guy has not accounted for electric permittivity, conductivity, and the reasons why wires concentrate electric field and thus work as conductor of energy. Yes, electron do carry energy - it is their kinetic energy, that is then accompanied by em energy, or then transferred via em energy. The experiment proves him wrong actually but he still does not see it but interprets the em induction of the wire loop, or of the switch spark as him being right.. Did he ever practise radioelectronics?! Any switch has a spark jumping across, which carries a lot of energy, you should have eliminated that, you sh scientists..   And notice who was his helper?!! Another pseudoscie... - the guy who detects what should not have existed if according to their mainstream "science" - gravitational waves ))) if gravity is a space distortion, you would not be able to detect that in principle ...   so do not worry, the answer to the question is as you common sense tells you - the BULB would turn on no faster than the speed of light divided by the length of wires.. that is if the experiment is set up PROPERLY..
Is it possible to stop electricity with powerful enough magnetic field, by stopping the surface charge?
So what you’re saying is…….??
Hello
A lot of what Tesla described is nowuch clearer to me. Thank you for this, fields are quite incredible. I wish I knew what they were!!!!!!!
I'm 30, I did electrical engineering at college and yet I never understood how electricity worked fundamentally, the whole electrons flowing explenation never made sense to me. Yet with your explenation it just clicked.
You learn the most when you make mistakes... :D
Stop using the word "create" for *generate,* they are not interchangeable terms(only mouth-breathers are stupid enough to believe they are). *To create is* to insanity manifest something from nothing = *not a process. PEOPLE CAN NOT CREATE!!*
When I turn on the light at home, which distance determines how fast the bulb ligts up? Distance between the power plant and the bulb? Distance between the switch and the bulb? Distance between the nearest closed circuit and the bulb?
After months, Finally the  debate is settled, I suppose 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 It was really overwhelming to see other YouTuber and Physicists react and take part.
I like that whole Youtube discussion between Derek and ElectroBoom and others speaking the language of science
Well plaid Ve, I hypothesized you deliberately made the 1st video ambiguous to bring all the bees back to the hive for discussion. It worked as planned....Now tell me Veritasium, was it mear coincidence? Or the former? It doesn't matter, in the end we all won. It turned into a lecture for as all. I thinks so.
You made a less than clear video the first time and were taken to task by the community.  The tone of this video was "I was right all along".  Got to say it was not a high moment for you. The science was good, then tone was not.  I'm guessing your a last word kind of guy in real life
11:50 Let me make sure i am understanding. Are you saying the nonzero electric field inside the conductor at the switch junction is what propagates at c to the lamp and causes a current there? The strength of this electric field would then be a function of the distance between the lamp and junction, no? At least until the surface current have equillibriated, or are you saying that takes 1/c time too?  EDIT: Okay i should have finished the video, based on what you said right after this (lol) i think i interpreted it correctly, and the equillibriation of surface charge actually takes the full time it takes for the electric field at the junction to make it's way around the loop. The 1/c impulse is not the full current.
it was a pleasure to watch this video. it is ALWAYS a pleasure to watch your video. all of them. thank you! great job!
How many Engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Trick Question. Engineers will spend a year discussing the fundamental principles of electricity. AND forget about the light bulb. 😀
First time it was "1/c s", now it's "1m/c"  . Having been corrected , our teacher friend still gets the units wrong. It's 1m/c seconds. Always check what your teachers tells you !!
I have often wondered why you shouldn’t put tight bends in cat6 network cables as the signals can jump from one wire to another or simply go straight ahead.  I’m guessing it disrupts the fields you are talking about.  The circuit board designer was probably talking about a similar process.
why do you change your thumbnails
Cool! This is a so much better explanation of the original video. Thanks!
I feel like I have to say this is the pinacle about what I enjoy about this channel, the kind of scientific discussion it creates within the community is so much fun and it really get's you thinking about a topic. Also, it's just so good to see when things go "wrong" like this, science is all too often portrayed as an absolute truth.
bigFNclive!
old classic physics vs engeneer explanations. Go physics!
Love your work Sir - well done!
Honestly I don't think it's your fault people misunderstood the video, I mean I have no idea about math or anything, but what I got from the original is the concept of how energy flows, and it's an interesting video because before that I thought the battery sent the energy to the bulb, but I feel like people are so obsessed on trying to prove you (and other people) wrong that they completely miss the point by focusing on technicalities that, even if they were correct, don't really serve a purpose to a general audience, and idk I guess I just feel bad because this channel makes really great videos and I think YouTube needs more people like you, but it seems like there's a percentage of people who don't appreciate that
I love how Derek keeps altering the title and thumbnail regularly to achieve the best results. Great commitment!
I agree with everything you said, the only inaccuracy in this video is you saying that the Poynting vector indicates the direction of energy flow. It does not.  Imagine a charged capacitor having a constant and time independent electric field E. Now imagine putting a constant and time independent magnetic field normal to the E field using some kind of magnet. The Poynting vector is given by E x B and is nonzero, yet no energy is flowing! We should all agree that no energy is going anywhere because literally nothing is happening.  The solution to this conundrum is as follows:   The only thing that is physically meaningful about the pointing vector is its closed surface integral which tells you the energy flux across that surface. This result is called the Poynting theorem.  In the setup presented in this comment the closed surface integral is always zero.  Great video but this was a common misconception about the Poynting vector.  cheers!  PS I am sorry for my English
19:51 can we just appreciate the best stock video in the history of stock videos? She's literally explaining how to screw in a light bulb!
Other youtubers challenging your previous video is helping you getting better and making you more famous in the community. I always enjoy your videos. Keep up the good work.
Wasn't even aware of the beef. Love the in depth look
Are you not entertained?
This is perhaps the best video explaining how electricity actually works ever (well, that I have found). This should be shown in every physics class, thank you!
You are a genius!!!
Great video - the one thing missing is demonstrating the opposite case. I.e. when your bulb/switch is at the distant ends of the wire and that you get a completely different response in your resistor. Not exactly sure how you would do that but would demonstrate the principle of the load vs source is dependant on their relative position rather than the elements of the circuit itself.
Thank you.
Damn, the first preview picture was better imo
MIND BLOWNNNNN!!! I really wasn't convinced by the first video but now I'm just like WOW!
I am so lucky to have this knowledge for free.
That's why when installing new cables in a factory, you can't just put them all in the same tray. The electric fields can emmit such a strong current into non-live wires, that you could actually die
The amount of time and effort needed to convince others of your argument is inversely proportional to the truth contained within.
This is gonna complicate the checking of "Please explain V=IR" in classrooms!
Friendly reminder that Derek has a PhD in physics and is advised by credible scholars for his videos, unlike the MANY electronics hobbyists on YouTube and Twitch. Let's give him a bit of respect when he poses scientific thought experiments.
XD After I left that video I was like yeah I’m convinced  Now: this video exists  Me: I guess not everyone did XD
Great job :)
The video and explanations are great(I think), but I'm also disappointed that you didn't show us what happens with disconnected wires. You already setup the experiment and it wouldn't need much effort to adjust it for the second major claim in this video.
I wish internet was full of such content, and knowledge. But happy to see whatever little we have. Thank you for making such videos, and bringing scientific community closer.
Changed the thumbnail, classic. But "Are you not convinced"... really? We're talking science topics here and many scientists will give their commentary etc, convincing someone sounds like I can't doubt it anymore. Meh If you cover these, criticism and back and forward analysis will be part of the game as you of course know, it would be great if you made more reponse video's to other topics as well.
would this  cause electric field to be bigger if u had larger surface area of the wire? if u made it 2x as big but a hollow core? would u have better performing wire and transfer?
This was WONDERFUL at many levels, including your grace and continued enthusiasm for collegial communication under good natured pressure. I am curious about the effect of the assumption of superconducting wire in your set up and analysis. Obviously your copper pipe demo circuit broke that condition with no large consequence, but how would a finite wire resistance change the behavior of the astronomical-scale circuit? How did it manifest in the 1km scale circuit?
Wow - this changed how I view circuits. Thank you for an amazing video and explanation!
I'll wait for @electroboon to correct you before watching. :)
20:28 YES that is the sietfeic method :d
I remember my electricity class and how confused i was by the diagrams and that the arrow points one way but the flow is actually opposite and so on. I'm glad i'm not the only one confused about this topic.
I didn't understand the first video. I just didn't. Note, I'm an electrician. Now this one fixed it for me. But what about AC?
Why do big youtubers change their thumbnails within the first 24hours
20:12 That is a good Q
So it's like how Newtonian physics is a practical tool for calculations that allows us to sidestep most of the Einstein's Relativity stuff?
The Sun is lit up by an interstellar Birkland current. It's not a fusion reactor, and it's not made of gas either, it's liquid metalic hydrogen and it's a million times bigger than Earth. If the Sun wasn't there it would be Jupiter getting all the interstellar juice.
I appreciate the shout out to the other YTbers
19:33 YES , but you know how things going if you have prof something .
Ever since I saw YouTube explode with all those other people making videos trying to disprove you, I have been waiting for this video SO MUCH. Thank you Derek!
Great video! The one claim I'm still skeptical of is that the bulb would light if there is a disconnect elsewhere in the circuit. It would have been great to see you test that claim as well!
Did you consider the surface charge of the giant dynamo we all live on?.. any circuit is basically an antenna.. and the national grid a huge antenna! was Tesla right?.. can you take energy from the void!.. has it already been done?... have we been paying for free universal ions collected by the national grid?....
FYI no self-respecting sheepdog moves sheep by barking.  They use silent staring and intimidation.
18:41 That is a loot of money one a ladder
This is a good video, it clarifies what you were saying originally, where the original video was pretty surface level this one is really good and I understand this a whole lot more now.
can someone please explain what is an electric field?
video comes out - I get to feel smart for a while.
The open wire next to the closed one is just an antenna. Everything you show in the video is really how antennas work, so people who disagreed with this in the first place basically denied the existence of antennas without realizing it.
In this video, there is still the discrepancy between the assumption of ideal wires without resistance and the explanation with an electric field driving the electrons inside the straight wires. To be clear, without resistance, there is no electric field inside a straight wire even when there is a current.
Cool story bro
Come on now. We all know it's really Magic produced by intergalactic space wizards, there to enslave us in our reliance upon it.  It's obvious.
It's appalling to me that your previous video got so many unjustified correction claims.   This is a magnificient job you did in illustrating your claim ! Félicitations
As an electrician and electronics technician in manufacturing and automation... I don't care. At some point too much theory is a hindrance to getting results. But for those in a field where this information is useful in getting results, I can see how its good to know.
what if the space between the wires was also 300,00Km??
Oh goody more experiments to prove or disprove the points ant theory
Crushed it
So I think that Nikola Tesla was on the right track to chase the wireless transmitting of electrical energy 🤔
So about these "electrons" ... Why are they all the same?
15:23 OK but most things are simplefield for work with it .. don't dig tranches
14:20 We are still debating But Tesla was working on it WOW WHAT A UNDERSTANDING ON ELECTROMAGNETISM by TESLA he's truly a genius indeed
Due to field effect the yellow line ,which is the voltage across the load rises to 4volt initially....after some time when the the current through the wires reaches the load, the yellow line further rises to 18 volt.  This means that only a fraction of power reaches via e/m waves.While bulk power reaches via electric lines.  In the part 1 of this video series it was suggested that power is delivered via field...however it now seems that field is capable of transferring only miniscule power. This is the reason now led is being illuminated by field effect instead of a appropriately rated incandescent filament bulb, as shown by derek in part2.  Also the simulations show that open ended wires are equally influenced by field effect.This means in part 1 video the astronomical length of wires of half light second are irrelevant...because any piece of metal anywhere in the vicinity will be affected by field effect without need for comnecting wires...this is antenna theory...  It is known to everyone how radio recievers  work by transfer of power from radio stations to antenna of receivers...however this doesnot rule out that electrical wires have no participation in power delivery
Well done educating even experienced electrical engineers on how electricity works. No doubt there will be at least one person in engineering offices around the world educating their co-workers on how it actually works, all while pretending they always knew.
Your videos are great, and the humility and transparency you put into it, including this revisit video, is why I enjoy your channel. Besides, I always felt like the way electricity was explained at school did not make sense, and this serie of videos is really eye opening (even if I still struggle due to my very limited physics knowledge)
Beauty of the scientific method is that even in mistakes you learn a lot of stuff.
Derek, as a fellow Science Communicator, THIS should have been the video you released in the first place. I fear that you wanted to make a clever  answer to expose the misconceptions people have but you focused more on being clever so the science was lost in the clickbait.  I understand from your experience that you need clickbait, but I know that you know that you have to strike a balance.
Lovely to see this very instructive revisit to the problem! The first one left a little befuddled, and i was just learning about the detailed mechanisms of fields at the time. Now with that knowledge, and this clarification, everything clicked way better for me! Very good to see Derek revisit this like this, and stand his ground on his point, but also acknowledge that the experiment could've used a little more explanation. His whole deal is teaching and conveying, so I'm sure he felt a little bad about being misunderstood this much
pog decision to clarify your video.
Why does it feel like he's talking about capacitance and inductance, and not conductance.
Are ur other videos also mistakes?
great video
This video is gold 🙌🙌
Veritasium trying to not get it wrong this time?  😄
Why did you set up your experiment that high and not in a more convenient height to work on? I mean the premises provide sufficient space, as seen at the end of the vid, for others to walk around it.
What you are saying at 13:20 is wrong. I have worked on many battery circuits where the load was near a battery but the wiring and switching is long and distributed farther away. If you have an open on the circuit, your light doesn't come on. Also if you put a load on DC circuit where the positive lead and negative lead are different lengths from one another, of course the time at which the load comes on would change because the difference in potential would be different than if you had even lengths of wires. It doesn't mean it's because the load is closer to the battery physically.  EMF can have an effect on some very sensitive very low voltage components, yes, but you are also saying that a wire near another one will send power because of electrical field is somewhat true but not how everything works. I put low voltage circuits near high voltage ones and it doesn't make the low ones automatically come on because of the high voltage ones, which have more force. Of course in cases of communication where frequency regulation is important, you wouldn't want influence from EMF so you would use a shielded cable to ground to keep the EMF in check. I also work on many electrical panels that have a mix of AC and DC, high and low voltage in the same panel with no issues and there can be hundreds components and circuits in them and some of this theory you are saying if true would not allow the circuits to work properly. Yes it is true you can have wireless electricity (as in an emitter and receiver) but those are specifically made to "tune" the power control.
I am utterly disappointed again. Long ass video, but it fails to present how the bulb is lit up, first with the electric field propagating in each direction with light speed, that can light up bulbs dimly even those that are not in the circuit, but they need that very specific setup (parallel non-shielded wires, etc. as a single light bulb would not light up by itself), and second, the electric field travelling along the wires that light up the bulb normally. Instead of an apology video, we get this mess of an explanation. Okay I guess I will not contradict, the bulb will "light up", but this is not the way power is transmitted, it is the way inductive charging or transformators work. Do these thing exist? I guess so :D
One of the best channels on YouTube Hands down
GAAA!!!!!! So much diligent effort to propagate another mix of correct and distinctly incorrect ideas.  Correct on the 1m/c time to turn on the LED partially, as easily concluded by identifying this as a simple transmission line problem. But incorrect on other parts, including the assertion that the energy is carried by the field(s) and not by the electrons in the wire. There are multiple phenomena at work, and in a simple battery-lamp circuit, the energy is carried in the wire, or to put it another way, the electrons are lifted to a higher potential energy position in the electric field by the battery and then deliver energy to the lamp by falling down an electric field gradient through the lamp back to the "lower" (electron sparse) end of the battery. Similar to pumping water up the gravity field to a higher potential energy state in a water tower, then piping that high water to a turbine where the water falls down the gravity field, exchanging potential energy (wrt gravity) for kinetic energy of the turbine.  At 5:40 Once you connect a wire, the electric file is no longer that of the battery in free air, so that entire line of argument is false.    At 6:27 The whole argument that it's the surface charges that drive the electron movement in the interior of the wire is highly suspect: If true it would imply that in a coax cable, a steady current along the shield would drive a current on the center conductor, and that is not the case.  So I think this is where Derek starts to conflate "instantaneous" or high frequency effects with what happens at DC (zero frequency).   Much of the discussion revolves around the battery putting energy into the field, and the field somehow delivering the energy to the lamp, unaided by electrons.  *Energy to and from fields*  Yes, you can impart energy to a field, a familiar example being supplying a current to a coil to produce a magnetic field, or charging the electric field of a capacitor. Energy is not required to sustain that field: The capacitor can stay charged with no input of energy, and the coil can sustain the magnetic field if connected as a loop for the current to continue flowing around, as implemented in the superconducting magnets used in MRI machines; very little energy is required after the magnet is started up.  And you can later get the energy back from the field, when you connect a load to the capacitor, or block the current in the coil, the latter idea showing up in the transformers of switch-mode power supplies. (OK there are some complexities:  in practical implementation of both there is an intermediate dielectric or magnetically susceptible material helping things out, but the principle applies to plain components in a vacuum.)  And also you don't get the energy back into the original system if you arrange the apparatus as an antenna where a fluctuating combination of electric and magnetic fields will radiate energy into space instead of maintaining it locally.  *Steady State*  What you can't do is somehow transmit energy via the field alone if it has reached steady state. So a battery cannot be driving a lamp solely by virtue of an unchanging electric or magnetic field.  To have some energy effect, there has to be some dynamic element to the picture, and in the case of the DC battery+lamp, that dynamic element is the movement of the electrons along the electric field gradient in the wire.  At DC there's an (unchanging-in-time) electric field gradient along the wire, in which the electrons both participate in creating that gradient by their distribution of their charges, and are driven along the wire by it, and impart energy to the filament by "falling" down that gradient.  It is the interaction of the elecrons with the electric field along the wire that transports the energy from battery to lamp.  *Fields, not electrons -- only for fluctuating fields*   So statements like 14:12 "because energy is carried by fields and not electrons, it can go straight across the gap" are true for fluctuating fields only, and not for DC steady state, and not even dominant for a range of low but widely-used frequencies. Sure, the simulations demonstrate what happens in the initial nano-seconds of _dynamic_ activity, to correctly predict the 1m/c initial turn-on. But Derek doesn't show what the picture looks like at steady state.  *Rick Hartley misused*  Some twists and turns later, to support his "fields are the main actors that carry the energy (not the electrons)", Derek references Rick Hartley "the energy in the circuit is in the fields" -- this takes Harley wildly out of context. He is speaking about designing PCBs for very high frequencies, where the challenge is to get a fast-changing signal from one location to another, degraded in shape as little as possible, while turning as little as possible of the energy from the rapid fluctuations into unwanted (illegal noise) radio wave radiation. And his main thrust in those lectures is that you must understand return signal's path, moving beyond a naive view of the circuit ground (even if a ground plane) as a steady 0V reference with unlimited ability to absorb transient currents... a  a lesson which,  if taken to heart, invokes a LC transmission line model in which there are inductors in _both_ legs of the line, unlike 16:30 but like Dave Jones at 23:09 and Z Y at 23:13.  The version with inductors in just one leg is fine if treating the line as a 2-terminal black box, but not if trying to probe inside the model at intermediate points.  So Hartley's comments on the matter have little bearing on the steady-state DC battery and lamp situations. In the DC battery/lamp situation is a field involved? Yes, but it's non-changing and energy only gets delivered thanks to the movement of the electrons in that field. Both elements are needed.    *Lumped-elements maligned*  And finally, at 21:13, Derek repeats the "what nobody tells you" theme of "the thought experiment was to reveal something that's normally hidden by the way that we think about and teach electric circuits. You know, we use voltage and current and lumped elements because they're more convenient than working with Maxwell's equations, but we shouldn't forget that the main actors are actually the fields."   .... but but but... anyone whose formal education gets as far as "lumped elements" for transmission lines is surely aware that Maxwell's equations are exactly what's condensed into the R's and C's. The distillation of the problem into a transmission line which can further be distilled into just an impedance, immediately "reveals" the "something" of the 1m/c initial turn-on, including the initial step voltage and current calculated from that impedance.  And repeating -- none of this confirms that "the main actors are actually the fields"... they _can_ be in highly dynamic situations, but DC or low frequency situations are dominated by actual electron movement in a field along the wire, and plain old Ohm's Law.
Steamtrees?
If the light comes partially on even if there's a break in the circuit a light second away, why does the built-in switch need to be closed at all?  Why wouldn't the light come partially on just from the battery being inserted?
You‘re the best. Being prof.
I learned a LOT from this, wow!
You make a big deal about it not being electrons pushing eachother or about the movement of the electrons. But aren't the electrons, that are near the switch, pushing on the electrons that are on the other wire across the 1m gap? Doesn't the field come from the electrons' and protons' charges and change of the field come from movement of those charge carrying particles?
Even so. Electrical current is transmitted through wires in a  steady-state circuit, true? Thus energy and power does figuratively 'flow' through wires, true?
Man! My whole highschool education was a lie. Great video
I'm glad you cleared that up.... but.  i still have no idea what you're talking about....
I don't think I've ever learn as much about electricity as when I was watching people answering your first "misleading" video. So thank you for that!
dude.... just stop
This right here is why the scientific community is amazing. We set out a hypothesis, people point out flaws and possible alternative explanations, the idea or explanation is refined and then backed up by experimental evidence.  Huge respect to Derek for admitting that his previous video on the topic could have been clearer, he is a true scientist in this regard.
Veritasium on copium.
rms... nerd
This is just an idea, pardon if I am wrong. According to quantum physics, electrons act like both a particles and waves, so if I am correct, electrons(which is a wave here) transfer the energy not as a particle but a wave...
R u also including the energy used by ur analyzers too?
Yes, this is how it works. And if you make the effort of carefully selecting the right equipment (nice "wires" you have there), you can even get some dim LED light out of it. Great video, btw.
It still seems like the initial video was explaining something that wouldn't have been too complicated in the least descriptive and unintuitive way possible. It also seemed like this was purposefully done to make the video generate more hype from people interpreting it and giving their own caveats to prevent the misunderstanding they'd very likely get from your video
I haven't seen the first video but this video helped me understand how things are powered. Thanks for the help :)
智者千虑必有一失
Bruh...
awesome video!!!
The first cover photo was better then the first one.
Can you explain why your pipes/wires are mounted so high above the ground?
Well did he just convince us that this thing called "induction" exists?
Finally
👏👏👏
Aren't we all just talking about induced current? The current in the bulb is only there because it's within the moving field from the battery wires
So much complicated lingo just to say that the bulb experiences some current due to induction.
Please continue making videos on misconceptions in science. They are very entertaining and informative. They gain a lot of popularity too.
it's amazing how stupid i am!!
you had me at "radius of a proton"
13:26 Would there be a magnetic/electric field in the open circuit as strong as in the closed circuit?  In the illustation it looks like it will create the same field. The short unconnected wire would not have the same surface charge due to not being connected to the positive pole of the battery. It won't be giving off as strong of a field due to a smaller charge gradient between the switch and the short wire. That's my assumption.
That didn't seem complicated at all, it was an excellent example. I'm not a physicist so this question may sound dumb, but what is a field. I know what Einstein's Unified Field Theory is, but how would an expert define what exactly a field is?
This is what YouTube was made for. To unite people from every field to discuss and increase our knowledge of their subjects. We would love to watch Veritasium and other Science YouTube channels collaborate and debate on common misconceptions in Science.
So to recap Derek. You say that for any insulation of the switch and wire over any distance the electric field can reach all other places on the wire in meters/c seconds? Do this mean that you will be able to detect all electrical fields no matter the insulation of the circuit? I struggle to understand.
Thank you very much for all your work, another great video! I have a question: how does it work with alternate current, like the one in apartments? If it works the same way, should I see all the light bulbs of the room (assuming I use leds) turning on for few instants?
I don't understand. What will be the time for the field to expand from the battery throughout the circuit?
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I’m here for the drama 😅
Is it that the Electrons carries the energy? How can the electric field carry energy?
Ah! That would explain why my led lamp glows a tiny amount when I place my hand on the metal base, whilst it’s turns off!
So creating wireless electricity can be possible one day
So creating wireless electricity can be possible one day
didnt bother to watch the previous vid, cause we came from Science Assylum and was learned all of that.
bro, no one asked you the first time nor the second time to explain waves around wires, you are abusing pedantry to make money... those original videos from many years ago, walking around and asking everyday people, that made sense, now you are just spewing stuff uncontrollably with no negative feedback in the loop :(
Great reply video!
Cool Stuff Thanks
Amazing 👍..It is good to learn something the right way which you have been thinking and understanding wrong the whole life... Thankyou Derek for existing on YouTube.. ❤️
Thanks Dirk
Great video, thank you for posting this follow up. I wonder if Feynman would have chipped in if he was still around ;-)
My head melted 😵
If you need so much math and models it demonstrates you have no clue how it works.
This was such a good explanation!!! I was able to follow along without any problems
Is the fundamental demonstrated in this video different than antenna theory? It really seems like the long way to describe EM radiation principles.
I have a doubt mate , I may sound like a fool but I just ask right away, If energy passes through field around  the wire , Why didn't I get shock by standing next to the wire or touching the wire?,  like Is that because if low energy? Because If I touch the 11000V wire I will get shock I know ,but even 220V like my house wires , I didn't get shock by touching the wire standing in ground! Why is that?
one thing though, you compare the effect to wireless charging and capacitors, but those need to be very very close to each other to work properly right? Wouldnt this mean the distance of 1m in your thought experiment is too large for this effect to produce a current strong enough to turn on a light?  Does this also mean that technically when you turn on a light, if there are parallel circuits of other lights they would briefly turn on as well?  I guess I'm just wondering in what way the distance of the wires affects not only the speed of the electric current but also the intensity
Mind blowing!!
I think the biggest problem with the first video was that you tried to point out how energy is actually transmitted, but used a experiment which absolutely doesn't fit the problem if constrained loosely. By constraining thigs much better and actually showing how this experiment behaves in the time domain, this follow up really gets the point across. If you only look at a steady state, its really hard to convince someone that the energy isn't carried through the wire by the electrons. On the other hand, only describing the "AC" part of the equation, brings even more confusion.
This is brilliant. I’m studying 2nd year courses on electro magnetism as well as circuit theory and this has joined the two courses perfectly.
The thing you said is wrong at 5:42 you started saying is wright at 11:35 but it can not be so you are wrong and the other thing is how can you say that only fields make load to glow , lets listen to you you are  saying that when we switch on the fields comes of no where and make electrons to flow and then the flow of electrons make more field and thats  how the circuit works but no
Wow, I feel like a lot of things have just clicked for me in my intuitive understanding and reasoning about electricity after these amazing explanations and experiments. It has also made me very interested to learn more about transmission lines and how they are used in practice in power grids.
You did not make any mistake on your first video. Actually, you triggered the mind of millions of people about the physics of electricity. This video now completes missing gaps created in your video but also in other people response videos.
And turbulent flow is lame, so there.
I wish you were my Physics teacher back in the day. I would have finished my degree in Physics instead of math.
Wow, I've learned a lot more about electricity than before. It's strange that I've never thought about how it works, although it has penetrated almost all areas of our lives. Thank you for the interesting video !
So its not my field (biology)  But what bothers me about all this, is why don't we see "acidental" flickering of lights as my neighbors turn their lights on and off?  Why doesn't all the wifi and radio signals around us mess with security systems or computers.   Like.... what prevents these fields from interacting with unintended targets?
Idk what any of this means but I’m in your side based on vibes
this guy is god
This is one of the best videos of Veritasium for sure. Does great job at explanation and narration. kudos.
We had this exact question in our 2nd year electromagnetism course. You just have to believe in poynting vector
Good to see such great explanations was done, which we I.e., students won't get in our schools...  Thx for ur great explanation of the previous video in this video....
me, not seeing the last vid, needs to watch it, cause veritasium tends to be right,
As an Elec Eng, I found this fascinating. Its not often I think at this level in day to day life
At 17:00 you gave an explanation why you are wrong. You use capacitive coupling and inductive coupling as a shortcut to the lamp. Make a circular loop and you will see that the time increases.
AlphaPhoenix's video was better.
Constructive criticism... if you act on it, constructively.  In your video before this, the title was of the guy who ACCIDENTLY killed the most people in history, this is a prime example of how you are, possibly, deliberately misleading, because you then go on in the video to explain that the guy was quite well aware of the health effects of his product. His actions were not an accident, the were negligent, at best.  The fact you labelled it as and accident is a problem with the objectivity of your communication.  It seems to me sometimes, there is a fine line between your science communication and producing clickbait.
I mean, you can just say that remember one single line beside another can perform like an transformer. The original question is intentional deceptive as if you define "on" as the EMI voltage induced current passing through a load then you should just model the 1000kms of super conductor wires as ideal sinks that will sink the fields. I think your point is that the circuits should be modeled as interacting electric fields but if the load is connected to the source using a high conductor then I think it is better to let the viewer understand that the conductor don't motivate the electrons to move, they are merely good conductors of electric fields that will "short circuit" the nearby electric fields and relay the strength of it at nearly light speed. As one said, everything is a conductor if the voltage and frequency is high enough. If you are using super high voltage and high frequency the air "insulating" the wires will be a good medium to transmit some power to the load. I will argue that a tesla coil and a florescent light tube is a better analogy of your thought experiment than the battery and light example you put in the original video. To some extreme end, if you have a changing electric field close to the 500 THz (extremely quick, like peak to peak 0.000002 ns) you will get a visible light for emi radiation and that clearly transmit energy from one source to a load at light speed as that is just light. but when using a car battery and a light bulb, we are just mostly talking about the DC component for the circuit and that is caused by resulted electric field potential difference around the light bulb after the AC component settled down
Haha.... Because of your video.... Many YouTubers got some subscribers and views 😂😂
FINALLYYYYYYY
Could you show an experiment similar to the one at 18:30, but with the end of the wire cut open instead of closed. That would help with the causality confusion.
Haha....... Beci
this is what scitube (and science for that matter) is/should be about, very cool video-response-video loop :) am a biologist, learned sth new today (energy is in the fields), thank all the people for that
What a come back!!!
The last video didn't do it for me, but I think I mostly get it now 😊
That's good when people listen to each other, admit mistakes and seek the truth together. GJ
I dont get how people would start arguing with Circuit Theory tools when clearly his point from the start was that circuit theory works for circuits but doesnt explain whats going on. Who cares about his 1/c fraction not showing proper dimensions or whatever, there has been so much silly petty remarks...
I still don't get it, but thank You for the detailed explenation :). Now I no longer feel misinformed... just stupid
Wow! I wish we had such deep explanations of these fundamentals back in engineering university days .. we did study the fields, currents & transmission lines impedance, but in a compartmentalized way that prevented building the right intuition.. thanks a lot for both videos .. and thanks for offering respect to other points of view
This is orders of magnitude better than the original video. It subsumes and clears up all responses (which it is supposed to do) and really lights up a bulb in your head!
For myself, who is not an engineer, in fact high school physics, it is great that you guys correct each other. I love it personally, thank you.   Question. How does Mjollnir generate lightning bolts, without running out of energy. I. E he never needs recharging, batteries or capacitors. In fact it seems like the energy is generated by the material and by Thor spinning Mjollnir. So what is Mjollnir's curcuit?
So basically voltage is the strength of the electric field generated between the negative and positive in a cirquit accross the conductor.  And current is the resulting energy flowing through the conductor by its effect on the electrons.  Thank you for clarifying this for me.
Lol, to be fair, that's on you and anyone making a video trying to prove a point : everyone's going to jump in and point that one detail you missed or oversimplified and use it to invalidate your whole work, missing the entire point you were trying to make in the first place... and, bonus points if they make you sound like you don't know what you're talking about x)  Lucky for you, serious science YTbers seem to be articulate enough to design their own experiments and explain themselves well enough so this doesn't happen. And lucky for us, your level of understanding and ability to communicate it gives us videos like those, where I get lost 1/4 of the way in (that's on me, maths and physics wrecked me in school), but am still able to appreciate the demonstration. TL;DR : i'd hate to publish papers. Years of work, and peers go "nah, wrong, you missed this and that". *hangs from ceiling*
so they act like dominos? in a sense?
At 11:45  Well, if you want to put the units in the nominator, shouldn't you also put them in the denominator? And, then, shouldn't it be 1 meter/c meters per second? Which is the same as 1/c seconds. Which means that you were right all along! :)
QUESTION: So for the fist part the light bulb go's on is in essence, radio (a modern-day spark gap), but in the real world connecting a radio tower to your radio set would be a very bad idea, the bulb would go, on, moment later would go off, with a bit bang, of magic smoke escaping  I know the original experiment was just one bulb and battery and switch, but it's experimentally floored, by being to simple? what I would like to see, is more Christmas/fairy lights, along the hole length, of the circuit, and a switch in-between each bulb in essence on wire just, just battery switch to bulb to, switch to bulb to, switch to bulb to, the full length instead of the wire, with the switches in different stages on being off or on?
wow this is messing with my brain in a good way ... love to see people response to the previous vid
I have injected 24.30 kiloliters of veritasium into my blood stream today. As has anyone who watched the video to the end.     I'm pretty sure there were no side effects.
This is not new, how do you think motors, transformers work?
Can someone please give me a link of the talk of Rick hartley @ 21:35? thank you
Oh, nice, my life is much more complicated now.
Atleast we all can agree on one thing:      Disagreement
You are skipping over Maxwell's equations and independence of electromagnetic fields. If your viewers are still under the impression that fields only exist as an imaginary concept that we made up to calculate the electromagnetic force, then they'll struggle with this. EM fields are real, they emit and carry momentum and energy without knowing when or what they'll hit and interact with. This crucial concept is perhaps taken for granted by physicists or people who learn UG physics, but it's very easily skipped in schools.  I think people still think of fields as a stopgap part between charged particles when they interact.  I'm afraid you need to do this video to clarify this to normal viewers.
Another thing to think about, when the switch is turned on, and energy radiates outward from the source, the beginning part of the circuit is forming a dipole antenna, and that wave radiating outward is a single individual electromagnetic wave. Turn it off and on, and repeat the process at a particular frequency, and you've got a radio transmitter.
oh thats why electricity zaps us if we touch the surface of the charged wires and not just if we break them...
Wireless energy is the very core of what Tesla wanted to achieve
These videos regarding electricity being a magnetic field rather than a stream of energy which flows over the wire made me more humble about our universe.
Great improvement on the first video. Well except for around 14:19 where you say "Why do we need wires at all. Well we don't." Well that undoes the explanations you had just given. Without the wire those lumped capacitors you talked about no longer exist. The surface charges you talked about would not be there without the wire. If one side of the switch were attached to the battery and the other side attached to nothing (wire missing) then the switch would do nothing and have no effect at all. Oops.
Just the top of the game. Congrats
Thank you for being so modest. Thanks again for the content.
Didn’t understand 99%
I don't think anyone ever argued that there would be no current in the other wire. But at 1m away, it will be significantly lower than the current of the first.  Also, if this is how electricity flows, then placing a large sheet of metal between the wires, to block the electric field, would cause the circuit to fail. But we know that that's not the case.
I don't think you should have done a better job explaining. This is Cunningham's Law and leads to a much better engagement than if you did explain it the right way from the start.
i no longer feel like i can trust anything that im told on youtube, which is terrifying, but also probably a healthy mindset.
New thumbnail is great
I wish they had this in my college courses. This is all enlightening to know.
As a high school physics teacher, what I really appreciate it the overall conversation about how detailed and "correct" our models should be as we teach. I think many recognize that at each stage of learning, we have to use simplified analogies to help students visualize a system. Each model is correct for the predictions asked of it, but as we approach more  detailed, complex or extreme real-universe scenarios, the simple visualizations break down. Whether it's Newton's Laws of Gravitation moving toward Relativity, or a flowing charge down a wire vs. electromagnetic fields, the simplified model has an important role. The more complete description, however, gives a deeper insight into what is happening in a system. If we can help students understand that models are useful, but incomplete, versions of nature, then they can become the scientists that will push our best models even further.
this was so cool, thanks buddy
Can the energy fields go beyond the wires?
If you explained it any different in the first video then you may not of had as much community engagement. It might be a good video model to leave a question open or allow the thought experiment to propogate through the internet.   Another way to think about it.. you made two videos on one topic only because the first one caused engagement.
This is the third thumbnail I’ve seen for this video in under 24hrs
How many times do you want to change the thumbnail image? Veritasium: yes
Pretty much everyone agreed that you don't even need to close the circuit and basically transfer a pulse via two big antennae. The main point of debate was whether that pulse is big and long enough to light up the bulb and keep it alit until the current has stabilized along the entire circuit.
we gotta create a budget for this guy and his videos. we all benefit from it, specially long term.
Whoo! #2 trending
I watch this stuff pretending like I even know what they are arguing about.
I learned something today. Thank you!
Kaprekars constant
I love the drama.
so wait, you can be wrong, but only make a video to correct it when your called out by smarter people ok... why watch your channel and not the smart guys channel that called you out... oh i get it you and youtubes brother owners share the same religion, and youtube pushes content creators that share the same religion. i cant even say what religion or the massage gets deleted straight away by youtube, for just saying what religion, even if its not bad its still gets deleted.... they cant have everyone knowing that this religion runs the banks the media and now the internet basically all positions of power.
Man I love how you harness the power of thinking out of box. I loved the animations and ansys simulations in the video, they are perfectly made me grasp the motion of the electric field, which I was struggling with regular high school education
Sounds alot better now <3
Great revisit video. This is what the science should be. Bit vague statement  in the first video and conclusion which summarizes all the thoughts. This is how the science communicators should do their job. xD THANK YOU
The first thumbnail was the one
Science is  exciting. You made it  catch in next level.
I've been wanting to make a follow up too your bike video but I've been so busy and need a spare bike for my test/demonstration
I got no knowledge in my entire electronics degree, just because of these confusing misconceptions available in universities.  Even professors are just following misconceptions they getting previously from 1900s.
Nah there is still an explanation problem IMHO, it's NOT because of the field, it's because it's a changing field initiated by the closing of the switch, that is, a transient, and once the transient dissipates (in a DC circuit) it's no longer a field theory problem.
Ben is a genius. I worked with him on multiple projects and I learned more from his interactions than from  textbooks. Today I am the lead battery engineer at Tesla and still recall our conversations on energy storage and dissipation. 👍
Anything can become a conductor with enough electric field (and maybe subsequent partial discharge). And isn't this just how antennas work? I tried to argue that with a armature radio instructor.
Dimag ka Bhosda ho gya 🥹✌️ !
As some youtuber said, you were correct only because of the technicality of having the light bulb turn on no matter the charge. If it were real life and it required the higher voltage of the battery it wouldn't.
Great video... that 30k USD oscilloscope tho... respectable.
On 6:43 you talk about the fact that the slight expansion or contraction of the electron sea creates the electric field, but you don't explain more about it, and it is a pretty substantial part of the whole explanation. Can we please have more input in this?
I liked the previous thumbnail
Excellent.  Beautiful, even.
I think a thing that confused people a bit, at least me, was the fact that most cables are isolated, and indeed the cables you used to demonstrate it were isolated, whereas the ones you used today to demonstrate it were super thick, uncovered copper rods. If you did this with wires covered in rubber like normal house wires it wouldn't work.  Doesn't change your point about where the power is flowing and how surface charges work though.  This was a great video.
I feel it would be better explained in AC power.   We had a little box that would allow us to effectively short circuit using a wire without tripping, this meant we could see the magnetic affect of a wire, really weak compared to several turns which becomes a powerful electromagnet… when those coils are brought near another set of coils we get transmission.  In effect flicking the switch 50 times a second on your DC circuit creates the magnetic field with excites the electrons in the new coil…   That’s how our whole distribution network works with the amount of coils on each side determining the voltages from generation  to the voltage entering our house…
I don't understand though, how you can explain that the electrons do not flow... but somehow extra electrons end up on the negative side, while electrons are scarce on the positive side. How do you explain how the electrons got out of the battery and into the wire, and then out of the wire on the other side of the load and into the battery, without considering them flowing? That is how the battery loses charge, because the excess of electrons leave one side, and then not necessarily the same exact electrons, but electrons none the less from the other side of the load go into the positive side of the battery and balance out its charge over time. The flow rate is ridiculously slow, but there can't be one conventional description of electrical theory without electron flow theory. That is why amperage, the measure of current flow, is literally define as one coulomb per second. 6.25 x 10^18 electrons through one specific given point per second.
Bro, i dont understand anything in this video. I just want to feel smart
My father, Jim Bindner, would have loved this experiment.
19:22 get out derek
He made a little mistake here and there and because of it ended up with an even better explanation, baffles me how much that happens in science, there is no shame in making a mistake, the shame is stopping because of it.
So we’re not Terrans, we’re actually Protos 😂😂
As someone who understands this on only the most objectively fundamental level of it being the field and not the wires (and has been imbibing alcohol), and has exactly no comprehension of the involved details and math: Am I correct in thinking that since the electric field can be transposed to nearby unconnected wires, and therefore "wireless energy" as we see in some charging methods and the example of charging through wifi, that it's technically possible to send energy to incredibly far objects at the speed of light? For example: if we have an electric engine in some far flung space ship, would we be able to send it a charge from earth that propagates at light speed?  For those who don't realize this yet, I will not understand in-depth explanations. Give me yes or no, or talk to me like a baby, cause that's effectively what I am in this context lol.
This video just answered an unanswered question of mine from 10 years ago when I was in year 8. I asked my teacher how the electrons know to go down a wire of the circuit but not a wire that’s not connected. She couldn’t answer.   But today I’ve finally gotten my answer. Thank you Derek.
Thank you for this. Filled a lot of gaps in my knowledge. Always bugged me how electrons did work when returning to the battery!
Why are the electrons traveling in the opposite direction of the arrows
AlphaPhoenix had it from the start
Excellent follow up video!  This was so much better than the first one, I guess peer-review really does work.
I would define that 14mw as leakage current
The electron initially moves because of the voltage potential, being the potential of the battery -the potential in the wire
Thumbnail changed
I mean from following logic and proof it was already clear that fields carry the energy, because how else can you explain a solar storm overpowering the grid and "channeling"  such enormous amounts of energy.
I believe that the experiment at 13:40 is missleading/wrongly conducted. The free wire will only begin conducting current when next to the closed loop. If it was just the broken loop there would be no current flowing. This is because there will be no (or only a temporary) difference in charge on the wires surface, and without that difference in change no electric field will be generated. Please correct me if im wrong here.
It's guys like Derek who make YouTube such a fantastic place to learn about science and to actually watch science in action, both in practicality and the debates and progress of the scientific process itself. Awesome work!
It's interesting how nobody bats an eye when alternating current invokes effects in distant wires (ie, antennas) but throw that out with DC.  There *is* an effect, for a very short instant - when the circuit is transitioning from your open switch to a closed switch. How short of an instant? I'd put money down the interval is exactly what you describe here, the distance from the switch to the point of measurement at the speed of light. The Maxwell simulations you showed with the extra wire - those look an awful lot like near-field A/C effects (ie, inductive coupling) to my layman's eye...  It's so interesting that the reality was just sitting there, and I had no idea until you went and pointed it out so elegantly here.
I love videos like these where experiments are scrutinized and ultimately more accurately re-explained.
I love you but you don't apply the more deeper tediously entangling facts that every aspect of the system has positive negative components that that respond to the electromagnetic field even the glass which is also expressed by heat. There are several gems here tho. The field is the prime primordial physical component of all the parts of the system that you can measure. The fastest way to light your bulb is to introduce a power source strong enough to excite the entire system instantaneously regardless of switch.
Derek, us bassheads debate over CCA vs OFC wire for amplifiers and speakers. So because Aluminum has some iron in it, wouldn't  it have a stronger electric field?
Why do you think it's correct to think that the energy is carried by the field rather than the field being a side effect? You agree that the heating of the lattice is due to electron collision inside the wire, not due to the field doing something. To me it makes sense that EF is a side effect that can be leveraged rather than the primary method of energy transfer
how is that surface charge setting up?? like what is the proccess(step by step) can anyone help me?
Finally, the good explanation!
This was a greatly detailed video and I think we are pretty much on the same page! Thanks for the shoutout and going through the trouble of clarification.  P.S. by the way, the resistor in your experiment didn't quite match the lien impedance, other you would get half your supply voltage right away. But I mean with such small capacitance and inductances, the probing itself could d have added some parasitic components to the lines. PPS: Like I said above "pretty much on the same page"! It is a complex subject, and I think some nuances could have been addressed better. Maybe Derek and I could sit together and react to nuances to clarify things!
Keep it up. Some of the greatest discoveries were from mistakes. Just look at the transistor. You probably have a video on that in your archives :p
When you create a clarification video... but still being debunked by ElectroBOOM as there are a lot of mistake to the video creating more confusion. 😏
It's so great that Veritasium actually answers it's challenges and creates debate.  When people argue about religion or art or politics, they just cling to opinions and try to tear each other down.  When people argue about demonstrable science, they can only learn and improve from it.
I really like videos that cause other people to think. Like you said, even though your other video could have been better, it invited a lot of people to think about it, run their own experiments, and make videos discussing it. That's one of the greatest aspects of the Internet, the communication of thoughts and ideas that it allows for.
I'm pretty sure that your particular experiment might not be argued with so much, if you made a proper big loop of wire without closely running parallel sections, rather than what looks very much two very close together wires which are joined at either end.  The inrush pulse of current is most likely causing induction from one side of your loop to the other side of your loop (essentially "short circuiting" it), because of the physical design of your experiment and lighting the bulb much faster than the calculated time from using the length of the wires and the speed of light. Once the DC current has stabilised, there is no changing magnetic field and the distance between both sides of your loop doesn't matter any more, hence your statement at 5:41 (that distance between the sides of the loop doesn't matter for brightness of the bulb).  Either do the experiment using an actual, big loop of wire without closely running parallel sections (as you have now), or it won't be taken as the "final, definitive answer" as you are trying to make it.
Many thanks for your effort. I was confused by all these contradictory reactions.
Have you looked at any Electric Universe videos? Can you please give a comment on some if so?
This whole situation is really cool. A happy accident if you will.
This whole thing is just Veritasium disproving people taking what he said to literately.
Alternative title: when a physics teacher knows his stuff part 2
21:00 "Is it enough to emit light? Yes if you use an LED" 😁😁 So our intuition wasn't wrong. And it wouldn't work. But now I am even more confused
7:00 electron do not move at c.
your first video was a catalyst. Well done
The spirit of great science. Fantastic for educational ends. Thank Ve!
I think i have answers
"The field is the sole governing agency of the particle." - Einstein
c'mon this is cheating. Now you basically take induced electricity that frankly has nothing to do with your whole circuit and claim  "this is the electricity coming from battery". And the answer is "no". This is the electricity coming from electromagnetic pulse generated by closing circuit in close proximity. And your own experiment just proves this quite precisely, coz if the "bulb" should light by 18V instead of 5V then it will light after 50ns.  Your whole question and statement implied kind of "clean experiment", that electromagnetic induction shouldn't be considered, even though obviously it is there. Same as nobody considered time required for lamp to heat up before it starts emitting light. So it is cheating, you do consider some negligible parts, but disregard other negligible parts. Because of that the previous video and this one too are misleading and confusing. And therefore all the good points like "electrons are not actually flowing" are lost. Bottom line, big dislike for confusing people using dirty hackery.
brilliant
i love the scientific community
Good job Derek
Does it mean the switch will lighten up all the bulbs near by?
That does not look like 1m apart? The initial current will be larger as a result? Probably an inverse relationship of some kind?
I don't get why so many people had issue with this. Its an Antenna.
you just blew my mind again!!. thanks
He claims "appropriate level of voltage and current many orders of magnitude" but chickens out and won't use a light bulb in his experiment.
I like how you were talking about misconceptions but took electrons and kernels as hard spheres colliding elastically.
He looks like Elon Musk
Cunningham's Law: "the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer."  You showed more than one law of the universe with the original video ;)
well, I always found electrical engineering difficult to grasp and confusing and maybe this is why, because we don't actually get taught what is really going on. Or perhaps it's more like, understanding this explains why it is confusing.
For viewers it's highly valuable the responses you got. And your response to those. A good reaction from the people who have the time and the knowledge to prove science is not always 2+2.
Not again.
You fckin look like rowan from viva la dirt league lol
so thaaaaaaat's why my monitor broke when I put a magnet on it
Now the disconnected wire becomes electromagnet and is somehow able to produce enough magnetic field to alter a light bulb 1 meter away (with a car battery)
Science! Yeah! 👍😄 Collaboration and open, critical discourse for the win! Love it! Thank you for clarifying, Derek, I found this explanation much easier to follow. The simulations and diagram with all of the capacitors were especially useful for me.
This video is quite informative and is miles better than the previous one. "the bulb lights up in 1/c" was the conclusion of your previous video which suggested that enough power to light up the bulb was delivered in 1/c. But this video completely disproves that. 14mW is enough to light up *a* bulb, not *the* bulb; the bulb that was in your video. Honestly ? this feels like you are trying to prove that _you are_ right instead of just trying to prove that _your theory_ is right. I'm worried that how things are going, you're gonna end up yet another egoistic scientist too stubborn to acknowledge his own mistakes. I really hope you don't go down that road Derek.
According to Aharonov Bohm effect even the electric and magnetic fields are not the main actors but the potentials are. Seems like there are multiple levels of reality.
Everytime he says 'magnitude'...  Inside my head: "Pop! Pop..."
Thanks for the animations.  I am a visual learner
*"Congrats to everyone who is early and found this comment"* 👍👍
These kinds of videos are the reason I love YouTube. If YouTube didn’t exist, there’d be no way I’d have access to such exiting content from talented creators like Derek! ❤️
Balancing that insanely expensive Agilent/Keysight scope on top of a foldout ladder was the most exciting part of the video. I couldn't make out the model but it looks(price-vise) in the vicinity of a 100000 dollars. Is it a Infiniium S scope?
Thank you for publishing this. The problem with the original was that there was no emphasis on only some current flowing after 1m/c and the rest requiring the surface charge to transmit and then stabilize.
I waited until i could sit down and pay attention to watch this and it still wasn't enough
I love your work! Keep it coming, please!
That why when you move magnet on wire that means you are creating field or N/P charges which move electrons and genelate energy(AC)
Veritasium forumula: 1. Publish a video that seems groundbreaking, but is intentionally vague. 2. Wait for people on the internet to see the video, point out its vagueness.  3. Publish a 2nd video that goes much more in depth, which benefits (views) from the buzz generated by the previous video responses in step 2.  4. Profit.
I think it is pretty much understood the electrons don't move much (but they do move this is why the battery discharges over time), it's potential difference or the charge difference between the negative and positive charge. To understand this better you need to study transistor theory including PN and PNP bridges. A small input voltage allows the circuit to conduct the charge on the gate completes the circuit by filling holes eg changing a net positive conductor to a negative conductor allowing electrons to flow. People think electro magnetism is energy like light it is different electromagnetism is the combination of energy and electron flow and requires matter to conduct. Light or energy can propergate through space without matter eg in a vacuum but light does not have magnetic properties. This is because electrons and protons have the magnetic fields.
first of all, its a  great discussion, to bring minds together. My opinion ; still i don't think that's the way...there is egg and chiken problem here, electric field reponsible for moving electron bounce or vise versa and 2nd is u r missing switch as capacitance. My answer even in comments in first video was based more on charge storage and energy passed on to next. Every resistance is capacitance at its core. Let's discuss. #1 use a double pole switch with 1/2 of the circuit length ( switch capacitance is large )
I wonder if we forget about the field because of our reliance on insulated cables and other safety measures? Enjoyed this 👍
3.5 min in, error.
Espero con ansias este video en Español! 👀
Will this explain why some LEDs are still emitting a little light even if the the switch is off? These are older Philips hue lights - the new ones don't do this.
also impedance produces time delays for current flow
Welcome to the UNIFIED ELECTRO-MAGNETIC FIELD THEORY (Maxwell 1850, modernised somewhat by German Engineer- physicist MEYL from 1990) which explain everything about matter and our observed Universe. E-M fields transmit Energy through Space ( that is also matter because of mass).  BUT, trough the deformation of Deep Space (also called vacuum space everywhere including inside matter),  fields (only one field exist: E in two forms: E (static between a DIPÖLE and only attractive, forget Coulomb REPULSION !!!!)) and H  (E field rotating clockwise or anti-clockwise, attractive or repulsive)) fields ) transmit also INFORMATION -ENTANGLEMENT without consuming energy as I pointed out earlier.  EINSTEIN understood that partially trough General Relativity equations and SPACE (TIME is AN INFORMATION humanely created ONLY) CONTRACTION through Gravity field. Gravity fields are residual E-M fields (part not balanced) from the zillions of  matter particles (localized earlier, using energy SUPPLIED to Space)
what comes first? The loss or gain of a valence electron from an atom or does magnetism create the loss or gain? If movement of electrons create the magnetic field, the greater the movement the greater the field. If a magnetic field is created by the valence electrons from one atom to another then it means transfer of electrons happens first. With no current there is no magnetic field.  Does a single Atom with an equal amount of protons as it has electrons have magnetism with-in itself? Is magnetism created from the movement of electrons or the difference with-in the atom from the imbalance of electrons to protons or maybe even electrons to neutrons. Maybe the proton and the neutron and the electrons being balanced is the only way to not have magnetism. Is the potential of the magnetism greater with a greater number of atoms?
Bravo
W
magnetic field is only applicable when there is motion in the system to create electricity not batteries , pressure , photo. systems.
I still have no idea what 1/c seconds means.
bro got roasted so har he post another video
24 minutes and 30 seconds to admit you are wrong, without admitting you are wrong. Change the variables. Move the goal posts... but you were still wrong. Hope you enjoyed the attention. This video though is far better and far less deceptive than your first one on the topic.
can you make a video addressing Putin saying the first Soviet gov't was 80-85% Jewish?
That video was a really great way, how to lead a discussion without any aggression :)  To the "critics"... that's how a radio works ;)
Wait, and what if the wire gets cut at the bend before the EM wave from the switch reaches the bend? And what if the circuit instead of just being laid out in a loop, was actually twisted in a figure-8 layout such that the wire around the bulb is in the same direction as the wire around the switch instead of going the opposite way?
Question I've been wondering about since the first video... Do you get the exact same result if you turn OFF the light?
this is bs. the chemical in the battery move the electron not by emf.
Even after two attempts, this is still not clear! The charges on the surface of the wires can be created by compression and expansion of electrons by a minuscule distance, but what exactly causes that?
2 things- 1. Can we have science duels back like the middle age 2. Can we lump entire college science into an equation like ohm's law
Physics teachers should make it standard to recommend this channel in addition to their classes
Congratulations, Derek!!!
This is great. Not just the video, but to see a great reaction of someone who made a "mistake" as well as great responses from the global science community.
will the answer be the same if two switches were used? one for each side of the power source.
you almost got it humans
Thank you for clearing up your last explanation. I though from that you and all your antagonists were all wrong.
Its so interesting that models can mislead so many great minds in a complex but almost negligible area. Also ty for making the videos so laymen such as my self to understand it. At least enough that iam thoroughly entertained and appreciate the great work some  people do.
When you say fields, you mean electromagnetic fields, which is photons. Photons travel at the speed of light(a small specturm of EMF). The electrons in the wire molecules would bump into each other, like a feynman diagram. The electrons of the wire molecules and the air molecules would also bump into each other. These bumps together are the photons radiatiing out in waves. The question would be "is the speed of light through the wire path, faster than the speed of light through the air gap?" The speed of light is only 300,000 km/s when photons tavel in a vacuum.  Quantum electodynamics and electron/photon interactions are very complete and well understood. That is until you try to go into the nucleus of atoms and experiment on interactions between those particles. Nuclear physics, is realatively mysterious by comparison. Particle colliders are slowly revealing the physics of sub atomic particle interactions inside atoms.
OUR LIFE IS TOTALLY DEPENDED ON ELECTRICITY. WHICH EVER SOURCE WE START WITH, IT ENDS UP AT ELECTRICAL ENERGY. DAM, COAL, NUCLEAR, PETROLEUM ETC. BUT WE KNOW SO LESS ABOUT IT.
I love the follow up to this, as I have seen most of the big response videos.  Would a shielded wire contain the field and prevent the early turn on?
Cunningham's law: "The best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer." This can and probably should be extended to incorrectly or poorly explaining the correct answer.
Norman looking sussy at 20:14
It was said this doesn't depend on technicalities. It absolutely depends on the technicality of "what does 'ON' mean?" When you present a battery, switch, wire and light bulb, and you say "ON" people are going to assume "ON" means the same thing whether the wires are 1m or 1 light second.  If you apply 25V to the wires and the bulb suddenly drops 5V, then 1s later it's 25V, that's just not fair. Here you've defined "ON" as being two entirely different things. And BTW, electronic schematics tend to use very different symbols for incandescent bulbs verses LEDs, which was has been inconsistent through your videos, so further confuses things. Then there's the glaring thing about the first half of the video explaining how the electric field travels along the surface of the wire, then suddenly you're drawing that as a circle radiating outward from the battery in all directions. Your explanations leave everything to be desired.
New thumbnail sucks
it's beautiful
who gives a puck ? whats tje point of this
Witnessing collaboration, discussion, argument, and explanation. Such a beautiful orchestra. Such a beautiful symphony of knowledge leading to understanding. A banner day for the human experience. While simultaneously in the news cycle, we seem to be preparing to destroy it all.
I was following until 13:23 , can someone explain how the light would turn on with the circuit not complete?  It seems to conflict with the explanation at 10:30.  If the circuit is not complete wouldn't the electric field still equal 0 inside the wire and therefore not turn on the light?
Best!
Best content on YT! Thx 🍀
I'm glad you explained it a bit at the end. Ultimately it is not how electricity actually does real work, but a small undesirable side effect called cross talk. While the closing of the switch will cause an electric field to cause the electrons in the parallel running wire to become excited, it is not really strong enough to do real work. Magnetic fields greatly lose strength with distance. This is how electric generators/motors work after all, this is how transformers work, this is how wireless charging works, in this you are right, but it always requires proximity and loses efficiency with distance squared. Do your software  simulations on a square box of 100m by 100m?  Move your parallel wires 10 meters apart and you will get zero measurable energy transferred by the electric field. Two, the amount of energy transferred to your parallel wires here, is extremely small compared to the energy that can be transferred by the real connected wire, this is just a cross talk effect, it is not how the actual circuit works to do actual useful work at full power. Three, do your simulations not with wires running parallel, but rather at 90 degree angle, and the field transfer will also be a lot smaller, because the field will transfer a lot less energy on crossed wires.
You are really inspiring. 👍I wish you could win a noble prize. It was a great video. 👏
10:30 this looks a lot like the resting potential/action potential diagrams in neuroscience
5:09 Kanye reference lol
Electroboom Eev blog Big clive My favourites
what if we use coaixial cable instead of that wire?
And of course I like the extra drama added by putting the circut high up in the air and making it out of solid copper pipes. Did you actually try to use normal wire at, say, a meter high and found that you had too much resistance and parasitic capacitance to get a good reading?
this is getting ridiculous. lets just build a 1 lightsecond long circuit instead. no fancy 3d simulation needed.
+1
The OLD WORLD ran on a free energy electric grid.  We literally LIVE ONTOP on MELTED BUILDINGS that are a result of a catastrophic meltdown of said worldwide free energy circuit board
We get it you guys are smart. 😅
I love the video, but due to the constraint that both your hypothetical and real circuits consist of long, parallel wires it all boils down to transmission line theory which is well understood by engineers and confusing to laypeople. A more interesting circuit to answer the question how "fast" current really is would be one with battery and bulb right next to each other, with the far ends connected by a loop all around Earth. Or with battery and bulb on opposite sides of Earth (with some extra thoughts thrown in about how to measure time differences between events that occur at different locations).
Anyone else think Richard Abbott looks exactly like professor Mayakovsky from the magicians?
I can’t believe the other nerds even stepped up to this man lol
Is this stanford campus?
So, what did Tesla had to say about all this ?
Good job viatasium
With all of this expanding electric coming out of the wire there is only one problem you always need the wire. You will always need a carrier.
The Crux is almost 90-99% of the people who watched these videos had no clue about how electricity flows! And it's explained spot on!
A disscussians always have the useful! Truth is born in a dispute.
I thought I 100% got it the first time, but the additional bits about the disconnected wire still somehow surprised me.  That would be an interesting experiment to set up, too.
Honestly This is what I wanted to learn Parallel and Series Circuits but it was not available on YT Now You made it....Thankyou
this is why i love youtube, good stuff from everyone involved!
I liked the first thumbnail better
As a complete non-engineer, the problem I have with this theory of fields affecting wires at a distance, is - how does a particular current "know" which wire it is supposed to react with, in a bound-together, long-run, parallel collection of wires, as in, say, an Ethernet cable, or a ribbon cable?  Or on a printed circuit board?  Or deep in the bowels of a CPU chip?  It's probably just my brain's incapacity to understand the stuff in this video, but looking at a circuit of essentially two parallel wires that are actually two sides of a loop just don't translate into the micro-world of circuits, integrated circuits, massively integrated chips such as CPUs or GPUs, etc.  My head won't make that leap from a simple loop of one to the complex innards of the other.
This is probably the last time he makes a electronic physics videos
next video could be about light, with optic fibre to understand it better! xD
You have made us think about stuff.....Thanks glad that so many needed to test out what you said mean the art of science is alive and well. Good on Ya All
THANK YOU for the channels you shared
So if we use shielded wires, we wouldn't see that initial current?
I still don't like the idea of saying fields do the work on the electrons. This may be fine in classical mechanics, but it creates trouble when trying to understand electrical circuits in QM. This treatment is basically stating that fields are an intrinsically separate from billiard ball like electrons, more like a side effect of the electrons existence. In reality, the fields ARE the electrons. I like that this argument describes the EMFs as being field-based, but then you may as well take this to the full conclusion, being that particles themselves are fields. Gives great motivation for QM and QFT. Just hate a missed opportunity to demystified QT.
Very good explanation!
Running a small small setup and simulation is a far better option to avoid unnecessary disturbances and the banters that comes along with them.
So then what would happen if you physically blocked the field from radiating out by means of insulating against those fields or however you would do that?? Do you have to wait for it to travel the entire length of the wire, or does the bulb just not light up at all?
ONE QUESTION. Do the electrons move from oneside of to the other or do they hit the atom cores and bounce off and back repeatedly, basically not going anywhere. I'm asking g cause it is unclear and the animation have a mix of both.
I have watched this video and the earlier one. I also watched the videos of other people on this topic.  I still think you are on drugs. The magnetic field 1m away would be insignificant in my opinion. I’m sticking with electrons pushing each other through the wire.
If you shake a light bulb it will shine brighter
Big up to all the responders (I think I've watched them all?) but I recommend AlphaPhoenix's video (titled "I bought 1000 meters of wire to settle a physics debate") as the most straightforward and easiest to understand for civilians. Derek, your clumsy original video might be the best thing you've ever done. I've loved every second of this conversation!
Nice
This explains why touching the metal part of my umbrella zaps me when I walk under power lines :)
Okay. A car battery won't be able to do what Veritisium claim to do regardless.  A Tesla coil has range of few mm at 12 volts
So what is the wire setup was in a circle? The bulb would be the furthest away from the battery and electricity fields.
16:34 US symbol for resistor is just wrong
I never understood the backlash to the original video but maybe that's because I had just finished my electromagnetism subject at uni a week before and Maxwell's equations were fresh in my mind but this video made me understand how the first video could be confusing
Yay!  I was right!
Best thing about veritasium is he dont give copyright strike to these people.
Can’t believe that i even understood this  Thanks for the great explanation  We are currently being taught about this in our physics class  And the way you explained it is far better than any of my teachers
Lol 🤦🏼‍♂️
I like to feel dumb during a science youtube video, but this.... I felt like a caveman stopping every now and then and googling info. Why hasn't Brilliant hired more sciencetubers like the above-mentioned for the advanced videos? I mean, it's not like we need laymen to at least be aware of these complex situations! (Please note the sarcasm, lol)
Good video but the electron  doesn't really exist. It's an imaginary particle based on theory to explain how electricity works. People imagine that electrons are like little balls that move through a wire. We never see a pile of electron balls building up in a pile inside the lightbulb. Wires are made of metal so they are actually a reflector of magnetic fields. Nothing travels through a wire. The wire acts like a solid tunnel that a magnetic field flows around but not through. The magnetic field flows around the wire and follows the wire like a train on a track. A positive polarity magnetic field flows around one wire and a negative polarity magnetic field flows around the second wire. When the two opposing magnetic fields meet at the end of the wires inside the lightbulb, the magnetic fields oppose each other and terminate each other in a flash of heat and light. Magntism turns into electricity which powers the load. This is how generators work. A spinning magnetic field induces electricity to flow around a coil of wire. And in the reverse process, electricity moving through a coil of wire will induce a magnetic field around the coil of wire. There are no electrons carrying charges of electricity. The magnetic fields do all the carrying of electricity. I know this is difficult to understand because it's new information. But this is how I understand it.
Thanks Derek to clarify that the field is the one that carry the electrons instead of the wires . I got this wrong all along in my solar power understanding.
Im less than 1 minute into the video, so its early yet, but I gotta thank you for including clips of several of my favorite utubers
Really thank you Derek. This is the first time I've actually understood capacitors. The way we teach circuits in High School is fundamentally incompatible with what a capacitor is in my opinion. This has bugged me for so long.
One of the few informative, scientific, brain engaging channels on youtube that get more views than the tictoc trash that has flooded the internet. Excellent video!
People really want the name Veritasium in their video title lol
Hang on a minute...it can't just be the electric field carrying the load surely, otherwise we'd never burn a wire out, right?
I learned so much from this video and this video is the first video I watched on your channel😮  EDIT: This video was recommended to me
Hi Derek, I can see how difficult it is for you to admit mistakes. So as important as science and scientific explanations are, most credits I give you for exposing yourself to criticism by making these videos. Admitting to have been wrong and the willingness to accept other explanations is something we so urgently need these days.
Lol , seems i got the right answer purely through guessing ,
Sir what if we put the width between the two wires be  3*10^8metres
"', nice!"
I was waiting for that response, and you did it in a brilliant way. Very clear
"How We Think Electricity Actually Works" Should be the title. The visuals are not easy to follow with your explanations, and they don't really seem 100% reliable or accurate either. This would be better if it was a deep dive into Poynting and Maxwells theory and rather than tell us as if it's decidedly the only possibility. Please voice that it's currently proven measurably that the theory is valid,  but that there is potentially another higher level one that can explain how the energy transfers, specifically the Quantum Electrodynamics (QED) hypothesis.
I mean, you're just explaining induction in more detail. I already knew that induction was your "trick" from the first video. The distance between the source and load is they key. Still doesn't mean your first video wasn't clickbaity
Veritasium Achievement Unlocked:  Master Troll You have earned: 1 Like and 1 Subscribe
Why your electric field doesn't create static electric field effects?  And all batteries are chemical devices where electric force is created by flow of electrons
You’re making PhD level theory look easy. Congrats on your endeavors to help all of us learn!
in the first sec I knew that he will use an LED lol
Well, why didn't you say that first off!? 🙂
Glad to see that now YouTube become International Scientific Conference where normal people can also join them.  Great work YouTube and all content creators 😍😍
OK, my question is whether the skin effect happens in DC, AC, or just in one type of current
Please NEVER stop making mistakes.  I love watching you re-visit your "mistakes"
Lets slightly change the question, make the distance between bulb and source 300,000 km what happens then.
The final conclusion. I've been waiting for this ! This is what a healthy scientific debate should look like. Kudos for all my fav Science Youtubers.
Youtube science community is wholesome
Great video. One question: how does the surface charge distribution form? You said it happens almost instantly when the battery is inserted. But what allows this to happen so fast?
Good and well prepared presentation. The question was understood to be...if we connect a bulb rated at say a100W, connected to a battery that can produce the required power (DC) how long would it take for the lamp to achieve full brightness? We can assume a connecting wires 1 light second in length but separated by 1 m. There should be non contention that the bulb would receive an initial signal determined by the wire separation distance (the distance travelled by the initial "radio wave"), I'm not so sure that full power can be achieved within the same time frame but it would have to factor the total wire length, their inductance, the inter wire capacitance etc. This would also distort the initial shape of a rectangular pulse initiated by the switch. I don't think there should be a difference of interpretation on this point ...when switching, the first signal appear at the bulb via the "radio wave" but the bulk of the power would arrive after the energy would have travelled along the length of the whole wire.
It just works.
With regards to the light, would there not be an issue of the LED frying from over-voltage though? Like my point is that don't LEDs have a rather narrow scope of acceptable input voltage?  And while there are ways to limit voltage and power and such, I think that would then interfere with the experiment.
Maybe should try one experiment with the broken circuit as well. That would clear up things even more.
Your initial explanation was bad and super oversimplified, worse event than the popular science TV shows tend to make. It triggered engineers and only added to confusion for everyone else.  I think it completely missed the point of explaining the field. This one is better. And I am not going to cheer it too. You have just used a lot of words dancing around to not say that this is basically how radio works. Instead of building that whole setup you could have put 2 antennas and you could still measure the energy transfer. There is a reason we use radio to transfer information not energy. And you neglected to say what was the load on the source when you measured those 4ma. Look at the green trace and tell us what you see. That is also how those wireless chargers you mention work. Burn 10w to get 1w over 1cm...  Entropy accelerators. And you also neglected to say why did you use 20mm thick copper tubes for "wires".
Well technically I was right.  I am not a big fan of insisting on being right in this case.   By the “bulb turns on” everyone imagines and understands “full on” or at the least “close to full on” your experiment proves that while yes 1/c s will lead to “kind of on” or more like “something measurable on” it is not “on” by the colloquial understanding of “on”.  Your oscilloscope experiment proves this quite well. In 1 ns it is “somewhat on” at approximately 1/10 of “on” and only once the field travels around the wire does it jump up to “on”  Insisting on being right to me undercuts the very interesting theory you presented.  Had your hypothesis been: The current will flow in … you would have been 100% correct.  But your hypothesis: The lightbulb will turn on in … has been actually disproved by your follow up video. Due to faulty communication it the first.   But it is a marvelous video, I love it, it is very well explained. I guess it just stumbles a bit because of the push for the click-baitiness.
👏 Great explanation
So what does this mean for everyday wires? Do the sheaths of rubber around wires stop the fields? Or reduce them to a point where the current is negligible? So when I hold my phone near other technology there’s technically some energy leaving my phone into things we consider off??????
Derek has not addressed the key learning concepts in their entirety and the question remains poorly posed. In his first video, he did not adequately distinguish between the initial transient field effects and the field effects near the wire surface that will dominate at steady-state. He needed to explain that the evolution of the circuit behavior is highly dependent not only on line and load impedances (as stated), but also on line orientation. I think that both videos would have been improved by exploration of initial circuit behavior with various line orientations. If we twist the circuit near the bulb 180 degrees, for example, we can achieve a transient current that flows in the opposite direction of the steady-state current.
I saw most of the videos that followed the first one, and now this one, and as a Mechanical Engineer by trade, I have learnt so much. Many people don't realise how platforms like Youtube are changing education forever. I really hope that more discussions like this will emerge in the near future. Thank you guys for all the great work.
I never had a problem with the idea that the energy is transmitted by the fields.  The original video really threw me with the ~~erroneous~~ "informal" units on the correct answer and the visualization of powering a modern LED light bulb (which has an AC to DC converter inside) from a battery (i.e., with direct current).  The explanations here help a lot, though I'm still a bit unclear on the AC and DC issues.  From some of the response videos, I got the impression that the explanation is correct for an AC circuit but the thought experiment clearly used DC.  Even in this video, there were a few mentions of AC while still showing the DC circuit.
If your wires were shielded like antena wires the results would be different, there would be no mutual inductance between the wires at the switch and at the lamp and the signal time transmission would be over 1/c, If the wire are not shielded the transmission is like you are saying. It is a realy interesting video.  Any way the signal won't go faster than d/c between the switch and the lamp (d distance between switch and lamp)
& still.. white man over complicates the energy in the univers.. learn to man-nipu-late.. lol 😆 🤣 😂  faster than electricity.. psychics.. that can't explain how they know things you don't as a child whom corrected said sciences.. tested.. then shunned cuz proved i was right.. up til 2023.. you regret.. for ignoring me 1976..82-5 then 94-2017
The next Einstein! You need to give a ground breaking theory now!
I think I need to look further into this because now im intrigued
This is brilliant! I'm glad it sparked a YouTube-wide discussion.
would have loved to see it with the broken circuit irl to show it doesn't break causality
Wow, this was phenomenal!
Back in my college days I answered all the RC network analysis questions using Maxwell's Equation and all my engineering professors didn't understand process though which I answered all those questins, though we can arrive at exactly same answers when we use Kirchoff's laws, to this date I hate Kirchoff's laws for taking nonsensical mathematical short cuts (watch Walter Lewin's Electricity lectures to understand more), but I am a IC circuit designer now, who is designing cutting edge circuits for deep sub 10nm process technology nodes. Understanding of Physics made me have strong basics and have good understanding new physical limits we are approaching due to Deep sub 10nm level technology and propose unique solution in my field, but the engineering short cuts help me to finish my work faster mint more money for company and that's the main difference between Physics and Engineering, if you ask me 😃
I found alpha phoenix through this debate and he does great content, so I wouldn't say that video was a mistake at all. :)
This is a great follow up, that shows the beauty of the science in YouTube era. If you do another tests with the wire cut in one of the far end, that will definitely show a proof to people who thought you were wrong by violation of the speed for information transmission.
Wait, it's all em waves. always has been.
So i don't have any creditionals in any of these fields, you can think of me as an ametuer enthusiast who just loves to learn about the natural inner workings of things. The amount of intelligent, scientific discourse that came from that single video should be applauded. it got people far smarter then I am thinking, but it also gave people like me something to learn, be distracted with, and even research further. This was a great video, and you and fellow youtubers really should give each other a pat on the back for the intelligent discourse. I look forward to all future content even as someone who has been here lurking since 2017. Keep em Coming!
It's unreal 1.2 million views in 16 hours . Well done.
Love this channel, changing the way people consider the magic of election motion and its correlation to magnetic fields.
@Mr. V - the fact alone that you made this video makes me feel good about defending you against some commentators. Science is about admitting something went wrong. And you did that. Period. Also - Science _communication_  is differnt from science, as it touches the social sciences (I know, oxymorinic). Electroboom and EEVblog (to name two channels I watch and appreciate) are both ... experts and have their niche. While knowledgable expertise in itself is always the wat yo go - and  sometimes the way they communicate might leave a wrong impression, especially with the "hater" (or possibly just socially inept) crowd hanging around. I famously remember Mathology's (very German) takedown of -1/12th; where Brady haran reacted a bit sour, understandably, but not really justifiably. I feel the science _communicator_ community should be a bit more invested in the utilitarian aspect of every piece of works they put out. And be a bit more forgiving (but as you seem to have the social skills panned out a bit more, good thing you made this video). And just to make this clear: I DO NOT WANT ELCTROBOOM TO BE MORE SOCIABLE! :-)
The follow-up video we all knew was coming.
Not explaining well enough turned out to be a happy accident.
Great video. Took EM Fields and Electric Circuits engineering classes in college and they didn't really explain circuits at this fundamental level.
THIS IS HOW WIRELESS CHARGING WORKS!!!
You've made me greatly appreciate our educational system in my country (well at least what it used to be) because what you teach here is what we're being taught first and foremost in 7th grade (1st year Physics study) in schools. And that is the fact that the electric field is the main source of electricity. Electrons are everywhere and there is no electricity. And the main goal of electric network is to set up an electric field rather than build a highway where electrons will magically run.
not sure if this video is useful. It makes electricity look more complex than it is. when first switched on, the surging field emits a field over the air and that will cause a (very very small) current flow at the resistor/light bulb. eventually, the field going inside of the conductor will, much later, give a proper high current. So technically you were right, but honestly, the electrical field over the air, and magnetic, with a DC battery, are so small that they are not very practical. As I said, I think this channel usually explains things, and this video has the opposite effect.
This. This is the best, clearest most concise lesson in the necessary elements of basic electronics I have seen. This style of teaching. This depth of drilldown. This level of investigation and response and peer-review and thinking about consequences and implications.  Do this to learn.
I am a IC circuit designer, I understand the pain of an engineer, but at heart I am a Physicist and it hurts me every time my engineering colleagues argue about current flowing inside or at the outer edge of conductor due to Skin Effect(which very rare number of engineers talk about, smhh).... But Lets consider a hypothetical situation of Superconductors being used in a circuit near to BlackHole, now tell me do you think the circuit will work? Physics says it won't work as Black holes absorbs all electromagnetic radiations, but if you consider electrical energy is flowing inside wires then circuit will work, which current Physics disagrees!!!
I've been waiting for this video for agesss!!!
What happens if insulated wires are used?
Great work Derek.  Keep challenging us. :)
Remember when there were video responses on YouTube. And anytime someone posts a response automatically pinned under the video so you can follow the whole video thread. Good times.
And....  Just wanted to add - "Mind blown" with regard to how electricity "really" works, as like most I've grown up thinking purely in terms of electrons travelling through metal wires, even though I understand about wireless chargers!  :)  The diagrams in this video - especially the 3D ones - really helped to better understand what flicking a switch really does.
I love the level of controversy your scientific theories create across YouTube
Why make life difficult by elevating the wires up in the air in this experiment?  Could you not just make it low to the ground so you didn't have to climb ladders balancing the oscilloscope on top of it?
I’m sorry but this is exactly what is wrong with the post-modern world. People who criticize not based on evidence but on theory.    “Oh no way that is possible because in THEORY it doesn’t work that way!”  Absolute brainlets.
I think what makes it nonintuitive from a transmission line point of view is that it's a rather unusual setup to analyze that way, with the source and load being embedded within a shorted transmission line rather than at terminal ends as you'd expect. I don't believe my college textbook on transmission lines even gives an example like this.
I've been following your channel for some years now, and have shared a lot of the content with my young kids along the way as a way of making them really think about the world they live in.  When I watched your first video on this subject, well, it went about 1 metre over my head, and I moved on :)  What surprised me was when I then started seeing other YouTubers posting responses and decrying your work, and many of them in a pretty negative light.  I guess you know when you've "made it" by the amount of people who suddenly try to knock you down (and gain views by quoting your content!).  (Tall Poppy Syndrome's a bitch.)     This retort is everything I have come to expect from you - to the point, genuine, and humble where required.    Well done on the channel, and please keep bringing us amazing, thought provoking content.
I'm sure I'm just impatient and it'll be answered in the five minutes I have left, but: Why did you build it at ladder+ height?  Is the expected conductance of the ground so large that that would add an additional "infinite conducting plate" to the problem?
This video was truly worth it. It changed how we think about electricity.
It's really great that there is good scientific debate and cross correction among stem community on YouTube, it's very beneficial to everyone.
On episode 10 of how electricity works. Derek: 'So again let me clear your doubts'
But what is a field tho??🤔
you're old as f
1.4 million views in 1 day!!!!  wow!!😯👍
In the realm of internet controversies or head butting, this is by far the best and most influential one i have seen. No he said she said or other bs, just people conceptualizing science for other people to lean and understand. Then other people chiming in on areas where it can be improved but in a reasonable manner. Ill take these arguments over the normal internet stuff any day.
Since the magnetic field is created by the encounter of protons going all around the circuit and electrons, how can the magnetic field be launched when the circuit is broken and the protons are not close to the switch hence the electrons? Wouldn't it mean that the battery itself would create a magnetic field without even a switch?
@Derek Make your face and the light bulb bigger in the thumbnail
When will Veritasium watch Theoria  appohasis channel about 💡?  He will do a better job explaining what Uncle Fester is telling us.
Another question. Why did you have to put the “wires” up so high?
If I take a light bulb and a battery and I move the two close, but not touching, would the light bulb turn on from the electric field of the battery, or is the electric field of the battery too small?
I have to ask: Given the invention of appropriate harvesting/ charging devices, how much energy could be harvested if all of this waste runoff within the fields were collected and stored- especially if we had *built in runoff energy capture technology* as part of our design? When Hartley is talking about defining the other side of transmission lines- it makes me think *runoff field energy capture tech.*  🔋✨⚡️💫🧹
I'm just 7 sec into the video. Buoyyyy.... I was waiting for this one from Derek, for months.
So how will you even get this gigantic E-field?
SOMEONE NEAR A FARM NEEDS TO ISOLATE A WIRE NEAR THEIR ELECTRIC FENCE AND THEN TOUCH IT
Are the oscilloscopes leads completely shielded? If not they are going to have an induced voltage also. Does that change the results enough to draw a different conclusion?
I liked the other thumbnail :(
I think it finally clicked when you were talking about the static charge on the circuits before anything happens. Most of the time statics are taught and then circuits, but only steady state and the bridge between them is left out. When I realized it was the transient activity of the electric field I stopped thinking of the elements as lumped but more like antenna responding to a changing electric field and then suddenly there was no incongruity in my mental model.   So glad to have watch this interaction. This is what science is about.
Awesome video man, thanks for it
Damn ..so many bigshots in the comment section...
1.4 million views in the first 14 hours of upload on a science channel.  Faith in humanity partially restored
bro i think i finally get how this works. so the electric field moves at the speed of light basicaly moving the electrons that already exsist on the wire at the same speed or near it? am i wrong?
Yep, still an antenna :-)
So in laymen's terms the light turns on a little from the electric field before the actual current lights the bulb? I can understand that but it seems negligible and kind of obvious since we use the effect in transformers all the time. But it also sounds like you're saying the field pushes the current and that doesn't sound right to me. I always thought the electrons are simply attracted to the protons that are missing electrons and that they're missing electrons because the battery has a ton of protons missing electrons, on one side, and tons excess protons, on the other side. I think the current creates the electric field myself. I don't see anything you said that would prove show or explain that the field causes the main electron flow. Maybe it's not what you meant but as a novice that's how I understood it. Wish it was explained so someone like me could understand it easy.
And the fun begins
I have a Spinal Cord Stimulator (which is an AMAZING device that actually “learns” by mapping the frequency of signals down & up the spinal cord, and with my initial help during a 2 week setup period, deciphers the difference between normal activity and pain stimuli, then sends that same learned pain frequency but off by π, creating a interference to the pain signals in my lower back and legs) implanted in my back, the battery of which needs to be recharged every few days. Not only is there obviously no direct wire to wire contact as it’s literally buried under skin and fat and some muscle, but the battery is a circular protrusion that sticks up above the device by several mms, and the charger is a flat-donut shaped device on a belt that sits around the battery and recharges by what is obviously electromagnetic fields.   And don’t apologize for creating even more awesome content by an incomplete idea presentation. As a former professor, I can tell you that teachers are always learning from their students, and some of the greatest inventions, let alone classroom lessons, have grown out of happy accidents.
So a few odd things that occur based on the description- 1: If you put a light on the far end of one of the lines (so, halfway between the switch and original light), even though it's half the distance from the switch following the wires, it would actually still turn on half a second later than the light 1 meter away from the switch.  2: The placement of the battery makes no difference, only the placement of the switch itself. Because even though the battery is the energy source, the electromagnetic fields are built up around the open switch. If the battery was an inch away from the light, but the switch was the opposite side (so, one meter gap away, but a light second of wire away), the light would only get that trickle (14mW) of power for the first second as the field from the switch started, and the battery which is right next to the light would still require a full second for the current to reach it's full potential.
This whole thing has been one of thE tastiest can of worms ever opened, in the history of YouTube imo. ⚡👍
I think the fact the Derek is able to spark a debate about topics of science and maths (just like in the 1900s) in itself is pretty significant!
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, therefore, if you confess with your lips the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life74
The fact this channel has 12 millions subs, 1.5 million views in less than 24hrs, with #4 on trending, shows me that pple are hungry for information....
Your first video already blew my mind, this one with those simulations will change the way I will feel flicking a light on, forever...a rip through space that hits the bulb in a straight line to collide with the second to deliver energy....I've seen waves on beaches "doing that" and it's beautiful! LOVE IT
Smooth brain here way not have a long line of resistors or what ever boom uses to pop. And just overload them and see if they all pop at once or if the electricity can beat them and make it back befor they pop
Where is the link to the old video? How hard it is to put it in the description?
are? did the thumbnail change...? still nice vid
Hi, how did you measure the delay of voltage between the bulb and switch? I guess you connected the oscillometer both to the bulb and switch. Would it create a circuit of only 1 meter's length?
Thank you for making this follow up video! I was very confused by your first one, and this one is much clearer and easier to understand. I also loved the shout-outs to so many other science channels; thanks! :)
Did people not know this? I remember being taught this in 8th grade
Fascinating! This video goes to show how influential the teaching methods and conceptual models we learn through are in shaping how we view the world. It kind of seems obvious when I say it like that, but I think it's important to recognize. Who knows how many paths of inquiry I've overlooked thanks to pedagogy?
I imagine it has to be about the most fulfilling feeling to compel  such a conversation, creating all these fascinating follow-on contributions.
Yes this was a very good result to show people how to test it
U can do a simple pulsed Nitrogen Laser with that Transmissionline Thing ;)
No, no, no, no, no...still don't get it! Need more visuals on what happens when there are changes in voltage or current. Say 2 batteries in series vs parallel.
Put the bulb in a electrically shield box and show that the bulb is not lighten up.
So without the extra impedance of the air, the initial amount of power imparted to the lightbulb over that meter of space would be higher if this experiment was done in a vacuum, right? Also, as the two ends of the switch (the sides with the positive vs negative surface charges) approach each other (during the physical process of the switch being closed), the field strength “inside” the wire (near the switch) increases from a low amount (not actually zero like you said) to the full amount, right? So in other words, it’s not spontaneously going from 0 to full strength, but rather smoothly increasing from a very low nonzero field strength value up to the full value?
The static potential before the switch closes is the key.  My previous response did not consider this.  Well done!  (That point about relative position of switch and bulb is excellent!)
Today i realise that  i know nothing about anything.
This is leftist science which is fantasy science
amazing video, thank you
The crossover we need, but not the one we deserve
Where is the original video? Can't find it for the life of me
are you happy? you made a glossed-over video with lots of traps for other channels to have to react to and boost you only to now, finally, fully-ass the video as you should have the first time round. It's just shocking the level of "i know they'll question what i just said so I'll clarify now" in this video compared to the first one where you just simply show authority figures saying "you're right" and "people won't believe you."
Brrooooo this is equivalent to Kendrick in control .....
You still made a major error with the disconnected or broken circuit part. The segment of wire that will be but isn't initially connected to the switch will be at ground state initially but it is not connected to the ground terminal of the battery so it will lose its ground state almost at the speed of light (as the field propagates) after the switch is closed. This this is because when you close the switch and the segment of broken wire connected to the switch is connected to the charged terminal, the electric field of that segment will be brought to the charge of the terminal it is connected to, thus current will stop flowing from the battery into the segment of wire. This means that the bulb will turn on after 1m/c seconds, but will turn off very shortly after.  Edit: it is analogous to your capacitor part but with a single capacitor. Other than this Good work!
Thank you for the follow up! The original video/explanation definitely didn’t click for me, while this version makes a lot more sense. Mentioning the wire is essentially precharged with fields when the battery was connected was when it made sense to me
I guess I'll take your word for it!
You so often have such fundamentally flawed statements in the first video of what becomes a series, I have to wonder if it's a deliberate effort to get more mileage out of your videos. You have to correct what you meant to say SO OFTEN, I unsubscribed from you ages ago.  Considering how often this happens, you may want to get someone to review your videos to make sure you're communicating clearly. Or, stop deliberately leaving half the necessary information out of your videos.
Do they just like never make EE's solve maxwell's equations???
what is going on
What an amazing video!
I love the way at you close every hater's ass xD
Your video produced far more than it ever would have if it had been “perfect”. Far more excitement and discussion that will have far more reach. By igniting the discussion about energy field you’ve connected more people on the topic than ever before. Now, do the same with “warp” field and see what happens.
Thank you.  I specialise in high speed connectivity and I think this makes it clearer why we need to implement techniques in different ways to achieve high speed reliable transmissions.
better to explain it quantummechanically: The battery  has a potential energy difference between ions+electrons in anode and cathode. Since the electrons in the wire are a fermi gas, the impuls is fixed and position is uncertain.(uncertainty principle). This means the electrons wave smeared out over the whole wire. the potential difference directly lead to an Impuls of electrons (drude model). the electrons pump more with ions leading the light pulp to glow.
I'm glad you revisited this, but it feels like you're just doubling down on the clickbait you touted in your last video. You should admit that your assertion was incorrect, because you were definitely suggesting that a normal light bulb would fully illuminate instantaneously when the switch is thrown, and that the length of the wire was irrelevant.
First video was click bait. Second video was a copy and mix of many other channels which correctly described how it works. Nothing new learnt.
Does this change the explanation that a teacher would give a primary school learner on "How electricity works?"
Derek’s really out here throwing hands with the entire STEM world and I’m all here for it.
I think the main problem was actually that calling a few milliamperes “on” is misleading when most people wouldn’t count that as truly on. While you technically did qualify the original question with a theoretical bulb that turns on with any amount of current, this is so far removed from reality that it makes people feel like it’s misleading. I feel like a better original question would have the bulb replaced with a sensor or a better answer would explain that a realistic bulb turns on a small amount in 1m/c seconds and fully after 1 full lightsecond. I also think it would have been helpful to explain what would happen if the circuit were a perfect circle with a radius of 1 lightsecond and what would happen with a circuit with a load was next to an unconnected load with some wire near the main circuit. I think that would add a lot more clarity and understanding of how cool this is and what truly happens in a circuit
A video explaining exactly what happens with EMPs to electronics would be most welcome . . . especially with Putin and the Rooskies making irresponsible threats of nuclear retaliation for their atrocious behavior in Ukraine.
I think the main problem was actually that calling a few milliamperes “on” is misleading when most people wouldn’t count that as truly on. While you technically did qualify the original question with a theoretical bulb that turns on with any amount of current, this is so far removed from reality that it makes people feel like it’s misleading. I feel like a better original question would have the bulb replaced with a sensor or a better answer would explain that a realistic bulb turns on a small amount in 1m/c seconds and fully after 1 full lightsecond. I also think it would have been helpful to explain what would happen if the circuit were a perfect circle with a radius of 1 lightsecond and what would happen with a circuit with a load was next to an unconnected load with some wire near the main circuit. I think that would add a lot more clarity and understanding of how cool this is and what truly happens in a circuit
16:33, bang on, the whole video before this and most definitely in some of the responses to the original that I wasted time watching, all I could think was if we could just compare this to a transmission line and how we model it but make it understandable for the internet, you did it
Why were the wires suspended on poles?
Well done at maintaining professionalism and character while explaining to your detractors.
@19:47 the stock footage scene of the supervisor telling someone how to screw in a lightbulb is low key hilarious.
Nailed it this time, Derek!
Dialectics!
To be honest the first title was better Derrek. Explanation is epic though. :)
Well done dude 🤘🏻 as someone whose designed a bunch of complex surgical robots, I can attest that it’s all about the B fields, and keeping them from being places you don’t want em.
These videos are so cool that i want to watch the ad after it to support you.
Great work. Can anybody tell me what happened to the veritasiumcontest? Who were the winners ?
Thank-you for the detailed explanation!
You are unusually kind to those who tried to twist your words, so that they have something to correct and get attention.
So by adding back in all the nuance. You admit thought experiments are pointless and wildly inaccurate ways of looking at things? Well ok then.  Seriously this was useless. You cannot effect change in the wire ofer the ridiculous distances you were talking about with the thought experiment and with this experiment  we see the magnetic field has some influence so... I guess point proven. But is it really? In revisit number three I guess you'll have to explain how this isn't the result of induction.
How does this apply to circuit boards?
It's still wrong though....the power still has to flow through the entire length of the wires, you're just cheating because it's an LED and can use leakage, and yes, it's leakage, but field rather than line. If you placed the entire wire into a circle, you would have to wait the full length of time...if you place the wire in a faraday cage, same thing, you would have to wait. The electricity within the wire still has to move, and yes, it moves, it's called "skin effect"....it is married to the field. The field moves the electrons, the electrons create the field, similar to how you put a weight on the end of a spring and it changes from rotation to bouncing and back again. The full power is not considered until the speed of light.  Yes, in microchips, fields are very important because you are in extremely small spaces with relatively high voltages in comparison to the size.....so if you have a competing power line that crosses on the other side of the board, it will act as a capacitor and block your transmission. This didn't change anything being taught, it's still the same thing, just have to do better at identifying key points.
amazing video
Tartaria had free electricity.
What role, if any, does shielding around the wire play in the initial voltage transfer at 1m/c? Is it possible to completely eliminate this voltage transfer with the use of specific types of shielding?
This video is amazing, i was sure you were wrong after watching the last video, this explained it much clearer
Super duper explanation. Keep up the good job.
Apology accepted.
1 small question that stirred the YouTube scientific community and as a result, we get tons of experiments, hypotheses, answers and justifications. Let's hope the community discuss more things together!
I think I clicked the wrong disstrack...
The thumbnail has been changed!
That was brilliant. Thanks so much.
what would happen if you place a solid metal plate not connected to anything, between the 1 m gap? would the initial signal still reach at 1/c seconds or would it now have to travel the wire
The problem I had with the original answer to the original video was the definition of the light turning "on". I presumed that meant when the light see's the full source voltage. I personally wouldn't say a door is open if I just cracked it open, but when it is all the way open. Derek obviously thinks differently. If someone leaves the door "open" in the dark and I walk into it because they told me it was "open", who is to blame? I think this is a gap in the english language where "on" doesn't convey a magnitude when it needs to, leaving ambiguity.
Is there any difference in teaching engineering course and pure physics course
There's a low cost tool which lights up when electricity is present around wires. it explains pretty much about the surface charge. it's like a wire tracking tool used by electricians. Don't mind other youtubers,they just wanted content.
So to power something you need 2 things something which creates an electric field and something which equalises the electric field at one end. The switch part became confusing again ,about how it changes the time for the bulb to light up.
I dunno, I thought the other video was fine. I'm betting most people who posted videos arguing otherwise either didn't watch the previous video or did it because it'd mean more views by stirring discussion.
respect +
Thumbnail Switch?
I absolutely love these two videos of yours! Heretical but beautiful! Thanks for this, helps me understand EM forces much better.
Ouch, definitely not for beginners. So many terms used that I don't understand. Ouch
Let's take a moment to think about how so many scientific people are discussing about something that in theory should be basic science. Including Derek himself who has a master's degree in neutrinos.
@21:18 not only that, but it also show how easy people are skeptical of all things before they find out the details. showing that most problems and arguments stem from how people are taught and refuse to take other information as fact.
The problem is... I got that. I've understood this. But I don't think I can explain this to others.
stole this video by alpha phoenix
12:45 but since a magnetic field and an electric field are apparently, intimately related, is there any point in trying to disentangle them?
Apart from the science, the awesome animations and the clear explanation, the fact that he's going through all this trouble to explain the idea using real-life materials and comparing the theorical results to the real-life results to prove that the concept's true is truly remarkable! Amazing work❤️
Excellent video and émulsion debate. Thanks also for your extended humility, because ... I liked the tone and Spirit of the first video, that principally highlighted the perversities of our common shared simplifications. Thanks a lot. Love all your vids
I’ve been waiting for this follow up video.😃. You nearly broke the internet last time    Great work Derek 👍
As I remember reading in a YouTube comment ages ago, the best way to obtain new information is to present false information and wait for all the smarter people to correct you. Not to say that Derek presented wrong information, but just the possibility opened up a can of worms. Great video Derek, you handled the criticism well and presented a professional, all-inclusive response. I bet if this controversy/discussion didn't happen, your viewers (myself included) wouldn't know anything about electric fields! And hey, education is the whole goal of the channel, right? :)
This is how Science should be conducted :) Thank you!
I guess saying "Study Maxwell's Equations" wouldn't be much of a video.
Ha! My complaint with the original video is actually what we see here. As soon as current flows power is flowing out of the battery (some going to the bulb) but until the signal that the circuit is completed makes it's way to the bulb, the energy doesn't know to flow into the bulb (so you only get a tiny fraction of the energy)
Science is a tough gig man! You have to be ready to weather the storm.
who is that chick with the glasses and the beard?
I think I may have learned more from this video than I did from four years of studying electrical engineering in college
Amazing, thank you. This discussion has proved so much conversation and made the topic accessible to everyone.
If you intended to light up a small LED using this large battery, then you would have used a big resistor
I call BS because super conductors
Ok, if there is no actual flow, now You must explain how diodes work and rechargeable batteries, why capacitors do not charge if You add + only and then - .
Отлично, Дерек переоткрыл радио и детектор радиоволн.
Love from India ❤️❤️
There’s one thing I don’t fully understand. The disconnected wire, does it have to have been connected to a complete circuit at one point to behave like that?
This is why I love science the community is just great
omg wait i think i understand electricity now
I'm not pretending to have an answer, but I still don't really understand the field's actual location.  How quickly does it "die off" outside the wire, and is there a distance limit at which the bulb may never turn on?  Why can many circuits be right next to each other without interfering, even if they have different voltage?  What about a circuit that still turns on even if the direct path from battery to bulb is blocked by an insulating wall and only connected by the wire?  I know very little about electrical engineering so I'd like to know
I don't quite understand if this is all true, what exactly happens on a broken circuit? Why doesn't it work just as well as an unbroken one?
Regardless of how it started the end result is awesome 👍 Thanks Derek 😆
This might be the best follow-up video I've ever seen on YouTube. The response to the previous video was all over the place, as often is on the Internet. The comments section had some people angry, saying the video was nothing but clickbait and lies (and angry comments like this happen every day and everywhere, so that on its own isn't necessarily noteworthy). But then you had the wonderful responses from Electrical Engineering YouTubers like you stated, which opened the doors up to really examine every facet and dive deeper into the subject.  This video showed that the first video was not baseless or unfounded as some believed, but that your experiment just needed some more examples and clarification (and oscilloscope results!) to make it really clear what you were getting at. It was beautiful to see the collaborative efforts in this video, and also awesome to see you going out of your way to build things to test your hypotheses as usual.  Excellent work, and excellent job spreading the word on the other excellent channels that have also delved into this topic!
I finally saw it. The whole thing happens at once. Everything snapped into place. 7:45.
That’s probably how radios work huh, high powered directional switch flickers inducing fields over specially tuned circuits. That would be clever.
4:15 yeah but isn't the electron the carrier of the electric field?
There's Amber Heard then this guy on the top 5 hated.
👌🏽
Keep it up! Good job. We only do better when we keep asking and admit we may not have it right yet. We have far more to learn than we have already understood.
I like the unintentional use of Murphy's Law to inspire responses to your first video ;)  Great video diving deeper into the energy flow of circuits at an elementary level. I appreciate the work you do!
if this is true, why dont people get shocked whenever they are close to an active electric field?
Is there any chance that fields are created through our nervous system?
1/c instead of 1 meter/c confused and angered me so thanks for fixing it
Thanks a lot. I understood electricity for the first time. Now I understand how Alternating currents actually work too. I used have a hard time imagining the electrons flowing back and forth, no matter the distance of the physical wires, 50 or 60 times/sec. Now I know it's the electric field that carries the energy and not the flowing electrons.
It killed Derick to admit all the misunderstandings were his fault haha. I suspect it was a peace making decision than anything else :D
😂 Derek, you’re funny.
So, the lightbulb will light up, even if it is not connected to the battery with the wire, if it is close enough to it's electric field?
I've been looking forward to a follow up on this topic since the first video started getting contrarian responses. Great follow up! Thanks :)
thumb nails keep changing
Thanks for the nice expansion! Love watching your videos!
What if you really insulate the surface of the wires. What would change and what would happen?
So it isn't little demons running to the bulb to turn it on ??
Why is this in my recommendations i'm not Amish :(
this is sooooooooo boring
This reminds me of my physics class, where after one of the lectures I had discussion with the professor about how the current flow is mostly near the surface of the conductor, and how the fields play an important role. Our discussion didn't go as far to such thought experiments, but I think this was helpful to better understand the concept. After 4-5 years of having that discussion, Ohms law and Kelvins laws have sufficed my daily needs, so I almost forgot about that discussion. I am glad that this video reminded me of that.
I feel that I'm on the verge of falling into another electrical engineering rabbit hole, just like when the first video was released.
Just love this Victorian-era scientific argument.  So cool.
Thank you so much for making this follow-u video. I must say your first video on this topic was the first time I finished one of your videos and felt like I didn't understand what you were trying to show us at all. This video makes what is happening MUCH more clear an understandable, and so incredibly interesting! Thank you!
Well two things I got from this video is: electricity is complicated and Maxwell was a genius. How hew came to understand this and create equations to model electromagnetic fields is crazy. Great video.  [Edit] Just looked it up, Maxwell died about 10 years before the invention of the car for crying out loud!
hey, your circuits video sparked a lot of discussion, experimentation and research, well done!
Electricity in wires emits an field of magnetism. Wrap the wire around iron plates with magnetic fields it makes it stronger. Hence motors and generators
“Someone who makes it to the end of a Veritasium video is exactly the kind of person who would want to learn with Brilliant”. That may be best advertisement opener I’ve ever heard
This is breaking my brain.  The bit I still don’t understand (can someone explain?): it seems like he’s saying that at first the field induces a current at the point in the circuit that the resistor sits across from the switch, seemingly with a voltage strong enough to power an LED lightbulb, but there’s also some secondary voltage much higher than that once “the signal has completed the circuit”.  But it’s also presented in such a way as if the field is the only thing that really matters, so why the secondary voltage spike and then eventual plateau? Does it go back to ‘marbles in a hose’ after a certain point that the signal has completed the circuit?  Or is it still all just fields or… I dunno.  I clearly don’t understand but would appreciate some clarity
There is a piece that I still don't understand...  If all the wire does is give the electrons a way to move and all the power comes from the field, why do we thicker wires to carry (facilitate?) more current?   There is plenty of room in 22 gauge wire for a whole lot of electrons.  But don't try running the electric stove on 22 gauge wire.  The wire will melt if it's not thick enough.
thank you for your 'mistake'.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, BAHAHAHAH,,,,,,,,,,,,, KEEP it GOING VER...   Great Video,,,,!!!!!!!
This videos was a lot better than the 99% of my Electrical Engineering classes!
Can you explain electromagnet  in similar details
If its the magnetic field causing this movement of electrons the placing a strong magnet at a point in the wire would cause a change and it doesn't.
100Kth like YAY! love you derek
A great follow up video and your clarifications certainly seemed to address most of the confusion around this concept.  One detail I would however question is on the point you made in your original video and also repeated in this video about the assumption that the conductors should be thought of as superconductors.  I would question why you make this statement  - if you simply assumed that the conductors are made of copper then this would make no appreciable difference to either the original or your scaled down model.  Also,  I would question what exactly do you mean by superconducting wires?  If you consider any real superconductors known to man they all still have resistance  - just a lot lower than that for any normal room temperature conducting wire.  So practical superconductors do have resistance so clearly stating that the wires are superconductors doesn't seem to make any real appreciable difference.  If by you statement that we should assume that the wires are superconductors  - you are actually meaning that we should assume zero resistance then I would actually challenge this statement and question if you actually fully appreciate the absurdity of this statement.  Do you actually understand how zero resistance would break the laws of physics?
And this is the reason why radio looks like magic. The lumped element model is insufficient to explain it.  What you did is basically radio-ING your way back to the lumped element model.
Also, yeah, basically a capacitor is just a couple "eloctrodes" i.e. metal or other relative conducting wires or plates, that are separated by a gap which is relatively resistant, whether air, plastic, a vacuum, etc.  and it is the electric field that surrounds them that makes them work.  So it makes perfect sense that the negative charge near the  switch would essentially form a capacitor between it and the light-bulb/led or resistor near it.  Capacitors don't exactly work like a valve or even a one-way valve, but more like Tesla's Valve.  Tesla's valve essentially restricts the flow of water or other fluid one way and lets it flow freely another, but some current still can go the other way.  In any case still a bit different, but althought the electric field and the magnetic field are related, there is a little juice in both.  This is one reason why, for example, traditional car batteries should not be stored on a concrete floor-- the slight moisture in the floor, as well as the concrete itself, creates a slighly conductive, though resisting, surface like a wire, and the air around the electrodes and the concrete form capacitance.  Some electricity will flow through it, and this will not only deplete the battery, but degenerate it as the acid eats the internal electrodes, and deposits the metal ions in the electrolyte onto the plates, effectively ruining the battery.  Love this explanation thought, and the physcical demonstration.  Way beyond a thought experiment.  Kudos!
Impressive, very nice. Now let's see Paul Allen's explanation of electricity
If people want to move to an area with less pollution, or fewer criminals to burglarise their home, then moving to the coast is appealing because there is only on average half the amount of surrounding neighborhood there. Someone living on a narrow outcrop will have even less.     In the same way, excess charge tends to the edges and pointy bits of a conductor.
I have no idea what is going on through half of the video 🤣 but lets keep going
Electricity moves at the speed of light. Here on earth I don't think that can be measured...it is so small of a measurement it can't be noticed by anything we have to measure.
C. P. Steinmetz could have answered this question over 100 years ago. See "Electric Discharges, Waves and Impulses". He knew that the energy in a circuit was stored outside the wires in the form of the magnetic field surrounding the wire and the dielectric field emanating from the wire. Together these fields make up what we call the electric field. He also knew that the electron or any charge carrying particle does not exist. Everything is fields and fields are not particles.
Misleading
That's great and all, but is she (19:53 ) telling that guy how to screw in a lightbulb?? 💡
To really understand electricity you have to understand why copper is used you have understand why the use of hydro power dams and why everything is grounded also are sun are gravity and magnetics. Plus so much more. These understandings are thought in schools
Physics is a pure science with often objectively correct answers, which is why there has been so much debate over the internet with people from all levels of physics expertise.
Ok so this question is going to reveal how little I understand:   Does this mean that if you stood in the middle of a circuit and hold a lightbulb, it would turn on, at least slightly?
im slightly dissappointed in that i never saw a comparative physical model that was in a circle shape, ie toroid. with field nulling insulating materials ie metal or ceramics. instead of parellel wires.  I thought the entire purpose was the thought experiment of a single conductor/wire around the earth, yet only experiments shown were of parallel conductors less than a metre apart.  WTH?
You didn't do the math for the characteristic impedance of the space wire! Points for mentioning it, though!  Also, nice scope!
That's why I never touch electric things The wires and also the subjects 😅
I know almost nothing about electricity but, I love this explanation. “But did you understand?” … I found it very helpful and interesting. And if you ask me if a learn something, yes I did and I enjoy it. Thank you for this awesome video!
it makes me so happy to see the YouTube science community coming together and working on stuff like this peacefully happily and cooperatively especially in such awful times
When did we figure out this is how electricity works?
Ok hear me out. What if you were face timing someone and turned on the light switch. Would you see them turn it on and then the light coke one after? Or would you see the light turn on and then then turning it on? Of course assuming a perfect wireless internet connection
This is just in time for AP Physics tests.
This guy is so into clickbates now that he makes "mistakes" and have fun as many others who are really talented do the real work for him. Amazing!
This makes my brain happy.
wow, this video clarifies a lot. and changes my whole view of how i used to think about electricity. Well done, Derek. you're the best
honestly I think that you should give alpha Phoenix video a lot more credit his video basically proved you correct and laid down the basis for this video and also your reaction to the response to your original video is fantastic in my opinion I think that your attitude about this is awesome and the way that you handle this makes me like you a whole lot more so total respect and I really don't understand how the fields thing works even though the simulations are highly detailed it's boggling my mind for some reason but I kind of understand so thank you for that
This is still WRONG and has been corrected numerous times by Ron Maimon on Physics StackExchange. In the completely obsolete Drude model, electrons move slowly. In this model, you imagine the current is carried by a classical gas of electrons, and you divide the total current by the density of all electronic charge to get the drift velocity. This predicts a completely bogus drift velocity of a few cm/s, which is total nonsense, because only electrons near the Fermi surface contribute to the conductivity. Nevertheless, you see this hypercorrection repeated endlessly. The best answer: the electronic wavefunctions are spread out in a metal. The correct notion of electron velocity is the Fermi velocity, which is enormous typically, because the wavelength is about 1 atomic radius. While it isn't the same as the speed of electricity going down the wire (which is the speed of the field perturbations, some significant fraction of the speed of light), it is enormously high. Impurities which can scatter electrons will alter this speed, but not as much as the naive hypercorrection says.
5:52 How does it create that specific gradient pattern of electric field and how does a resistor influence the creation of it?
I thoroughly appreciate how you handled some of the uglier responses to your original video by simply not engaging it. As a retired systems architect who's been part of the public aspects of this whole weird online experience since it's earliest days (pre AOL, et al), I know all too well -- via observation and personal experience -- that it's not always easy to take that high road.   PS: loved hearing Big Clive's voice in the YouTube responses montage! LOL.
Something something something... MAGIC.  Got it.
You should have did the experiment with a 1 meter gap along the circuit at a different (Near the bottom right side maybe) section for dramatic effect because it is the fields that create it all.
This guy is the only true scientist. The other guys just talk and don't actually run EXPERIMENT. Always remember that the scientific method is the reason why scientists make so much progress when all other versions of academia did not. The instant people think they're too smart or knowledgeable to need to run experiments, they're dead to science.
From a layman electric term. Capacitance, basically. Any two wires close together will generate a magnetic field and interact. That's how a transformer works. The primary is not touching the secondary and yet power is transfered just through the electromagnetic field.
Well done 👍😁
Derek. At video point 21:00, you say everyone agrees that a slow but steady current lights up the light bulb.  I disagree.  There is a not a "steady" current.  it is a "transient".  the current that goes all the way around the wire is the steady DC current.  There are two components of current.  The inducted transient current across the air gap between the two wires and the DC current that goes around the entire wire loop.
You would think that people should know by now that Veritasium gets a lot of things correct...
Nikola Tesla: "Finally. Jeez."
Does this mean that a circuit does not have to be completed to light a bulb.   If yes, which this video is implying, then why do normal circuits I have at home not light up a bulb with the switch opened?  Someone please explain..
I think this video is going to be bouncing around in my head for some time, much like when one of PBS space time's videos gave me perspective of how gravity warps paths across time. My brain was taught the function of wires was to carry electrons, but is now considering their purpose is to propagate and focus magnetic fields so that electrons in surrounding materials get pulled in useful directions.  The last video didn't sink in, but I think the videos from the simulations really made this one work for me. It'll just take some time for my intuition to catch up.
To be honest , I really really liked it that you made a small mistake in the earlier video explanation because of that I got to see a 1000 versions of explanations and different perspective on the same questions.. I don't understand why we especially in science don't celebrate failures and mistake as far as i feel it always the mistake that open new doors  in science.. this is mistake was one of those good mistakes ..I loved it ..I loved that you made a a follow up video on this.. thanks for doing this
What Derek is doing with his videos is sparking actual accessible scientific discourse like in the old days. Maybe those are already known concepts, and maybe it's not all going through peer review, but it shows how productive and exciting scientific discussions can be.
I'm now interested to see the upcoming reaction video on the reactions to this video.
Thank you Derek, this explanation was due 👍
AND this is why I enjoy Derek 's uploads, tons of knowledge. Thank you!
so how transformers or wireless chargers work?all the jargon threw me off but is that basically how it would work?
Yep ! This is awesome...
This video clearly shows that the original is misleading to say the least. I mean I appreciate this video, but it’s a correction not a explanation to the original.
Why complicate an analogy? Stick to dogs and sheep and save a lot of time. But seriously, fields are the wasted energy when opposing charges mutually accelerate creating extra energy from infinity (don't ask). The light is lit up when opposite charges, by close 'squeezing', pump copious energy into thin wire (quarks) and perturb the oscillations (the Highs) resulting in a 'spray' of photons.
I only watched this video for the visual ASMR lmao
Noh
Yes wires are just as reflectors of the field.
*_I'm really shocked that you didn't refer to Nikola Tesla who has been doing the wireless transfer of electricity long before anyone could understand it. Hence he lit up a house across the lake and lit up all the lights in an Auditorium(hundreds of social elites were there to witness this) without wires! He performed this demonstration hundreds of times before a crowd of witnesses. This is another way of proving your theory._* *This is another way of how he came to invent the Radio! Yes, Nikola Tesla invented the Radio. Not the guy that stole, Tesla Radio's invention. The patent office finally gave credit where credit was due and awarded Tesla as the true inventor of the Radio(the Tesla family had to take the PTO to court even though they had way more than enough proof Tesla was the Radio inventor! That's government corruption for you).*
Fantastic scientific debate. This is how the world should be when discussing ideas.
In 25 years I haven’t understood electricity this intuitively until today
This is good scientific discourse, and I'm glad that you are willing to correct even a tiny detail in your original video that was wrong. 10/10
so for starters i am not a native english speaking person but what realy throws me off is your use of the word surface if i think it away it all makes sence (could just be me)
i watched the original video (did not grasp it) but it started me thinking differently - now I will go back to my simplistic cave man thinking about food. Thanks Derek
Your first video really was a train wreck, glad you revisited this one.
I love how Derek under explains stuff just so he can prove that he's the boss later on when people question him
Why is this setup ten feet in the air?
i would see this video when we are studying electricity in physics
I admit a lot of this is above my mental capacity but isn’t this a demonstration of why charged solar emissions are dangerous for electronics, all electronics. But most dangerous for those “online”.  Similar concept for an EMP albeit way less powerful/more targeted?  While those are a combination of both magnetic and electrical fields, there is no “switch” to flip on but yet the wires will still induce a current.   I think I need an aspirin and a drink though after this. Not an electrical engineer for sure but it is fascinating.   Thanks.
I still think you're being a bit deceptive to try and push your view. While your description and treatment is correct, you use surface charges to "prove" that electrons don't carry electrical current, however, surface charges are literally local electron excesses or deficiencies (holes) relative to positively charged nuclei (so it isn't "only" electrons that induce the electric field and they barely move, but they are integral to the mechanism).  Overall, I was impressed by your better explanations of the mechanism this time, however, I regret to say that the rest felt like a vapid and arrogant attempt to conceal the poor descriptions given in your first video. In particular, your labelling of other's opinions as "misinformation" when it was mostly your description that was inadequate and caused confusion. Unfortunately, this video has injured my opinion of your work slightly.
So you are telling me if my upstairs neighbors lays his wiring in the floors and me in a ceiling I can get Free electricity? 😂
I’m confused on how current and amps affect the electric field on how it would carry more over the field.  Assuming that’s how the current and voltage applies.
Poor derek. Doing this has aged you. U deserve a break.
Alpha Phoenix has an excellent video on this.
Game. Set. Match.
Derek, you should know that you're one of the reasons why most people don't like science.
Derek.  Video point 14:21 is also misleading.  Cell phone chargers only work with time varying signals (AC).  They don't work with DC.  In your circuit, at the time = 0 seconds when you initially flip the switch, the circuit initially acts like an AC circuit or transient.  However, the circuit will quickly reach equilibrium.  So the light bulb will only turn on briefly.  This is also true for the wire that is is close proximity of the circuit but is not connected.  There will be a momentary current in the floating wire but it will current will stop flowing as soon as it hits equilibrum.  After the electric field is in equilibrium, the circuit is DC.  You circuit is initially a transient (AC) and then changes to DC.  You need wires in order for a  light bulb to stay on when using a DC current.  However, the lightbulb doesn't need wires when using an AC current.  Phone chargers use AC current induction.  Not DC.
Boooring
Thanks to you im starting to get  what Nicola Tesla tried to do his whole life
I'm a retired electronics engineer...three years now. And, I thought I would never see anything so fundamental explain the nagging questions in the back of my mind that have lingered my whole career. Thank you for your efforts and passion. Well done!
I think your other thumbnail was much more eye-catching.
Best veritasium video yet! What's super interesting to me is the apparent reflected fields and multiple discrete voltage levels before the signal flattened. Time to watch those other videos to learn more!
So many Bot Generated Comments ...😣😣🤬😒🖕
Derek, you crushed it with this video! You opened up a Pandora's box with this first video and did open yourself up to a lot of criticism, but I was super excited when your first video came out because this topic has been near and dear and confusing to my heart for a long time. You roused a lot of really good conversation, and with this video you hit all of the key important points to really understand what is going on. Most importantly, you told a really good story about how we can cast the Maxwell's equations model into the lumped circuit model to bridge the gap in our intuition.   When I was first learning about transmissions lines I was always wonder: "why the heck are they just putting in capacitors and inductors randomly? WTF is going on?" No one ever explained the field model of electric circuits, how that relates to the familiar lumped circuit model, and why that is so freaking important for understanding noise in electric circuits and especially to understanding RF and microwave circuits.   Nice to have an old "grey beard" (as Dave Jones would call him) PCB guy in at the end too, one of the few people in the world who understand the field model of circuits haha!
Science does this all the time. Teaches models rather than facts because its SO SO SO SO much easier to think in terms of a model rather than in first principles all the time.   Most of the time its no big deal but sometimes not understanding the underlying principles leads one astray.  About half the videos on my prospecting channel deal with this issue because people don't understand the fluid dynamics responsible for where gold is deposited in creeks and rivers.  Top video Derick.
You have made a lot of people a lot of money.
For what it's worth, yor first pass was good enuf.  Not going to share views on other comments. Your ideas bring more light into a very dark space!
That was Lit
Well, there's your problem! If you used the economy size electrons - the ones that are as large as the diameter of the wire - you'd have the "one electron pushes against the next" scenario. Keep studying, my friend. You'll learn these higher concepts someday.
Where do you get all the money to build all thoses absurd setups..???🤔🤔
Bodied.
Science does this all the time. Teaches models rather than facts because its SO SO SO SO much easier to think in terms of a model rather than in first principles all the time.
Then how does solar panels work?
He was so calm during whole video🙋‍♂️
The only argument I would have with this is that you fail to account for velocity factor. The velocity factor of bare copper wire is about 95‰. So yes, it's close, but not exactly the speed of light. But this is also longer than the speed of light.
really greatwork
Changed thumbnail 3 times I think as of 4/29/2022 9:06pm
The gauntlet was thrown, and he threw it back
We can light a flourecent tube with electric fields and folks doubted this conclusion.
SCIENCE
What if you switched the charges around somehow
Does anybody realise, he changed the thumbnail of the video ?  😜😜
I keep forgetting about 'radio' and how electrical impulses propagate through the ether to get somewhere else... nice slant on the concept
Looks a lot like antenna modeling.
All those cute visual video simulations, are ONLY Simulations Based on theories, and NOT Real Life Observed Phenomenons!!
I need an electrical engineer to help me fix the interference issue with my PC desk
OM?! I have to change my pants!  What I've been saying all along-- Electronic's Theory, like any Scientific Theory, is a gross oversimplification that works!  But it isn't the Truth!!  There is a deeper level Theory (or could be) that explains closer to truth what is really going on.   Same reason NASA uses Newtonian Physics to land things on the moon or Mars, etc, but in reality, it is still a gross oversimplification.  But it is one that works very nicely for certain purposes.  However, there is always a deeper explanation.  More than that, no human can know the absolute truth of reality in any way that would be transmitable or understandable to other humans.  And that would not be useful.  Yet people look on many levels how they can understand things according to their purpose.  This is what a Scientific Theory is all about-- "The best _working_ explanation."  Not to say it is the Truth, The Whole Truth, And Nothing But The Truth.  But to say, this particular description works really well for what we are trying to do here, right now, on whatever level that is.  After all, no matter what the theory, it is fundamentally limited by language, the transmission of meaning, and the human mind's ability to simulate that thing.  But it is also the beauty of it.  We can use simplified version of whatever Theory that works for a particular purpose.  And that allows us to do incredible and powerful things!
Derek is the guy who will definitely come back with vengeance.
🤷😵😅
So this is what his been doing.
Come on, and what if the circuit was a giant circle?
Brilliant. Let's forget what the actual  content was proving, it is a demonstration of how the  scientific method works and the collabritive nature of science. If only everyone could be exposed to this thought process and understand it. Well done.
13:53 Thanks for reminding me that it can be very weird when some guy who's discovering a certain vector is called Poynting 😄  "Wait! What? Yes, that vector is pointing somwhere. But that counts for every vector. Why would you call it like that?"
@Veritasium How did no-one think it would be interesting to put a block of concrete (or some more convenient equivalent) in the middle of the circuit and see the result change/not change?! I think that would improve the demonstration of the hidden things at play.
Also, YEAH, I think we need to distinguish between "Some current flows in the light filament." and "The light is 'ON'."      I'm sorry, Derek, but you're always asking, "HOW WELL DID I COMMUNICATE THIS?" (A good question, since that is kinda what you got your degree in, right?)      Well, for MY opinion:     Well, on the plus side, you got everybody's attention, so "grats" on the click-bait. ;-)     But, in this thing most of us call ENGLISH, "On" is the OPPOSITE of "OFF", not some "intermediate state which is distinguishable from 'OFF', but would utterly fail of being a 1 versus a 0 if we're thinking of the states of the lightbulb as kind of a binary thing....."              And seriously, I'm still left wondering how long it takes for the light bulb to reach its STANDARD state of ON as defined by the common usage of the word "ON". (?)   (i.e. shining at its intended wattage / lumens rating within acceptable deviation)     On the flip side, it IS something I've tried to communicate to people for YEARS that when a "wave-like phenomenon (more like a SHOCK-WAVE in this case, no pun intended) propagates along a wire (or anywhere else) then very little matter is usually moving. If I take a rope and 'whip it' so that a wave appears to speed along it from one end to the other, none of the actual molecules of the rope actually travelled from here to the other end."  Getting people to distinguish between the WAVE and the MEDIUM the wave is travelling in is not easy.  So, for talking about a related concept, I congratulate you.               Related question: if each human being in a line stretching across the US (from LA to New York) pushes on the person in front of them as soon as they feel someone pushing on their back, how long does it take for the "effect" to propagate across the country (once one person triggers it)? And how many additional "people" have entered the state of New York as a result??  :)
i still don't know the difference between current and voltage.
I have no idea why you chose to make you transmission lines 550 or 1100 ohms.  If you made them 50(which your source likely is) you'd get more than 4volts.
Can we actually see these atoms and electrons in a wire? Or is all of this just un-proven theory? We dont actually know what is happening.
You calculated the direction of energy transfer, but you did nothing to calculate the speed of that transfer. Did you do it in this video?
That means if you add a second light bulb at the far end of the circuit, which is by distance wise (~1/4 of the length of the circuit loop) closer to the circuit switch, will be lighted on later than the light bulb put 1m next to the power switch, which has a longer circuit distance around 1/2 of the length of the circuit loop, If yes, this is really counter intuitive to what we have learnt from any electrical theory. This is really interesting. Truly admire Maxwell, one of the greatest mathematicians and scientist of all time.
So... That's a radio transmitter in the circuit
As a layperson I can say I love this whole thing, how the community jumped in, and the feeling of learning so much from so many!
Electricity is confusing and mysterious.
Electric circuits will never be the same for my brain from here on. What a great little-understood concept, equally great thought experimemt and then a follow up video to remind us of this mind boggling revelation. Thanks @Veritasium for keep on bringing the joys of physics.
yeah, i have NO clue what's going on
14:19 hmmm a certain Tesla might've babbled something like that in a crazy conversation about an idea for wireless energy transmission.. >.>  It was a 'great mistake' (let's just grossly summarize it to a 1 or 0 ;) that LED to a great growth across an entire community, that's a WIN sir Derek :)    butt euhh it wasn't a mistake per say, it was, like most in this life, misunderstood ;)  Please keep sharing your spirit Derek, I enjoy every single video you do, right or wrong, the intellectual corpus benefits greatly from your activities !  And a great job to all who participated in the clarification, together we will get to the light of things !   ;)
Talk about ac frequency and field generation.
At what time does the circuit reach 4v? I can't read it clearly from the scope.
Can anyone tell me what will happen if we change the air medium to lead, for example (or some absolutely mag.&electr. field insulating material), in this thought experiment? Will there still be a field outside the cables, which will be practically buried into the lead?
Of course that the surface of wires play a significant and important Role in electricity. Why do you think that stranded wires are more efficient with smaller strands..?
wait but in the broken circuit why does connecting the switch do anything. doesn't the switch only do anything normally because it completes the circuit? so if the circuit is broken shouldn't the switch not complete the circuit
I am just glad he is doing less numbers and odd mathematical video's.
So the question was "how fast are radio waves?"
Great explanation, thank you for digging into it deeper. Brings sparky to brilliant minds!
I don't buy your claim that your original explanation was a mistake.  Obviously the explanation given in this video was required.  It looks to me like you were baiting your youtube colleagues/competitors, and I've lost some respect for you because of it.  It might be good show business, but it's not good pedagogy ... or maybe, in the long run, it is, seeing as it stirred up some controversy and debate and discussion.  And to really clarify what's going on, you should have shown a circular circuit.
2:30 can you explain leakage current? I could Google it but it's more interesting hearing you explain it
create a problem to - sell the solution scheme! ... - make millions of viewers watch another video! Please don't.
This is one more time in misleading the audience by trying to avoid being accused of being wrong. The action of turning on a switch would cause EM wave in the space, so yes it would affect the bulb 1 meter away in 1/c seconds. But this is what people call "Interference". It is something engineers work their ass off to minimize. Yet, in your demonstration, you make the source voltage so high and the coupling between the two wires SO big that the interference would be big enough to turn on an bulb. That is never the intension of energy transfer by any sane person. People want controlled energy delivery, so they built wave guide to make sure the energy is delivered exactly when and how we want. Yes, that guide is the wire!!!! The original video was trying to say that the energy is efficiently delivered from the battery to the bulb. If that is true, you can try do one more experiment where you shield all the wires and only leave the bulb very close to the battery. Because then you will only have the coupling between the bulb and the battery without the help of too long wires. You will not turn on anything even you use an LED. You will have wait for the wire guiding the EM wave go all the way through the wire and reach the bulb. The time for the bulb to really turn on is precisely depending on the location of the switch relative the the bulb. Being wrong is embarrass, but trying too hard to cover a mistake is simply not wise.
great video for the electro-nerds. every time I think of how electricity flows through wires, I remember a picture of someone standing under high voltage lines and capturing the electric field through some unattached fluorescent lights. the charge through the field is enough to excite the particles inside the tube (and not just excite, but glow very brightly). I do appreciate the thought that goes into clarifying the explanation though, esp. when you got a mob of angry youtubers saying "you're wrong!" 😂
1:57 who is that weird guy lol he's so weird
⛈
@Veritasium Now fix the other one, the water fossett attraction one.
He is too clever to use such large copper tube so that the current due to capacitance(at the instant of switching) will be large enough to convince people.
Surface charges aren't real! If they were I would get shocked every time I lick my live circuit boards! 🤣
This is exactly what I learned in university physics when we studied Maxwell's equations. Thanks for the memories.
I love how Veritasium puts out a great educational video, a bunch of other channels tell him he’s wrong, then says “Hold my camera”. 😂😂
This is awesome! Great way in showing how the scientific method works. I hope more people apply this thinking not only to science stuff but to life in general. I love as well the conversation that stemmed from this.
So this was a massively more understandable explanation than your previous videos. My confusion is, why didn't you explain it this way the first time? Were you less than clear on purpose to generate conversation? These misconceptions that you do such a good job of pointing out in this video are well known misconceptions. I had some of them myself, and I'm finally starting to understand what my professor was trying to explain when I took "Physics II for Engineers" where he completely failed to explain both electric and magnetic fields to basically the entire class. Some of us got it well enough to do the problems and perform the math, but I don't think a single one of us understood what he was trying to tell us. This is why education is such an important science in its own right. Scientists in the same field can understand other scientists well enough. But educators are needed to accurately explain it to everyone else.
Thanks Derek, the video was approximately on point (pun intended), I personally feel there is no need of clarification video, the key point of the previous video was to see electric circuits from another point of view. We have to try use this point of perspective to attempt to solve some problems and discover new ideas rather than arguing on its precision for so many pages in forums.   I can literally say all calculations from both sides are only approximate with the trump card : Heisenberg's Energy - Spacetime uncertainty. Its just like holy books, its a waste of time arguing its real or fake, but it is worth the time to adapt the good values learnt from it.
At 6:00, there is no gradient of charge on the wire.  This would contradict your previous point that the electron and atom core charges balance.  There is a VERY slight excess of electrons on the negative wire and a balancing deficit on the positive wire; but it us uniformly distributed along the wires and it causes the electric field between the wires and across the battery and resistor.  WHILE current is flowing in the wire, the wire's resistance will require a VERY slight electric field within the wire to keep the charges drifting, but most of the field is perpendicular to the wires except within the resistor and battery.  Any charge gradient is ALWAYS balanced by 1) an electrostatic field or 2) an electrodynamic field and current.  At every point in space, the electric field and the electric potential are affected by EVERY electric charge -- closer and larger charges affect the point more.  Almost everywhere the balanced charges cancel and effectively affect no points in space.  When charges move, the changes in the potential and electric field propagate outward at the speed of light and exert forces on any charges there.  At 19:00, if the resistance matched the transmission line's impedance, there would be no reflection.  Since the reflected voltage is bigger than the initial voltage, the resistance is too big.  Alternately, you could increase the characteristic impedance by moving the wires apart and decreasing C.
still confused. so with the same amount of wiring but the load further away, does that mean it takes the field longer to reach the load?
You rule man😍😍😍😍
This put me in more confusion than the first one.
At the point in the video 13:27, it is still misleading.  Derek is suggesting that the light bulb will stay on if the the end of the circuit is open.  The light bulb will only turn on briefly and then turn off once the electric field gets to equilibrium.  So it is wrong and misleading to think the light bulb will stay on when there is an open circuit.
OMG are you still on about this! You claim click-bait! it's more likely in the "western world" a woman is more violent on her partner than a man ever is!
Since a Battery is being used, I do not agree with the diagram shown at 4:26 --- 4:48.  In these diagrams, the electrons are shown going through the battery. The electrons will go through a voltage source only if the voltage source was a generator, say one with copper windings being rotated in a magnetic field by a prime mover, where this sort of voltage source does not store electrons but pumps them up continuously. If the generator stops the voltage disappears, but not so in a battery.  A Battery has to first be charged up. So a battery goes on like this. Let us assume that, to start with,  the two plates of a battery, (capacitor)  each have 1000 electrons, hence, the battery is uncharged with no voltage across it.  Then an external voltage charger with copper windings rotating in a magnetic field will rob electrons from one battery plate ( capacitor) to transfer them through the copper wound external voltage source to the other battery plate.  Thus a charged battery could finish up with say  1500 electrons on one plate and 500 electrons on the other plate. When the charger is taken off then the Battery can retain this state of charge indefinitely. Now when a lamp is connected to the battery, the electrons that were moved to the plate with 1500 electrons will travel back to the other plate through the lamp, and slowly the battery will discharge when the plates have no difference and the electrons on each plate are 1000 in number as when the battery was not charged. We can assume that the resistor in the lamp can pass  10 electrons per second flow and this trickle of current will slowly discharge the higher number of electrons to equalize the electrons on the battery plate, where the battery( capacitor) plates need to be large in area/volume to sustain the current flow. Hence the ampere/hour rating of a battery.   A copper wound voltage source, a solar cell, or a current source, unlike a battery with large area plates,  cannot accumulate and transfer many electrons to their terminals. The voltage that appears across the low area of the terminals of the copper winding is through an electromagnetic pumping action inside the voltage source due to the magnetic rate of change. So unlike a battery, a  copper-wound generator is a copper bar of moderate length moving in a magnetic field. The rate of change of the copper bar within the magnetic field will act as a pump in series with the copper bar, pumping electrons from one end of the copper bar through the pump in the bar and over to the other end of the copper bar. As the area of the ends of the copper, the bar is small compared to that of a battery, ( Say 5 electrons on each end)  then the number of electrons finishing on the ends of the copper bar is, let us say 10 electrons on one end, and  0 electrons on the other. It is this difference in electrons that exists between the ends of the copper bar in the rotating generator that causes its voltage potential.  If the resistor in the load lamp is now connected across the terminals of this rotating wound generator and this takes the 10 electrons at one end of the generator and passes these 10 electrons to the other end of the generator copper bar then the electromagnetic rotating pump will quickly pick up the 10 electrons and pumps them up through the copper bar to keep them circulating throughout the circuit, in this case, a series circuit where the electrons will be pumped up from a lower potential to a higher one THORUGH THE ROTATING COPPER WINDINGS/ BARS, IN THE  GENERATOR.   *The electron current flow originating from the previously charged plates with the electron memory store of a battery or a capacitor never goes through the battery.   ( In a capacitor or a battery, there is an AC  displacement current when there is a rate of change of voltages but this displacement current is not an electron conduction current through the  gap between plates of a battery or a capacitor.) *The electron current flow between the ends of a copper bar or wound generator goes through the copper bars. *The electron current flow in a solar cell is not accumulated as in a battery but it is made to flow in the NP junction as in a copper-wound generator by the electromagnetic pumping effect of the sun.   *A transformer does not accumulate electrons as a battery or a capacitor and again, its potential is due to pumping electrons through the copper windings where there is an effective electromagnetic pump pumping them through to make them reach the end of the copper winding.
I have no idea what you're talking about but I think you are right
Hmmmm. Nice video. BUT I think what you guys have detected is actually an "EMP"... or a single radio wave pulse. Just like playing with a coin and a 9 volt battery, it send radio waves that can be detected by an AM radio receiver.  You could test this out by putting a wire in between and check if it also detects the pulse. And in front of the  setup as well.
Wouldn’t an election hitting an ion result in it being captured and neutralizing the ion?
This is a better explanation... And I'm still going to say... No it doesn't light up a bulb instantly....not unless you mention it will light up a specific type of bulb instantly... Because by just saying bulb you are suggesting the most common type of bulb....sure you are trying to have a thought video... But you can't just pull out some special light bulb and say...see! IT (the very specific light bulb in your hand) does emit light....then think you're right....this was the issue in the original video....maybe edit this video and take that part out...then the rest I can live with.
A few more steps and you will approach the theory of a 1/2 wave antenna. No voltage in the middle, but a strong magnetic field, and high voltage at both tips, but no magnetic field.  Fun stuff. Follow up with a Time Domain Reflectometer for transmission lines and a Vector Network analyzer for antennas and feed-lines.
If the wire is immaterial, make a circuit WITHOUT the wire.  But you can't, because the electricity flows down the wire, QED.
Cool bro but I don't still believe electricity exists
Electricity will never make sense to me
Oh well, when you put it THAT way...!  Yeah, of course. It's all so obvious now... makes me wonder why you didn't just say that in the first place. ;-)
As an interested hobbyist electronics listener,  seeing your first video followed by others whose opinions I value seemingly conflict,  I find this video of great value,  as this aspect of circuits confounding.  Thank you
Thank you Derek for making a follow up video 🙏. I was waiting for it since the first video came out. This video clears up lot of confusion and misconceptions 😀
such a boss man over here getting scientific community involved twice now like this,,  nnice
anyone else just see this video on reccomended after watching vertassium for a while and just know its going to be a good one?
Is this whole presentation trying to say that induction is real? I don't think that is in dispute.
DC Incandescent light bulb..?!
19:54 I voted E i was right a long! LOL.
That’s what’s so great about the scientific method. Questions from other peers are sooo valuable! Good for Veritasium for both videos and the entire community for taking on the challenge :)
Man, I wish I'd paid more attention in math class.
Lol whole worlds shits on u
Derek: think on fields not ohm's law.  Also Derek: Z = root (L / C )  I = V/,Z
This is great insight which shades bright light on the lumped elements model which I was holding as the ultimate truth about how circuits work.
i wouldn't worry about arguing  the numerous errors and inaccuracies of the first video..veritasium has been producing junk science for years
This is not my cup of tea
Easily clapped!
All this technology so that Derek can prove that electric energy does not flow in wires. He fails again. Electric energy flows in wires, and electric energy does flow in electrostatic, magnetic, and in electromagnetic fields.  All this technology to justify his previous (false) clickbait headline (Energy doesn't flow in wires). Derek is more of an entertainer than a scientist.
This video just pops up after watching some news about someone died with electricity because of some trend
the eternal lightbulb stunlock
awesome video!
I wonder at what length the wires would be at the same level of (in)efficiency, and throughput, as the initial wireless current
If your going to make claims then dont say thats not what i meant... say what you mean... you are going head to head with the internet and all the people clearly smarter than everyone else!
Dam, ,my whole house, wired, it has in all walls and outlets.  I am living in these electric fields.   I see now why i am such a charged up (but lazy) guy, or what?
Really glad that we saw the transmission line model of a circuit was shown on this video - which really shows that energy flows thru the field. Just want to add that your experiment set-up is lifted off the ground several meters high is because the earth and your wire set-up has stray capacitances too, which in turn will affect the energy transfer from source to load - which is why we see those big transmission lines on really really high towers. great vid.
Nah, to me you were saying that you would get full voltage in that short time, not a small fraction of that voltage.
Great vid. I thought the original one made a lot of sense, but I did not understand what was actually happening in the wire. The original video explained a lot to me. Being a Automotive Technician you are taught the way a ignition coil works a a very young age. They are simply transformers with hundreds to thousands of feet of wire that induce currents in each other on a millisecond (dwell) scale, but never actually touch each other. So a single wire inducing a current in itself just seemed very natural outcome. Thank you for going even more in depth on the subject.
I love that a little mistake or misconception can bring so many people together to prove  something and discuss it further. Science truly is magnificent
Yes 🧐yes 🧐yes… all makes sense now….  **no idea what im watching but it makes me feel less dumb😭**
Guess many people don't realize that 'analogies' are just that, analogies. It works 'sort of' like this, but not exactly like that. They just make an incredibly complex action relatable to something simpler/easier to understand.
Jesus, the Nerds are going to ruin the channel for the rest of us just trying to learn with all these unnecessary complexities. KISFTS  Keep it simple for the stupids Example, I'm a blue collar guy, and if I was for example to teach you to drive a Semi, you don't need to know how all the Mechanical aspects,  you just need to know it does.  This takes it to the extreme with Oil Pressure, Combustion related to stroke and compression then on to air pressure required to release the brakes, how it builds up blah blah GTFO.
you learn something new every day! this video is awesome thank you so much
Cunningham's Law
Sjadafakap
The fact that so many "experts" can't understand or even figure out how to use something that billions of people use all the time tells you exactly what's wrong with everything
Id love to see a marx generator electric field ran through that simulator.
Good job bro❤️
Stop changing thumbnails it's confusing
I wanna see something on that guy from Africa powering a tv and cat with radio waves.
OH LAWD HERE WE GO AGAIN.....
Still mind blown on the field carrying the energy...!!!
Next video: How electricity actually actually works. Anyay, excellent video and explanation.
"I apologize for the casual use of units"   Douchey passive aggressiveness in a video with the vibe of someone dying on a hill with shaky foundation
I really don't understand all the people getting butthurt over this video and framing Derek here. There were some unclear technicalities that he failed to explain well, as he admided but he was not wrong. So weren't the others that took this thought experiment quite literally. In my eyes this was all just a big misunderstanding. I think what matters in the end is not who was right or wrong but why did we ask the question in the first place: To show that the common understanding of electronics (common in the sense of the taught in school kinda knowledge not the has a degree in Electric engineering kinda knowledge) is full of misconceptions and models, that sometimes are too simplified to contain the whole answer. Really enjoyed this video and to learn more about this topic as I don't know much about physics but I am always happy to learn more!
In 1/c seconds, what is c?
see free energy I'll say its there but will the stealsters go then??
I completely feel the same excitement that you described in the end. There have been many youtubers putting out videos about quantum fields which just makes this even more interesting.
Thank you!  I used this new found knowledge to "Soup up" my ballsack trimmer!
I have a broken led lightbulb, well I thought it was broken, it turns dimly on when the switch is off, this video explains this
The back and forth of the original vid, response vids, and this vid was very exciting.  The response videos trying to disprove this theory were very convincing (especially the broken circuit proof) and it really makes you think about how assumptions and incomplete info can drastically change your beliefs.
If I understand this properly (and I may not), I think this is what we electricians refer to as ‘skin effect’, which explains the difference in cross-sectional area of solid vs. stranded conductors for a given ampacity, area requirements for bus, and other electrical mysteries.
Wow, current in one wire induces current in another wire. What a concept
What about twisted pairs?
Public schooling is full of lies.
AlphaPhoenix's video was my first introduction to this, it was pretty cool to see this kind of topic!
This is how society should work. Someone makes a mistake and there are others who will jump in and point them out. We learn from one another and we progress. I do not like the way institutions teach. It is either their way or the highway. This is the future of mankind. YouTube should not get involved in the contents of any video, be it political or otherwise. They have censored many important discussions on the covid vaccine, which have hoodwinked the people into making the wrong decisions.
I'm glad you revisited this. Your previous video claimed, in fairly clear words, that the current would flow and the bulb would light as soon as the fields reached the other wire. It was clear from that video that you were saying that full current flow would be established as soon as the fields were there, and at the time I was extremely dissatisfied with the fact that you basically ignored the energy being used to establish the fields along the rest of the circuit. Now that you've actually done the experiment and observed the actual power flow during the field establishment phase, rather than admit that you were wrong you are telling us all that you just communicated badly... and I think that's a dishonest approach.  This was a perfect chance to teach one of the fundamental truths of science: that being wrong is one of the most exciting things that can happen to a scientist. No scientist ever made great advances by being smugly correct about everything and hand-waving away inconvenient flaws in their statements.
am i just high or does this mean our electronics are messing with our brain circuitry
it just makes a modern CPU with 2km+ of wiring in a tiny silicon package drawing hundreds of watts at 1.4ish volts even more impressive
What about Nicola Tesla
I think I FINALLY understood how wireless charging works.
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving, but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.                                    /.,/.                            /.,/. ,       .,/.,/.,     /.,
I got it off the bat. Forget the lightbulb, think of transistors!
Really excellent follow-up. Well done!
AlphaPhoenix explained this this the best way till you made this video.
A lensing effect based on a diffirent pressure diffirential. But the pressure is the battery displacement of electromagnetics...?
Uh oh wheres steve mold
I disagree that people were wrong to make the assumption you were literally talking about a car battery and home LED light bulb. The reason it's not really equivalent to the impossibility of the wires is because you could have easily gotten a different power source and a different light. Because those, out of everything, are the items you chose it really did seem to me that you were insinuating it would work literally with that light and that battery given the other stated assumptions.   I definitely came out with a much better understanding this time. I feel like the stuff about the Poynting vector in the original video was a red herring and just confused the concept you were outlining; at least, for me. Indeed, that was what lead me to seek alternate explanations about the topic.   I do want to give you a lot of credit, however. There is so much less "risk," I guess you could say, with a reply/clarification video since the foundation was already laid in the original work. Anticipating the things people will take away and the things they will miss is a daunting task. It is a well known phenomenon that people universally often fail to anticipate that other people are different in their inferences and understanding, as I'm sure you well know.
nice correction video. great job veritasium.
The first picture of the video was much more better.
Love your videos Derick. They make may head hurt a lot, but very well done. Please keep them coming!
I'd like to see a collab between alphaphoenix, veratasium, appliedscience, and just because I like things to be janky as possible, cody's lab.
I think you injured some of your trust/credibility with the original video. I know you've been held to task previously, but I get the sense that that one was rather damaging. Apologies don't particularly heal that - and I'm not saying I personally don't accept it, I'm saying that "One Bitten, Twice Shy" is an innate and primordial mechanism of our psychology that will remain to exist below any conscious acceptance of your expression of regret; ie. an instinct to be skeptical over the rational response that you're trying your best.
So even up to 29th of April 2022, "experts" hasnt been on the same page about how electricity works?
So if anything, there just wasn't enough info in the first video. To be fair though, you definitely did need more than one video for the topic.
I love to see you changed the thumbnail once already in 12 hours in regards to ypur prior video about the science of thumbnails and attention. Id love to see how that experiment is going as well. Always good stuff on this channel
So when the say electrons jump at the nano scale in processors. Is it actually the electric field ?
8 minutes into the video I went from slightly tired to feeling like I hadn't slept in 3 years.
This man and his changing thumbnails
9:35 You don't really need this view to explain those things. You could ask the same questions if we were talking about water being pumped. The electrons pushing each other would still give a satisfying answer to those questions, even if that's not what's happening.
WOW!!!! These machines can take measurements in nanosecond increments  >_>
Veritasium with back to back videos
I’m a bit disappointed by this but it’s still a great video. I didn’t see the previous video so I wasn’t expecting the answer to just be field interference, which feels a bit like cheating. It’s obviously correct but it seems wrong because we expect to ignore fields leaving the wire. If the wires had significant shielding or if there was any shielding between source and load it’d be far less noticeable.
SparkIes btfo
Can you please explain with electric field why we don't get shock in open circuit.
The explanation of fields holds true partially, only for wires which are closer, because ultimately this field is not strong enough to light up the bulb . For wires which are far from each other, its obviously the battery which makes the light bulb glow.
This is my school. ROFL.
Absolutely love this video and loved the original as well. Science is all about asking questions and challenging ourselves to see the world in new and different ways. One thing you do really well in your videos is confuse me as a viewer. It's nice to be halfway through a video of you explaining something and then be like "Wait.. no.. that's can't be fight" and hold a little space to fight with yourself before finding out the final solution.
I'd like to see the experiment with an inserted inductor to the circuit near the battery or near the load. What are the differences it will make?
Im still confused about the broken circuit. The field can induce current in a separate disconnected wire (this is what i understand wireless charging as). Then does that mean that beyond a certain point the wire isnt doing anything? since the field is powering the bulb. then at that point what is the wire really doing?
Sir come to Bhopal India
Doesn't the negative surface charge repeal the electrons?
What ever you do Derek do not plan electrical circuit of house or all the residents cant even turn on the light because the end are not connected and the whole house will be on fire.
I watched the alpha phoenix video and thought he did an excellent job of explaining and demonstrating physics involved
this is like rappers responding to diss tracks 😂
!
Yep.... your right.... I've been telling everyone that! 👍.... thats a joke...I got no idea, but I enjoyed the video.
more current then leakage free energy yeh 😂😂😂😂
You're NOT making Energy you're Completing a CIRCUIT of Energy that is already Present in EVERYTHING...  Even the AIR you breathe is under Atmospheric pressure...you're Swimming in Nitrogen,  argon, carbon dioxide,  Helium,  Hydrogen  and Oxygen   ALL of which is MATTER and therefore Energy...  ALL powered Electrostatically by the SUN and it's Electrical Connection to the Earth...   STAR is to Generator as Planet is to Alternator.
You bought yourself a new problem while solving another problem. Im not am engineer nor do i have a great understanding of electricity, do i look to you to explain this stuff in a say i can grasp. Now you're talking about resistors, capacitors and, for pitys sake, IMPEDANCE! (and "coulomb force"? Please!) I know that electricity is made of electrons, unless it isn't. What i got from your original video was that energy traveled outside the wire, not within. What you need to do know is to make a video for non-engineers. Ill admit this was a great ad for Brilliant, because now i feel i can't understand this unless i sign up and let Brilliant teach me. FAIL.  If i know what "impedance" is, i don't need to waste time watching Veritasium videos.  Your job is not to reveal things previously unknown, it's to explain these things to non-experts.
I have a really important A-level physics exam in 2 weeks, and you just made me question my enture education.
photon has no mass, travels at the speed of light. electron has mass, cannot travel at light speed.
are you calling those 1in-diameter copper pipes "wires"
I get the sense that Nikolai Tesla is cuddling his pigeon a little closer to his heart at this moment.
Profound music starts at 17:53
Convinced you have an overactive need to justify yourself rather than own up to mistakes.
Mind boggleing
Putting forward evidence to oppose the claim, is what science is about.  Wrong or right, we are discussing the subject.  We are learning. It makes it the best community.
Great to see tis follow up video. I think, for most third level students of electrical engineering (maybe) and certainly good physics students, the distrust in accepting moving electrons as carriers of energy, or the use of water in pipe analogies, has now been very well explained in this video. Its all about the fields, was a refrain from Dr James Larkin of UCG in Galway. How right he was.
So does that mean a uncircuited battery actually puts out weak magnetic fields all the time? Sorry if this sounds dump cuz' maybe it is. 13:18 so if the bulb still goes on, it means power sources creates magnetic fields all the time?
I refuse to believe in any of this malarkey until a full size experiment is done. That's right, I want us to build an apparatus in space that actually does this. It will probably need to be away from the planet to not have orbital mechanics or tidal forces tangle the wire, so we're going to need to develop some serious space infrastructure. While we are at it we can gain all the other benefits of space development, more energy available, more raw materials, more space, and the ability to take active control of earth's atmosphere by shading some sunlight. But that's all just nice to have, what we need is the full scale experiment :p
He's really trying to save his ass in this video huh?
Great video! Much more clearer now (I honestly couldn't stop thinking about this problem for a few days). Initially I had the impression you were saying the full stationary current would be stablished after 1m/c, but now I understand the process better.  Just a simple (?) physics question: I don't see why the charges on the surface of the wire create a non zero electric field inside the wire. I understand this can only happen when charges are moving (in electrostatics the field is zero inside the conductor), but how the charge distribution creates an electric field that follows the wire?
Great stuff. Thanks for the follow up. As an electrical engineer it’s funny how these kinds of details weren’t really taught to me although I had somewhat of a rough sense of them from other courses, but never enough to actually explain it. Now I can!
In case you wanted the feedback, I definitely preferred the first thumbnail this video was uploaded with.
If Derek asked "what is the delay of the inducted current", then people with physics background would happily accept his claim. But by the way he set up his question, it is hard to get that he meant inducted current instead of steady current. Good follow up though.
this next video cleared up a lot that was missing previously, thank you.  Also, you said "we wanted  to maximize the power delivery" so we had matched the  load / resistor (1100 ohms) to the total impedance of the circuit (2 x 550 ohms legs).  can you explain why that is so?  is that what is called "impedance matching"?  if, so how and why?
This makes more sense but I'm still confused hahaha. Will have to keep watching this over and over again
Wonderful, wonderful, again!  Bravo to you for taking up the challenge of making even more clear what you said originally correctly. I enjoy all your work and appreciate the time and effort you keep putting into this 👏👏👏🙏🙏🙏
Funny thing is, even tho I have, like, half a day's lecture worth of electromagnetic physics in my brain, I could tell that all of the "debunkers" were straw manning Veritasium. Except for Electroboom. He just talks too fast to keep up with.
Yeah this is exactly why transient analysis is hard in EE.
Well I've certainly learned a lot about electricity and currents, but now I'm just more curious. What exactly is the difference between Alternating Current and Direct Current then, if power is actually carried by the field? Would love a video on that!
👏👏👏
Just a random connection but is this why people said if we belived nikola tesla that we would have had wireless years ago?
I still don't understand why I am watching a video on how electricity works at 4 in the morning
Can't u just dub or make these in other language? Quite sophisticated to me since i cant understand english much. Especially yours. Lol
LOL , you complicated something very easy ... You just really explained why we use shielding on wire of wired headphone . yeah electric field leak , it do not carry any real load at all , it's just interference . Funny how you used big copper pipe instead of let's say let's say real house wire or something similar but shielded ...
He changed the thumbnail lol!
Really happy you made the original and this, awesome subject and it has generated an amazing amount of great content across EE and physics youtube.
Great, next cover ionic and covalent electron bonding and electron shells. I'm sure that wouldn't cause any issues 🙃
Waveguides are an excellent example of how energy transfers to the load depending on the electric field.  Also, RF electronics consider the length of the wires, the distance between two wires, and the material between two wires. I still do not understand why some people do not believe in that.
Big respect 👋👋👋👍
I sow the previous video and this one but after that a big question pop up how can we use this to improve our lifes
There is no such thing as the speed of light, only the induction rate of a particular medium.
Maybe I still don't understand, but this video (and Alpha Phoenix's and ElecroBOOM's) convinces me that some energy is transferred by the electrostatic field, but the the wire carries more. It certainly doesn't convince me of of Darrick's statement that "energy isn't carried by wires". From that point of view he has lost credibility with me by confirming Alpha Phoenix's results.
yes this is true that is why i have done a experiment in which i used plastic coted completely inculcated but rounded up wire against each other we ready made get those further i want yo add ok lets keep it small. i sent high voltage from one wire and received a shock from another it was very low ampere from  a lighter circuit which baby to get. anyone can try this its harm less.  the wire had magnetic field which was close to it. it was converted to electric current but that field needed another conductor to become current . see i am new to it i may make mistakes but slowly if i work on it I'll know everything.
Yeah but why couldn't a astroid slam into MARS? ..just as great of a chance as it is to slam into EARTH.
13:18 is all you really needed to say!  Still it's nice to get this fully fleshed-out explanation.
So, what happens if you put a faraday cage around the wire?
as far as i know is magnetism 5th dimension and electricity 6th demension
What you experienced was peer review. This is Science, and you're a rockstar techno-optimism.
Basically, what you claim was - full amount of power transferred through the air full time What experiment(and simulation) shows - miniscule amount of power is transferred in short impulse after the flip of the switch.   Claim - full blown lamp will be lit all the time after you flip a switch Result of experiment - LED that is barely seen produces a short flicker of light.  And you still say your point was correct, right?
But what causes the fields? Electrons right?
Blah blah blah. 24 minutes to say 'It's magic'.   Sheesh.
Why did you not put an LED in your experiment?  You measure the power dissipated in the resistor and then start talking about LED... but the LED is not a kilo ohm resistor and the power dissipated as light is not 14 milliwatts.  You have 4mA of current and that is short of even a typical 10mA LED.
What a great attitude. Thanks , this is a good precedent , we should always be respectful and open minded when it comes to share light on knowledge. There really is a lot of amazing teachers on this platform.
Surprise, it comes down to fields AGAIN. It must be physics.
it took a few rewinds to try and convince myself that by including the short circuits in the test, that you could still be testing for the same conditions. and sometimes when i think back on it i still confuse myself about it.
Thanks for video. Knowledge is way above my level but helped me understand how wireless recharging works
This kinda reminds me of one of Faraday’s experiments with transformers. Two separate circuits with coils of wire, one with a battery and switch and the other with a lightbulb/voltmeter. When the battery circuit was switched on or off, the lightbulb flashed/voltmeter picked up a voltage as the changing electric and magnetic fields in the battery coil induced current in the lightbulb coil. This experiment is pretty much the same principle only instead of coils, it’s long linear parallel wires.
Really!  Explain an arc welder then.
I'm completely blown away that this would generate visible light at only 20V input voltage.  It's still cheating a little....  but for a good cause.
Never thought that this thing can be this much much complex that it took entire yt science chanels to explain this
So-Called Blacks, So-Called Latinos & So-Called Native American Indians This Is For You⬇️ The 12 Tribes of Israel Today Southern Kingdom 1. Judah- Negros/African Americans 2. Benjamin- West Indies/Jamaica to Belize 3. Levi- Haitians  Northern Kingdom 4. Ephraim- Puero Ricans 5. Manasseh- Cubans 6. Simeon- Dominicans 7. Zebulon- Guatemalans to Panamanians 8. Gad- Native American Indians 9. Reuben- Seminole Indians  10. Asher- Columbians to Uruguayans 11. Issachar- Mexicans  12. Naphtali- Argentina & Chile  “and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.”-John‬ ‭8:32‬  “For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God: the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.”-Deuteronomy‬ ‭7:6  “He sheweth his word unto Jacob, His statutes and his judgments unto Israel. He hath not dealt so with any nation: And as for his judgments, they have not known them. Praise ye the LORD.”-Psalm‬ ‭147:19-20‬   “I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.”-Revelation‬ ‭2:9‬  “The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider.” -Isaiah‬ ‭1:3‬  “And thou, even thyself, shalt discontinue from thine heritage that I gave thee; and I will cause thee to serve thine enemies in the land which thou knowest not: for ye have kindled a fire in mine anger, which shall burn for ever.” -Jeremiah‬ ‭17:4‬  “My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children.”-Hosea‬ ‭4:6‬  “Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved. For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge. For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God.”-Romans‬ ‭10:1-3‬  “Ye have sown much, and bring in little; ye eat, but ye have not enough; ye drink, but ye are not filled with drink; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes.”-Haggai‬ ‭1:6‬  “Woe to the rebellious children, saith the LORD, that take counsel, but not of me; and that cover with a covering, but not of my spirit, that they may add sin to sin:”-Isaiah‬ ‭30:1‬   “But this is a people robbed and spoiled; they are all of them snared in holes, and they are hid in prison houses: they are for a prey, and none delivereth; for a spoil, and none saith, Restore.”-Isaiah‬ ‭42:22‬  “For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.”-1 John‬ ‭5:3‬  “Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.”-Matthew‬ ‭5:17-18‬  “Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law.”-1 John‬ ‭3:4‬  “for all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;”-Romans‬ ‭3:23‬  “Therefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Repent, and turn yourselves from your idols; and turn away your faces from all your abominations.”-Ezekiel‬ ‭14:6‬  “Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord;”-Acts‬ ‭3:19‬  “And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.”-Revelation‬ ‭13:16-17‬  “And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:”-Revelation‬ ‭14:9-10‬
I hate that they don't teach this stuff in schools, things should always be taught Comprehensively first and then simplified once the basics have been understood, this makes complete sense and can be understood with a grade 12 level of education and yet this is the first time I have ever heard this  despite being half way through a physics degree. Incomplete teaching results in incompetent students. you wouldn't even need to know vector maths or any of the complicated calculus to actually solve the vector fields for this either, just a simple explanation of how fields induce currents in wires and then explain how simplified electrical engineering mathematics works despite not completely describing the system, ie, telling people that 2 wires in close proximity act as a capacitor for a short time rather than telling you that the electric fields work as above and therefore you can use your normal understanding of electric circuits while keeping the understanding of how they actually work in close consideration.
This video is why I subscribed! Nice come back to so many passionate responses. I dont subscribe to many channels. But I love yours! I thought you explained this well the first time, but the deeper explaination is greatly appreciated! That was cool. Your channel has taught me so much in so little time about all kinds of interesting things. Super cool. Isnt it funny...? The bulb wouldn't get brighter the closer you got to the battery/switch, but it does turn on faster! (Which totally supports a misconception!) Ha ha
Electronic engineer holding multiple patents in RF design.  I can expand on this much more on a transmission basis.  I think this video is old but I can address this in great detail. There’s other physics happening and would love to expand on this topic, as it is the basis of my best patent in RF design. But I’m fairly certain fhe comment won’t be read. Great video, just lacking RF/magnetic component.
Whatever you do. We need more of it. Especially the arguments that you have 👏👏👏
Im too dumb for this
(17:00) Correction: There's a big difference in the physics between a superconducting wire and a wire that has zero resistance; but the difference is irrelevant to your point.   Also, the thickness of the wires you're using relative to their separation distance is not insignificant, so you're getting much larger coupling between them than would be typical of realistic electrical lines.   Otherwise this is a great follow-up video!
So, to get the 1/c result we have to first assume that the surface charges are present?
This was outstanding.👏👏👏👏👏
Some big channels chimed in on this.  Im Excited!!
I think getting so many people on the search was better than just coming to a conclusion.  Because asking the question got so many more people interested in electricity and how it works
i support you
Everyone that made a video with the statement that Veritasium was wrong should apologize,  Some of them were very bold in their incorrect statements.  The wattage of the bulb does not matter, the fact it can work under principle is solid. This is a problem with YouTubers creating income by feeding off the fame of Veritasium or other Youtubers.   This is okay when they add solid information to the topic, but not okay when they make false accusations and should admit their mistake and apologize for the mistake. They took the time to make the statement video and the profit from that video,  so they can take the time to admit they were wrong and apologize.    ElectroBOOM instead of an apology just acted like he did not smash Veritasium, This guy was the boldest and his video was false. he was incorrect.  That pisses me off. if he would have just said my bad I was wrong & you were right.  I would have been okay.  Instead, he responded with ( I think we are pretty much on the same page! .  What?  that was not the page you were on during your video response to Veritasium.
I hope you didn't take the Thunderfoot comment to heart man...
That thumbnail reference to the "are you not entertained" meme is just perfect!
This guy will be completely silver within two years
Huh??
this vid is how science ppl beef
This absolutely blew my mind
Cool man. 6:20 it looks to me like a magna train track. But in reverse in thats its an internal magna train track. Electrons inside the wire doing there thing because of a electromagnetic effect generated on the outer diameter of the wire. Like the core of a planet but on macro scale.
So if I were to have the light at the North Pole and the battery at the South Pole the light would not turn on right away it would take the speed of light for the power to travel to the lightbulb for it to tern on
And this, folks, is how science works
So basically all the EE engineers youtubes were talking outside their field and shouldn't have. Engineering at its core is one [big] step below a scientist. They use science knowledge translated for physical application in the engineer field. What that means is they use basic theory of ideas to create real World application/uses. They do not have a high level of understanding of the theory like a scientist who often has double the amount of college education (which is a clear sign they are under-qualified) to discuses theory (and in their mindset might view it with an engineering education and provide incorrect information as they are using simplified ideas as their source). I learned this early on as an engineer but most don't - therefore no shame on the EE youtubers as they likely weren't taught this.
9:56 my question is at a junction how does an electron decide which one of the two ways of the electric field path it has to go?
Im wondering if we use this to measure cable distance, without measuring capacitance, The time from initial voltage To full voltage, & could its accuracy be better ?
Your experiment and illustrations are with bare wires.  But what if the wires are not only insulated but also shielded?  Including fully shielding the switch (to be closed using a preset timer also inside the shielding)?  The external wire surfaces would no longer be influenced by electric fields from nearby bare wires.
nope . You're electric field non-sense 1 meter away ... like it matter , nope .  Your simulation non-sense , with the over-confidence ..We can see that this happen ...lol no we can see that you could, with unknow parameter, simulate it . You start talking like you know , it's fact , when all it is , is interpretation , that can explain some stuff we know .   This is why i stopped caring about space ...  This is that big , at that distance ... yeah right .  Always be humble .   Secondly , why don't you test the failing part . You claim the light will stay on even if the wire is not connected , simply because the switch is near the lamp ... Try what you explain at 13:04 ... see how it goes .  And the test , how wow you could feel the electric field with that sensor , how wow you can simulate, the electric field , oh wow , it's true that the wire experience it, but the result ... wrong , even if all that happen it does not proof that it is what is carrying the load ... it only proof that when a electric field is near copper wire , there is very little "leakage" , yeah we know that , it's why we use SHEILDING which how funny you seem to avoid . anyways this is making a big deal of why, you know, the Very super old wire headphone have wire that are shielded ... Yeah kids , unshielded wire can pickup electric field magnetic field , much easily .
I have a question: Does the strength of the electromagnetic field scale proportionally with the total voltage of the source? For example, if I have a circuit with a battery with an extremely high voltage and a standard 60W light bulb for a load that are only 10 ft physically but connected with wires that stretch the length of the Earth, will the field that travels over to the bulb through air (10ft/c) potentially be strong enough to light the bulb to full brightness before the bulb explodes when the full voltage finally arrives once the concentrated fields have had enough time to reach the bulb?
I hope my man can sleep better at night after this video. I can only imagine the trauma he was into after the internet went crazy on the first video :D  So well explained, great Job Derek!! (y)
The quantity of comments and of response video that this video will generate will be astronomical.
I believe this is what Tesla was talking about with this wireless energy transmission experiments. Just a little ahead of his time.
I’m excited too!! Lots of different people from all walks are watching. I’m definitely checking them out
So, in a simple circuit (with a battery and bulb) A battery creates an electric field. Electrons move because of the electric field. (Not because electrons bump into each other)  Thus, the electrons in the bulb, move because of electric field. In the bulb, the electrons transfer the energy to the bulb, lighting it. So, the energy flow is Battery -> electric field -> electrons moving -> bulb.
This video helps explain the other one. In high school we learnt the right? Hand rule, regarding the relationship between current flow and magnetic fields. We know current create magnetic fields. And we know magnetic field generate current. And it is well know two wire next to each other can generate current grom one to the other. This has actually caused deaths in the powerline industry when the adjacent wire wasn't ground properly. BUT, these topics are never discussed in consideration of the Time factor. I.e. How quickly it takes for the magnetic fields to interact across a gap. Very interesting perspective.
This is a better video, in and the key part for me was to show the wires with capacitance and inductance. This clarifies what you were actually trying to say much more clearly, and is much less controversial.  To be completely fair though, the water in pipe analogy really works well to get people thinking about how to predict simple circuits behaviour.
This one comment nails the entire controversy around this thought experiment shut: “Energy is carried by fields, not electrons”. YES!  Like many others raised on a massive dose of standard STEM theories around atomic physics (ie. protons/neutrons/electrons/etc), it is easy to become confused by what we have all been taught, but it is important to realise that atomic physics is just a extremely simplified conceptual framework, to facilitate a very basic understanding and modelling, and is simply not the true and actual representation of the fundamental fabric of reality. Fields in motion, and fields interacting with other fields, literally creates everything we perceive.
Derek: Hey here's a brief intro to this cool concept ElecroBOOM: LIAR!!! (but actually there was only one minor discrepancy in which I disagree with the wording slightly)    Why promo a misleading hypocrite?
No.  You tried to tell us that current flows through wires instantaneously using a trick... that works even when the wires are disconnected. Why should I believe you?
“Naughty veritasium” 😂
Do a video DELAYING the bulb turning on
It was the sailing faster than speed of wind all over again
Ahhhhhhh. Thanks! 😀 That was so very much better. I believe I can absolutely use this without fear of bamboozling people. 👍🙏
so, the explanation is: a small portion of the energy gets transferred wirelessly over the 1m gap in 1m/c seconds and  after 1s, the rest of the energy would come via the wire  because it took 1 s to "rearrange" the fields along the line problem in 1st video was that it felt like you implied that ALL the energy would come in 1m/c seconds
THIS is how science should be. You suggest a theory - not make a claim, you just suggest something works a certain way and back it up - and then the community challenges it. That's a good thing, if you think a hypothesis sounds wrong, you do the maths, run the experiments, work with the data and try to disprove it. If it can't be disproved, it's accepted. If it can, you accept it as incorrect and we have all that new information and knowledge that didn't match what you thought but is still knowledge.  I know things get pretty heated, especially with the internet allowing basically anyone to weigh in on things with no barrier to entry and it can be difficult to distinguish carefully prepared arguments from opinions or the ol' armchair 'experts' but this is awesome to see, same as the wind powered car argument.  I try and enforce this stuff on the new people I deal with at work who are worried about not knowing things, asking questions, being wrong, feeling 'dumb' or whatever. If someone asks a question, *everyone* should try and help them with an answer. Either your answer is wrong, in which case someone else will correct you - meaning you also learnt something new as well as helping the asker to learn - or you're bang on and you've both reinforced your understanding and taught someone else.  Share information, accept when the facts disprove what you thought, teach others as best you can and try to have an open mind. If someone else disproves Derek, that's just as good a result as if it's proven right since we find the truth either way
I love that you made this video. The last one left me quite confused. Mostly because I didn't get the point of the video due to my brain instantly thinking as an engineer. I'm a computer engineer and we are educated on the terms of current and voltage. But I was familiar with the concept of electrical fields being the energy carrier thanks to a professor and his amazing explanation of induction. This concept is always really obscure, as you mention, due to the "absurdly" (of course is relative) complex nature of Maxwell equations in 3D and their interpretation, but it doesn't make it any less true and beautiful.  The thing with us engineers is that we will always try to simply everything into the simplest yet usable application we can, this makes our job easier, faster and cheaper while also permitting for more complex implementations because complex built on simple is far easier than complex built on complex. But sadly, this mindset also takes away some of our scientific thinking, because we are wired to use, not to discover the science. People with capacity for both mindsets are simply amazing.
At this point, I don't know what electricity is.
So this is how that one guy a few miles from me was getting a free electricity? He was picking up the signal from a nearby substation to power his house?
Lool
I used to have a fluorescent light flash light. When I was in college (now 75) we were camping very near (under) high power lines, it would glow brightly because of the field, not the switch. That was my first experience in a practical sense that the field was the "IT".
👍
As an engineering student, you did the impossible for me:   Made me understand electricity and i will be eternally grateful for this!
So, my next question is: Does the field expand just as fast, and with as much power if the circuit is not pre-charged with a directional polarity from a partially disconnected energy source?
you can tell he lost sleep over this
I love it when we physicists stump engineers lol
"Why we need wires?... well we don't" Don't people remember about Tesla?
Truly amazing explanation! Congrats!
Hey Michael, V-sauce here. A very cool explanation and extremally interesting topic. However, I'm still struggling to understand how are you not proposing a FTL circuit continuity detector. We seem to have glossed over an example where it was the battery-side of the circuit that was disconnected, so here's my point:  What if on the 11:34 diagram there was a break on the far-right loop of that circuit? Then the switch "on" position would in effect just extend the random cable that was attached to the battery.  It seems either of two things would happen: - an EM pulse would still appear and reach the bulb, just not sustaining any lasting power. How would that work, and how would different distance between the switch and battery change the scenario? - no pulse would happen, as this is just a loose wire. Then, bulb not powering on ~immediately would mean someone potentially a light year away broke the circuit. Of course this is impossible, but not sure why the other option is
lol, we're going to need the SlowMo Guy's Phantom to prove this once and for all.
Is it just me or are there a ton of bots in the comment section?
"UM, ACTUALLY..."
all that explenation for saying you make a mistake of how you formulate the 1/c in lieu of 1m / c.  Great video.
I believe you just proved Tesla correct when he said power he could transport power through the air because of the ground.
so, the switch is more like an antenna.
From a practical electrical engineering perspective that small initial jump of charge from the wave is still energy leakage. But what struck me this time around is the field starts changing at the switch... not the power source. Great video!
Explanation unclear, got dick stuck in Coulomb force
An engineer this is all pretty intuitive with the flowing water analogy. Of course fields are the driving force, such a model was never meant to be a literal interpretation.
The “surface” claim for the E field is suspicious. The field knows nothing about the surface. The current capability scales according the cross-sectional area, not the surface area. As noted in the video, the resistor is a reduction of cross-sectional area - not surface area. Another proof of this is that the shape of the conductor also has no effect on the field in a DC circuit - a cylindrical conductor of the same cross sectional area produces the same field as a conductor with a square cross section. Your claims of “surface” depend on frequency, and so does not apply to DC, which is all you have in your battery examples.
That’s how guitar pick ups work
16:58 I think I mentioned this in my comment on the original poll.  I may be a small town pizza electrician, but given the length of the wire and the distance between the wires, I knew that there had to be capacitate forces involved.  I also work with twisted pair conductors, which while they never touch over the length of the line, never the less induce a current within each-other.
your videos are fantastic, player.  thank you for what you do
i understand now..
@ 7:30 that's DUMBest explanation I've ever heard...Sheep, Barking Dog? Perhaps you should simply start by explaining that electricity is carried on the surface of a conductor and is concentrated near the smallest radius or edge.  The rest is fine.
I just don't like how so many people opted to launch into "you're wrong!" Videos without properly getting out your intentions or trying to understand what you were getting at.  In typical 21st century fashion, most of the replies were not trying to understand what you were getting at, but rather just trying to prove you wrong.  It was such an awesome exercise in how we communicate as a society. We don't listen and ask questions, we just assume and respond.
Wow! I sure am happy to know that all of molecular physics is wrong. How stupid I was to believe the physicists when I studied hundreds of years of standards brought forth by study and objectivity. Damn I was stupid!
Unfortunately, you didn't quite watch Mehdi's video properly. He shows the standard transmission model and even shows results from SPICE simulations. You were hungup on leakage current which btw was his argument for a current that would persist even in absence of switch getting closed completely. Mehdi even shows the simulation results for what happens when you use a matched resistance for the load. The results you show are exactly similar to those that Mehdi predicts. Mehdi actually ignored the resistance of the wires in his model which becomes appreciable when one considers very long distances.
Seriously Derek? You are using a physics comedian as a point of reference aka ElectroBOOM? And you wonder why amogst the many other examples, why people don't take you seriously....
What I would like to know is why you did not label 1m/c seconds on the graph and you glossed over the ramp time as "a few nanoseconds."  This, when the whole question was originally HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE.  Very suspicious.
Your results were exactly what a thought experiment is all about. You got a lot of smart people thinking about it.  Gratz.
Does anything change if an object/blocking material is placed in the middle of the light and the switch
Very cool video. Very though to comprehend though. What I get from this is a reasonable explanation on how the energy flows through the fields guided by the wires and not necessarily though the wire. But why does it only shock a person when touching the wire and not when entering the field?
Don't show James May this, he won't believe it
That’s why guitarist with pedal boards can cross the signal line with the power lines on the board or it causes… anyone. Anyone. NOISE
I wish you did the experiment with lines open at any one end, if the voltage rises then it will be a solid proof to your explanation.
Facking analogies. This is why we need to never again speak of entropy as if it were order.
Ima be honest, I thought energy stored in fields was common knowledge for people in these fields. I learned this while getting my bachelors in Astrophysics. Thought EE people would have been taught it as well. Pretty surprising
All I can think is  1: I'm somehow more confused, especially when you said you don't need a completely connected wire.   2:  but if this is right, was Nikola Tesla right about being able to have wireless electricity? 3: if the wires aren't necessarily needed, why can I not just complete a circuit beside my cell phone and it charge? 4: why are certain materials in wires better than others to carry electricity?  Should it not only matter the power source then.    I'm so lost and my worldview is shattered!
And this is why clamp on meters works.
Electron bump into ion? Are you crazy?
Is sort of like what tesla was talking about with his energy everywhere idea ?
Long boring obscurity -- and neither electrons, nor electricity, the shock between them,  travels through wires at the speed of light. Why all this 300,000 kilometers stuff?
Where can we nominate this video for the best science illustration award somewhere?
*Grabs popcorn*
Poynting vectors? I thought all vectors did that
Now I understand the concept of wireless charging, my school teacher should get prepared because now I have proof
Thank you for revisiting this one!  However, I do believe your original question was misleading (as indicated by the many opposing responses).  After watching the original video, I was NOT left with the impression that you were asking about when the bulb would have _any_ appreciable current flowing through it.  You asked about when the bulb would LIGHT UP, which to any casual observer implies that the bulb lights as you would expect it if you flipped a switch in your house.  The time it takes for the bulb to completely turn on does, in fact, depend on the length of the wire, as it is essentially acting as a conduit for power transferred by the EM field.  You did not even mention this concept, and I think you left the impression that the wires weren't even required to fully light the bulb.  In the end, I believe that in your haste to pull a "gotcha" (by proving the inadequacy of often seen, simple circuit models) you forgot to even mention how the wires DO play a part in the transfer of the EM field's power (as implied by those inaccurate but somewhat useful models).
Stop changing the titles! I believe I went crazy lol 😆
I don't think anyone in the replies was arguing that electrons carry energy. - It was that the field (and surface charges) take speed of light along the wire, to change.
Alternating current doesn't go back and forth in the line. It alternates from one lead out of the source to the other lead out at 60cyckes /sec. The current always is source to ground . Alternating currant is pulsed rather continuous as in direct current.  I know you realize this.
And now that we better understand how fields work and interact , maybe we will be able to create better geometries on microchips ;-)
Another fantastic video, mind blowing, but easy to follow.
Pointing Vectors is my new band's name. And we have a signature dance move that our fans will virally drive (can that be modeled in python?) that involves poynting.
This and the previous video makes electricity much more intuitive for me. The previous video helped make more sense because it clarified that the energy flows through the waves, which (pardon me) lit a light bulb in my head. Like, it now makes sense why the primary form of heat transfer from a hot wire is radiative! My background is biomedical engineering, so I'm familiar with how nervous signals are sent and the depolarization and repolarization of axons. How that worked seemed so different from electricity flowing through wires until I saw this video.
"The clue that this is actually a thought experiment is the *two* light-seconds of super conducting wire that stretch out into space..." What a nice way of saying _ya dimwits_ 😂
They thought they could go up against a physicist.
You changed the thumbnail?
So the bulb cuts on similar to why a tesla coil works?
Thanks to free speech, we can discuss these things openly. Imagine if this video was taken down because it went against the narrative or was politically sensitive.
I think I should stay with the basic: "Current creates a magnetic field. Moving magnetic field creates current."
This is exciting
I just love all of this. I mean the bigger picture of it, the fact that we live in a time where people "fight" to find the best way of explaining things and improve our collective understanding of science. And we all watch these videos and read comments and is absolutely beautiful. I think this is the right direction for humanity, a place where all of us are curious, and we try to understand the world around us and discover maybe new things and most importantly, find ways to explain what we already know to others. Kudos to these youtubers building this kind of space.
This was an excellent revisit. I greatly appreciated the expanded explanation!
I quite like also hire RSD Academy is taking it from a different perspective
Awesome video. I saw the first part and was unconvinced that you had a meaningful point. Now I clearly see that my own understanding was stuck in the very rut you describe.
13:35 isn't it similar to how antennas work?
Another way of looking at this is to replace the lightbulb with an antenna. The propagating electric field would move at the speed of light across the 1 m gap. This would cause the electrons in the antenna to move as well. This is true regardless of the existence of the wires. Hence, wireless.
Is this only the case in a D/C circuit or does the same apply in an A/C circuit? As an a/c circuit 'alternates' it's polarity in relation to its supplies frequency wouldn't that change the surface current being of either pole (+,-) being in higher concentration at the supply and make a more evenly distributed polarity across the length of the conductor? (in this case the wire)
I'm sorry everybody! I was not wrong! Everyone else did not understand! Electricity is faster than light!   right....
After the eloquent articulate scientific rebuttal, he should have concluded w... 'now wat beeatches!' Jk
Would the bulb light up immediately if the switch was 0.5 lightseconds from the battery?
One of your best videos! I love topics that highlight the mental shortcuts we all take and how those shortcuts relate to the relevant, complex phenomena.
You keep referencing charge density when you mean to say voltage. you get a LOT wrong about the physics in this video.
This dude, the balls to educate us plebeians constantly! You’re awesome!! Thank you!
Yea imma just stick to hot nuetral and ground.
Thank you so much for the follow up. Loved the way you did it!
When a heated twitter thread gets on youtube 💪🗿🤣🤣
i have had the opposite theory which i think explains it better? Assuming electrons focus mass (as seems to be evident in galactic clusters), then it is the charged electrons surrounding the mass of copper that gives sum of resistance. If switch and resistor where as far from each other as circuit permits, i think there would be higher latency? Though i don't believe that will be the case considering explanation. Oh, it does increase latency.
In all of these scenarios the lightbulb and switch are “close” to the battery. What would the result be if the circuit was a massive circle ⭕️, with the switch and battery on the opposite side of the light bulb 💡. Would the EM field be large enough to span that gap? Is there a distance at which the bulb would light only due to changing fields in the wire, without an emf jumping the gap between the batter and lightbulb?
Soy el chascon del video. Saludos a los cabros en Chile!!
The first video imo was below your usual standard of explanation. Probably because it is a very difficult concept to explain. This new video is great and really explains a novel concept!
Anyone know how many times the title and thumbnail gets changed?
My brain fuse just burnt.
Have an extremely basic understanding of electricity I found the first video quite enlightening and learned a lot whether we specifics were omitted and Maxwell's equations weren't involved. After seeing the "ve debunk" videos I became even more curious about the answer so I am glad you did a revisit on this topic. I feel that my understanding of the original question is much more complete. TY!!
So, it is true that there is a large benifits to having your "positive" and "negative" wires as close together as possible?  Like how speaker wire for instance uses both conductors with surely overlapping fields?
I don't feel that there's any point where there is "fault" to assign. The grand outcome is that you inspired dialogue and research of a question. Even more enlightenment was the result in addition to your original intent. Isn't *THAT* the ultimate goal in the first place?   In my opinion it is a *WIN* by all considerations. 😁👍
So it was all a lie after all... What you really meant to say is that a magnetic field detector would light up at the speed of light across the wire, but the actual light meant for the actual current of the circuit will light only when the electrons travel across the circuit.  It's not the same current load at all.
So... next question on the line would be:  How red are the faces of the people that were self-acclaimed qualified professionals in the original video's and response video's comment?
I like science but your boring.
On one hand, I would have loved to see you conduct a second test showing the scenario where there's a break in the circuit. However, you did such a good job bringing across the nuance of this subject matter that I already know what result to expect. The implication fits so well with my understanding of the speed of light/information. Thanks for the nerd high :)
I like this,  but doesn't this assume that the wire isn't properly insulated properly?   I loved your explanation
Space is fake.
I'm seeing  Maxwell's equations at Uni and this has motivated me  a lot! Thanx,  i guess i was just lost in all the math
For the first time I feel like I'm beginning to understand electricity. I took some beginner physics courses in college and, for the life of me, I couldn't understand electricity. It's a decade later now, but at least I don't feel so dumb now, it's just that they weren't explaining things properly for me to get it.
I only clicked because i liked the first thumbnail better
It's amazing the amount of discussion and explanation the original video generated and I think every single person who attempted an explanation, or who watched\read any of those has come away with a better understanding.
Are we sure that electrons actually do "flow"?  I always believed that they never left their atom, but it was like a chain of "electrons slapping the next one in the chain".  Have we actually visually seen an electron move?  When you disconnect a circuit... how does each atom still have it's correct number of electrons?
Derek, the problem is you title your videos things like "How electricity actually works" and imply there is something wrong with how electricity is taught/understood, and then use a trick/misleading question to "prove" your point. That is very misleading and I think counter to what someone who calls themselves an educator should do.   The problem with your question is you neglect to mention that you apparently define "On" as some voltage above noise/leakage but below 1/4th steady state DC, you also leave out the fact that you assume the load is perfectly matched to the impedance of the transmission lines. Those are some very atyptical and specific assumptions. Obviously, you left it out to trick people and make a bigger reveal. Also, BTW, try applying the full 20V across your little milliwatt LED and get back to us; the "lightbulb" in your example would fry as soon as the DC current arrived (16x the power in your best case experiment that used a perfectly matched load), so it is a pretty silly setup that nobody would expect. That's why people get the "wrong" answer, not because of some misunderstanding of how electricity works.
The responses to the original video does seem to prove the internet adage - the best way to find out the correct answer to something on the internet is to post a wrong (or at least incomplete) answer and then read the replies :)
This is why you don’t follow the herd.  Even when they tell you your wrong.  They say don’t rock the boat and I say when the boats are rockin ……
I felt queasy watching them hoick that big-ass expensive oscilloscope up and balance it on top of a ladder.... 😱
Very interesting video. If the wires are one light second , and electrons maximum speed are speed of  light , the lamp will light at one second.  In my reality, I doubt I could install a large enough wire to compensate for the voltage drop of 300,000 km.
I think you should make more videos exploring the cracks in our logic.
Nicely concluded Derek. May the FIELDS be with you :-)
Now all we need is a video explaining how fields actually work.
Please find a way to remove the spambots, thanks.
Why do you always change your thumbnails and titles in the first day after you put out a video
I just took the electrical power PE exam, and I feel like this continues down the rabbit hole in some respects. Great video, Derek; thanks!
I was wondering if you could make a video on batteries. Especially with the rise of EV cars, what the harms of current batteries or other types of batteries other than lithium-ion such as the NAWA technologies carbon tube batteries that haven’t had news in 2 years.
OMG You mentioned like all my favorite youtubers XD.
Enjoyed all of it, understood none of it
A scientist loves to be proven wrong.
This is a basic RF problem, not a conventional electronic problem. Don't know why you are making a big deal about it. Any RF engineer knows there will be a small current going through your resistor, it's how your wifi and cellular communications work. But you have such low power it's disingenuous to be treating it like an electric circuit.
Does this, in part, explain why/how light bulbs in certain conditions might flicker on rather than just turning on and staying on in a flat one time off to on state change?
My mum doesn't believe in electricity.
With that little clip from Rick Hartley about circuit boards, i'm wondering if that's one of the reasons why voltages are so low? To minimize the effects of the fields on the other circuits, especially considering the nano scale of the circuits?
Do it again, with the Slow Mo Guys, and an actual LED, in a dark room! WE WANT LIGHT!
If true then why can’t the one way speed of light be recorded again? You never cleared this up.
Awesome video. You blew my mind with the original video. I never even thought of magnetic fields before. I'm sure a lot of good ideas will come from people that see these videos and all the reactions it created for years to come.
I have studied electric circuits at high school and when I studied physics at university and in all honesty, I never really "got" it.  While this is very enlightening and interesting, I still don't get it. I don't think it's your fault, but I just can't get my head around how to mathematically handle circuits. Back in the day you could throw me some pretty hardcore 2nd order PDEs and/or some funky potentials to mangle through the Schrodinger equation and I'd be all over it, but I wouldn't have a clue about calculating the potential difference across a component or current in anything other than the most simple circuits. The latter is still true today, but also I've forgotten most of the techniques I learnt for solving PDEs.
very well done video.          in a mathematical sense , if "on" is full brightness and "off" is mainly darkness , then the light bulb is more "off" than "on" until the primary wire mysticism and voodoo arrive.
This video came about similar to posts in programming forums.  Don't post some great code, post code that is wrong and you'll get a response with corrections.
Weird flex but okay
Nice. Noticed the not-use of the term "air gap".
Great video. I believe most of the people complaining about this thought experiment (myself included in one or two youtube comments) undestood that Derek wasn't wrong with the claim, but that it was a bit misleading to the average viewer (even some people that work with electicity were confused in the comments), since it gave the impression that wires aren't needed at all. This one is a great clarification.
Derek's new way of gaming the algorithm: Make a technically correct but somewhat misleading video to bait other youtubers into responding. Jokes aside, this video was *much* better and I learned some new things from it!
16:33 i think the issue is not all electrical engineers will. Its an RF engineer thing, its not covered in basic circuits and many undergrad programs leave it out entirely.
One last tinfoil hat conspiracy... I bet you tried this with thinner wire first then had to upgrade to large copper tubes once you found out the thin wires had too much resistance to turn a light on. Hence the 'superconductor' assumption! 😉
This is what real learning is about.
love it,  thank you
The trick to getting all electrical engineers in the audience like me to agree with the original explanation was to correctly identify and represent the loop as a transmission line, using a method like lumped sum elements as shown this time.    As soon as one draws the circuit w simple lines, we are encouraged to assume all transmission line like effects are not relevant to the problem, which is the case for the basic problem of supplying power for steady state illumination.   When asked for realistic transient effects from a flawed start, off everyone goes into their own particular assumptions.
Even if you can claim some kind of technical correctness, you definitely can't claim the original question was "not misleading" when you showed a complete circuit, and now say that it behaves the same way with a broken circuit.
like a start up of a dipole antenna. Are Redox in mitochondria very small antennas transmitters?
What's the point of this demonstration if it only works on small distances? if you keep increasing the distance between the wire you will get a lower induced current and until it become negligible. at 1m with that strange looking wire your induced voltage was at 25% of the source. I feel like the voltage being at 25% of the source should be included in your timing formula.
Algorithm
The first thumbnail was cooler. Data will be data, but just sayin :P
RF engineers chuckling in the background. Yup, displacement current is a thing 😉
Derek slapped them fools down‽
So basically at 20:00 Derek says that "yes, original question was designed to be as misleading as it can be, haha gotcha!"  And instead of clarifying the point that he's using mechanics similar to "wireless charging" instead of "normal wires" he gives everyone a lecture on "how electricity works".  Now what if he used shielded wire instead? Or THE ORIGINAL LIGHTBULB from previous video that basically doesn't work without proper voltage? Huge disrespect.
I work with electronics. I found it weird that Eevblog, ElectroBOOM & others stated, that what you said was wrong. I found it to be on point in your first video. I also viewed your first video for what it was trying to say.  I fully understood what you said. I found it to be correct.  Therefore. I think these engineers also knew you were right.  However, those Youtube engineers wanted the clicks they would get by stating you were wrong.   I think this video was great but should have been unnecessary, as the first one did a fine job and was good enough to get the point across!
21:34 I used to think that too... Schools really taught us the wrong way.
Happy that you finally did the follow-up video. It's excellent and well thought out and adds some excellent new detail. It won't stop the nerds arguing though, the EEVblog forum thread on the video is up to 75 PAGES of debate, LOL. The argument comes down to the fact that most practical engineers do not need to think in these terms, especially at DC. But I think you can sleep well at night after this one.  The only thing I didn't see mentioned was the Quantum Electrodynamics (QED) hypothesis that might ultimately trump Poynting and Maxwell when it comes to energy flow inside vs outside the wire. But I can understand how that might side track this video completely. I know the Poynting/Maxwell math still works out for DC, but it's just The Vibe. So it's inside the wire at DC for this crusty electronics engineer :-P Well done.
So, ??? Induction?
I have no idea what I watched but it was cool.
Who cares
I have so much more respect for people that manually design processors now.  Just thinking about how the field propagates over a large distance in a way that actually carries information that we can't measure is nuts. Surely as the distance between the switch and the load grows the strength of the field weakens proportionately but still effectively interacts with the load independent of wire length? Is there a lower threshold to the strength of this field as it expands? Am I even asking the right question?
Great follow-up video! The first with community reactions was confusing, but thought provoking. This follow-up ties everything together.
For what it’s worth, and I recognise that being neither an electrical engineer or a physicist means it’s not worth much, I actually thought the first video was pretty good. I watched a few of the responses which struck me as a bit petty and narky to be honest. Given that I’d watched the initial Ve video to confirm my suspicion on how energy moves in a circuit, I had my question answered the first time. Perhaps those others just sought a different question to what Ve answered. Either way, this update certainly made it clearer that it’s the fields not the electrons. Well done mate!
Although I watched many simplification videos on this subject and thought I understood it, with this video I really grasp the concept just now. I wasted my 26 years. Shame on me
Hey I have a doubt. I have read that in order to create magnetic fields we need AC but we can get DC from the battery. 🥲how could a battery creates a magnetic field 🧲
How the hell is electricity more difficult to understand than quantum fields?!?
1 Corinthians 15:1-4 (KJV)  Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:
Well done.
IMHO the original video was a bit of trick question because it depends on how you want to define the lightbulb as "on". Veritasium defines it as (for example) 5 V, but the viewer may be tricked into  expecting the criteria to be the full 25 V. So in a way we're arguing about the goalposts. But in the end we all learned something about electricity, so I call that a win, and after all that's the point of an educational YouTube channel.
Happy Birthday! You found the last clue in the scavenger hunt :) Let's go to lunch!
Great video, one of your best! Thanks!
90K likes in less than 24 hours is electrifying.
Very interesting stuff. I am not an electrician or engineer. Much of the information is well over my head.  However there are some light bulb moments for me.  I learned a long time ago that if I am the smartest person in the room. I am in the wrong room.  Hang out with people smarter than yourself.  Thank you for the lesson.
You just can't say that the fields carries the energy like that, because, I believe, the wire only channelizes the way electrons flows through the wire (which it helps to guide them throughout it's supposed destination). I believe that the field only indicates which way to go in a way of Maxwell's waves and vectors thing and fields won't make them go here to there (bumping into the lattice, etc). So the thing here is that there are not enough information about the Fields (both electric or magnetic) and how they won't "push electrons magically".  So there it is, another unknown Behaviour of the Universe and particles that govern us, and how they wave around "apparently" carrying the energy from the source to the bulb as you stand on in your video. Sorry, my English is not perfect.
A science video is #5 on trending! Nice!!!
What would be really convincing would be varying the distance of the switch to the bulb, and showing on a graph the direct relationship between the switch distance and the time delay for the bulb to light. This is a very nice video with well laid out theory, but the science teacher in me wants to see a graph. :)
Them are contactors in the wire diagram, not caps. Then again you might have done that on purpose so u get more comments.
what about a circuit that is a circle with a 1 light second diameter?
Great video !!!
The single most elegant mic drop I've seen on the internet, in a long, long time.
Hey I see ya derek. Changing that thumbnail 😉
Hey!🤠  when you guys get anywhere close to that theory of unification, then and only then should you let me know 😉 about any kind of understanding of physics, Chemistry or electricity, Math, history or anything else you observe with your cute little attemps at understanding your reality..🤣.  Not to put 2 fine of a point on it...  Buuuuuut.... The horrible lack of education in you people for just like.. thousands of years now is ...🤦‍♂️.. .. Just embarrassing....  Like a timberwolf meetin a Chihuahua and Sayin .. .😳.how... can.. we ..be... related???..  What the h*** has been done to you?🤷 ... ...  But since you guys rely on symbols so much, you know, havin symbol minds.🤪..  Let me give you a leg up🤓👍...  All em "fancy equations" you got predicting down to the last millisecond 🙄nano 2nd whatever beginning... ...  And you're still missing 95% of the universe.🤔 When you add up all the matter together..... And you didn't figure it out even after some of those experiments over a large hadron collider..🤯.  Where they only could detect 95% of the matter after the gold particles collided?🧐  What was the thing that they said that 5% was? 🙃? Matter to energy conversion or something? Hhhmmm😜 ...  So perhaps start off with your theory of the big Bang not being a uniform explosion and that what we know of as our universe here ..multi version and all .. is actually just the aftermath At the collision point..😃  In a way all of those suns would be reflective, of burning embers, of bits and pieces of what was..😔. ...  Thanks for playing🤡, sorry guys ... Yall had to work so hard ..to get everything wrong... for so long.. but look at all the starting points that still work that you can draw from..  fill in the blanks and then ... maybe correct a lot of your misgivings about organic chemistry... in particular...  Ask any question you like... 😇 🙏
do a video on how roads are made in usa, so much roads and highways under so little time, i always wonder how they build so much as a kid.
Meh I'll take your video explanations over some of these other try-hards.  Especially the eevblog guy 'cause he's a jerk.
Hmmm...I was always taught the "garden hose" version of electron movement. However, a radio transmitter is the transference of electromagnetic energy from one electrical circuit to another electrical circuit over distance. An AM crystal radio requires no external power to function. It converts the electromagnetic energy into electrical energy to produce sound. Using a piezo earphone, one does not need an external source to hear the sound waves from the converted electrical energy. Your explanation of electromagnetic "induction" so to speak, makes a lot of sense. Maybe I am over simplifying, but even a battery-wire-bulb-wire-back to battery is a one loop coil.
You should have another wire with open endings 1 meter far from the circuit and measure the thing to compare with the computer simulations...
Quit showing me this sh*t in my feed, YouTube! Your algorithms know I am MUCH too dumb to understand this stuff. 😊
Best redemption arc in anime history
You're making history here, in college nobody could solve doubts about this topic as you are. Even if you didn't, raising this issue is what we needed
I'm watching this video again. I know nothing about this but learned a lot.
This video just taught me things I didn't learn in years of education...
6:49 why is the radius of a proton visualized as much smaller than an electron?
This video was definitively the missing part of the other video.
upload this video for hindi language
Thank you for revisiting this.  This is much clearer. I'm completely wowed by the experiments. Nice. And, don't apologize for the first video because if you hadn't initiated the interest, so many people would not have responded and participated and this video would likely not have happened.  So,  well done all around.
Important take-away conclusion at 21:06  Teaching electric Fields is not only good for what can be understood using Maxwells equations, but emphasizing fields in general instead of particles for example, as is typically done in Quantum Mechanics, can further insight and exploration. See Carlo Roveli's various talks which can be found in YouTube on topics such as the so-called measurement problem in Quantum Mechanics.
A) I knew you were right the first time around. Nothing else makes sense. B) Thanks for mentioning Big Clive's response. He's a small guy who needs the publicity.
Fantastic wrap-up.
Thanks for letting me know that I actually know nothing about electricity
Alternate title: How to complicate grade 9 physics
Thank you for drumming up and modeling scientific discourse, Dr. M. This is a very clever way to teach both physics and humanity. To be honest, I think about Part I of this video at least once a week when I'm doing something mundane with an electronic. I knew I was missing something conceptually in the last video, but it rocked my original perception of how electricity works.  I'd been patiently waiting for your rebuttal! I understand way better now. Teaching through misconceptions is such a powerful strategy. Thank you!
Its not about being convinced. Its about how you explain stuff . Too fast . We arent from mensa. And what is Big clive doing in your intro 😂😂
When I first saw the original video I immediately thought it was an error to place the conductors so close together "1m isn't enough. Capacitance between the wires will induce current." After all, that's how transformers work. Only later did I realize that was your intended result. The 1/c was confusing as well. I guess I should have made a video :-)
So is this what Telsa was working on--wireless electric transmission?
I swear the thumbnail of this video changed
I had thought that the intended message was fairly clear because it was the same material that was covered pretty well in my old physics textbook. Then you said there was a 'great treatment' of this phenomenon in 'Matter and Interactions'... i.e., my old physics textbook. (Although mine was the 3rd edition.)
Love the graphics.
Thank you SOOO so much for apologizing about not using the correct units for the answers. I actually understood the question in the original video and was mad that I couldn't find an answer because none of the units made sense given the question, It really confused me and as soon as you gave the answer all I could think was "Screw you that's a trick question you didn't even use the units properly".
so basically the "magnatic charging" is really just utilizing electric field that is already exist everywhere and receive it in a concentrated fashion, i wonder why we sitll can't have wireless charging everywhere in the house.
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED??!
I can't be the only one thinking that the final 2mins of this video was the plan all along. Make a controversial not 100% clear claim on the internet. Have experts discuss it and clarify and correct your points. Come back and be more clear. It's the perfect example of a Utopia of ideas. No one was really wrong just varying degrees of clear. This series of videos was amazing.
The resistance in the wires would make them burn up the earth would you connect a loop around the earth (maybe not literally, just from a guy who has dealt with DC LED wiring, maybe AC does not do that?).
If this is what he wanted to claim in the first video, then he is pretty bad at explain stuff. As most people involved with electrical engineering I did some rough capacitance calculations and it was impossible to turn on a 10w bulb on a 12v circuit with that.  I'm tempted to think that he changed the explanation of what he wanted to claim in the first place after finding out that he was wrong.  Either way a huge hit to the channel, as now we'll have to be very careful when subjects we don't know that much about are presented.
The scope at 18:57 still shows the 1m/c answer to be incorrect. At time 1m/s (~3ns), the voltage at the resistor starts to rise as the initial trickle of electric fields reaches it. As more and more of the electric fields manage to reach the resistor (due to participation of increasing length of wire), the voltage rises until it reaches the 4V level. This takes closer to ~12 ns, which is closer to 4m/c.   My original criticism, of there needing to be time for additional length of wire beyond a single point to be involved, still stands. I'll change my answer from 10m/c to 4m/c though, like what's shown in the scope. If the true answer were more like 1.1m/c, then the 1m/c answer would be acceptable, but there is a pretty big difference between 1m/c and 4m/c.
I got lost at 7:55 🙄 and fell asleep at 9:03🥱 I will be back after Ramadan, it will be easier for me, I guess
*me who only finished high school physics*: Hmm yes, of course..
i will start thinking in fields
So the issue that wasn’t explained is that the circuit was pre-conditioned by being in existence for long enough before the switch is thrown to allow the surface charge to propagate.  That muddies the conclusion as it allows the wire at the bulb to be ready to activate when the magnetic field reaches it after traveling just one meter across the gap.     The question I’m left with is what would happen if the entire circuit, wires and switch and battery were Jeannie-blinked into existence 1 nanosecond prior to the switch being thrown?  Such that the surface charge has not had time to propagate along the wire before the measurement is made.
AN NIKOLA TESLA DIED POOR.. 😭😭😭😭😭
I did a thought experiment, too, for 20 years, apparently.  I, thought, I was an electrician.  The physicists must see me and my Ohm’s Law diagrams looking like a child trying to match the pegs to the right shaped holes.🤣😭
Being a regular user of hfss and other CEM tools this was intuitive 😂 not meaning to brag but interesting
At 13:05, you started to talk about a break in the line. I can see how there would be an excess of electrons on one side of the switch, but since the line is broken, the other side of the switch is neutral. Do you get a spike on the load since the circuit is incomplete?
Honestly this video explains a lot of questions I had during my chemistry and electromagnetism courses
so how much electricity do you get out of a dung beetle geode after it petrified crystalized asked the lighting bug, not enough to save the psychopathic humans that will blow up plant-so then it is a good escape the planet geode spaceship / make me what to eat it larva like honey badger to get it for the elephant never forget DNA -do you see any aerogel solar cell crystals it going to fry like graphite and magnetic polarity to evolve a new planet and make new zombie dinosaurs / so do you have any aerogel crystals so can be gelling , perovskite is nice
Someone please explain how his entire argument isn't just a bunch of ten dollar words to describe inductance.
Proving yet again that if you want an answer on the internet, provide an incorrect one.
21:20 Morpheus: You think that's -air you're breathing- electrons flowing through wires?
Veritasium catches bodies with these videos, he’s undefeated and I’d be worried to post rebuttals
Derek was such a good sport about this whole thing.
<yawn>
Okay but what if now it's in a circle rather than a retangle? Would we see the same as the leakage through the air isn't right next to the input?
Derek, you're wrong... Now I await all the response videos so I can learn more about this topic!
While I like the controversial incitement of discussion from the first video (certainly got people talking),  the details in this video are much more informative.
I mean, I think I get it, but at what point are we talking about a circuit versus a transformer/transmitter... or does it matter?
It seems like the issue people had is that it seemed like clickbait. As you have pointed out, though, clickbait isn't necessarily bad when done responsibly. In this case, it's more akin to teaching physics to students while ignoring things like air resistance, losses to heat, etc. You aren't trying to teach an advanced course; you are teaching a basic concept with the hope of giving someone a little more understanding so they will be able to dive deeper... On the other hand, this is the internet, and it's hard not to try to feel superior to other people. i.e. I know more than you, and you're just a dummy doo doo head.
Nope.  The electron is a myth.  it is the field that is and transfers all energy.
I know you don't care, but I'm not happy with what is essentially a beef video of you sniping at other creators being sold as a "How This Fundamental Thing Works" video. I wish I could enjoy your content more, it's very well researched and informative, but your dedication to public humiliation really makes it hard.
Perhaps i am stupid. But inst the electric field "made" out of electrons?
i made a video ! 😂🤣🤣🤣 good start 👍👍👍
So there are actually 2 "currents"  involved? 1. An initial weaker induced current that reaches the bulb after 1/c seconds and does not depend on whether the circuit is complete. 2. A stronger current that will only flow if the circuit is complete and requires enough time for the field to flow from the switch to the bulb through the length of the wire at the speed of light.
Is this true for any distance between the battery/switch and the bulb? Would you still get a voltage significant enough to light the light bulb if they were many miles apart? Or is this a special case thing that only works because they are so close together? If have a hard time believing the bulb would light up in (100 miles / c) if they were 100  miles apart.
Wow. He built a terrible transformer. Impressive
I design of electric cables as a profession and I still have many issues with this video:  1. Saying that it is a misconception that electrons carry energy from the battery to the bulb is a deceitful way to twist the definition of words to gain a baited reaction from your viewers.  It would be the same as saying that it is not the flowing water in a hose that transports the kinetic energy to a water wheel, it is instead the combined effect of pressure gradients and the flow of atoms, then go into integration of these variables in 3D space just to confuse.  2. You are mixing/using the same explanation for how the light bulb lights for both the steady state and the transient cases.  a. The external electric field in the air is only relevant in the transient case since it relates to the capacitance between the wires and the capacitive charging current when the voltage changes when the switch is flipped. Exactly as in the simulations you show (great simulations by the way) b. In a steady state (DC) case, only the electric field inside the wires themselves is relevant, you can show this by using different voltages applied to metal plates that you wave (like a magician) around the circuit. This waving would drastically change the external electric field, but the current through the resistor would not change. The Poynting vector field at this steady state is not useful in explaining how current flow through the light bulb, in fact it is very hard to find any examples of practical use of the Poynting vector in static fields, not the other way around! In fact in my entire life I have never seen anyone using this in any practical example involving cables to deliver power (hence I am a bit rusty on this topic even though I work with electric and magnetic fields in cables every day).  3. Finally, I agree that this was a thought experiment. However for someone who works with characteristic impedances every day, it was obvious that a light bulb would never light up with the spacing of the wires you had chosen, hence a more experienced person would give the "wrong" answer according to you. Designing a thought experiment that way is bad practice and will divide your audience. I believe you did this intentionally to gain extra views and push over the responsibility of teaching the correct conclusions to others.   For example, you significantly changed the geometric layout of the wires in this video compared to the previous video. You deceptively used copper tubes instead of electric wires, this significantly decreased the characteristic impedance by about 5-10x (higher resistance and lower inductance). You also used a much higher resistance of 1100 ohm, while a normal 12 volt light bulb from previous video would have about 10 ohm resistance (14 W bulb) while fully on, but importantly, the resistance would be about 1/10 of that at low power since the filament is cold = about 1 ohm compared to 1100 ohm in this video.  In this video you had about (4V/20V)^2 = 4 % of the steady state power in the resistor during the initial transient stage. Hardly visible!  In the previous video it would be much worse:  Assuming a characteristic impedance of Zo = 2000 ohm, total Z for left and right loops in series with bulb = 4000 ohm, bulb resistance of ca 1 ohm at low power when cold -> Power in light bulb during initial 1[m]/c period would only be 0.62 ppm of the steady state power!   (12V*1ohm/4001ohm)^2/1ohm/((12V)^2/10ohm) = 6.24e-7
That looked like a standard oscilloscope.
As an RF engineer I can tell you why we need cables, because those fields follow the inverse square law.
some of those diagrams rlly drove the point into my brain. makes sense that we dont need a loop. thats why a solar storm can zap electronics that arent even on
They laughed at Louis Armstrong too when they said he would never ride his bike on the Moon.
CLEARLY he did not have accurate data or a correct understanding of the science when he made that click bait video to profit and CLEARLY is trying to hide that by saying he “clearly didn’t explain it correctly” when he made this video. Obviously the veritasium host should simply admit that.
This is a good example of why it's not scientific to label a scientific theory as "misinformation."  Yes, it should still be proven before being applied but a virtual consensus in the field can still be wrong.
Nice video hope goes on trending
study transmission line theory it clears all this up swiftly. this was an amazing video
probably a stupid question but... why SURFACE of the wire, and not VOLUME (diameter, or cross-section) of the wire? i mean... this effect is supposed to be happening INSIDE the material, and that's volume... so why SURFACE instead of volume? the normal reductive equations work as well as the river metaphor, all work with volume, no? so why is it suddenly SURFACE in reality?
Damn, this was super interesting!!!
Awesome
Just admit that your original video was either wrong, or very very misleading... This one is correct though.
Now I want to see the same experiment in a loop so the conductors can't interact with each other.
I literally refreshed the page and he already changed the thumbnail!
Can the energy in an interaction like pushing an object also be described as fields as opposed to "pushed particles"?
what great video enjoyed the way you addressed the issue
idk, just cut the wire and try to turn the light on :D
This big dumb loop question caused the internet to disagree about all sorts of technicalities and the impact of certain aspects that must be taken into account to get the right answer. Now imagine circuit paths criss-crossing over each other in 3D space with resistors and capacitors everywhere, it is RF, it is powered and monitored by semi-shielded cables, and also someone on the other side of the wall turns on a microwave. THATS HOW MY WEEK HAS BEEN. I want to die.
Yes, i love a response to critics!
AKA: Skin Effect...becomes the major problem in frequencies above 100KHz or so ...
This is great science
electrobooom hahaha
So this video is of you back peddling
Isn't this what Nikola Tesla was doing? The Tesla coil?
i would say the lumped model still plays the role, just like people use gravity as 9.81 m/s2 at lower atmosphere rather than keep calculating the gravitational force using the Universal Gravitation Equation.   yes the true numbers are different from what we normally used but given the scale of the problem and the error we are tolerated (using significant figures). they are not making any difference in a general scale. if we are looking at a microscopic scale those difference will come out because the units are now really small and even the measurement will need to have more precision (as the video said: a very fast scope, which is another way of saying a very sensitive measuring device).  so the conclusion is how precise do you need to come down to the solution, if we are talking for general purpose just give up and use the general rule of thumb with some tolerated error on it. if you need to be precise then yes go for it but note all the initial measurement need to be precise too.
Thanks for addressing those misconceptions I've had too, Derek.  Your previous video was unclear indeed. I value today's effort, but: A. How was the actual speed of electrons measured/calculated/deduced? B. So electrons DO move in the conductors? C. If the circuit were broken somewhere then how would the bulb still light up after closing the switch? (13:23)
If Eric Dollard doesn't concur than you're still wrong
I think the electric field sounds like what Nikola Tesla may have been experiencing when he felt pins and needles while quickly closing the contacts in some of his high voltage experiments. First thing that came to my mind when seeing the simulation of the electric field and how it affected the 3rd open wire below the circuit. You sure know how to make a person think.
Sincerely thank you for these videos. I learn so much from you!
yes. im clueless about...alot. wow ppl are smart :o
Shesh, mil views in 11 hours
Did he say sorry?....I don't think he really said sorry. We'll let you off though because you inadvertently taught a lot of people stuff they wouldn't have otherwise known.
Alpha Phoenix has the best explanation about this
See u are using alternating current you litterally said it what battery do you have that puts out a.c. this is a joke
Lol
I think this video actually made impedence *click* for me for the first time, so kudos :D
He built his own particle collider 😆
I remember the theory of Nikola Tesla on this video that "electricity could be transmitted wirelessly through the air at long distances" he is right all this time. Great video by the way. 🙌
Making chit up isn't going to gain you more friends. ...  DERRICK
Well, all I can say is that the electronics I learned 40 years ago was PRACTICAL enough for my career as an electronics technician, and that is sufficient for me.
Good job Derick. Thank you for revisiting it. Your second explanation was much clearer. Your approach was scientific and my physics professor would be proud.
Would love to see your take on Real vs Imaginary components of Power and the real world implications.
And this is exactly why a lot of researchers very often say designing PCBs is like "dark art" where some perfectly drawn circuit fail (completely and catastrophically) but some roughly drawn ones are perfectly fine! After designing PCBs for 15 years, I attest to the fact that you HAVE to think magnetic field, electric field, no exceptions if you want you circuit to perfect properly. (Ok, don't tell me your circuit works at 0.00002Hz like a switch, a battery and an LED).
You got people talking & thinking for themselves then learning something at the end of the day. A++
How do electrons travel when there is no circuit and arc ?
I thought electricity propagates in electromagnetic waves and the speed depends on the material is propagating through when it propagates through space it does it at the speed of light through coper is around 270000km/s. We already know you don't need wires to transmit electricity Tesla proved that the only reason we have wires is because of greed. Generating electricity without wires would be hard to put a price on
Class act, sir.
Why was it necessary to build the circuit on an elevated system of electrical polls?
As somebody who works with electricity, it still feels disingenuous to describe things this way. Capacitance and inductance are real, and they definitely matter, but "the light comes on a little bit" feels like a cop out.  The fact that fields carry forces makes for a fine video about theoretical thought experiments, but to say "the light comes on after 1m/c seconds" is still a technicality in a world of wires and engineered solutions.  (Edit: there's a reason wireless energy transfer isn't the standard format. To have power sources screaming their fields in every direction is terribly inefficient, and those applications that rely on wireless charging intentionally over engineer the power source to compensate for those losses)
Wow. Everyone on the internet proved you wrong, and you came back and provided a well-detailed rebuttle. Well done!
The capacitor analogy was the aha moment for me. Thank you
When other YouTubers try to counter Derek, he pulls up with them LIGO physicists and hardware experts.
Jesus loves you he died on the cross for your sins. Believe in him and you will be saved and go to heaven!
I think that those 14 mW of power you`re getting are a bit misleading,  because these are some big conductors and they are clearly not 1m appart, i understand you did this way to be easier to measure your results, but if those wires were actually 1m appart the power transmitted would be way smaller. (and guessing by the size of those wooden posts you are using you probably did the experiment at 1m appart, got probably close to 0.5mW and redid it with the conductors closer together) .
who cares
Thanks for doing it again.
me flick switch, light goes bright.   thats about all i understood.
now jam it into a human and we can go home
I still remember that scene where Richard Hammond 'turned on' a fluorescent light bulb under the mains power lines by 'plugging' it into the ground
Electricity is a flow of electrons from Negative to Positive due to a concentration gradient of said electrons, where they move from where the is more electrons to where their is less electrons. It's not kinetic energy! The electron carries & loses energy in electron volts! You have no merit to cover this subject. Volts are the electrical pressure & amperage/coloumbs is the volume.
I hope someday this genius people can make a free electric to the world
Cunningham's Law in action.
Wait I don't get it, if you have detached bulb close to the switch then it would also light up because it receives energy of the outgoing field
the fields man, its all in the fields!! everything man -mind blown-
Ah yes, Cunningham law at its finest. Even if it was a presentation insufficiency.
Boringgggggg
9:24  i think a video where we see the journey of an electron/energy in first person through a circuit would be amazing at telling how it works (could be easily made in Unreal engine or something)
So are you saying that a light bulb will light from direct current even if the circuit is broken because in the real world it never does and a wire that's completely disconnected will not get any current from the magnetic field at all because once again it's direct current you need an alternating current to induce any magnetic fields in a completely disconnected wire or you need a coiled wire with a super low inductance and you will only get an initial spike when the circuit is completed you won't get the same effect at all
Me: I keep hearing Derek saying Maxwel's equations are a thing no one wants to solve. I should check out what they look like. Me: *googles it* Me: ME EYES ! MY BRAIN !
I was happy until you mention PCBs. Now I am wondering if the earth trace I am putting arround my power tracks is affecting voltage transmission and inducing spikes.
@Savesoil Talk about save soil movement from ur voice so many can listen ur talks and it will save so many unborn lives
NO FAIR!!  you altered the outcome by measuring it! … "next week, we enclose the entire thing in 1 mile of tinfoil" - some faraday probably
lets go Veritasium new video
I really loved this video. It’s a shame that we haven’t figured out a way to show students in the classroom, who are learning physics for the first time, the beauty of the whole system, not just the simplified equations that don’t capture the greatness of it all. Electromagnetism and circuits was always daunting for me but this really made me look at it differently
I think we're moving the goalposts with this response...
21:34 I used to think that too... Schools really taught us the wrong way.
Can you do a similar experiment proving your claim at 13:13. You could simply hook your batteries as the last step because the open switch itself would model a broken circuit.
it would be interesting to have a coil around the bulb end to see would the voltage from field is how much more, its basically induction current.
"Electricity is a mystery, I don't actually believe in it" - James May                "What you're seeing here is asperger made real" "Is that what makes my wee smell weird?"
He really just laid the smackdown on everyone that said he was wrong.
I believe there are mixing the transient and steady state behaviour: made the same measures but with a grounded highly conductive metalic plate shielding both branches of the circuit (like a conductive wall), and the measured first transient currents won't happen since the shield will capture the fields conducting them to ground, so the bulb will turn on only after the fields make the whole procession through the circuit.
So the light bulb was on all along... There is never NOT an electric field.
Great revisit of this topic! So glad to see the recommendations for those fantastic electronics channels!
Fantastic job! Wonderful video.  By the way, that is exactly what I learned at the Moscow State University (Lomonosov), but then through equations. With all the details about surface charges distribution etc.
- the internet: the light turning on has nothing to do with completing the circuit, and the current flowing is very small.           - derek: the light turning on has nothing to do with completing the circuit, and the current flowing is very small. you're wrong - the internet: ok bro - derek at the end: ok I should have worded it correctly, my bad - the internet: um, sure, I guess  I want to point out that the simulation has a logarithmic scale and the initial electric field on the bulb side is minuscule compared to what's flowing through the wire. I'd be curious to see how this would scale with even larger current. But other than that yea it's teeechnically correct, but we already knew that
Plot twist: He confused people on porpouse to make these videos bigger and more popular and everyone fell for the trap. He is lying when he says that he should have explained things better, he didn't explain them on porpouse, knowing the reaction it would create and the video he would do in response.
I’m glad you made this video, though I was disappointed that you didn’t really fully own that you communicated something different in the first video than what you did here (and which you apparently intended in the first place.) “That’s not what I said” is a poor response when clearly many people heard you say it.   The fact that you agree with alpha phoenix’s explanation, but he made his video because he disagreed with what he heard you say reveals pretty clearly that there was a disconnect between what you originally said and what you are now saying.   I don’t doubt that I you understood the thought experiment correctly all along, but you didn’t say that the bulb would turn on just a little when the field got to it in nanoseconds then fully after 1 second. Just saying it turns on immediately, with no clarification, while purporting that this is the “real” explanation is an error, not just a failure of communication, and certainly not a failure that was occurring on the receiving end, as you imply through most of this video. Other than that, this video explains it much better, I think in part because you actually understand it even better now. I definitely do.
How do magnetic and gravitational forces travel through the vacuum of space? Bending the "fabric" of "space time?" What a load of crap. Empty space is not empty. You cannot have something where there is nothing... I will go so far as to say that you cannot have "nothing" in this universe at all. Nothing does not exist, because were you to have senses to interpret it, substance will always exist, no matter how fluid, no matter the location. This explains gamma burst, jet galaxies et cetera. Oh and gravity 🤣
Тот самый комментарий про синию изоленту
4:40 My whole life was a lie 😮
A very sophisticated clickbait was the first video...one of the best I have seen
Where do ferrus collars on data cables come into play? to stop a surface charge on t he conductor on signalling wire?
Two laws: Gauss Law (surface charges) & Faraday’s law. Bonus: Coulombs law
Interesting Makes voltage leak in ram and microchips etc interesting
I think the response to the first video says more about the...social intelligence...of many engineers than it does about whether the first video wasn't clear enough.  It was pretty clear.
i'm just a stupid french high schooler but what happens if you put a faraday cage around the wire, will it dim the light? Again i'm stupid, i don't know anything about electricity, and i don't have a good enough english to fully understand the video.
What happens if you do the exact same experiment but with superconductor wire? I ask because superconductors apparently have weird magnetic fields.
Your initial video implied full current immediately upon field expansion to the other side of the wire which is clearly incorrect.  What you were explaining was an induced current in the parallel wire - and if you made that clear in the first video, no one would have disagreed.  We assume the current levels in your theoretical circuit (upon equilibrium) would be insufficient to over-drive the bulb.  Intuitively we know that the current in the parallel wire would be significantly less until the current arrived via the wire, so we assume it would be insufficient to drive the bulb at it’s designed brightness.  We know that electrical forces aren’t carried by electrons, because we know that transformers work.  We also know that transformers are significantly less efficient at carrying energy than solid wires are.
I really love watching your videos. You cannot imagine how much.
The science on this channel is getting so crazy that I just go "Smile and Nod boys. SMILE AND NOD!"
Everyone definitely needs to see the Alpha Phoenix video - it was a really nice demonstration. I hope more of your videos get this sort of response!
This is so awesome...the fact that this is real science...because it gets posted, then refuted and proven or re-proven, but the fact that is disputable...in an intellectual way... I love that intellectualism still exists in this very polarizing, crazy political world...and especially on youtube.  Summary of my terrible english...I love that youtube has intellectual discourse.
Mai branes hurrrrt
vd=i/ane
wish this guy had taken the time to accept that he was imprecise rather than just throwing away the criticisms from other scientists/engineers. It's not a bad thing to be proven incorrect, but arrogent defiance of peer review is not great
Ok so now what I want to see is that broken circuit you said would still light up the bulb.
yey. another video if you are not confused enough from the first one.
Cicada 3301
22:15 Merch
yeah well I have a warp drive and my light bulb is always on
brilliant. don't listen to the haters!
The first video was a cautionary tale of not being too clickbaity.
Good move and respect to you for addressing where you messed up and the m8stakes/ miscommunication you committed in the previous video
The old and good debate of ideas
That is science there Derek...  One makes a hypothesis or theory and it is discussed or published where through their peers it could be refuted or perfected.  All this is done through civilised discussion and not "chest-beating" from the social media channel, negative pull downs to prove they are "right" in their own eyes.  When people refuses to acknowledge errors or other people's discussions it ceases to be science but an religion.  People need to think of this when stating you're following science.
yes
Extremely well done! Unintended consequences!
I have to don my cap to Derek, he does respond to critisism really well, even when he's wrong or doesn't explain things well enough, it's something I couldn't do, my response to critisim is "Well f**k off then"... (*sigh*) I wish I was a calmer individual  Also as a failed electrician (technically I passed, so I am qualified (UK) City & Guilds Level 3, but I passed only on merit and not understanding, my tutors passed me because I got on with them not because I understood), if my tutors had explained things to me like this I might have been more confident in my abilities, I get this video, it makes perfect sense, but how my tutors explained it, well, imagine me like a dog when it cocks it's head "Wuf?"
I just came from the former meeting of my school and was very happy to see the second video on this topic. I wish my science teachers back then had even the homeopathic touch of the motivation and didactic skills shown here. But if they had, I probably wouldn't have studied physics.
I am not sure about anyone else but I do remember covering capacitive coupling of parts of circuits, I just don't remember if it was in an electronics or physics classes. The current at the load before the field change propagates along the wire from the switch to the load is essentially induced current from capacitive coupling of the adjacent conductors.
Wait -- What happens if you put the bulb in a Faraday cage?
This was a good strategy.  Make the followup video full of so much advanced technical jargon that far fewer people will be able to call out what you got wrong =P.
Explain transformers next, it goes right along with it
my dumbass brain always agreed with you, derek.. XD
The first video went over my head. This video went to the moon.
This confusion was only caused by literal thinkers stuck in their black and white thoughts, and lack in creativity to reach the very easy conclusion he made in the first video.
Hmmmmm….. Hmmmmm…. Hmmmmm..
so confusing to spend so much time explaining that the electrons aren't flowing fast like water around the circuit only to start animating them that way for the rest of the video haha
Let's see. 3:59 No, the electron inside the wire IS NOT accelerated simply by one big electric field gradient. The *higher density of electrons* behind the electron than in front of it (pressure difference) biases each electron to drift forward (pushes it forward). Yes, the 3-D [net] charge density everywhere WANTS TO BE zero. But the [net] charge density of a wire CANNOT BE zero if there is a voltage on the wire. The described "charge gradient" on the wire [surface] is a gradient of *LINEAL CHARGE DENSITY*, which varies above and below zero. The charge gradient coincides with a voltage gradient, which is a local electric field, which pushes the electrons. A region of wire with a voltage on it has more or fewer electrons, by the relationship V = Q / C. C is very small (say 1 pF/ft), so the Q difference is small (1 picocoulomb per volt, per foot). The stored energy is very small. E = ½CV², so at 1V, it's 1 pJ (picojoule) per foot;  at 10V it's 100pJ/ft; etc. The "electric field" strength along the wire varies in proportion to its resistivity, NOT the distance along the wire. In steady-state current flow, total resistance decides the current, and current (amps) times resistivity (ohms-per-foot) decides the voltage gradient (volts-per-foot). Your "fields" explanations descriptions match what actually happens in this circuit; okay on that. But you did not hint at the craziness that happens immediately after the switch is closed (traveling pulse and reflections) or how it damps down (rf emission?). You merely asserted that the surface-charge gradient "is established almost instantly (at the speed of light)", without saying why or how. Varying fields are way more complex than static fields. Field theory could, with a lot of work, explain the entire switching-on process and establishment of equilibrium, but Ohm's law explains the equilibrium state quickly and easily. The electric field in the wire "has the same magnitude everywhere" ONLY IF the wire has constant diameter (constant ohms per foot).
Hola!
Just an amazing explanation. Thank you 😁😁😁
So great to see a far more detailed follow-up video. I personally found the first video rather "clickbaity," and this video is far more informative.
Just in time!   I'm currently studying electricity in my Science class, and this is super useful, thanks Veritasium.
Ok science. The claim is that the bulb will turn on in 1/c seconds, for the 1m gap, after the switch makes contact. The first video was a thought experiment and most blindly agreed, but some did question it. So, in the second video Derek perform a physical experiment, so far this is good science. But what does the results mean, for the original hypothesis. Does it confirm, falsify or is it inconclusive.  Don’t know. There is no proof offered that states the light/resistor turns on at 1/c seconds. There are no deep analyses of the oscilloscope trace. My analyses based on this trace and the 4V, and the 14mW, used as the turn on values in the video. It takes about 24ns (haft division with 50ns/div setting) for the bulb/resistor to turn on. This is 8 times longer than the stated 1/c seconds of the hypothesis.
This is not that complicated to understand, I’m surprised so many YouTubers couldn’t wrap their minds around this. Jackson’s theory on electrodynamics is really the definitive work on this, at least when I was in university.
After I saw the thumbnail I can say that boi this is juicy
Don’t worry, I’m sure your next corporate sponsored misinformation video will make you feel better
13:20 But if the circuit isn't complete before you switch it on... there won't be an electromagnetic field already in place so the light wouldn't switch on. which would mean you'd know the circuit is broken, or am I missing something here?
Oh I need a very sensitive reader so I'll just talk to the guy at LIGO - Derek  This man knows people
I love how he somehow changed his original claim with some random-ass wires and a car battery into an experiment with an impedance-matched load and gigantic copper pipes LMAO
Now at the end of your video you do make a mistake... you said you were wrong by not diving in deep enough into the actual experiment because it became the focus but it was a thought experiment like you said it was correct everyone else tried to prove it wrong in the wrong way oh by manipulating your words so I do not think that anyone should visit their channel at least not for the purposes of watching their videos that attempt to prove you wrong when you were right it would only be confusing and counter intuitive to the type of thinking you were trying to inspire anyway again you’re a great guy for giving credit for the videos they created that had nothing to do with what you were saying but it’s not a good thing the reasoning behind and making the videosWas not a good thing because they were malicious in nature
Exactly what he said from the last video and makes perfect sense 🤷🏽‍♂️
So cool
Good video! I still think its a little misleading... you CAN light a light bulb instantaneously (or nearly), it'll just explode after 1 sec...or 1-(1m/c) sec.  Still, absolutely helped me understand a lot of phys 2/circuits that I hadn't fully conceptualized! Good follow up vid.
Kuddos for the follow-up video, youtube was on FIRE after the first one 🙂. Good job!!!
Alright, this time I'm conviced. But I wonder, what happens if instead of using a switch, you connect a battery that wasn't in the circuit originally ?
I'm currently learning about the stuff like this in my Physics class, and it all made sense instantly. Thank you for revisiting it!
Bruh yeah u should a tuner on that pipe
Hence shielded cables? (enables more "concentrated flow"?) For when precision and consistency matters.
I don't know, man. In semiconductors there sure is a lot of discussion about charge carriers. This video just seems like a way to save face rather than admit that you over-stated your case.
That was an incredibly long and insulting video to only come to the conclusion that your critics were right. The voltage that appears first is only small, just like the critics who "don't understand" said and demonstrated with even better equipment than you got the name-dropped people to set up for you. Their criticism is your use of "bulb turns on" to be misleading, which it still is. They did not misunderstand you. They understood exactly what would happen and that you deliberately obfuscated your explanation. You have lost even more respect with this video. Why is it so hard for you to come clean?  Now that I think about it, I don't even want to watch any more of your videos. I am unsubscribing. You don't deserve more attention and revenue than the video creators you slammed in this video.
Hello. I have two questions: 1. If the energy is in the fields then a magnet (which has a magnetic field) should not have energy of some kind that could be used as electricity?  2. If the electric field is the one that accelerates the electrons, could the electrons "bouncing" constantly against an atom (losing kinetic energy and therefore making the bulb shine), not being able to advance through the cable to the battery and therefore not spending battery energy?
Best channel on YouTube right now. Keep killing it! Love your explanation of how voltage and current are the concepts we deal with practically, but Maxwell's equations are the real nitty-gritty of what is going on.
I'm glad you revisited this, I understand it a lot better now.
I have an engineering background and yet i feel so much more confused about the topic of electricity now. I am glad that i was jolted out of the simple waterflow model of current.
What matter is.....this video got so many views
This is the difference between science people arguing and people in politics . This is so effin Cool
Would a battery last longer if it was connected and disconnected with every use or continuously connected in a device like a remote if it had a Physical disconnect would it maintain the life of the battery longer?
Light is just a sould wave in the aether - Nicola Tesla
Wireless charging
Okay, but how is this useful?
Great Video! Enjoyed  it very much.  Makes me think with a different perspective what I do every day using neural stimulators to improve peoples quality of life. There is a gray area on exactly how they do it and how the field theory works in biological models.
I mostly agree with you. But I feel like you're still leaving out details. Yes, you get to 5 V but it takes nearly 25ns to get there. Not 3.33ns. The current at 1m/c is still negligible. But you're correct that the light would turn on before the wave can propagate through the wires.
I work for Ansys, great use of our simulation software!
Fascinating! Seeing the current being stimulated in the wire by the electric field made me wonder, is this how an EMP fries electric circuits?
There is no such thing as electricity; there's only the magic smoke. Time & again I've seen how things stop working whenever I let the magic smoke out of those tiny little pipes...
14:28 leaves me feeling a bit uneasy.  If induction is so apparently powerful & ubiquitous, what are the implications for human health?  Has this been considered and studied?
This is more ( a looooot more) clear about this effect, last video was really confusing. Now I have doubts about how circuits could work. Thank you and keek the awsome work!.
Is this what James May meant when he said we didn't actually know what electricity was
Impressive explanation Derek! Well done! 👏
So a battery is a spring
Looks like a folded dipole at 300 Ohms. It's still wrong. Imagine a set of swinging balls on a string. You have all seen them. The energy is transferred to the next ball and so on. This surface charge is dependent on frequency, and the depth of the charge current. He has nothing about the standing wave on switch on.
Top notch. Been watching you for years. Thank you to you and your entire team.    Ever since your video "World's Longest Straw" and vsauces video on space straws. I have wondered (ill admit a bit off track but...) if gravity affects sound waves? This question pops into my head every once in awhile. Say you projected sound from the ground straight up to a receiver. Then had the same sound project at the same time and distance pointed towards earth. Would both waves reach the receiver within the same time? Would the waves pointed down travel faster. Maybe it's dumb but it's bothered me for years.  Even further, would the waves traveling down speed up changing the original frequency as it approaches the ground and vice versa. Would the sound be the same hz at the transmitter and receiver?
RIP A level physics 🙏
Dude claims that electrons don’t carry energy then clearly states at 7:02 “The battery does continuous work to maintain it [the surface charge] by moving electrons against the Coulomb force”. If you move something against a force (or up a potential gradient) then you’re giving it energy. This is basic physics. So what do the electrons do with that energy then, Derek? Don’t they have to carry it some place? You’ve just got contradicted  yourself. You claim that the field is what carries the energy, not the electrons. However, the electrons generate the field. The very definition of an electric field is that it’s something that surrounds charged particles and acts on other charged particles. The problem circuit is not that hard to figure out: some transient capacitive coupling gets the information across the short gap, then the steady-state current catches up later by taking the long way round. Most people can probably figure out the answer but for some reason you feel the need to deliberately mess with their heads by saying contradictory stuff and talking about Poynting vectors. The additional explanation of the lumped-circuit elements is most welcome but this video continues to make a mountain out of a mole hill because you refuse to make the difference between steady (DC) and unsteady (transient) conditions. The way you present it is deliberately confusing and contradictory (presumably to generate more responses, like this, and please the might Algorithm.) Electrons don’t do anything! Volts and amps are pointless! Everything is explained by spooky Poynting vectors you’ve never heard of!  Yep, let’s deconstruct electrical theory and walk off, leaving its tattered remains on the floor, it’s the post-modern way.
I definitely learned a lot more about electricity and transmission lines because of some of the vagueness and the response videos.  Glad you made this follow-up.  Great stuff, Derek!
amazing video, you're the man!
Fields are insane.
14:22 🤔 makes me think of EMF’s from phone WiFi 💭 & how they effect us 🧐 📲📳📵 🤨
Failure is necessary on the road to success. Props to you.
How do chip manufacturers deal with the electric field  noise in their nano-meter scale chips?
I understood you the first time! Thanks again!
Absolutely brilliant
It is still very misleading to say that electrons do not carry the energy. Maxwell's equations assert that charge creates all electromagnetic fields. Charge is created by protons and electrons, so it could be analyzed as the presence or lack of electrons. Since electrons create the fields, and the fields carry the energy, this means electrons DO carry the energy.
Derek, your channel is all about making people think. Mission accomplished! No apologies nessecary. Whether they think you're right or wrong, they still think. Keep up the great work bro.
I was extremely confused by your last video. Thank you for revisiting the subject. From this video, I see that the field of astrophysics need to change to an expression of a plasma-electric universe. In support of this matter I point to the US Navy Patent US10144532B2 (2018) where in the fine print, the Patent (which result in currently "operative" platforms the Navy said in The Drive in 2019) stated the "mass reduction" technology "only works" because we live in "a plasma electric universe" (Pais). BTW such mathematical explanations do not require magical "dark matter". It is this as yet unacknowledged fact, is that which provides the electric circuit in the wire itself. Cheers
This is what makes science in youtube even more fun, being able to find different points of view. That's how you get real knowledge. Thank you for revisiting this topic.
I love when the music comes on 😌 towards the conclusion of your videos. It's like the "BOOYAH" moment lol even when you're wrong! Because it always challenges you to dive deeper. It also serves as a message to the community that mistakes happen to the best of us and it's okay as long as we can LEARN from those mistakes. 🙏🏽
I like the video but the magnetic field is how electricity exists, the electric field isn’t creating the magnetic field, it’s the opposite. Electricity is created by fluctuations between the magnetic field and dielectric field.
Hah, waited for that follow up video , and now it's really there =)
The value of the discussion that has resulted from your first video's imperfect nature is what healthy human interaction is all about and should be like, particularly over social media.
Really makes you appreciate how well Griffith does emphasizing the importance of the Poynting vector
Derek uses the haters to remind everyone why he's number one- also there's science!
Seems like people can not decouple from classical physics and understand quantum mechanics.
2:45 But this is just a bad assumption even when thinking in the"classical" manner ! Sure, electron do not carry energy, just like any other way I can think of energy transfer, there is NEVER an actual flow of energy. Energy is not a thing, you can't move it. It's just a concept. For example when you push on something with a broomstick, there is no energy flowing through the the broomstick so to speak, yet I'm doing work at the other end of it. Electrons in an electrical circuit are just a very convenient broomstick that can push on stuff remotely. In the case of a lightbulb they are pushing on the electrons Wich are squeezed through the filament resistance. Alpha Phoenix was spot on in my opinion.
My grandfather was an electrician and I remember him showing me a tool that opened and then closed around a wire. It was much bigger than the wire and looked as if it did nothing until you checked the readout, and then …. Well, I can’t remember but it was used to show something, it’s been a long time ago.  Ohm’s maybe, I wish I could remember.
Thanks, this explanation is great, can’t believe I’ve been an electrician and working on electrical equipment for 40 years, this is the first time I’ve heard it explained like this
can someone please wipe the screen on that scope? yeesh!
Promoting the other channels that critiqued your original vid was inspiring :) love to see it
What happens if I put two switches on either side of the battery so the circuit is open in 2 places, have no charge in the system, and close the switches at the same time?  I think this will simulate what a lot of people expect and what many miss... The system is pre-charged.
10 meters, lame
Beautiful work! Simply Beautiful.
So how does a circuit board get around these issues with induced voltages from the expanding electric fields? If you have 50 parallel traces going to processor seems like incredible interference.  Should have shown how the distance between the wires impacts the induced voltages (your experiment was much closer than 1m) and the changes from having the circuit open at the ends.
Math guy vs electrical engineers
Great to see this follow-up. I was having my doubts on the initial video as well, although I'm not electrical engineer. I've also seen some of the video reactions, as I tend to watch a number of YouTubers you shown here. At least for me this video explains things better now and serve well for settling that engineering dispute.
Imagine being those guys who told him he was wrong
Still interesting, but doesn't change the fact this was extremely misleading since the inherent implication was it would get the full power when energy was received. Because if I understand correctly here what is going on, basically that when you "flip the switch" you are pulling latent power in the line which makes a lot of sense and then later a more intuitive understanding leads to full power.  If this is supposed to be educational then the point is to NOT be misleading nor idealize to the point of not being real.
Good point about how important it is for computation, though less so for light bulbs...
Never bet against Derek lol
this also illustrates how induction and wireless current detectors work.
so Magneto can actually become an electrician!?
peer review in action!
18:17 What the hell is imaqtpie doin here
I have been following this and I kind of get it (nope!). If the energy in a circuit flows outside the wire, I would like to know how something like a CPU functions when the scale of the circuit is so small. How does such a small scale circuit function with the radiant energy surrounding all the current paths. This blows my mind.
Veritasium claps back (very scientifically and respectfully)
2:20 what a humble way to say : haha i was right!!
Thanks for the clarification. My faith has been restored.
I need to watch this video more than one time.
The fun thing about your experiment is that utility locators actually have to deal with this every day.  We call it bleed off and it is directly a result of various conductors being in close proximity to each other.  Higher the frequency used, the more likely it is to experience this "bleed off" of signal.  We actually have to carefully curate what frequencies we use to maximize the distance we can locate while also limiting how much bleed off we have.  It's actually a pain with telephone and electric lines that are grounded incorrectly.
"Not delving enough ..." could be averted in general by having it reviewed by other experts before making the video public.
Great job, guys, from the first video to all the other's and this video revisiting it. Really adds value.
My issues with some of the responses in the word "deceptive" because it implies intent...making it combatitive in this case.
Dope
Too bad politics are not this easy.
Do fields own electrons, or do electrons own fields? Do Electric fields come from protons and electrons? Are the electric fields the fingers of the protons and electrons that say, hey, stay away, or come closer. The fields conserve the momentum and energy of the universe. If two electrons come closer together, the potential energy of repulsion increases. Charges on the battery and charges on the wire are electrons. Chicken or the egg.
Great job Derek. The original video, the responses, and your counter are all a great example of public science demonstrations and education! I learned SO much about electricity after watching all of this. I'm very glad you had a humble response to the criticisms and uplifted other channels who made responses to your original video. Thank you for building up the science youtube community.
This got a "History in making" vibe.
Well done, was waiting for a full explanation my head was doing cartwheels after the first video
Really enjoyed this one, thank you!
Don't be sorry Derek , your video made YouTube engineers to think out of the box again. Every channel was talking how right or wrong was your statement . It was one of the most enriching moments on the internet for the science.  Excellent work! Although it is a bit abstract to learn as a first approach to electrical engineering
"illustrative purposes only"     "yes, _if_ …"   Just admit you were wrong, dude.  :(
The biggest problem of the original video is visualizing that stationary energy flow from the battery to the bulb is not along the wires (this picture even reappears here) but directly from the battery to the bulb through the empty space, whereas the answer Dereck is trying to prove (1/c) is completely due to the dynamics of the EM field and radiative transfer of energy.
these animations are so well done
i'm the 950,000th viewer!
This is a very good introduction to electric (and magnetic) fields in circuits.  Thanks Derek!
There is still a slight issue with your model. Using a resistor as allowed simulates an incandescent bulb, and 14 mW for a couple nanoseconds is not enough energy to light up such a bulb. You show an LED to demonstrate that 14 mW is enough to produce light, but the turn on time for any LED is longer than 3 nanoseconds. The electric Fields aren't able to penetrate the diode's potential barrier during the period of time, where only the electric fields are inducing current.
i believe a better explanation for this is that the energy travels like a string vibrating, the source makes the initial movement needed and the inertia between the molecules of the string carries the energy around the circuit. I could understand your assumption this way (if its correct), also this could explain why the electrons don't carry the energy (molecules of the string does not as well) it just help disipate the force needed to transmit the energy for the whole circuit. Correct me if I wrong pls
Good Video, and was good to clear that up for the people who can't understand. 🤦
AI: (Learning) Also Ai: Wireless charging robots in design~
Mehdi is lucky Derek didn't bet him a 10,000 Canadian cents.
While this is a brilliant explanation, I took the question from the original video to mean "when does the light bulb turn on" and I took it literally knowing that there would be some induction in the wire due to the 1m gap AND that this would induce a small current in the bulb AND you were using a conventional bulb. As you've pointed out, the bulb you used would not turn on with the small inducted current, thus your answer of 1m/c is still wrong. Sorry dude.
I think you didn’t really get to the heart of why people felt the original video was misleading. When you said the light goes on, people would generally understand that to mean all the way on. You never mentioned that it would go on a little at 1m/c seconds and *then* reach full brightness over a period of time.  After watching the response videos, that’s what felt misleading to me - it seemed implied that at 1m/c seconds, everything that was happening to the circuit was over, and that the length of the wires was irrelevant.
Very interesting video. I think there is still something missing and I'm not a physics or electrical engineer. I'll admit it - I'm dumb in this area. Never studied it. There's a lot of effort to say the electric isn't going through the wire and I don't understand why. The wire clearly has something to do with it. For example if I were to splice a 20 Ga speaker type wire into my 200 amp arc welder's wire line, besides destroying a perfectly good arc welding wire, it would vapor that 20 ga wire in short order. It can't carry that much electric. So if it's going around the wire why is there a problem? Could the field simply be the symptom of the electric going through the wire? An indicator of sorts? BTW, my answer to the original video was effectively it would light instantly. That is provided that it would light at all because a wire that long would lose a lot of power. The same problem Edison ran into with DC electric. Too much resistance. 1/C to me is instantly. I should troll and say - I used 1 ft / C. As if that would make much of a difference. It's a joke.
All possible because of the magnetic field.
Now do a video about UFOs, Derek. Your channels greatest failure.
How does this relate to internet latency, say you have 2 ppl on opposite sides of the world connected via cable, can you have the basically no latency?
What is going on in the stock footage at 19:47?
This is literately the New Gen scientists.
You made mistakes and now you refuse to admit them :) The slight saving grace is that surprisingly the modest inductive shock continues for all the time the field propagates all the way around the loop, not just an initial 50ns pulse. However you never mentioned the word inductance in your original video? You seemed oblivious of the concept. For the light second loop, the build up in the inductance would take a long time. 76 seconds to ramp up to full flow linearly. The induction goes straight across, the EMF speeds around the loop at c and then the inductance takes a long time to spool up. Analogous to mass inertia.
After his first video Derik should have gone to Youtube and said other content creators Electro,Dave,BigClive etc were saying mean things. Youtube would make them take down their videos, we would learn nothing and our overlords would be happy. This is a great example of why free speech is so important.
Like.
Derek didnt explain himself so he could get another 10k
Isn't this related to induction? It's not AC but it happens in the beginning regardless.
Thanks. Please also redo the water tap + electrostatic charge (debunk video by Thunderf00t)  experiment
This is amazing Derek! Hopefully this is a sign for you to make more in depth videos from the beginning. You don't just have a lay audience that wants simple explanations. We want the real physics behind what's going on.
Fascinating.
This is very confusing. I have been fed lies by the american education system. I am most interested about the way electricity actually works. Everything's so much more intricate than just electrons moving
Great job for explaining the details to those who arent aware. Got any more thought experiments coming up??? I think these would be amazing to partner with schools and universities for these kinds of things.
I was quite shocked watching this
*Derek* : With electrons moving on average the radius of a proton... *Me* : Don't move! Don't move!
Actual YT science being done, explained, and successfully defended - love it. :)
Tesla pronounced "electrons where??? ".
This is like a crossover episode with my favorite, obscure characters featuring on the most popular show. It's like in a beautiful dream.  Unrelated: Derek, when you delve into math and physics, I think it would be cool if you registered it somewhere, maybe the second channel. I think much of the flack you get is from people who think your research is as simplified as your explanations. Great video, very nice to see to what extents you go to verify your claims.
Lol, the number of electrical engineers who don't seem to understand the basic principles of antennas is shocking.
This is truly magnificent work.
An electron speed of 1000000ms/s? How?
Once you explained it the original video, I was "ah hah" that makes perfect sense, it was great (i.e. great revisit, but I got it the first time).  The Alpha Phoenix video was quite intesting as it also showed how the field worked in the open circuit also.
In my opinion it would've been simpler to understand what you were going for if there were no circuit at all. Just two wires one meter apart, one with the power source + switch and the other with the light bulb.  So it's great that you cleared it up at 13:02. I know it's good for engagement to pose these kind of trick questions and clearly it was a good idea in that regard, but in this case definitely lead to many misunderstandings as you obviously noticed.
“How Electricity Actually Works” This is the current title of the video. It will inevitably change.
in the far future someone very rich will do a  real circuit base on your design to see what will happen
ElectroBOOM always starting fights
This was a beautiful explanation.  I assume the conductors were raised so high to avoid coupling to ground?
Hey, I got a physics myth for you to tackle: Whether or not black chairs feel warmer sitting in them than any other color, all else equal.
This is why audiophiles buy crazy wires and do crazy things to their wires, and people think they are crazy, I guess.
Ok a fraction can travel from one wire to another, then why does the full power come on after the circuit "completes"? It seems like this is all stretches and don't really explain everyday wires or we could simply power up stuff by placing their wires close to a charged one. Also, none of those videos or yours consider whether these lines need to be parallel for the assumptions to yield these results. What if they are scrambled or at a 90º angle? What direction will the electrons be accelerated? Do they guess which side the circuit is gonna be completed at?
Good revisit and comeback to all the critics.  I watched the original and then everyone's responses and was incredibly confused.  Now it all makes sense.
I will show this to my students.
I'm not sure you were fully explicit about why the initial current was so small. Full current only flowed once the field propagated all the way out to the end of the wire, right? This is because the field propagating across the open space between the wires is not as strong as the field that surrounds the wire close in, right? So effectively you only get full power once the field has travelled far enough from the battery to "discover" that the circuit is in fact complete? That being the case, a) the time taken to get full power round a superconducting circuit would be a function of how far away the battery is from the most distant bit of the wire and b) the strength of the initial current would be a function of the distance between the parallel wires (as is the time it takes for that initial current to develop). Am I anywhere near right here?
Thank you so much! I work in power generation. Although I can complete any electrical calculation, intuitively, general analogies (water flowing) would break down for things like capacitors, generators or transformers. Bringing everything back to fields completed the intuitive side of the physics that I was missing! Appreciate the work you do!
I wanted to pause at 00:47 seconds to say I love this community. Ok, back to the video.
At 4:49 you state that balance of charge is 0 in every portion of the conductor. At 6:05 you say that there's a side with an excess of electrons and a side with an excess of protons.  Which one?
Could someone help me? i think i missunderstood it. but wouldnt it mean if i put a infinite long wire next to a closed circuit i could power a lightbuld on that wire as long long its close to the circiut? because there wont be a reflection?
6:47 - what is causing the expansion and contraction of the electrons?
How could you omit DiodeGoneWild in your list of youtube electrical engineers? He's one of the most competent and understandable of all of them.
He got SWEATY with the science my boy. I love these follow ups
You have to be the best YouTuber out there, man.
what a great video, this one made me finally understand it!
You have a few more grey hairs since the last video. 😀
One video makes the difference..
Okay, this explanation is much better than your previous video on the subject but you still have some issues with your wording which makes things unclear and still misleading. The energy is carried by the fields, but it sounds like you're downplaying the roll that the electrons actually play. The fields are CREATED by the distribution of charge, which you point out in this video, but then immediately say the electrons are "just pawns" when that's a mischaracterization. Also by overemphasizing the truth that the fields carry energy, you make it sound like the electrons are not even needed... which they absolutely are. They're not "pawns" but literally the reason the fields exist in the first place. I'm also really frustrated that you never even mentioned that the circuit that you posited is basically acting like an antenna (transmitter/receiver) pair which is why there's an immediate change in voltage at your load. You could have at least mentioned that. Another thing you need to mention is that it's CHANGING electric fields that carry energy. A static electric field doesn't transmit energy; it has to oscillate to transfer energy. Once you have a steady state electric field in a DC circuit... guess how the energy gets transferred... the movement of the electrons through the circuit.
Lumped element model, love it! The closer u look, the further u see.
Field theory will always give a correct solution. But Feymann would first ask what is a field, is it real or just some mathematical model that always seems to work? Turns out that explaining without fields often gives the same correct solutions, as it does here with high school models.   The water in pipe analogy  for electrical current and energy flow does fine here as long as you combine it with high school induction laws. Water is compressible which means the pump can pressurise the pipe on one side against the other side. The pressure difference is found across the pipe restriction. In anology the electrons are tiny bit closer on one side (higher electric potensiel) that the other. This gives of rise to the surface charges, since there will be an excess charge and like charges repulse to the surface. The energi the electrons carry as with water flow is due to their local potensial or pressure, not due to speed, so here Dereks point is again flow modells is just wrong. The potensial difference with be greatest across the load, as would pressure differnce in a pipe. So far high school physics is doing just fine. What about the immediate part currect on the other side? Well high school physics would explain it with induction, perfectly reasonable.  If you ask me about this situation i say high school physics 1: field theory 1. Both suceed, so no reason to change the high school textbooks, even though field theory is better. After all induction can't really be explained without fields.
Great one Veritasium, honestly.
I think the confusion came from the fact that "current to turn on a lightbulb" is not a quantity nor a precise amount.
This is cool, you are cool!
The key is that the wire is the pipe for the field to flow to the load with the speed of light.  However, it's not an "ideal" pipe. It's unable to 100% contain the field within it, some could leak out and propagate through the air (also with the speed of light). The amount of leakage depends on how good the shield of the wire is.  The first detecting current in the scope is from the leakage field. The travel time is the distance between the detector (load) and the source of radiation (switch). The detector could be another circuit with a component acting as an antenna to pick up the leakage field.  Meanwhile, another portion of the field goes through the wire and reaches the load within wire_length/c.
This has been one of my all-time favorite YouTube arcs
As an electrical engineering student: ahh electricity isn't imaginary and magic numbers made by old people  with beards
Once again, mind blown. Fantastic!
Could you make a video addressing claims of corporate propaganda and paid content, like those made by Tom Nicholas? I think it’s unfortunate that people are making assumptions about your intentions / motivations, and a response in video format would reach more people than the unfortunate reply chain on his video.
Extremely good video, probably one of my favorites you've done recently!  I love that you saw all the feedback and, frankly, confusion generated by the first video and came back with a deep dive into the aspects that generated the most controversy.  Speaking as someone who's done some RF engineering (from the materials side of things), I found this video very informative, well explained, and well arranged.  I especially liked the discussion the different ways we model circuits and how they simplify Maxwell's equations.  As an aide, the thing that really solidified for me the idea that the energy is in the fields and not the wires was when an old boss of mine pulled a stripline bandpass filter from a pile of interesting circuit boards he'd collected over the years.  If you've never seen one, you should google it: it's a circuit that is "disconnected," in that the copper traces on the board are not physically connected together.  They're spaced such that a narrow range of frequencies can actually pass through them efficiently, but if you analyzed it as a lumped element circuit you would say that it was open.  Seeing that circuit really convinced me that it was the fields that were of the utmost importance, not the electrons themselves.
What if the circuit is a square...
This was so cool, yeah we all have hickups and they're fine, we learn from mistakes after all and there were more mistakes in some of the reaktions than you made in the video. And I'm not talking maths or physics. I hope they learn something from it too
nobody told this guy about derating
Good to see you back in the swing of things, Derek. 👋😁🤗
@4:42 you explain that in any bounding box that contains several atoms there is a perfect match between charges, no excess of positive and negative, everything matches.    @5:51 you explain that the battery drives a charge surplus and lack in (or on?) the wire.    This is a contradiction, and weakens your argument.     In the steady state, there is a charge imbalance that causes electron flow and energy transfer through the entire volume of the wire. Your sheepdogs are lying down and panting, the electrical and magnetic fields are stationary.    In the initial few nanoseconds you do not have a steady state, but a transient. High-frequency signals such as this do cause EM field changes that induce current flow - but in this simple circuit (no high-frequency signal after that first bit) they are a minor and mostly ignorable contribution. There is also a 'skin effect' that causes a measurable reduction in current flow because the inside of the wire is not available and is why UHF transmitters use hollow tubes instead of solid wire - the center of the conductor doesn't do any work, so why make a center.    Your contention (@21:19, for example) is that this initial flash of EM waves is the *sole mechanism* of energy transfer, and is false as shown by your own experiment and on the screen of that oscilloscope.     It *is* important to realize that transient effects do occur; inside microprocessors and on circuit boards switched at high frequencies they become significant and must be controlled lest you flip gates you didn't intend to.
I love this video, how it demonstrates some of the misconceptions, I used to read some books about electricity but it doesn't have to much like... A good explanation about how  the electrons move through the wire, so I did not understand things like the transformer and more stuff but with this video I can be able to keep searching and improving my knowledge about this field, thanks :) <3
Excellent video. Thanks
Please do more videos on electromagnetics! All of the videos on this topic were awesome.
This wonderful man is trying his best to make me understand this, but 🥲
Better than Joe Rogan
so electrons go from negative to positive? why do we say positive is the hot wire that kills and negative is just taking away.
I'm nearing the end of a Theoretical Physics degree – I can do Electromagnetic theory, with Maxwell's equations, vector calculus and so on, but I've always struggled to understand how an electric circuit _actually_ functions in reality. I believed that electricity was due to the drift velocity of the electrons and the voltage divider always confused me from a physical point of view, as I struggled with what you mentioned at 9:56. But now, I understand it better. Thank you Derek; every day is a school day, especially with the work you and your colleagues do.
Not in a million years did i think you would accidentally rub the electrical engineering crowd the wrong way. For real though it was kinda amusing and I guess you can put it under your belt. Its not everyday you get to make such a shock wave like that.
Great experiment, but I have to say, from the results, I have a hard time seeing that 'the major component' is the fields.  The charge going through the resistor clearly jumped SUBSTANTIALLY later on.  The bump you were hyping, though cool and meaningful, was ultimately less than 1/5 of the total flow you saw.  At least, that's what I got from this video.  Correct me if I got something wrong, but my conclusion is that the fields ARE THERE and ARE MEANINGFUL, but the MAJORITY of the power is in the actual current.
Finally you acknowledged that you messed up the units.  The "correct" answer '1/c seconds' had dimensions of square seconds per meter. Coming up with an example of a physical phenomenon having those dimensions is ... challenging.
9:27 "pushed along" I thought you JUST said they aren't pushed thru the wire, but they are pushed along it? Do electrons move through the wires, or does the field move the electrons in the wires? You say all that and then depict it with dots moving across a wire...
13:08 This would have been a good moment to pull from AlphaPhoenix's video, where he cut the wires at the far ends, and was still able to briefly induce a current, even though they weren't connected. I know you showed something similar with the computer model of the isolated wire next to the loop, but a real world example would help people understand it a bit more.
When this man says "hold my beer" he means to crush a YouTube's sole. This was the best "I don't want to win the fight, I want to win the war" come back I've ever seen 🤣👍
Am I getting stupid or is this getting more complicated lol
Way better explenation this time around. Nice and thanks
Thank you so much for revisiting this, with an experiment that demonstrated what so many of us were saying!
So technically, my electricity bill is a lie and I shouldn't pay it because what they're actually supplying me with is a misconception and it's all magnetism. =D
Phenomenal revisit!
Probably the best of any YouTube video to date! As a graduate physics student I really appreciate the field analysis and I hope that you continue to make videos (especially the "controversial" ones).
Derek, you rock, but this is rubbish. Bulb in the circuit will never light up with induced voltage. When pulled charge completely runs thru the wires...then! 100W bulb will induce a fraction. 1W will induce a fraction. And it is not 1/C. There is a delay until charge passes enough in the wires to be able to induce something.
First of all I want to find out how Veritasium has found out all my youtube channels because he showed a bunch of them right at the start of his video. Hmmmm.
yeah well i don't think this is going to cut it for my final tomorrow morning. i'm gonna have to stick with standard generalized Ohm's law.
You’ve redeemed yourself - bravo! 👏👏👏
Cunningham's Law states "the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer."
The capacitor acting like a shortcircuit at first did it for me.  It was a "duh" moment.  Thanks!
Science is the questioning and testing of all knowledge and it is the difference of opinions that we further science. Thank you for revisiting this topic and the gracious manner in which it was presented.
That's the heart of science! Put together your theory, bring it out for discussion, let other independent parties try to duplicate and/or disproof it and find it refined, helping our better understanding of the world around us and ready for the next step! Great job! And about mistakes - the only one who does none is the one that never ventures! They are just inevitable part of the creative process! I knew your point since your first video, but the whole discussion helped me see so many more aspects of it... I'm very grateful! Keep up the good work!
Excuse my ignorance...Is the electric field the same as a magnetic field? What is a field in, exactly? How does it spread? If electricity is carried by fields and not electrons, is this a suggestion that 'ether' might exist?
Could you explore superconductors in this way? The animations in this video really helped understanding this topic, but how would a superconductor work?
I'm a little miffed that he didn't mention the fact that this is basically an antenna.  I feel like it would be a lot easier for people to grasp that some current can travel at light-speed without even requiring a connection.
thanks for this clarification, now I don’t understand electricity on a whole new level.
Is this how transformers work? just curious
spoiler the answer is theres gas in the lightbulb.
Hi Derek, or anyone able to. Can you explain what happens when rubber surrounds a wire? How does that affect the electrical field of other disconnected wires, and is rubber just unable to have fieldvectors on its surface, and hence not conduct? Air is another bad conductor, so is rubber just like solid air, and therefore the field will have no problem going thorugh the rubber, like it does through air?  This concept is very abstract to me, so thank you so much for the detailed explanation in this video.
I only started to understand once you drew the inductors….
Electroboom will ALWAYS dominate you in electrical. Never question him
23:12 "... And you should really see how they think about eletronics..." I was expecting to see one box with Mehdi playing the electric guitar here...
So when I was a kid I was "into electronics," but I never figured them out. I had books and science kits shoveled on me, I had a little breadboard and a couple chips and some LEDs even. And none of it ever made sense. Why does current flow in to capacitors and have energy stored in them if there's no circuit through them?  For a while, I worked in an old surplus electronics store. They had everything, and I knew all the component names and what they did on their own, and resistor code came back to me like *that* when I had to sort some. And they even had old superheterodyne kinda variable capacitors and they're? Just metal disks? With like a quarter inch of space between them?? How can that have ANY impact on how., ANYTHING in the circuit works if it's just like water through tubing???? This makes sense. Finally.
Wow you did created more controversy than Joe Rogan!! Congratulations 🤣🤣🤣
I really like that this explains how wireless transmission works
Too late. You already made a fool of yourself. But go ahead, I can use the laughs.
Hi Derek , can you please contact me ? , i have an experiment to proof quantum entanglement may be wrong and hidden variables might be real ,  please guys help so he can see this
I don’t know if you understand the sense of dread that seeing that textbook cover again created in me
Nah, had you made this new video from the beginning, it wouldn't have been as interesting. I think it's actually good you have the duo of videos. I'm not clear on one thing: if it's only the fields, why do we get only partial signal for the first instants, and full current once "everything has connected"?
Science youtubers: Actually 🤓 Derek: Yeah well actually 🤓
Until people realize that electricity isn't made of little balls called electrons but is actually inertia NOBODY knows how electricity actually works.
You better make a coil.
funny how we barely understand what some people understood in the begining of 1900's... we evolved so much since....
The one word explanation for why he is wrong is: electrochemistry.
love the explanation. it makes a lot of sense  but it sounds like the small current was induced by the magnetic field. that's why there was a current in the second disconnected wire. you didn't explain where the second big current comes from put an  coil and test it. if the current is multiplied it should be induction?
The thing that's irritating is that we are taught so many simplified things, without ever being explained that this is the simplified version. Derek's original video took me by surprise, because this was not what I was taught.  He is of course right, but it'd be nice if education would make sure to tell us that they are teaching us the simplified version (which they do sometimes. Gravity is not 10m/s^2, but we use it because the math is easier that way. And we're told that it's not really 10m/s but 9.8m/s^2). Why we can't be taught that we're gonna use V=IR for simplicity but it's not actually true?  In any case, this video was masterfully enlightening, so thank you, Derek, and everyone who worked on this!
The most important aspect of the Derek’s initial video is that it created debate and initiated scientific discourse.
This is a beautiful explanation of the basics that were thought in the "basics of electrical engineering" classes at university. Energy travels through the insulation medium to the other site (better known as dielectric), not the conductor. The conductor channels the fields, but the electromagnetic fields are present in the insulation. Coaxial cables are the everyday proof for this.
You are doing a fantastic job! Keep up the great work.
ElectroBOOM
If the field is what carries the energy, what happens if you have a way to shut out (block out?) the field from the circuit to the outside? Would it just travel along the circuit instead with the assumption that not matter how you block out the field, it'd still travel alongside the wire?
You stepped up like a real man.
Based on the size of the wires being used in the original video, the answer would be never, because a wire of that diameter that measures one light second in length would have too much electrical resistance for the voltage to even reach the light bulb. You would have to use a zero ohm superconductor for the wiring for such a thought experiment to work in reality.
NOW I could understand everything, this video was very necessary
I love that a mistake made this that much more remembered. As a difficult concept is very hard to grasp and remember
Basically a giant capacitor, or radio antenna... Which is cheating
Jedi status upgrade.
This wàs DC what about AC
Thank God someone has got people thinking again.. At least more research is getting done.. Love this video.. It will be nice to see what happens, right or wrong!! Keep up the good work!! 👍🏼
I comment to help statistics
Thankyou for this amazing response-response/clarification video!   When your initial video came out, it was great watching the reactions of everyone to it, and this has very neatly summed everything up, and brought it all together.   All the shoutouts to the the response videos were fantastic as well.
I think the first video was misleading because there was no distinction between "some current" and the "full steady state current". The former takes 1m/c, but the latter takes the light-time around the length of the circuit. The assumption is that the bulb coming on takes full steady state current. And that really depends on the type of bulb being used.
It's funny how some people think it shows how smart they are by nitpickig a program that tries to make a complicated subject comprehensible to the general population you're not teaching a PhD class you're talking to the general population your shows are excellent
Keep things vague, then clear them up, then we will keep getting a ton more educational content while continually learning at the same time. Loved the vid. Ty.
I understood your first vid.
okay but how far can this magnetic field reach? what if rather than the skinniest rectangle imaginable the circuit were shaped in a giant circle 1 light second in diameter, would thelight turn on in 1 second, or 3.14seconds, or 1.57seconds,
"actually"
great visualisation! love it i´m studying electric engeneering and from my point it was a great basic explanation. so next time someone asks me what current and voltage is i will guide them to your video.  electric field theory and semiconductor physics were probably the hardest lectures but also the most interesting ones. Most of the time it was like " yes, but actually no" and it drives you insane :D
This is crazy
I would like to drop your mic for you, if that's okay?
I don't know if anyone will read this. but, what if the circuit was circular?
Questions: 1. Would you get 'free' electricity should you camp under huge electrical pylons?  2. Are fields from pylons safe to humans?
this makes a lot more sense to me than everything i've previously learned about electricity, thank you!
So...then..couldn't you power multiple objects (light bulbs, adapters or other) by just placing a plethora of wires together in close proximity, if it is the field?    Perhaps using less electricity/charge in the process?    Wireless chargers are "plugged in" and not truly wireless.  Nothing really is in regards to the origin and end objective.   I still think and have Saud for many many years that magnetic fields do more than we think. (Even still today)
I shoulda known better than to doubt you, Derek. Thanks for the vids ♥️
As an electrical engineer, I have to say, amazing!!!  The video is so well done and organized that I got emotional with JC Maxwell's modeling…
14mw of light?   What was your input voltage again?  I wan 24 minutes of my life back.  It was framed as clickbait with the intent of getting views from other channels, now you're pissing on us and telling us it's rain.
I know nothing about science, but I liked Ben's analogy
My schooling was a lie.
This man spitting 🔥!
The conclusion of this video is that "the energy" travels across the gap, to the bulb.    ...But to me "the energy" implies the full amount.  But it's not the full amount!!  So this video's conclusion's wording is *still* a little misleading, it feels like.
Thanks so much for making these two videos!
Oh How dare you make people think about the facts  😂😂😂😂😂
may youtube notify me when Electroboom's response video comes out.
So this is why batteries drain, even when not in use, because they are maintaining the field regardless. Fantastic explanation!
New question: what happens if you turn on 2 switches on BOTH SIDES of the battery? If I get it well, the wire will not be “precharged” from the connection to the battery, so untill it gets charged it will not transmit as much field energy as in your experiment right?
I love this kind of videos.
That looks like *way* too expensive a scope to be balancing on top of a ladder like that...
This is really elegant and there is a true effort behind such work from everyone involved. Thanks very much for you, Derek for not ignoring the main problem and revisiting it. The explanation is mind-blowing.
im so confused bro
Best way to get an answer online is (even seemingly) to post the wrong one
I vote we get the slow mo guys in to record actual visible light.
I’m about 7 minutes in and have a question.  Why is the em field distribution limited by the speed of light?
I hope someone mentioned voltage drop.
I love the interaction on a honest mistake
I started to think that engineering education is becoming really bad. What is explained here is generally studied in circuits and electromagnetics and kindda well known for electrical engineers. What we do in a nutshell is that we use the steady state solution for maxwell equations to design and study circuits. The reflection of the standing wave is a well known concept and we even have equipment that is based on this principle to measure the length of a cable and to check its quality. Similar scenarios are present in all scientific disciplines where we use special cases of a general theory because we want to focus or measure specific characteristics and not solve the continuous version of the problem in hand
This is the day when youtube becomes university
I've seen _many_ video responding yours. I gradually learned and finally understood yours (ignoring the unit error). But this video is so much better, it summarized all the video I've seen, excluding the wrong ones. It's so hard to do science popularization, I know you did your best but your first video was confusing, even as an (not electrical) engineer. The simulations provided by other youtubers helped a lot. YouTubers can be so efficient sometimes at improving each others, too bad it's not so often.
You didn't make a mistake in that first video, you just exploited Cunningham’s Law ;-)
This is a perfect example of how the scientific method should be done… everyone tries to DISPROVE the claim using LOGIC & SUBSTANTIATED FACTS!
It was really frustrating watching all these EE content creators rake you over the coals for not knowing what you're talking about, when it turns out that they had just never interrogated their own field deep enough to get to the concepts you were explaining.  But I suppose that's just the scientific method at work.  I hope this enriches the entire popular understanding of electricity, and that those creators are able to admit that they were wrong.  My main question at this point is: is this information hard for an interested party to find?  Or did the naysayers just race to apply their incomplete understanding of electricity and call it a day for the sake of calling you out first, without doing as much research as you?
Everyone: *confused and frustrated on how electricity works*  Me with a Bachelors in Theoretical Physics: “What’s going on over there?”
This was a wild ride. When I watched your first video, I was honestly disappointed, as it felt incomplete, confusing and potentially deliberately designed to be so.  I then saw Electroboom and Alpha Phoenix’s responses and felt much clearer as a result - and even more concerned with the choices you’d made.  As this video started it felt like you were criticising their responses and unfairly implying that they were the ones with misconceptions, and then, as you talked about transmission lines, etc. it felt like you were repurposing their explanations uncredited.  It was only at the very end you credit them properly, and gave a mea culpa.  But it felt unbalanced.  I’ve always respected your videos and content, but I feel both videos veer away from the science and towards the drama and they’re not for me. Sorry, if that comes across negatively, I just want to give an honest account.
The fact humans figured this out is amazing. Another great video way above my understanding but very interesting
Is there any way that youtube only sends me notifications for revisits instead of the clickbaits?
very cool
Yo thanks for owning up to all the assumptions in the last video!
"The clue that this is actually a thought experiment is the two light-seconds of superconducting wire that stretch out into space"....a very polite physicist's insult! hahaha
I feel like this is how it looks when scientists debate with paper, but now we can see a video about these wars
I remember in highschool, My teacher said that the diagram of flowing electons is just for illustration, and makes things easier to work with in a practical sense and but don't actually carry the energy.  and it is physically not how it works. I have never forgotten that.  So these interactions are much less surprising to me.  But I love the actual breakdowns.  I also love that you revisit, and are also not afraid to admit you're wrong when you are.  great stuff
So wait, i never grasped electricity nor do i know anything about it, but does this mean i could take an led and bring it close to a wire and it'll emit some light?
Somehow, out of the complete and thoroughly educating video that likely took you months of RND, the one thing that stood out to me the most was the piece of food stuck in your teeth at 21:24.   But all jokes aside, this was truly a well documented microcosm of the wonders of the scientific method all transacting within the youtube agora. Thanks for bringing such fun to us all the time!
Derek's first video explained the idea just fine.           But then I wasn't bogged down by thinking I understood how electricity works.
This was way over my league
Never before have I seen a better example of Cunningham's Law: "the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer."
As an electrical engineering student i understand absolutely nothing,by the way it is my second year.😂
You are again misleading. The current that is equal to the final current is traveling to the speed of light or slower.
Science quack. This guy is on the same level as the Bogdanoff Twins.
Thank you for this saga! I have been talking with friends about your original video and this answers a lot questions they had.
I was not entirely convinced, but at least I understood you were saying information is still traveling at the speed of light.  Some of these "smart" guys who were debunking you with that argument really triggered me lol
Please explain RADAR and work backwards. Maxwell was a genius.
I'm way to stupid to understand any of this, still love these type of videos tho
Glad to see my mental interpretation wasn't far off inspite not having any relevant degrees I likened it to water/air pressure, but in the EM field with the battery as a sort of pump creating a pressure gradient
Wow… I’m just amazed by every video in this channel   Superb… More energy to you….
Your analysis remains within the near field ! Look for a network analyser and check-out about Tesla's hairpin circuits.
I want to see the experiment done with the load and battery moved to the far ends to verify you don't get that initial current as quickly
Still misleading.. the signal is not power, just a capacitive effect... I wouldn't say it's the same as "turning on the light"
FINALLY I’ve been wondering about how electricity really works for years, wish they would’ve taught me this in school. Stuff’s super cool.
This is history in the making damn, challenge the status quo
Fantastic video by, Veritasium :) I learned so much! Anyways, this opens so many questions. What if light doesn't move the way we think it does? What if the empty space around the light creates a field that is moving the photons? I guess this is the internet and ppl with 0 idea about things (like me) can just talk and post dummy stuff :D But hey we live and learn right?
This again?
The important takeaway here is, Derek. Fields, especially, those quirky Quantuium Fields, are real. They affect reality at the macroscopic level. They should not be discounted as purely theoretical, pie in the sky, markings. Understanding that there is OBSCURED MEANING in our theory when working with APPLIED MATHS is imperative.  F=MA  wtf? is not the extent of Physics It is similar to people MISREPRESENTING Special & General Relativity, by excluding the full equations OR the special assumptions that are considered when they are ELLUCIDATED. eg Isotropism, Homogeneity, Relativity, Spontaneity, Locality, etc.
As I prepare to teach circuits 1 for the first time this fall, I both love the debate and different experiments this has driven in the community, but fear the rabbit hole of unproductive debate at the same time. Physicists and Electrical Engineers look at the world through two different lenses - one in fields and Maxwell, and the other in circuits. They are both fine models, and with the right parasitic components (the transmission line LCs), the result is the same.   You did reinforce one mis-conception that I work hard to dispel - by matching the impedance for maximum power transfer in your experiment. By picking your load to match the loop impedance you did in-fact optimize the circuit to get the most instantaneous / transient output (and a bit of a cheat to make the instantaneous transfer look as big as possible vs the steady state power), but then engineers think impedance matching is ALWAYs the right solution. In most power circuits, we are no where close to matched. If the load matches the source impedance, you are 50% efficient, with half the energy lost to the supply. To make any switching power supply, the supply impedance must be as small as possible (to maximize efficiency), and very mis-matched to the load impedance.  If your battery has a 10mOhm source impedance, a 10mOhm load will deliver the maximum power, for a few milliseconds, until the battery explodes!! A car battery with 0.01 ohms source impedance should never see a load below 0.1 Ohms - a >1C discharge rate.  In practice RARELY do we design circuits for maximum power transfer - RF antenna and Solar MPPT inverters aside.
******* Thanks 😊
Steve Mould did the experiment in 2019 - see "The cheap Chinese bulb that won't turn off".
Tehe!  So was not a jebaited?
Yea this was awesome
So, in other words, the description of my E&M training during my physics degree remains true.  Electricity and Magnetism is, in fact, black magic. 😂
Ok... now we need to do a full scale test.
Wow amazing interesting and creative work yeay 😲😊😁✌️😎👍
Just to remind you: you said our simplified models are all wrong and gave us the "proper" way to look at it, and now you used transmission line model to simplify things. It's hard to describe how annoying your attitude of "yeah I made a 1M views misleading video but haha we all have learned something" is. Sometimes it's better to apolognize than pretend you didn't do anything bad Derik.
Amazing
I have an Electromagnetic exam in like 4 days and this was the best video I could have watched to prepare me for that exam xD - Fantastic work Derek, this is what YouTube should be about !
Thanks for using clips from our video.  Great to see that the debate is resolved now!
This is the pinnacle of scientific community on Youtube.
That was an excellent video and revisit, Derek. Loved watching how the community got so excited about the original video, and seeing your notification on this topic got me so happy lol. Keep up the good work man. Props 👏
That is the BEST video on the planet about electricity. It should be taught to children at school, I finally understand how electricity works! Although... I still don't understand what a field is :P
Dude! This busts sub-college "education" which is awesome and horrifying at the same time. Why do we have to put up with primary education that's so WEAK??? I could've understood fields directly in the time I wasted on memorizing equations! Thanks for fixing part of my education, and please fix education itself while you're here!
Youre video was a GREAT SUCCESS aND  all the controversy was cool "physics controversy" *internal laugh-cry*
Keep moving those goalposts buddy
None of them would conduct their own experiment proving you wrong, they just sat in front of a camera talking trash. I respectfully don't care what they said lol! Still love and appreciate this channel and the time you take from your life to educate the people
I watched this entire video, the original one (The Big Misconception About Electricity), and a lot of the criticism videos. My big is take away is that scientists, like most human beings, have a really hard time saying "I was wrong." Instead of a "I made a mistake and really didn't represent the physics that well," from Veritasium, we got a "people misunderstood what I was saying and actually I was right all along." It's actually quite disappointing. I hope the producers will actually take the time to read this entire comment and try to do a better job next time.  If you go look at Veritasium's original video, the analysis he conduct was based primarily the Poynting vector of the fields. The discussion is the original video is largely about how these Poynting don't actually follow the wires. He had diagrams where the Poynting vectors start at the battery and terminate at the light bulb. The implication very much being that the important distance in the geometry is the distance between the battery and the bulb.  He discussed steady-state solutions (either DC or AC), rather than transient states as he does in this video. The criticism I had of the original video is that the viewer is left thinking that ALL electrical energy transmission is from radiation, which is not right.  Veritasium doesn't seem to really understand the criticism on causality, at least not based on his discussion in this video. Again, the diagrams and discussion in the original video seemed to imply that the important distance is the distance between the battery and the bulb; *not* the switch and the bulb which is emphasized in this video. So, the questions about causality come in if you *move the switch to an arbitrary distance away and flip it*. The implication in the original video was that the light bulb would immediately because the *battery* was positioned only a meter a way from the bulb. So, I think at least some of the response (certainly mine) and concern about causality was to these diagrams of the Poynting vector imitating from the battery and terminating at the bulb *coupled with the discussion of the time it would take the bulb to light up after a switch is thrown*.    Now, in this video, Veritasium does rightly point out that there is energy that is transmitted via radiation from the wires when a pulse applied. Essentially, Veritasium has built a fairly unsophisticated transmitter/receiver system here.  If the wires were not connected at the end of the ten-meter run, you'd get essentially the same answer for the application of a pulse. In fact, that's how radios work (with a bit more sophistication in the receive circuit).   Importantly, Veritasium triumphs that he successfully transmitted 14 mW of power across the space of a meter. He said he was worry the transmission wouldn't be above the noise. This is a fairly valid worry because his antennas weren't necessarily optimized. But consider this, his setup wouldn't need to be changed *all* that much for the signal to be below the noise. I'm assuming that the wires (the antennas) could be approximated as non-directional, which means the field is going to fall off as 1/r^2. The Friis equation seems to indicate that transmit power also falls off as 1/r^2. So, if I'm doing this right, if we moved the wires just 5 meters apart, the signal would be 25 times smaller or less than a milliWatt. At 10 meter, the receive signal would be 100 times smaller, and so on. Now, technically it will take the signal d/c time to get there, just as in the 1 meter case, but it very rapidly becomes unimpressive.  Another issue is that the producers dismiss voltage and current as important actors in electrical circuits, seeming to describe these as crutches. Instead, they insist, it is the field. This is a confusing point since voltage is a measure of the field. This relevant fact seems to be dismissed.  Ultimately, the problem with this video is similar to the last. It gives the viewer the impression that *most* power transmission is accomplished by radiation, which is clearly not right. The models that we've developed with great success seem to work if we describe the field as mainly being confined to the wire for our steady state analysis. Yes, there are couplings that need to be modeled, but we know how to do that. For transient analysis of closely spaced wires, antenna theory is fairly well developed.   If all Veritasium was trying to communicate is that electricity is *not* a chain in a tube, I think they did a very poor job of this. Yes, electrical power transmission is in the field, but that field is generally thought as being relatively well confined to the wire. It's a change in the field that is moving at the speed of light, and *most* of that change is happening in the wire.
Come on, you could have made it bigger than that
Thanks for the clarification. Never do the same mistake again.
People in my Country were known for stealing electricity from high-voltage lines - we are talking 500kV or more here -  just by extending their own lines at just the exact distance of those towers so they could get a usable voltage on their own lines. Like a giant, inneficient, air gapped, voltage transformer.  So yeah, you just need the wires to make an easier path to guide the fields around.   Back on the stealing point, the people doing that stealing knew exactly what to do. And a couple of laws had to be changed, the legal isolation distance to the power lines had to be increased, in order to prevent that field-loss type of energy to happen in a still technically legal fashion.  Nikola Tesla was right all along, you just need a ginourmous field manipulation ability to transmit energy. Wires are just the best, most safe, and cost-efficient way to do that.
I like to pretend I understand everything in this video.
i love how your expiriment demonstraits why we use wires not wireless power everywhere.  the wireless power is 25% is of the input, but once the wired power gets there, it is more like 95% input
What if the conductors were not paraller, but instead in a perfect circle? How would the field transmit the energy in that case?
While this video series has been incrediably informative to the nature of how electrical energy spreads. It could all be summed up as saying any power sources inherent electrical field will induce a secondary voltage in any conductor it comes into contact with. Really not a hard concept to understand when you cut out all the fluff.
You should admt mistake.
The very best of the youtubes... OK, so I could be wrong, but imagine the heat from the friction of multiple coulombs if the electrons did fly down the wires at lightspeed. I imagine if that was how it worked wires would be thousands of degrees, is there math for that?? How hot would stuff get IF electrons flowed at the speed of light thru conductors???
Very, very nice. But I was waiting for the scope result from disconnected loop (disconnected at the far end). A pity since it was all set up. Of course it would have initially been the same, but it would have been convincing.
Just play with audio equipment wiring and you’ll find out pretty quick that its the fields that do the work.
I too along with probably most of the people who saw the original video thought that the video was confusing or at least incomplete as my comment on that video. One of the best thing that I appreciate about you is that you are always willing to revisit your explanations and even question whether or not you are right
rerectifeid
Well, we still can't use a light bulb as you stated in the original video.  This what made the "Oh wow" face on all of us. A useable light bulb or device.
bro this is like a rap battle 💀💀
11:38  Apology accepted.
I'm not an electrical engineer, so can anyone answer me this: At 13:30 he shows how the unconnected wire also gets a low charge, and okay, I see that. But if that happens like that, couldn't you potentially generate infinite energy by having an infinite number of unconnected wires around it and use that low charge to generate some effect? Surely the field can't 'know' in advance how many wires there are, so each should be affected identically as the field reaches it.   The only solutions I can see is that either the field does not extend equally in 3d (which he doesn't show clearly, the bit at 14:08 is not a good view), allowing the amount of energy to converge to some number (presumably a number <= 100% of the energy used), or the number converges to some number based on the limited amount of space around it (but it seemed like he got ~20% power straight off, and you could of course place more than 5 wires around it), or it somehow 'costs' more to start the field, depending on the wires around it.  So, can someone tell me which one it is, or if it's something different?  I know of course that this is in practice only an effect that happens for a fraction of a moment, but in magical perfect-land it shouldn't matter how long it lasts if you have an infinite number of receivers.
Derek learned the concept of BAIT.
The more I learn about electricity, the the more I understand I know nothing about it...
is it me or are those capacitors charged the wrong way around? at 17:10
I thought I understood electric current. Thank you for humbling me.
Great content, and I agree with everyone else.  But your closing remarks, and the discourse and interest your original vagueness created I feel is the real gem of this whole saga.  EXTREMELY ENGAGING!
My goodness... Copper must have gotten really expensive
Tesla estaría feliz
What I like about this video is that it shows how computers make Electro-magnatism their bitch.
So, the common comparison of water flowing in an open pipe is less accurate, because it's more like hydraulic fluid in a closed system.
God is not going let man unlock all the Mysteries of the Universe. God is not stupid 🤦‍♂️
What would happen if the wires were completely insulated/shielded? Would we not get this wave of electrons, and the light-speed current does not happen?
The Giza plateau was also a power plant never forget boys
Great video señor!
This man essentially said "Hold my beer"
This is a more complete video. Disregarding the fact that only a small amount of current is generated at 1/c and getting full power only after doing to full loop only made for a "gotcha" -type video that instead of educating mostly just added confusion.
The fact that electrical engineers don't know about this phenomenon was honestly a bit chocking to see.
I love detailed comprehensive explanations of common things that make our everyday life that we take for granted.
what if we use dual pole switch to connect battery on both sides simultaniously?
Great work! Simple question: what would be the result of this experiment if battery was located on the left side and lightbulb on the right side (2 x 300 000 km away from each other)? 600 000 [km] / c [km/sec] = 2 seconds?
I think it would be really interesting to put a twist in the circuit so that the current through the bulb is in the same direction as the current through the battery and switch. I would guess you'd see a negative voltage in the bulb at first, and then a flip to positive when the field traveled around the wire. IMO that would illustrate this principle even better.
Thank you for confirming what I have said for a long while.  The speed of light is almost instant.  It is electromagnetic energy,  which has to have a circuit  so there can not be a speed.  It always moves at the speed of Plank's time constant.  They are missing a few things about reality and so they do not understand the speed of light.   The reason we think there is a speed of light is that we are not looking at the variable time, not the actual speed of light.  It is not light but rather time that they are observing when they think they are timing light.   There is much much more to this, but people think they already know everything so you can not tell them.
My man got it right this time around...
I felt a disturbance in The Force, as if a million YouTube electronics channels got hit in the head by a mike drop.
So this brings to mind another question. Your experiment was with the voltage source (battery) connected to the circuit for an extended amount of time to allow the electric fields to develop on the surface of the wire, correct? What if you attached the battery to the circuit and measured the voltage across the resistor/lightbulb, thus not allowing the fields to develop on the wires' surface. Would it take the amount of time it takes the electric field to travel through the wire for there to be current through the resistor?
Bruh.
To you and everyone that contributed, thank you so much.  This is how science works.
So with this explanation now answered does this open doors to more innovative experiments and maybe groundbreaking inventions to come from this ?
First video was awesome, I cannot believe it would get even better thanks to some people doubting
Derek, I feel you're still dodging one crucial detail.  You used a battery in your first video on this. The Field is generated as the switch is closed, and the globe will briefly and dimly light. After that it WILL GO OUT AGAIN and stay out until the Field that traveled the full path arrives. This is obvious if you observe the expanding ring shaped Field shown in the simulations you used. It is the wavefront of an impulse.
Your first video wasn't a mistake, it generated a wave thru the scientific community and it got scientists around the world involved. Evan though it wasn't your aim the first video you did jolted minds, as a result they poured useful information back out into the world. Keep it up Derek, I love watching your content and the results that come from it.
I love this kind of video ... or set of videos. Just like the chain fountain. The conversations are fantastic and I want MORE.
Amazing content as always, I learn so much in your videos , thx :)
This is good.
I'm so glad this video came out. While I had always agreed with your conclusion, your illustration of the electric fields had confused me. It looked like the battery's electrical field had expanded out and that broke my brain...
People still get hung up on Schrodinger's cat. I think you did the best you could with this idea. Learnt a lot watching your video and response videos.
Sorry for the dummy question, but why does the field move with the speed of light? What does light have to do with the field of electrons? :( I don't get it
So, how does this apply to Tesla's Free Energy?  Seems like he was spot on though maybe he didn't go far enough?
Cool af
I'm pretty sure the veritasium field carries the energy to all the subscribe buttons.
The term lumped element model explained it all.
Do a video about Artificial Intelligence
Thank you for revisiting this subject.
No, another guy explained what’s happening with this idea and a fast oscilloscope.
alternative title for both videos: millennials discover the radio
The title should be "How transmissions lines works". In your example two 1 milimeter. conductors 1meter apart, you have build a 800 ohms characteristic impedance transmission line with a 4 pF/m capacitance, on a fast rising edge signal like a switch commuting the 800 ohms is going to travel down the line at near light speed (well 50% in most metals).  It gives a very good explanation on how transmission lines work's, but doesn't explains how electricity flows in DC wires where all capacitance and inductance are saturated. The interesting part in this setup is when you turn the switch off the light bulb would still illuminate at full brightness for another 2 seconds, with the 300Mm of supra-conductor wire of course.
I'm an electrical engineer with a masters degree and 5 years of work experience and i learnt new information here, this tells you depth of content in veritasium vids. Kudos and wish you long run in preaching science !!!!!!!!!   But one observation here is since you can smuggle the charge through capacitors from switch to bulb on account of dV/dt, i was wondering if switch also smuggled some charge across itself the moment you connected switch's one wire to the battery😅
Now I want the SlowMoGuys to set up this experiment and try to observe the LED turning on in two steps. I'm not sure it's doable though with how dim it might be.
this reminds me of the magnetar class BB in the expanse, the super in the spaceship weapon uses the electromagnetic field FOR INSTANTANEOUS ATTACK
The fastest way to find an answer toa question is to post the wrong answer on the internet.
Thing is, that if we weren't used to learn stuff which is complicated until we understood it, we are not able to learn complicated stuff. Example is the waterloop with pump and whatever is simulating the bulb. Why do we even need to simplify everything? Yeah, we want to be stupid. Cheers.
I quit watching varitasium after he made that video.  It's turned into click bate and omg subverted your expectations!!!!
YES OWN THESE MAINSTREAM BELIEVING MORONS
Better, but not complete. First off you dump the "presenters of the reaction videos" under the bus with the "commentors of some videos" It REALLY sounds like an attack on the reaction videos. I did not see reaction videos that claimed electrons traveled like water in a pipe or broke causality. They ALL stated what you are "now" saying and intuitively knew the resultant instantaneous current would be very small. You are still trying to claim to have been initially correct with your strawman of how no actual person thinks. 16mw is about half the current of one tiny line segment in a single 7 segment character of a vintage calculator. You fake your "is this light?" with a magnifying dome in a darkened room. SHAME ON YOU. Thank you for the veritassium equivalent of eating crow, But You, sir, have no honor.
Hahaha you actually did it, great channel Derrick I’m a huge fan. And owning to your mistakes is great, shows maturity.
This was really interesting to learn. I took a couple classes about electronic circuits in college, mostly just the basics up to simple radios, but we always used the "Water through a pipe" explanation. Even with that some things still confused me and this video helped clear that up. Great video
So shielded wires would not behave like that?
I Was the Director of Engineering at a Lab we designed everything including housing for all kinds of power systems, I appreciate your deep dive into what seems simple because of the short cuts , its a great shame we don't teach these things in our learning facilities.
You should do vague things again on "accident" to get people to test it out again
If you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord and believe in your heart the Father raised Him from the dead you will be saved. Romans 10:9
finally, it come out,  I waited this video so long
YouTube: Veritasium's video was wrong!!!  Derek: Hold my beer.
0:40 a lot of people supported you and gave the explainations
This is so much better than the last video.  The critical takeaway that the wire is acting as an antenna, initially, but as a circuit in the steady-state limit.  You could also consider the other thought experiment, where the wires are infinitely long, but parallel and 1m apart.  In this case the wire acts strictly as an antenna and there is no electronic circuit.  Yes, it transmits power, but it does so poorly compared to the wire in a closed, finite circuit.  I think you could do an excellent follow-up to this leading into antennas.   You're basically knocking on the door here already.  And if you need something else to think about, consider that the Ampere is a measure of Coulombs per second.  A Coulomb is a (large) finite quantity of electrons.  An electron has mass.  An electron cannot move at the speed of light.  If current is fundamentally the movement of electrons then current cannot move at the speed of light.
I like the sheep dog analogy.
Don't doubt yourself too much, Derek; you're awesome!
Thank you for the part 2. For part 3, show your assumptions from the less precise problem and how they would cause issues. ie the super conductive wires that have zero, not near zero or negligible, impedance. Perhaps parallel that with the simplified and true (earth's comparative motion, air resistance, actual gravity, etc) equations for a projectile.
This felt like a great debate/discussion amongst the scientific community that everyone here on youtube just gets to watch lol
This clarification is excellent, but my previous question still stands: If the energy is not in the wires, why do the wires heat up? Since only a small amount of energy crosses the gap, it seems to me that the majority of the energy is still in the wires. (Please explain for us non-engineers)
Oh my, 10 minutes in and he has contradicted himself about three times already. I'll go into one example. He says "electrons don't carry the energy, nor do they push each other through the wire. they are pushed by E-field created by the battery and charges on the surface of the wire". Those charges on the surface ARE caused by (presence/absence of) electrons, same as for the battery, the electrons interact (exert force/push) through those E-fields on other charges (mainly electrons). As those forces are exerted over a distance as the electrons move, work is done and thus the electrons must carry energy.  Whether you consider the energy to be in the E-fields (and B-fields) or in the work done on/through the electrons is a moot point, because IT IS the same system. Not unlike the 'is a photon a wave or particle' debate. The electrons communicate (energy) through E and B-fields.   Until now the video goes something like this: this (simplified) explanation is wrong. I have another explanation that I will pose as the correct explanation. The problem is that is *also* a simplified model of what is happening.   Pushing electrons is simplified microscopic modeling where you ignore the fields E-fields from surfaces charges on a wire is simplified macroscopic modeling, where you ignore the individual electrons.  The latter is more useful from an electrical engineering point of view (where you often don't care about what individual electrons do unless you get to nanometer sized transistors), but that doesn't mean the other model has no merit.  Still it's an improvement over the original video.  If he makes up for it in the rest of the video I'll edit my comment and leave a note later.
The first thing I thaught was pretty much that : it's like radio waves
So you got it wrong but are now doing the King Canute thing. Why didn't you just say "I got it wrong"?  You are flogging a dead horse!
This is much better. Sometimes you seem to struggle explaining things and what you end up saying doesn't make sense. All of the information that you left out in the previous video seemed like an attempt to get people to give the wrong answer to your question. But it ended up just making it look like you had no idea what you were talking about.
Great revisit, especially after seeing some of the other videos from other creators 👍
Derek wins!
Long waited for that episode. so i will make myself some popcorn and enjoy :)  who are the other youtubers? I know only half of them
I have a BS in EE and absolutely love this video. Electricity is so pervasive in our world, but not in education. It's great to have these explanations that make people stop, think, and question. cheff's kiss!
You can take the humble road only when you know you are right
Why was Poynting spelled "pointing" every time in the subtitles? They're not auto-captions, someone specifically made them for the video. I assume Derek had someone do that as well as editing and such, but was that person different from the one who did the description above where it's spelled right? 🤔
Wouldn’t it be 1m/C? Cause C•S would give distance not time, so D/S=T. Small nitpick, but still not a,b,c, or e. Love the vid.
0:38 - clearly, I was wrong about it and want to get it right, but I pretend that I haven't "explained" it good enough 🤣
So how do we harness the energy that's flowing all around us all the time?
this is why shielding your lines is so very important (especially if you're transmitting information)... is it possible to *block* the initial transmission until it gets through the cable?
Active scientific debate on YouTube. You love to see it
i love science wars
I still don't get the cut wire thing.
So does this experiment count as "field work?"
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
Pathetic Deric, it's a radio signal, THIS IS NOT how power is transmitted in a wire circuit! Thus, your explanation is wrong.
Wow!!!! What legends are here, in the description.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
Yes.... Feel the force, Fluke.
Ok NOW it makes sense.
So that means bulb would light up even in  light-second long disconnected wire placed close to a light-second long circuit . (for 1 second).  There is some current for a very small time in circuit with DC source and capacitor. I think same principle is described here
Nikola Tesla
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
One question I'd like answered is if the force isn't moving through the conductor then why can we over load them and in the process heat them up enough to burn away and stop the circuit?
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
The field moves faster/differently than the electrons... even as an armchair physicist it seemed to make perfect sense the first time. I've seen enough Quantum Field Theory documentaries to get the basic gist of it.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
This is what science is all about! Making a claim, having that claim challenged through peer review, and then either defending, correcting, or abandoning the original claim. You successfully defended your claim.  As someone with a decent understanding of electricity (enough to maintain and repair simple electronics and radios) your first explanation left me a little confused. But since I have a working understanding of capacitance and induction this new explanation makes much more sense to me. It actually leaves me wondering why I was ever confused in the first place.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
I'm in the field of Satellite communications and these videos further my knowledge of electrical theory. Honestly your work is the most accurate stuff I can find most of the time, love applying it to my own work.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
12:46 I thought electric and magnetic fields are one and the same thing :( what exactly are those fields anyway?
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
His proclivity to explore is that of an ancient explorer from a principality from circa bce. Yet his tendency of benevolence is that of an ancient explorer from a municipality from circa ad. Nonetheless shall your creative prowess prosper and the tides of history always in your favour.
Actually, after AlphaPhoenix experiment I (kind of) understood what is going on. Thank you, Derek, for such an awesome journey to the closest neighborhood of my school knowledge.
Wow wow wow, this was even more enlightening than the original video. Fields are really the key. I wonder what if in your circuit you used AC with very hich frequency so that the electric field is reversed just before reaching the far ends of the conductors. Woud  transmit the power to the bulb even with the ends open and ultimately light the bulb continuously?
never mess with a man with a budget
Checkmate!
It is a good explanation BUT in quantum physics electrons are absolutely not particles, have no locality and have spooky action at a distance.. all this is demonstrated beyond any doubt.. so this video and explanation is valid only 100 hundred years ago or for traditional physics..
So, what properties of materials make for better conductors?  Could it be what electron shell around the atomic center, and how many electrons exist in the shells of a material?  Are there not a certain number of electrons that “fill” each shell layer, and when full, make for a stabile, non-interactive shell?  Consult chemistry.  Can a field exist to propel electrons, but not enough loosely bound electrons are available (as in certain materials like ceramics, and certain alloys, and carbon).  Why are copper wires good conductors and porcelain or carbon resistors not conductive - resistive? Related to the outer “skin” of wires being the most conductive:  “Monster” brand cables made this claim about wire used in connecting speakers to stereo amplifiers of sound, and as a consequence made their cables with multiple-strand copper filaments - the assumption being that this lessens the resistance to rapid spike transmissions to the speakers, producing better intensity for bass notes and higher frequency pitch notes that rely on rapid response of the speaker cone movement.  Multi-Strand wiring can carry more electrons due to the increased surface area added by the outside surface of each strand, is the theory.  The bottleneck is the connectors at the cable ends, which again have a single wire post with an outside perimeter smaller than the combined perimeters of the cable strands.  Well, at lease you couldn’t blame the cable run for a bottleneck and resulting poor transient response, eh? Based on the theory of energy fields shepherding electrons in matter, I’m in trouble.  I live about a quarter mile away from three lines of high transmission AC wires and towers.  The EMF inductance is probably having an influence on all the electrical circuits in my home, and my brain!
Shout out to everyone who did the simulations and calculations and didn't just use the videos as clickbait to say Veritasium is wrong.
There are a couple of dirty tricks here to make the video cooler.( was very nice vidoe with HFSS sims)  1. Confusing voltage, power and energy. 4kohm lamp (unrealistic) has been chosen to end up with a small "voltage" ratio to minimize the difference in "power". With a 4k resistor, the initial power is 4mW, and steady-state power is 100mW (25 times more power). But if a 100-ohm resistor is used, the initial voltage goes down to 100mV( assuming transmision line impedance is constant), but the steady-state remains at 20v. 100uW compared to 4W not very cool (40000 times).  2. Sharp (nano sec ) switching to help produce high-frequency components to make transmission lines effects show more than usual. (No harm since they said they are not trying to be realistic)   4. Measuring he power on resistor that roughly matches the impedance of wire and then applying that amount to an LED separately. lED won't have 4k resistance   5. Wires look like large metallic tubes, not regular wires.  6. Capacitance in the measuring devices ignored.  7. Talks about wireless transmission and confusing AC with "step" signal. If the wires are open at the end (true wireless), the initial signal dies quickly since no actual wave is coming back. So, in reality, the Energy delivered by these capacitors only is 4mW*1us for a step signal. Which is very small.
The fact that a significant amount of people thought your claim violated causality pretty much proves that your original video is misleading. Technically correct yes, but quite misleading on several fronts. In particular, you mislead these people into thinking that the long wires were somehow necessary for the effect you were talking about when in fact they were simply a distraction.
Good video. But as James May says, noone knows how electricity works, electricity only works if we believe it does. Haha
Hey Veritasium I have just one question. Didn't your "Why we can't measure the speed of light" video contradict the idea that you can just "measure" the speed of electricity. Like wouldn't the button pushed for "current on" would only send the signal to flip the switch at the speed of light?
Veritasium : *says somethi- Evryone : wrong Wrong WRONG misleading Nö Not right NO Wrong Not true No WRONG!
Now it's correct and not just technically correct. One open question, though: Where can I order a LED with an internal resistance of 1.1kOhms?
thx for including the second unconnected wire and also the series of capacitors. The concept makes much more sense now; even if it still hurts my head.
Honestly, this feels like a moving of the goalposts.  The first video definitely gave the impression that you thought the light bulb would turn on completely, not just a small partial turning-on from the mutual capacitance of the wires, and that the completed (light-second-sized) circuit was somehow important to the effect.  If that's not what you meant in that first video, then you definitely communicated it badly.  Glad to see the record set straight on the science, at least.    Also, happy to see a shoutout for AlphaPhoenix; his videos are super good and need more love.
I don't know why I got so invested in the Scientific Throw down over these videos.
Ok, what happens if….  You and I are each a light minute apart from one another. I have a battery with me, in a circuit with a light bulb in front of you, which is one meter in front of your battery, which in turn is in circuit with a light bulb in front of me, one meter in front of the battery…  (In so much as we can call something the same time) we throw the switch at the same time for each of our circuits. How long does it take for each of our lights to light up? Can the distinct fields affect something on a different circuit, if the energy is transferred by the fields. One minute, or can it still be 1m/c? And why?  Thanks, this is driving me nuts.
Does the battery discharge faster when adding non-connected wires to the experiment? The Poynting Vector seems to indicated this.
brings me memories of watching bill nye... so cool
YOU MAKE IT COMPLETELY CLEAR AT 16:00! we always forget to capacitive, inductive effects in dc diagrams!
11:33 "... and I apologise for the casual use of units." Correction: it was a casual omition of units.    You proclaimed the answer as the inverse of c. Therefore, if the distance where 2m, 10m or 1000m, the answer would still be 1/c.    You never once showed relationship between the distance of the conductors (or source to load) affecting the measurements.    All you really had to say here is, "I f'd up on the units, here's how it really works..." and that could have been done months ago. That's what a 🍁would have done.
While this time it was mostly a misunderstanding, in general i love when scientific topics go back and forth between youtubers. It's peer review happening with production quality and an audience.
Im sorry this is the first time somebody make a video with this theory, can a habe permision to translate to spanish and add a espanish sub? thanks so much this information is pure gold!
I have an engineering degree and I didn't really understand this either before your video, so thanks, now I feel less dumb because I finally know how electricity works.
Derek, thank you and your supporters for the work you've done. As a physics teacher, I was telling my students that electrons flow in direct current. But I was having a hard time explaining how the electrons could sense the resistors and branch out as they pass over the resistors connected in parallel. It was clear that there was a problem. Thank you so much for bringing up such a fundamental problem. It is harder to break down prejudices than to split the atom. I learned that we have misconceptions on very basic points. Alright; 1) Does what we think of as charge flow occurs only in a negatively or positively charged particle accelerator? 2) Can the called Coherer effect be explained by the explanation you used in your thought experiment?
OK so this settles the debate - not 1/c, the older one, "is it voltage or amps that kill you" - it's neither, it's the field xD
Much better video than the original. In particular: - The effect still appears if the wire is cut on the end - The current is a fraction of the input and long term current - It is only temporary, after 1(+harmonic artifacts) seconds, the regime becomes what you expect with a regular open or closed circuit.
Love the deeper explainations and learning something new about electricity
Ben Watson, is he about 14 yo?
V=IR, lumped element model, this fits Space, Time, Gravity. Still deals in fluidity of Bosons?  Weak and strong 💪. I think your weak is strong. AHUM’M’@ Center the Big Bang as the battery 🔋  😊
I accept your apology. Your first video was at best misleading - at worst very much like those conspiracy channels.  Now, do an update on all the other videos where you show a random relationship with science.  It is probably hard to live off youtube even with more than 10M subs, but this doesn't justify speculative sensationalism. You have been a mouthpiece for such. You have been balancing on the edge of the abyss in such a way that serious people can't take you seriously.
Such crap AGAIN. If the charge density is null, there can’t be a magnetic field.
I am crying post this video
Excellent, much more satisfying than the original and probably one of the most accessible overviews of this topic
dope
One quibble with the new video that I have....If you look at 20:22 the  yellow line goes to five volts before shooting up to the normal voltage  when the voltage makes the loop through the wire. You can gauge how long  it took for the electricity to travel the complete circuit by looking  at how long the yellow line is at 5volts. From this information it looks  to me to be visually that the wind up period to achieve 5volts is  fairly large and larger than the 1m/c (?) answer that Derick gave. Or if the original current (20)v  takes longer than the speed of light to travel through the wire (I am not familiar with that), then this makes the wind up period in comparison even longer.
In one sentece: Any information (electric field) from any source (electric switch) to any target (light bulb) travels by the speed of light, depending the physical distance of those two objects. NICE and mindblowing! Everything in our (macroscopic) universe is ruled by this "law".
This turned into a really great explanation Derek, the writing in this video makes much more clear what you were saying in the previous iteration. So, from a rando on youtube, well done. I hope to see more ideas or concepts explained in such detail, really liked it.
The answer is “wi-fi” :P
Agree-very well done. BUT QUESTION: In the earlier video starting at 11:28 you finish the example of the transatlantic telegraph cables mistake (i.e., the conducting sheathing interfered with the generation of the needed fields) and then you drew parallels to the importance of keeping power lines away from the damp earth because the damp earth is also a conductor. If that's true, why are cities burying power lines in the ground to remove ugly power poles? Are they all making a huge mistake (presumably causing the loss of a lot of usable energy every moment going forward) because they don't understand it's all about the fields?
I still can't be certain I'm grasping this completely, but the whole concept seems more digestible here in this video.  I quite like the analogy Watson came up with!
This really went over my head
My physics class is using Matter & Interactions, it's a good textbook
It’s a Good Thing ::tm:: that energy is carried by the electromagnetic field and not by electrons. It allows the energy of the Sun to reach us.
When Derek said "the energy is in the fields", I laughed Hartley.
Sounds like you’re just learning about antennas, Derek. Of course there would be radiation of the signal to the other side.
The next insight you will hopefully have  is its fields all the way down albiet varying strengths. Even atom interaction with other atoms, the E field in your hand is what is actually holding your phone.
Thank you Derek
We have always been receiving free energy. Electricity pylons are wired Tesla Towers. We receive our energy from the Earth Grid and Aether. Its a free natural resource we get charged a small fortune for. Climate change due to fossil fuel burning to generate electricity is lies to try to guilt and shame us and keep us in low vibration so that we cannot connect to the frequencies of evolution under the new age of Aquarius. This is also the purpose of the pandemic.
this is too big brain for me
Electricity is crazy. Most people think working with any kind of electricity is dangerous or just not for them. The people that do decide to learn about it get a dumbed down version of this crazy physical phenomenon.
tldr
Random comment for channel interaction.
EAT IT! Great job Derek. Dont be modest, we know youre a genius.
Robert Feranec from Fedevel Academy made a video with some really good (and similar explanation as well) some days after your original video. Might be worth taking a look.
I’m thinkin’ now that from the 1st vid that you did & its feedback vids & now this GREAT follow up vid, can begin our journey thru a somewhat better understanding of Nikola Tesla’s everyday thoughts; fields & frequencies are just such fascinating topics of scientific study
Scientists come up with lots of elegant theories, but eventually, you have to do the experiment. Otherwise, it's not science.
2-0 woot! Derek the reigning champ of scientific showdowns
After you explained the broken (light second away) wire argument, this suddenly clicked in my mind - "it's just induction". Ofc, power transfer will occur, even if the wire is broken  And this, I think major cause for confusion among the technical people. Our brain has been hardwired to see "steady state" as the general case for flow of electricity and AC (or transient state) as a special case. Whereas, it should be the other way round.  Given a person, doesn't have deep enough knowledge of EMT, but if their mental model consider AC to be the general case, they should be able to right away figure out, that there will be an AC phase until the steady state finally settles in, and in that phase the energy source will induce a potential in any conductors around, and thus power transfer will start "immediately" (limited by speed of light).
Derek, please release video redoing the experiment using coaxial cable and comparing the difference.
59m
So why does electrons moving away or toward the surface of a wire make it charged?
Looking forward to another wave of response videos :D
Hi! You explain direct current! A capacitor is rupture in DC. The wirelless technologies, are AC (alternating current) systems. People says: yes, I understood how it works! But you didn't simulate an ac system.
Great video.  You did an excellent job of explaining why your answer to the thought experiment works.  Now I understand that the original video was a trick question.  It doesn't matter if the wires are 1m long, 1km long or 1000 light years long.  You were just asking how long does it take for the field to travel the 1m between the switch and the bulb.
Mind blown. Thank you, Derek. I feel enlightened.
Remember ELI the ICE man Voltage lags behind current in an inductive circuit as fields expand and collapse Current lads behind voltage in a capacitive circuit as charges build and dissipate.
Well done, the spirit of science.
I realized that the intuition that somehow EM fields must be responsible for transferring energy and not the movement of electrons may be because of not looking at electrical energy transfer as a thermodynamical process.   AT the microscopic (atomic) level the movement of charged particles (electrons, ions) can be driven by different physical forces, the electrostatic force, magnetic forces  or diffusion.  In a wire the electrons are moved by EM fields.   But this rises the question of what moves the electrons in a wire that is hooked up to a chemical battery, considering that batteries  do not generate EM fields.  The answer is similar to Einstein's explanation of diffusion.  Diffusion is directional (from high to low concentration) but this is not the result of a directionally oriented force acting in individual diffusing molecules or particles.  Instead, particles move in each direction with the same probability. Over time, however, this brownian back and forth increases the probability of finding any particle far away from its original location.  Hence, the spot of concentration is spreading out over time.  The energy that drives this is the low entropy : the energy stored in the uneven starting distribution.   The state of the system changes from a high to a low energy one.  In the case of the battery there are 2 oxidation/reduction reactions that are electrically coupled in the battery.  One requires an electron to enter the battery on one side and the other requires an electron to leave at the other side.  Both reactions are energetically favorable, which means that an electron at the first side is more LIKELY to transfer into the battery than to move outwards, and conversely on the other side.   Moreover, if an electron were to jump out of the metal wire on one end this would create a locally increased positive charge in the wire drawing electrons from more distant areas.  Since the electrostatic force is strong this can repeat itself only if the charge imbalance can be neutralized by electrons shifting their positions.  If we connect the ends of the battery (short the battery)  one end of the connecting wire is preferably losing and the other is gaining electrons and  this results in  a unidirectional NET flow along the wire. Of course any particular electron moves quite slowly along the wire but the net flow manifests itself very quickly.   Since current (I) is defined as the relocation of  a number of electrons multiplied by the charge of 1 electron per time, and potential (V) is defined as energy/charge ,   I*V = energy/time, which is electrical power (the amount of energy exerted per unit time).Consequently, I*V*time is the energy needed for (or gained by) the  transfer of 1Coulomb charge across a 1V potential for 1 s duration. Yet another clear evidence that energy is transferred by the movement of electrons.
You are not accounting for shielded wires. To conduct a legitimate test, you MUST use grounded shielded cables. The time would be slower following the speed of light for the circuit. The other thing ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY is the use of AC voltage that cannot pre charge the circuit as they are entirely disconnected from the circuit with zero potential in the conductors. You can use three scopes to time the AC pulse at the source, the load, and the terminus. I'm 99.9%  positive (without doing the experiment) you will get the same result without the possibility of the external field or potential built up in the conductors.  There's no other way to prove your theory. That's what it is even after the experiment. Using shielded cables and AC source voltage can prove your theory, as in law, because the time cannot be the same. My argument is that the time will be the same. The load is irrelevant, viewing the waveforms at the beginning, center, and end will very clearly demonstrate the exact differential in time infinitely using AC low voltage like 24vac. The circuit will be able to remain on and the differential measured repeatedly. A resistor/capacitor as the load is the ideal to eliminate leakage or field collapse spikes in measurements.  Regardless, to prove the theory you need: 1. Low voltage AC to allow the circuit to remain on measuring time in 3 locations.  2. Shielded grounded conductors to eliminate external field with the center run back as close as possible to the source to eliminate conductor length delay in the measurements. 3. An RC circuit in lieu of any type of light source for the circuit load. My experience tells me that the timing will remain unchanged even though it removes any possibility of the majority of the theory. Which means it breaks the laws of physics currently understood, and it will.
1.21 giggawatts
I am speechless.
I am an Artist. I know not to cross the streams/get shocked. Thank you for helping me to see/understand the field vs the wire. That is really cool!
Batteries never stay full charged left in devices. I always suspected something like this.
I want to know how there is no harmful cross interference in bundles of wires, like a vehicles wiring harness for instance
Nikola Tesla knew this about 100 years ago. He laughed at the notion that people would very seriously consider wasting millions if not billions of tons of steel to spread wires around the entire world, when it could be done wirelessly. Yet the steel industry thrived and of course one man cannot beat the whole game, so he didn't ever accomplish his goal. Imagine electric cars without the need for cumbersome, toxic, wasteful heavy batteries, or in phones now in your pocket. No chargers either. Or in houses, or anything really. Electricity would be also practically free. Any device would be on the network (electrical) at all times and would work batteryless trough wireless power transfer. Maybe inefficient, but still much more practical than billions of tons of steel in wires. This seems like an impossible notion, but so was the internet very recently in the '80s and '90s. People thought the internet is a gimmick. It would never kick off and people would never interact with each other, while here we are connected practically at every location on the planet at all times. This was thought possible 3 decades ago, but nobody seriously believed it.  The industry shapes our minds in so many ways, we believe only what we're thought possible and cannot imagine much beyond that at all. Ideas are quickly rejected, and thought impossible just because of the time we live in. A box into which you talk to hear your friend nearly instantaneously in a far away land, was something nobody would believe 200 years ago to be even possible. Now we can also see each other and in quite good quality. Humans lived 150000years before that, what could all those people before us believe to be possible? We have come really far, but we are very far from getting there. I would say we're probably not even half way there. And impossible things now, are probably going to be the norm or even outdated in decades alone.  Your grandchildren teleporting to Sagitarius A and near it's event horizon shielded from immense gravity by some magical device, as a road trip on a Tuesday morning standard Earth time might be the norm, starbucks still operates in a space station and has good lates, that remains... Things like this are quite impossible to grasp, but considering how fast we're advancing not impossible to happen however much insane that sounds.
I understood the first video clearly and now I feel pretty good about it. I saw all the videos put up against Derek's first video but all those counter-arguments had multiple flaws in them. Derek went some extra miles this time to tell them who's the one that does his research before making a video. Never doubted this man.  p.s. Those youtubers who said it violated causality must complete their science schooling before anything else.
I think we can all agree, electricity and magnetism are very strange things.   Having said that, Derek seems to contradict himself in about a minute and a half.  He starts by saying at 4:45 that you can take any volumetric portion of the wire, and the charge density is 0. Equal amount of electrons to protons. Then at 5:50 he say the complete opposite, saying the negative side of the gradient has more electrons on it's surface, to a deficiency of electrons on the positive end of the wire.   Those both can't be true. Unless he's getting super semantic with the former referring to the wire core excluding the surface effects, and the latter only referring to said surface effects, which would be misleading.
Just out of curiosity, what do you think of the Electric Universe hypothesis?
The way I have believed electricity works all my life has been good enough to explain everything around me, so pardon me, if in order to keep my sanity,  if I just put my fingers in my ears and say "La, la, la, la, la, la, la, (and so forth).
So .. this is how .. inductive charging works.. but only the first bit. Essentially the next video you need to do is show how the broken circuit can sustain that voltage on the other side. What does it take? OK . We know coils.. so this proves your theory and its really cool .. but you need to go the extra mile..
Thank for all your work! You help me become a better teacher.
One of your most enjoyable videos!   Gorgeous video - that lives up to you :)
I love these 2 videos, they make physics 2 make far more sense. I really wish my professors at FSU were as informative as you are. Thank you very much for all of the hard work and animations <3
Derek looks very smug toward the end. And so he should. Very good job, everyone 👋
I'm completely clueless, but does this mean even if a circuit isn't completed, as long as there is an electric field, light will still turn on?
Excellent explanation! As an electrical engineer and a physics geek, I do think about fields, esp. for PCB traces that we model as transmission lines but I never thought about the latency of a transient voltage across a circuit with long wires but a small gap from power source to load. Thank you!
Much better explanation.  Though I do take issue with the model of electrons flowing through the wire.  Electrons do not actually bounce off atomic nuclei like that.  That is not what causes resistance.  I feel like you fixed our intuition on energy but ruined it on current flow haha.
This video, and the proceeding one, is a perfect example of how to apply Cunningham's Law.  Post a video full of mistakes, gather the information from all the responses, and then claim that the new video is just a clarification.
So, what happens if you use a double pole switch to keep the battery out of the circuit at the start?  No charges on the wires before throwing the switch.
Wish schools before college would at least mention this
But wire has resistance too, a 16 gauge wire 3,600,000 feet long has a resistance of 14457.6 ohms.  A 1.5 volt battery could deliver only 0.0001037 amps to the LED across the wire.  I think the wire set up in space would have so much resistance that you couldn't even measure the flow with a scope.
As Cunningham's Law states "the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer."
Mind blown!
Hats off to you sir!
You know what an electric field constantly accelerating the electrons makes wayyyyy more sense then like a like line of marbles
I studied electronics in high school when I got to college the electricity professors destroyed everything I thought I knew about it, and one of the first was the misconception of electrons traveling through conductors. We carry out a visual test with high voltage equipment to see the magnetic field traveling through the air.
Also ich wollt einfach mal sagen, dass es ganz schön kacke ist immerzu Videos in jemandes NICHT-Muttersprache zu sehen und es ist mega anstrengend Sachen zu verstehen, die ich nicht mal auf Deutsch versteht! Grrr!
So if the wire was broken, you'd have that small initial current indefinitely? Or would you have the small current before the the field hits the break and reflects back, at which point it returns to zero.
Thanks for revisiting the topic. I an Electrical Engineer and I teach RF Communication Theory in the Evenings at a local University.  My reaction to your initial video was negative. Thinking back, I think it is more about aim.  My aim as an instructor is very clear.  I want to teach a subject and the students come to me for that purpose.  Also, so that they properly apply what they learned, I am careful to teach what, how, and why.  I don't think your original video did that as it glossed over quite a lot of important information.  I see that your aim is probably not the same.  Maybe it is primarily to start discussions (and get clicks).
People seem to have poor listening comprehension.  They only hear what they assume you're going to say, instead of what you are actually saying.  Whenever you have to create follow-up explanation videos, I always think to myself, "I thought the first video was pretty clear, but I guess it wasn't enough for some people."
Eevblog explained it as transmission line theory and said the energy doesn't flow until the field stabilizes. You still didn't contradict that. The bulk of the energy flows after the fields stabilizes (after the initial impulse). You asked when the bulb is fully on and still refuse to admit you are wrong. Even in the simulations that you show, the field needs to extend through the whole wire. What you show by using LEDs is irrelevant and misleading. The same would happen of you'd be using bulbs or LEDs. The ratio between the initial pulse of energy and the steady state would be the same and the LED woudn't be fully turned on until the field went through the whole circuit.
Next episode: why my previous video was wrong, and what is QFT.
What kind of lightbulb will turn on at the initial voltage but not be destroyed by the final voltage?
The Invisible Rainbow
Lol @ "The clue that this is a thought experiment is the light-second of superconducting wire extending out into space." It was a subtle hint, but I picked up on it.
Guys, this is better explained from transmission lines theory. Best course to take so you could grasp the subject.   Greetings from Eastern Arabia.
I glad not only that you made a followup video to clarify miscommunications and continue teaching those of us who want to learn- but also that all the people that posted rude response videos where they said Veritasium was dead wrong basically just got their asses handed to them because he proved not only how right he was but also responded to them directly with humility instead of whining about them being rude. Thanks Veritasium
Thank you for setting the benchmark for science education Derek.
Some of the explosive reactions were just absolutely foolish. I love the ones like alpha Pheonixs'. This follow up video was also awesome.  Thanks for the continued amazing content!
13:20 Disagree that an open circuit would induce a current on another open circuit. You don't understand some of the fundamentals of electromagnetic theory @Veritasium Also electric fields over the air are very inefficient. If your theory is right then we don't need large conductors and high potential differences to deliver MW of power all over the world. The fundamental point in this argument is - in order to deliver the adequate power level for the load you showed in the original video (a resistive filament light bulb) you need an efficient conductor to channel the field. Your initial hypothesis that the light bulb would turn on before the field could be established along the whole conductor length is still utterly wrong and misleading. Your attempt to demonstrate this with a low powered LED reinforces that you are still wrong. Please listen to your physics lecturers at the university. Not this guy.
The electric field permeates through material of equal permeability with the speed of light, reflecting off of the surfaces created by permeabilityborders. Am I wrong?
Tektronix Scope
So, it seems that this is fundamentally an antenna and RF model (at least until the field on the conductor takes over). It would have been fun to see the location of the switch moved around and the corresponding change in response time.
Should have used radio waves as an example.
This is how science is supposed to work. No funding biases or cherry picked data to fit a narrative, just people observing and experimenting, then debating their results with logic and reason.  It's okay to be wrong. That's how we learn! Sometimes being wrong leads to even greater discoveries, and being able to accept you were incorrect, or even just understanding that your explanation was misinterpreted and requires further clarification is fundamental to the scientific method.   I seriously love EE YouTuber drama. It's always entertaining to watch them poke holes in each other's arguments in good faith, and no matter who ends up being the most correct in the end, there's no hard feelings and we all come out a little bit smarter. Not gonna lie though, I do pick favorites. I'm an electroBOOM fan myself.
Don't know the right word, but I think the way he explained it in the original video was dishonest in some ways. Veritasium didn't explain that the wire behaved like capacitors and inductors in the original video, and didn't have to be connected. In this video Veritasium mostly pointed at the viewers who according to him were confused and just didn't have a proper understanding. To me it seems as if Veritasium was purposefully confusing the audience to boost his ego and viewership, but that's just my impression. Other than that both videos were good, didn't know about poynting vectors.
It would be interesting to see, if the circuit is breaked to the end, what happens with the initial (low) level of voltage, does it pulled down?
So this is basically the physics version of rappers doing diss tracks
So Parasitic losses turn out to be the way current flows...... ...
I bet that doing this again but with shielded cables would give some interesting results
So, we got it about fields and electrons. What about photons? How do they participate in this setup?
Educative and wholesome, great video ! :O
So wait a minute, if the circuit were broken say 1/2 light seconds away, when exactly would the bulb turn off? Would it turn off once the speed of light reaches the gap in the wire?
22:53  There is no quicker way to find the right answer than by posting the wrong answer.
Thanks  for clarifying  what my schools teachers couldn't.
I feel like I learned a lot here. These 10-20 minute deep dives are a lot of fun.
Your animated light bulb seems to be some weird hybrid between incandescent and LED filament.
Having watched both videos and several of the rebuttal/expanding discussions, I hold that you still should have simply acknowledged that it was a poorly worded question and tried to improve from there. My quick rant as a result, would be a brilliant conversation in person, hopefully not too PA over text!  Regarding the choice of components discussion: The debate you have relied on here that "14mW" of light is a "turned-on" lightbulb is still disingenuous at best and misleading. Any reasonable load that would be considered "on" at 14mW cannot reasonably be expected to also be considered equally "on" at 5 times the voltage. Clearly the vast majority of the voltage is seen during the steady state case, and thus it is as reasonable to hold up a bulb that will never turn on during the transient (which would be how most 'real' circuits would be designed, but that could have been a point of discussion if brought up better!). The argument around "for illustrative purposes only" is largely unneeded and nearly a strawman, as it is still perfectly reasonably to argue that without any clarification "turning on at any current" is misleading. *The component choice is irrelevant, the definition of "on" is what matters.* You have used (what I would argue is) a non-standard definition. ie that a voltage significantly lower than steady state, but arbitrarily larger than any noise, is 'on' and equally so to the steady state case.  Placing the video as a "thought experiment" does not change the situation where you have not explained well that we are looking at a transient. And again saying that this is not a question of "how best to wire a lightbulb in your room" is (I think) unnessesarially dismissive. It is on YOU to state that the goal is to describe how to make the light go on fastest, being called out that it does not make physical sense is a result of leaving out the perhaps 20 second explanation that you are arbitrarily defining a MUCH smaller voltage as "good enough".  Final Thoughts:  I feel that as an educational tool this all worked out fine, because of the other explanations and demonstrations. However, making the best of a mistake does not mean we cannot improve! The oscilloscope graphs were likely the most intuitive (and accurate) showcase of the phenomenon; I would take this as a demonstration that you cannot separate out a very specific effect (*without properly explaining that you are doing so*) without causing problems.  Possibly a much more useful goal of your thought experiment would be a discussion of transient vs steady state observations and "wireless" vs "wire guided" fields. The stated goal of showing that fields are the main actors is lost because the choice of "correct" answer has almost nothing to do with an "electrons flowing like water" vs fields comparison, but actually the question of "which field propagation causes how much observed voltage in the load". Caused by the less than desirable choice of setup given the explanation used.
Something that you, or Alpha Phoenix even, didn't do is move the switch further away from the load to show the difference in time it made. It was always static in the one dimension you were claiming made the difference.
This video finally made it click for me. I knew that people had been saying electron flow is not what carries energy, but I was never able to fully understand any of the previous explanations until this video
There is no such thing as a drift velocity in a metal, this is completely incorrect, the electrons make a Fermi gas, and their speed is of the order of some thousands of meters per second, the same as the velocity in a Bohr orbit. The drift velocity is known as the "Drude model", and it is completely wrong. There is nothing correct about it, it isn't correct in any approximation, this is a huge mistake, please fix it.
Now my head hurts.
So even a not connected wire would turn on the bulb for a brief moment? Would it drain the battery more? Does the battery drainage gets effecter on how many wires lay nearby?
The crux here is I agree with you conclusions and what is physically happening, but i think very differently about the nature of the events and I don’t like your analogies
Very interesting video, but you're definitely handwaving away the vagueness of your "thought experiment", where you clearly said that "the bulb lights up before electrons have time to course the whole circuit", and never addressed the fact that the full load does not occur until the full circuit has been coursed.  I mean thanks for your content, don't get me wrong, what you're doing is great, and you're right to accept responsibility for the misunderstanding, but I think it goes a little deeper than "I didn't explain myself properly". I think you were trying to make a larger point than the one you eventually made.  But as you say, errors are how knowledge progresses.
is this an explanation of wireless charging
0:21 shout out to Mehdi
Mate, your claim was the light would turn on. It was misleading compared to what people expect from a light. Why not use a light instead of a resistor to see how your stand-in works. BTW I agree with your science and math, but you sold it as a snake oil solution.
love it, great that you've been able to use youtube for this
Hey Derek, I love your videos more than any Netflix series.  Don’t get burnt out. 9 more seasons please!
Balancing a... what?  50K dollar scope? on the top of a ladder?  I think I'd find another way.  Can you say "well funded"?
The one thing that genuinely surprises me about this topic is the number of people who should (and do at least in theory) know better, and regularly discuss PCB designs and return currents in circuits.  I learned so much from listening to Rick Hartley about return current paths and fields, I would highly recommend listening to him.
Check out my homie Big Clive in the montage!
Literally nobody expressed misconception 1 or 2. And it was **only** your video that claimed misconception 3.  And as I said on the original video: The capacitative effect from 12V across 1 meter, will not produce enough power to light the bulb. I continue looking at the video, and will you look at that, I was 100% right, and you were literally wrong.  It's is *absolutely incorrect* to say that the light "turns on" from 14mW. The only way you get to declare victory in this video is by redefining every single word you said. ("for illustrative purposes only" is just rewriting history)  But in short: this means you were wrong. In exactly the ways that everyone was saying you were wrong. It wasn't a matter of not diving deep enough, but about giving an incorrect conclusion. Of course people are going to get hung up on your conclusion if the conclusion is that up is down and hot snow falls up.  *tl;dr:* You didn't say "when will the first power fluctuations show up". You asked "when does the light turn on". And the answer isn't 1m/c seconds.
So this proves Tesla's wireless power transmission?
I feel like the original suggested experiment didn’t explain all assumptions to be considered. In the end it’s just a question about the speed that EMF travels. I don’t think he was intentionally being misleading, just being a little loose with the game parameters.
Now I wonder why we get electrocuted. I thought it was the load of electrons passing through your body that hurt but now it turns out it isn't. How does an electric field created AROUND your body ( acting as a wire ) can hurt you or even kill you ?
Am I wrong or did they balance a $20,000 oscilloscope on top of a ladder?
Yknow - you could make a computer based on this   The low voltage could allow for a computer to function under the computer - so two computers at the same time
Amo a este carnal
Alpha Phoenix did that experiment you shloud do instead of claiming something. He opened my eyes and showed me on his osciloscope whats going on. 👍
it crazy how i brought this up in school and i was told i didn't understand electronics . i tried to explain it best as possible but they repeated saying that it wouldn't work like that. years later i found out about tesla's tower he was making and that he wanted to power the world wirelessly and thought to my self that's what i was talking about in school. then a few year later we started getting wireless chargers. and now this video comes out and explains it so much better than i did or at least tried. thanks Derek !
U should make another one but about wireless technology
Haven’t started the video yet, been working with electric for a few years and idk how it works. Hope this helps…
Very nice video.  This confirms the results of my experiment that I posted to the original video last November, 2021.  His oscilloscope trace is virtually identical to mine, including the overshoot.  You can find a full explanation on my web page.
All the haters are roasted
Excelente
This is giving me horrible flashbacks to electromagnetism physics class
I dont understand how the gradient of charge in the surface moves the electrons...
Both videos were amazing, and in truth even the people that “proved you wrong” still agreed with you. It seems that it was a great conversation video, and more videos like that should be created. It challenges the way people think. Especially people that could be in certain fields and have become mundane or stuck. Opening the mind like “Hey, we can look at it outside the way we were taught”   There is a lot of grad school science we are taught now that will be elementary in the future. So I love videos that change the perception of how we understand or see the things.
What I love about this is you explain clearly the difference between Electrical Engineering and Physics.  Engineers were complaining but largely without merit.  Instead they honed in on the fact that this wasn’t “important to EE”.  Sadly, that is too common of a refrain and great work Ansys and Ben!  You made it clear that physics is the science behind engineering and EE is the lumped element representation which holds, until it doesn’t.  Resistance was an empirical concept and not a scientific truth.  It is accepted as reality but it is only resistivity that is hard fact.  You can always use shorthand but truth is, Maxwell was right and Maxwell is the arbiter of truth.  Ignoring the nuances will give you a very handy mathematical model for quick conclusions but it won’t give you an analytical framework for all variation.
A world without mistakes has an approximate temperature of 2.7 kelvin. Great work!!!
Does this have an appreciable affect on microelectronics?
Witchcraft!  There’s no full bridge rectifier therefore it’s not valid
I love how much effort you put into finding and working with people who are experts in their relative field. Really gives a sense of credibility to your videos
Teaching always requires making a mental picture of the average listener, so there's no way it will reach everyone alike. So you shouldn't say "my fault". Thanks for your work and dedication!
Keep asking questions!
Cant wait to see the outrage this video or the answeres from other Youtube channels will sturr up 👍👍👍🤣🤣🤣
So I have a question just out of curiosity. If two separate circuits were next to each other, and one was turned on, it would light up the other one a little, correct? Is this why they put plastic seals around wires, to stop not only contact but transmission through the air? Hopefully that made any sense...
Excellent!! Well done.  Thank you!
I'm a physics student and I found something fascinating. When I asked my peers, whom have taken the electrodynamics course, we all got distracted by the math, so we got the answer wrong. People who have already taken Quantum Dynamics knew the answer right away, and also everything you clarified here. There's a lot of tension between engineers and physics in my college, son when I asked them they thought I was teasing and got angry, and those who answered got it wrong, then thought I was teasing and got angry. So I guess everybody has a bias, and that's why this was such a heated debating point.
Exactly! These principles are the how and why of RF transmissions that most people don't know. Even if people do know about both trains of thought around closed and open electric systems (Circuit vs Radio) even they tend to keep the ideas separate and don't consider that they are intricately connected with that base idea. You have pointed this out in such a perfect way!
Thank you for this video. This has clarified a lot of this topic that has never been taught to me in my life, and has likely made the understanding of electrical systems so difficult to understand.
I'm still confused :(
Great job! I was very skeptical about the last video, but I stand corrected. It's always great to learn something new
13:33 this is literally how inductors/transformers work.
The fact that I lack the intellectual tools to evaluate these claims makes me want to acquire them. Thanks for keeping me curious!
Would it be fair to summarise this video as "the two parallel wires act as a transformer before the loop starts conducting like a wire"?
Thank you so much for revisiting this! My main problem with the last video was that you didn't talk enough about the strength of the fields and amount of power hardly at all. You definitely addressed those topics this time and made your point much more clearly. While I appreciate the simplicity of the experiment you came up with, I do wonder if maybe there is a better one, since as you said people thought your question in the first video was misleading.
So, what does an Ampere mean?  (visits Wikipedia) Oh! the Ampere got re-defined in 2019 to mean electric fields, not number-of-electrons/Time. they changed Electricity 3 years ago and told no one! :)))
This was  one of the most fascinating topics I learned during electrical engineering degree... Wires acting as waveguides for the electric fields, loved to see the reflections of the waves as well in the animations... its so fascinating to observe that with the animations as well. Thanks for that.
Translation of this scam: Why did the chicken cross the road? Veritasium: UR ALL WRONG, IT DIDN'T, MEAT HAPPENED TO BE IN THE SHAPE OF A CHICKEN AND ACTUALLY IT HAD A GRAPE SEED IN ITS STOOMAAAAAAAAAAACH
Nobody: The smart kid when the teacher is wrong:
Electro boom still wasn’t wrong, he was saying if you assume that tiny amount of current would light up the bulb then leakage current would also do the same
Shout out to Alpha Phoenix, an amazing channel that taught me more about this problem so shortly after the first video was published. I've followed him for a while and I really hope your shout out to his channel gets him more traffic.
The picture at 18:52 in to the video is the whole problem I had with the initial video and that is still the case. Of course you will have interractions between wires thats what antennas do and thats something that is not new at all. The problem is that in the initial video (and somewhat in this video) the "thing" was that the lamp would turn on. This indicates that it would be able to do some real work. The reason you have your electric toothbrush or your phone charged so close tho is that it kind of doesnt do that much when its a distance between. Fact is still true.. Most of the effect (around 4/5 according to the picture) are not getting there until you have waited a bit more than the time for light to travel. Trying to shift it to say that this small thing would be justification for your original video instead of saying "im was wrong" is sad. Just say "I was somewhat wrong and I got corrected. This is how it actually works." next time
This basically proves Electroboom's point though. He told the light would turn on only a little bit in 1/c seconds.
I don't necessarily disagree, but I dislike that rather than saying "oops, I messed up my explaination," you're doubling down on "I was right but that's because everyone else isn't thinking of it right." Just accept that you tried to make a cool video about some counterintuitive effects and got called out by people experienced in the field.   Even if you're technically correct, your previous video was extremely misleading is some places, and it's more important to correct it and own up to what happened than it is to be right.  I like your content but I'm sad to see you take such a selfish approach to this topic
ive been waiting for a follow up on this
good job
Yes, experiment results are as I expected. The energy is carried by photons, the force and energy carrying particles, being equivalent to the EM fields. This is a very special transmission  line, because it is 1 meter long (hence 1m/c) but 300000 km wide and the medium is air and a vacuum.
I am really appreciative about you putting so much effort and time into explaining everything right and easy. Great team, hat's down! 👏  Thanks for posting!
IIRC what was absent from the previous video and I think this one as well, was specifying a maximum distance between the switch and the light. Maybe I missed Derek mentioning it but there appeared to be an implicit assumption that the switch and the light / load was in close enough proximity for there to be a significantly shorter path through air/space for the field to travel than along the wires. And in close enough proximity that the inverse square law wouldn't attenuate the effect below the level of background noise.   Since this was a thought experiment and I didn't notice this constraint pointed out, my instinct would be to assume that we are supposed to ignore it for the purpose of the thought experiment. I don't think that now, but that was my original assumption going into the thought experiment at Derek explained it. Perhaps I missed him mentioning this.  Can anyone confirm whether I'm misunderstanding this. The physical proximity of the switch and the light/load, as well as the wires, is important for this experiment, right?
A man of honor! Victorious in the end! That's what I love about modern culture of science.
why doesn't it light the bulb with the same amount of energy tho, is it cuz the field is further away compared to right next to the wire?
I gotta say, I understood the original video's thesis pretty clearly. Not saying much, just sayin'.
ofcourse the troll answer was "i generated 0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 watts of power when closing the switch and the lightbulb TOTALY GENERATED VISIBLE LIGHT GUYS TRUST ME". Buzz off man. Next you answer "Akshaully teh quarkz n bozons went kashploosh n neehhh"
I'm as dumb as a rock and I got your point in the first video.  Naturally, I couldn't explain it to others coherently, but that's above my pay-grade, as they say.
10:18 The way the charges distribute on the animation is representative?
Well hell, I understood you on the first video and it all made sense and I'm no scientist. Maybe I missed my calling in life. :-)
Transmission lines are pretty complicated so when you get to scales where normal circuit assumptions break down, it can get pretty messy.   I suppose that comes with the territory of making YouTube videos on topics that span hundreds of years of research and require several years of post-secondary education to understand.
This is a great example of the benefit of peer review. The original explanation was intriguing but left me with more questions than answers. The experts who made all the reaction videos brought up some good points and Derrick was able to identify the issues that were creating confusion.  He went back and incorporated all that feedback into a new and much better explanation.
I love how this served to show me that "knowing things for a fact" is a sign of comodity and actual ignorance , the curse of knowledge is that for every question answered at least two more should follow and so on. This video has made me wonder what else i'm "taking for a fact" because i've learned a certain way and not actually understood it 🤔
🤯 Amazing work, Derek! Thank you!
oh! 16:00 ElectroBOOM creates the same analogy with the capacitors in his video in 12:30! :)  edit: it's just a side note, something i've just noticed.. ^^ still in 4:00 this is imho the best ever explanation and visualisation how electricity works, and how electrons moves!  * - *  also another observation: mr. Rick Hartley sounds much like Mike from Breaking Bad :D
Rick Hartley was lecturing about this stuff years ago, to halls full of people who just didn't get it. Very well played.
I appreciate the effort that you made this video but the closer you get to the truth the closer they will be to Maxwell's laws and they can't be explained in a 20 minute YouTube video. Not even to electrical engineering students. You mention Coulombs force without explaining what it is and shortly afterwards you're talking about a shepherd with his sheep. It reminds me of Feynman explaining magnets. The only people who will be able to understand 100% of this video are those who already understand Maxwell's laws.
So, what is energy?
Good job.  Now fix the 'Speed of Light' video, by addressing the homogeneity of the CMB...
I’d like to point out the real problem with the question that people had wasn’t that it was in a technical sense incorrect, but that it gave a misleading impression of circuits that could be more damaging than helpful to one’s understanding. When alpha phoenix got your same result, I don’t believe he got it and was in immediate agreement with you. Because you did not stress that this was an induced current, which drops off over distance significantly, people got a bad impression. They would get an impression that if this were a square circuit, instead of a rectangle, you would see the same effect with the same voltage, but that’s obviously not the case. The induced current across a wire is not the most relevant current in a circuit and not what most people think of when they turn on a lightbulb.
I almost flocked from my science class but this video kinda made sense to me, so good job
Amazing explanation. Amazing response. This made me happy. This guy is amazing
Math Drama
The problem is not power but energy, you can get significant power but in very short pulse, so you won't notice any light and resistor won't heat up (in range that can be measured).
umbelievable!
These sorts of experiments once lead to the invention of radio. Transmission of energy between long parallel wires that are not actually connected (also known as antennas) should not be surprising to anyone in this millennium, right?
There are no electrons carrying electricity. Electricity spins around the wire that has a hole(of electric current) in the center attempting to squeeze out the hole. At the lights the electricity attempts to push the same current through a smaller wire squeezing out the hole and creating heat we see as white light. If this were not true then you need to explain why a coil of wire placed around a metal rod not touching it causing the metal rod to heat and glow white.
Going back to your original space thought experiment: If you had a lightbulb a meter removed from the switch like you already had, but also on the end of each arm of the cables (1/2 c removed from the battery) they would turn on later than the lightbulb in the middle right?
Yeah its why an EMP works.  Everything that can easily carry a current does so briefly and intensely enough to melt any delicate bits.  I wonder why it doesn't seem to interact with the nervous system.
If the lightbulb can turn on from the "not negligible" power from the  magnetic field, then by the time the actual current from the cable and battery reach the lightbulb, it would explode. Unless the initial power was so small, it wouldn't be able to turn on the lightbulb. There for the issue is that the experiment you demonstrated would not work in the real world as the power would not be the intended power from the battery
I think the clue that it’s a thought experiment comes when you say it's a thought experiment. Lightbulb, shmightbulb. I watched, because I like to see stience play-out, and see how much my brain can keep up, I know jacob-diddlemeyer-squatch about all of this.   Yeah, now that you mention it, it's the fault of anyone not pedantic enough to notice it's a house bulb and a small-engine battery. That's one on us, I promised we'll ignore what you're saying, and focus on your props better.
Please, please: How will it be, if the wire is not parallel to itself, but in a large circle with the same length as circumference? And second: What, if the bulb and the switch are not exactly oponing, but more and more aproaching?
nice job
Love your videos man!! Really appreciate your efforts.
I probably could have graduated in electrical engineering without knowing half these things. But the side of me that hungers for the truth, the physics side, would be much less fulfilled. Much love <3
The energy is transfereed in electric field induced by electric potential at two ends.   People often forget that range of such electric field is directly tied to conductor and distance, also to be able to transfer energy it needs to be oscillating and not stready otherwise charges inside conductor will align with field after initial interactions shown in simulations, hence no energy flowing which is same as open switch illustrated at beginnings.  No matter how you measure it, at any given instant you will not find it summing up, it's in transition at the moment and that's where all energy transfer happens. Current is a timed function, just like causality and quantum mechanics is pretty horrible when it comes to time, lets take a moment to consume this reality.   Darek wont initially accept that fields would propagate through the space between atoms because that's where it is the most interacting force. @15.48 he corrects this assumption and shows why wire that is 1m away would act like an Antena rather than a conventional conductor. Belive it or not, would he conduct same though experiment over C distance rather than keeping wires 1m apart, guess not. In reality the thermal energy of atoms would kick electrons out creating small eddy charges helping the cause, many factors are just taken for granted to prove nothing here.  Also this experiment only measure potential between two points and not actual current, potential between two point can vary but actual current will lag behind, just because it is function of time and not static property, that's where you have to think if the goals of experiment aligns with forced explanation or not. Tbh 10m wire would take ~ 33. 35ns to propagate casualty of fields from one end to another, in this case that would be ~16.675ns, you can see graphs and conclude, if current actually flows in starting 16ns or not. Ofc observer cannot take more samples than light speed itself and as mentioned by himself, this is misleading experiment which would make conductor an antena for very short period of time having energy propagate in 1m/c S,    Fact that source voltage takes about 10ns to ramp up kills whole experiment and conclusion. Also since it's basically an Antena you will see propagation at ~3.33ns and not at ~16.67ns, that's where this whole idea fails to address actual logistics. Once circuit is complete you can see wireless propagation stops and wired propagation takes over enclasulating whole thing, which should be more than 33ns because of resistances, clearly seen in scopes.  Obseving currents are as important as observing potentials, not by measuring potential and known resistor because resistor will act when reality hits it. Anyways obeeving faster than reality would break reality, so good luck!
Excellent!  I could not stop watching!  Oh sure we scientists can split hairs infinitely, but the general concept is proven regardless of the rabbit holes we dive into.
I have a thought experiment... how can you walk through these fields with out dyeing, but you touch the wire, and then die.
Some people missed the whole "thought" part of the thought experiment in the original video. It completely made sense to me when you explained it in the first video, I don't know why this is so difficult for some people to understand, and then they get all technical about it and miss the entire point. I'm glad you put the "wire spacing is not to scale" note at 19:46 for these people!
I really wanna see a demo with the wire not connected at the far end.
One of these days electricity will “click” in my brain, but right now it’s just not working.   I’ve compared my understanding to “basically electricity is magic, and electricians are wizards”  It’ll be that way for now until my brain can wrap itself around it.
"Well lookie lookie, Derek " What a legend ahahahah
Of course the battery transfers energy to the electrons. When I pick up a ball from the ground and put it on a table, do I transfer energy to the ball? Yes, of course -- even tough the ball didn't pick up speed during the process. And that's exactly what the battery is doing to the electrons when it moves them against the coulomb force.
As far as I know where you see the voltage being measured before it actually arrives at its destination is actually effects from the future, meaning you may actually be able to get information from the future out of a normal ass electric circuit.
Lets be honest here. This is the best excuse you had for stating the light would turn on. Your original video expected all energy was in the bulb at 1m/c. We know wireless power exists. What is "wireless power"? We know energy isn't bound by wires and there is always an em effect any time you create or modify a circuit. We are currently getting wireless power from the sun 93 million miles away. Tesla demonstrated "wireless power" over a hundred years ago. That isn't what you were talking about and this attempt to explain away a mistake without just saying sorry I was wrong is disingenuous at best.
This video contains everything I missed in the previous one. What a pleasure to watch!!
Congrats to the graphic designer 👏
This is mind blowing amazing
electrical current makes fields, and in reverse. You intentionally misworded the question 6 times during this video and the previous to intentionally mislead. This has the same level of obfuscation and convolution as the shrodinger cat, which is a HORRIBLE analogy that noone should ever recite, the same here. A lightbulb is not the appropriate element to explain your idea due to the time over current it takes for the lightbulb to heat up enough to emit light. This is just so wrong wrong wrong wrong WRONG. Stop being smug. Jeez.
What about short circuit spark?where does it came from?
Thank you for doing a follow up video to this, Derek. Such a great thought experiment and it was great that is caused so many response videos and engaging discussions.
Great video
now i understand something about electricity hhhahahah
Light turns on.  Light turns off. And some people now understand why. For me Light turns on. Light turns....😆 Cheers 🇨🇦
You have a wrong assumption at 13:37 using the other wire external to the circuit, it is not the same as when you have a circuit with a disconnect in it. Note the magnetic field from the first circuit is inducing a current in the 2nd wire. this does not happen in a circuit that is not complete. Current must flow in the first circuit to produce a magnetic field to induce a current in the 2nd wire. You may be correct about the electric field is the one that causes current to flow in a circuit, but your example is flawed in my opinion to demonstrate this.
Yeah literally electron have to travel through the wire to get to the other side of the battery, that is how it works.
i don't understand how closing the circuit actually is a change to current, if it is not necessary for the change in current to have a complete circuit. Why isn't there no electric field when the short circuit is open, but there is when the circuit is open on the far ends?
Dunking on haters i love it lol
Glad you featured alpha phoenixes
It was for me a marvellous moment of understanding. Thank you. Great Work.
It still took wire-length time to get the bulk of the current. Explain plz.
Woah, Yesterday I was thinking about that previous video and how I still don't understand and would have to rewatch it.. and today this...
you now like The Russia of science, you fought all those "science NATO" alone, where they keep telling you and the entire internet world that you're absolutely wrong, but you still persist that they don't understand what you're tying to do....this is very interesting, let's see who will come out victorious in this Internet science world war 1
So that what maxwell equatation looks like :O I always wondered ! Thanks
Watching all the responses from so many of my favorite channels was really such a cool side effect of the original video. So cool seeing clips of them in this video. 😊
So the final conclusion is that electricity is transmitted both by electric fields that are mainly channeled through wires, and source electric field which is instantaneous right?
Most people didn't have any of those three misconceptions. If anything, you implied them like anyone actually makes them.
Was Maxwell's Silver Hammer by the Beetles playing in anyone else's head after Maxwell equations were mentioned? No? Just me?  Yea I figured...
Thank you for so much great content. This particular subject is surprising and your video is revelatory. Great job. Now to go and use this information to start arguments....
This type of stuff was what made me study electrical engineering, now I work verifying software (pretty lame) but some day I need to go back to this stuff. Also I am ashamed because I didn't get the right answer and it took me a while to understand this despite having taken transmission line theory.  Great stuff man!
Much. Needed.
This is still a bad attack on the water analogy(which is imperfect but still quite good). The water analogy is not necessarily a analogy between water molecules and electrons. Which is quite bad. Its an analogy about potential energy and energy conversion(which is still imperfect) but very useful. This video is much better done but it never really fixes the problems with the original video. Which was attacking how we normally teach electricity to non experts as some kind of totally flawed thing by giving a misleading counter example. Like sure the water analogy of a light year long pipe circuit moving water in the 1 meter away pipe clearly breaks down. But that way of explaining electricity was always intended to be a simplification. And this video does not really address what was clearly purposefully misleading omissions in the original video designed to stir up debate. Edit: like seriously the thumb nail for this video still includes a fully lit normal light bulb as if he is proving his skeptics wrong lol
Naughty mr veritasium
I liked this. I remember my teacher in high school thought my the balls in a tube. One ball in and one ball out.
Yes
tbh the moment you showed the phone charging on the induction charger, my brain somehow understood that fields were strong enough to light the bulb
12:40 proves exactly what the critics said: yes there's a small current after 1m/c seconds but it's far from the full current. Just check the intensity of the magnetic field near the load compared to near the switch...
misconception2 can it be explained/ruled out by induction?
Excellent practical example Derek!
You did your job mate. You caused debate amongst experts and together you got to the truth and raised awareness doing it. You can't ask much more.
Thanks Veritasium. I've been slowly learning how electricity works and had the pre-misconceptions from examples, that have helped but painted the reality off by a bit. Last night I was digging back into the basics of atoms and the charges of the particles. Your explanation in this video switched on a light bulb to concrete my understanding of what you were explaining in the past video(and also this). Thank you so much! Please do more videos on electricity!
No way... I litterally re watched your last video about this yesterday.. 😂😂
Once again, not quite.  Yes you can get an induced current, but consider the same configuration with coaxial (or otherwise shielded) conductors.  The better explanation is that, essentially, plasma waves transport the energy through the conductors (highly collisional plasmas).
Thank you for always challenging the mind as well as our surroundings.
If the electric field causes the electrons to turn on the light when the switch is closed, why wouldn't a light in a circuit "very" close not also turn on as well?
16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. 17 For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because they have not believed in the name of God’s one and only Son. 19 This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. 20 Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed. 21 But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light, so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of God.
What if the distance between the 2 parallel wires is' C' or if the battery, switch and light bulb are along breadth of wires instead of length? Would the light turn on by 1 second?    Just like light which dimnishes in intensity as I go away from the source, wouldn't the electric field and the surface charge gradient decrease if the distance between 2 wires is 'C'? I wonder if such weak electric field density is capable of turning the bulb on in 1 sec?
shut up veritasium you got busted :v
😭 This is soooo awesome!!! Thank you so much Derek!! Love these videos. This is the difference between Science and you know what... The results are repeated by multiple people in reality and in simulations. LOVE IT !!
Technically correct.. the best kind of correct.  I understood the original video but greatly underestimated the effect.  Good video!
Você é uma pessoa muito massa, faltava só ser marxista
I think you revolutionized education
its amazing how good and accurate the content is!
I tried to explain this to my father, a retired computer tech and just ended up sounding like a idiot lol.
Great stuff again mannn
If the circuit is broken mid way, how long will the initial glow last?
As a physicist that first learned about electricity by building up this exact description during my degree, this all feels so natural to me.  However seeing how electrical engineers come at the problem from a much more practical view that was developed to make doing engineering much simpler has really shown me the brilliance of simplified practical models of physics.
Well done Derek. Thank you for admitting the problems with your last video. I think it all worked out great, I found some great new Youtubers that I subscribed to.  A few questions:  First: I would like to see or perform an experiment showing that "the bulb goes on whether the circuit is complete or not" 13:23. This is just so contrary to my understanding I want to see it in action. Would it be feasible to make this in real life? Any suggestions about how it might be accomplished?  Second: From an engineering standpoint any circuit would be designed to power the load at steady state. Why do we care if 5% of the voltage is at the load before that? What effects does it have on the circuit?  Third: Please explain in-rush current using your model? I don't understand why it would exist based on your explanation of how electricity works. Does the field lose strength for some reason later on?  Whoever made the lumped element model must have been a genius. I don't know how I'd understand anything about circuits thinking the other way. :D
1m/c is MUCH less confusing.  This was much clearer and explains something that I wasn't taking into account - I was not considering the parallel nature of the lines.  That's one of the risks of using a simplified model.
I think the moral of this whole story is STATE YOUR GODDAMN MODELLING ASSUMPTIONS DERECK!! If you'd put your original multiple choice question in an exam and put option e: Not enough information. That would legitimately be the right one to pick, because you phrased the question so vaugely it was quite unclear what you were even asking.
What actually made me understand what's going on was the visualization of the fields generated by that simulation software. I haven't had the first 3 misconceptions about electricity but having only ever dealt with the lumped model (in literally every single electronics or electromagnetism class) led me astray. We always acted as if there were no fields outside the wires, all charges were inside the lattice, and that the electric field propagated only through the wire. I'm amazed how physically imprecise, although still working, that model is. You've just brought real science back to education and for that I thank you.
I'm excited to know where do we go from here in so far as this seemingly debate of the year is concerned. Btw, outstanding work @Derek.
At the risk of this being a bit of a backhanded compliment, this really was one of the best Veritasium videos Ive seen in quite some time. It wasnt too long ago (After Science Asylums video.) that I wondered how _real_ Poynting vectors are and this clarifies much of what I was pondering.
Plutoid 733
How does this compare to using a shielded grounded conductor to carry the current? Won't this prevent the field from propagating and thus show how the field affects the circuit when using an unshielded conductor?
Can't wait for an ElectroBOOM vid on this.
I understood nothing but cool video
This must feel like Christmas for anyone that understands... I'm just a folk trying to passively bump up a few iQ points.
🥱
So.. magnets. -Jack O'Neill
I didn't get any of this xD
This was so horribly long explained. The bulb does not "turn on" before the expected time (according to cable length and lightspeed) because turn on means full power (or at least i have never heard it in any other way). You could have said "the wire 'induces' (induction is the closest thing that comes to mind, insert the name of whatever this effect is here) current in the wire next to it before the bulb turns on" and avoided probably a lot of confusion. In the end this was actually worse than my physics teacher ever was. I am disappointed.  The topic is definitely cool and interesting and what it means for electronics might be even more interesting, but the way you confused me actually got me frustrated and a lot less interested in this topic. And even though at the end i understood why i was confused, it was not a satisfying feeling, just frustration and a bit of anger. Maybe i will subscribe again later (probably once you blow up with something amazing again lol), but until then, please try to confuse people less.  Edit: i am disappointed because i could usually follow your explanations without any problems (albeigh it with some eye-rolling because some of the stuff is obvious to me, but i know you are explaining for many others as well), and so i have assigned your channel the attribute of having greatly explained interesting science topics. And this was not the entire opposite, but went against that attribute a lot. Disappointment might not be the right word, but i cannot put it any better in my current english.
It seems people are answering two different questions  1. When is current present in the resistor due to the changing electric field from the switch? 2. When is the DC voltage across the resistor equal to the battery?
Some people hear about fields and think Algebra, some people hear about fields and think magnetism and electricity, and some people hear about fields and think football. But today here we all are to witness the newest internet beef.
Now you know who is the actual expert/professor and who are just YouTube entertainer. Love each and every Veritasium video.
Okay, this video is way more clearer than the last one
Aether.
Not that I'm any kind of expert but wasn't tesla's whole free energy idea literally predicated on this? It wouldn't make sense if this weren't true.
Misconception all: There are many kind of state of the electricity. The electrons flow from +V to V- instantly whích called gas-electrons cause it almost free and stay at the surface of conductual material. As is the liquid electrons slow move after then the solid electrons. When the electrons move as same time the ions move alternate way Vs the electrons.
Thanks. This is a great video. This demonstrates that debate is needed... and that thedevil is in the details.
I swear to god that I enjoyed the comment section in every video that tried to "explain" what you said, this feels like an epic moment in the internet
thanks for clarifying, I learned a lot
Hang on sir, you said how long does it take for a light bulb to turn on, and it was 1/c seconds.  This implies it hits steady state of the bulb, which requires steady state of the electric field through the wire, not the transient field caused by the switch closing through free space.  That current is negligible.  I would have thought it would take c*the distance to the light bulb for it to see the transient, and then the time for it’s rlc step response to decline.  If the wire was broken it would never hit steady state, so did it turn on.
Makes me wonder what's the stop a bunch of people from just siphoning off power by running their own wires close to power lines...
YEP Electro Zap is 3rd world idiotl
This is how wireless charging works, right?
It seems pretty intuitive since when you connect the conductors to the battery, and measure the voltage across them say at the switch with the switch still open, that there is a potential difference between the ends of the conductors,.. the electric field inside the conductors is correct.  The part about the wires not even havig to be connected seemed a little confusing since you had been using DC current throughout the video.  As the magnetic field of an energized DC circuit initially expands it might cause a temporary electric field and current in the adjacent unconnected wire, but should die off after the initial expansion.  If it were alternating current then the elecric field could be maintained in the unconnected wire. And why some of the anecdotes mentioned by the transmission line workers happen. And the comment by the Rick Hartley at the end about knowing the impact of the fields.
Don't know enough about the science to comment, but a GREAT job keeping cool and letting work and research do the talking. Isn't this exactly what science and engineering are about?
This video's thumbnail is crap
wait, no way would you start having an electric field if you connect the battery to a broken circuit. if thats the case, then not connecting the battery at all will have the same effect. but then that means the speed of information can be faster than the speed of light.
the field is like the actor of balance... saying to the electrons, hey, its umbalanced there.
I've been waiting for this lol I don't know if this is a youtube physics fight but I also like when things get spicy and we get so many interesting explanations. I just wish people had been kinder in their replies, but you took it like a champ man, respect.
The reason I felt the answer was misleading was not because it was impossible to find a light and battery combo that would turn on faster than 1 second. More because if you have a 5V light, you would typically find a 5V battery to plug into the circuit. Instead, you had to supply 20V. If you had a light that required 20V to turn on, it would not turn on until 1 second after the switch was closed. My assumption is that the load and the source were rated the same. Not that there was a chance you could find a load low enough and a source high enough to make it work. You said "If you want to choose circuit components such that the bulb never goes on, you are welcome to do that..."  I'm not trying to find components to break your answer, I'm trying to find components that a rational electrician would put together in the same circuit. Nobody in their right mind would put a 20V battery and and a 5V bulb in the same circuit without additional protection... such as 1 light-second wires (and I guess also a switch that turns back off after 1 second). Just like Mehdi said, if you have a bulb with a low enough threshold, it doesn't matter whether there's a battery within the same galaxy as the bulb, it will be on. In order to make the thought experiment more interesting than that, we have to set lower limits. Otherwise, it's a meaningless question. The most sensible lower limit to me, was that the voltage of the source matched the rated voltage of the load.
Could you please make a video about the danger of the solar flare?
The thing I wish Derek would have shown is a scope trace on the same experimental setup but with a gap in the circuit.  People are still getting hung up on the question of, "Well, then does that mean that I don't even need a complete circuit in order to run my gadget?"  I *think* the result we'd see on the scope for a broken circuit is that the voltage would climb to ~4V at first, for the same-ish duration that we saw the first time, but then would go back down to zero instead of going all the way up to 18 volts.  It would have been helpful to see that.
I love the explanation in this video much more than the previous one. I’m an industrial electrician and while that’s not even close to an engineer or physicist I couldn’t believe you were right in my understanding of your explanation, that the magnetic field went straight from the power source to the load regardless of what direction the wires were run. I’ve seen plenty of setups where some equipment or shielding that would interfere with the field were in between the power source and the load. But this showing how the field will follow the wiring explains how it would still work.
This still feels "technically correct". I don't feel like this explained the "full current" that came "through" the wire (having traveled at the speed of light around the wire's length), and I feel that's useful for understanding how it's distinct from the near-instantaneous induced current, and how all those forces interact.
"that i didn't delve deep enough" ANOTHER LIE. you intentionally tuned the video to be misleading.
oh boy, get your popcorn! This is already a great topic for the educational youtube community to have drama about, but it’s made absolutely perfect for me because I’m currently taking the last electromagnetics course for my electrical engineering degree. Fantastic work!
you're so deceptive.
At last Veritasium hits again!
Please please do one with AC. This always pops up especially when thinking about neutral, ground, 3 phases... I can feel it clicking slowly with this new understanding
"the point of the thought experince" "was to reveal" LIE. LIE. the point of this video was to deceive, confuse and mislead, all of it was tuned to paint something TRIVIAL AND NORMAL, like a USB charger, into a fake thought experiment, you even edited the prof saying "you'll get push back" to make it sound like it was for another point. ALL THIS BECAUSE YOU GAMED YOUTUBE. sad.
So if there was a break on the far end of the super long circuit, the bulb would light up slightly from the created field that is radiating out and across the 1 meter gap but because of the break in the circuit once the radiating field reached the break in the circuit the bulb would then turn off again instead of turning on all the remaining way like it does in a complete circuit?
Man those YouTubers you showed are suffering from mental disorder and personality disorders ! I am sorry that they haven't seek medical help yet !!!
Once again I am aware of how little I know about stuff.
I miss the old Veritasium. Some years ago, Derek would explain these things in a simple, 6 minutes video, which would also include the experiment to prove his claims. Or he would do a challenge. But now it seems like there is first a controversial video. This creates some response videos (which also generates views on the original video). And then Derek needs to make such a 'clarification' video, where he shows, that he is right. So 40 minutes of video, but only 6 minutes of actual content. Maybe that's how you need to it if you want to survive on YouTube.
Oh come on, you matched impedence... That's the most efficient way to transfer energy through a capacitor by far. Admit you were wrong. You were wrong in the first video and corrected your version here. But still the light bulb wouldn't go on with a standard DC battery and a standard impedence lightbulb
Cal tech smart enough to measure differences of nano seconds, but still use aluminum ladder for electrical work.
I learned allot from video as well as comments ...
"we assume it's a super conductor" ........... wouldn't that impact the magnetic field and electrical field, what would that look like over 1m on a true hypothetical  "the 2 light seconds of wire" - was the red herring you're such a liar. a liar.
if you cannot explain something to a stupid person ... than it means you dont even know what are you talking about ;)
I'm still bit uncomfortable with this video. 1. You cannot completely separate electrons from electric field, since they are the source of the electric field! 2. "Zero" charge density (in some frame) does not mean the electrons doesn't push each other. Just like watching a train, in your selected frame the number of cars is a constant and still they do push/pull each other. Cut the wire and the electric field continues over the cut, but no electron drift and therefore no current. And the same with plastic, it does allow electric field to pass, but it does not allow electrons to move. No current. In capacitor the same thing, as long as the electron density matches the power sources, the electrons and the current stops.
Maybe I'm wrong, but I think, what we see here is just a simple transformer. Once we close the circuit, we the electric and magnetic flied changes over the switch (before zero current, after non zero current). And this induces the flow over the light bulb. So this this the effect, that Derek wants to describe. This should be the explanation around 16:00, but somehow this is phrased too complicated here. Please correct me if I'm wrong.
A video I've been waiting for
Funny how I'm learning about electricity
Once again Veritasium shoots a wave of science through youtube and youtubers alike. Truly a highlight of what the information age claims to be
Great vid
Electricity was for me the most difficult stuff to understand in university physics course and more it is explained for me less I understand it. Also I worked with equipments that had electricity induced noise that should not be there so paraphrasing others saying, electricity is a haired beast.
But why don't we get electrocuted by simply standing near a wire?
When I first saw the copper pipe I thought it was going to be some kind of shielding for the actual test wire.   That would be a whole new experiment on how to reduce side effects of induction across parallel lengths of wire.
You still make some errors. Not the field guide the charge but guide the field. This is the reason why we use circuits. Yes the field "carry" the most energy but you can't separate those from each other in that case. They form special "liquid". As analogy you can say that in a pipe of water the pressure carry the energy but without water there is no pressure. You forgot to mention that there is very little field inside the circuit because of the free charges. The amount of the field inside the circuit is proportional to the resistance.
I was unaware of this phenomenon. It's pretty amazing.
you're such a liar
You are pushing too hard on a click bait and trying to convince everyone that this is something special and unknown territory.  If you just stated from the beginning that this could be modeled just as transmission line or a capacitor, and that every electrical engineer should know this already - there would not be a controversy.  But you are trying to make it seem like it. Like you have opposite view of all other engineers and scientist. Meanwhile everyone else just trying to prove that initial intuition is in fact right and there is nothing special about it. What I gathered from your original video is that you were saying that steady state will be reached in 1/c seconds. I guess this is the reason why so many people got triggered.
No Regrets, the other video was great too!
Another lie in this video is where you say "toothbrushes and phones can charge without wires" - THIS IS A LIE because you are deliberately pointing people to "wireless charging" - again obfuscating the fact that you've made 60 minutes of INTENTIONALLY MISLEADING CONTENT, in what amounts to "how does a USB charger work". IT's a LIE to talk about wireless charging when THE BIT IT'S PLUGGED IN TO is ALL YOU NEED to explain this, every power brick and usb charger is all this video is explaining, not something controversial, and BECAUSE you choose to talk about wireless charging, and not just a normal usb brick, you're lying. again.
A bulb will not light immediately, but a LED will. (nanoseconds). Hmmm. What can we use that for? Traffic lights? Early green on my side!
I feel like watching a doctoral thesis on Youtube. But also kinda understanding stuff. Great.
Oh this explains why you shouldn't leave batteries in all the time if you want to extend their life.
18:07 Shouldn't you have put a 550-ohm resistor as termination rather than 1.1k? If you have two T-lines with Z0 characteristic impedance in series, you would still have a T-line with Z0 characteristic impedance, not 2*Z0
Extremely well explained.  As always.  Wonderful how much online interest your initial video generated.  As a physicist, long in awe of Maxwell (and Faraday), and the concept of a field, I've greatly enjoyed all of the responses to your initial video.  Bravo, Maxwell!
I'm sure there's a lightbulb joke here somewhere but i'm just not bright enough to see it
I can honesty say that you are one of my heroes. Thanks for all your videos.
alpha phoenix is a great channel you need to subscribe to.
ok now explain groundlooping from complete shielding of source wire in audio applications. and why it doesn't happen if you only ground one side lol
👍👍
He just ended those mens whole career
A good demonstration of how a waveguide functions and the coupling between the two parallel conductors. By the way, since the waveguide was terminated into its characteristic impedance (1,110 ohms), you should have seen very little external interference, just as you observed. Those of us who design antennas shouldn't be at all surprised by your findings. We've known since the days of Marconi that electron flow is a surface wave function. 73 N8QH
But you said the wires don't need to be connected for the fields to interact and the light to light up. Where's that test?
This is really cool and well done.  Thanks for putting it together.  Why does the load voltage (yellow line at 19:09) overshoot the 20V and go 25 V?  Is that some kind of momentum carried in the fields along the wires suddenly crashing into the load from both sides?  Also does the massive jump from 4V to 20-25V take place right when the speed of light traverses the whole length of the wire?  I assume that jump would only take place if the circuit is not broken any any point, and thus you find out the question of line brokenness right when speed of light causality says you should.
I have an idea:  Why don't you do the world a big favor and STFU about things you don't have even a small grasp of?  It's been known for 130 years that some energy goes directly across, by either magnetic induction, or electrostatic induction, or together by electromagnetic waves.  But that amount is trivial.   In fact, virtually useless.  You show about 20% of the voltage making it across.  That's about 4% of the power.    Useless except in the most trivial cases where transferring microwatts is acceptable.  In the 1910's this was actually tried, by charlatans  not unlike certain YouTubers, as a way to transfer power.  With 20 miles of wire on each bank of a river.  A little bit of power was shown to go across, but real scientists like Heaviside showed that it was just due to induction.   We are now 110 years past that bunk and debunking.  You'd think the issue would be settled and done.  But there now is  your original video which is highly misleading.  In reality the bulb would light up to 4% for a few nanoseconds.  While you were suggesting like full brightness.  Most people would call that "just plain wrong".   In science we have to be carefully quantitative, not just bandy about words like "lights up".   Science, not your claptrap.  Also your experiment is very flawed.  To do it correctly you need a $7,500 differential scope probe like the Tektronix TDP7000, with sub-nanosecond risetime, not what look like 400Mhz (2.5ns) probes, of unknown matching, of unknown impedance, unknown shielding, and with no visible ground system.   I'd estimate the probes are 50 times less capable than what's required to do an actual quantitatively valid experiment.   Plus one needs to do a slew of null experiments beforehand.  What you did is not science in any way, it's a slapdash pile of claptrap.    I hope you donate your Youtube income from these videos to  some charity that does actual positive helpful scientific things, to compensate for the confusion your videos spread about.
Watching this debate without (serious, obv humorous responses aside) malice or 'because-isms' was so awesome and refreshing!  nice job on throwing that thought granade into the Tubes-of-You.
There is an Aether . No such thing as an electron. Idiot Einstein has mislead everybody that’s why science has reached a dead end great job.
This explains what was going on when I used a Realistic voltage detector to prove the circuit was safe before handling the wires.  It was confusing because an ordinary vom meter showed 0 voltage when the switch was off.  But the bulb on my detector would light up.  Now I know it was sensitive enough to detect the electric field which was still present when the switch was shut off.  Thanks for explaining this.  That had bothered me for the past 30 years.
I think a lot of people would be less up in arms if he'd said only a fraction of the final current would flow in 1/c seconds in the first video. That said, he's right that we are all richer in knowledge because of this omitation and the resulting videos.
never doubted you <3 i saw a few videos that responded to this, and it was clear that they made assumptions and misinterpretations of what you were talking about
A lightbulb moment for me! Thanks :)
This is getting ridiculous. Clickbaity and controversial for no good reason. You don't need a silly setup like this to explain the physics of what happens and you continue to make significant errors in your thought experiments and simulations. Introduction of unnecessary and overcomplicated abstractions like the Poynting vector don't make it any better. So let me sum up the main point: Current is propogated by surface charge, but for significant (or continuous) flow, requires a closed circuit, since the mechanism that propogates the surface charge is still electron movement. Simple, right?  For those who care, let me expand a little: The simulation with the "unconnected" wire is NOT the same as the broken circuit you're comparing it to. In the broken circuit example, the field would propogate along the unconnected segment that has now been connected to the battery, but since the wire is "neutral" and doesn't connect to the "charged up" section of wire on the other side (since it's not a closed circuit), the field generated is minimal and only on one side of the circuit. The system will then very quickly reach equilibrium again. This is not the case in the simulation, where you have a full circuit and another separate wire. Another way it differs is that it doesn't have the switch.. This is significant because the field propogation begins at the point of connection, where the circuit gets "closed". In the simulation it's like having a switch on either side of the battery, but then surely the wires begin in a "neutral" state and are not pre-charged as in your explanation. This also raises the question of the field propogating through the battery vs along a wire. What is the field propogation mechanism there? All a bunch of unnecessary overcomplication, requiring explanation on top of explanation.  Perhaps a more interesting thought experiment would be to have a wire with graduated conductivity, so the centre conducts well, but the outer surface doesn't at all. Is the current still propogated by surface charge and if so, where do you determine the "surface" to be?...
Haven’t we know this for decades? I still don’t understand why electric schematics are written backwards though.
First of all, I want to say how much I appreciate that you admit when you were not clear enough and will rework the subject. A beautiful quality to have!  Second, I think that Ben Watson's analogy is brilliant! It's very simple, yet it's also accurate. I wish I had seen electricity in this way much sooner (well, when I had my exams, 5 years ago ... oh well!) Last but not least, I wish my physics teacher had taught in a similar way to you and other creators' videos instead of "I worked at CERN, it's easy, and you just have to work more and use your brain a little bit". I was not bad at it, but they kind of left a bad taste in my mouth. Thank you for taking that bad taste away and making learning about physics fun and interesting! I also have to thank Diana and Bruce, from the French channel e-penser, for doing the same!
Veritasium in the last year or two has really revived my hope that youtube science can be more than either crazy conspiracy videos or purely informational. He's doing the closest a pop-scientist has done to science since the mythbusters, and he's arguably added the important step of peer review into his process.
Here is my conspiracy theory: He made the explanation in the first video vague on purpose to get the community more involved and was planning to make a follow up video all along :D
When Derek says "You don't have to take my word for it" (21:28) I desperately hoped it would cut to LeVar Burton.
The issue people had is completely valid and watching this video has made me lose a lot of respect for you. As an electrical engineer I immediately called bs when the first video launched saying "Its just a really low efficiency capacitor you will only get a low amount of energy on the other side". After backpedaling and giving a 15 minute explanation as to what a capacitor is and disrespecting other content creators you proceed to show a model as proof that its not just leakage current, a chart that rates 10% efficiency as the halfway point on the color code. As these models are meant to show ideal scenarios the MOST efficiency you could possibly see in a circuit like this according to the models you provided is between the 8.5 and 11% mark. That is leakage current, I've dealt with leakage through unconnected circuits when something is unshielded that had worse leakage than that. Anything you say other than "oops ive made a giant, inefficient capacitor that leaks current onto other circuits" is completely invalid. Because this isn't a circuit that turns on a light anymore, its leakage from putting a 1000v circuit next to your light bulb and being amazed it turned on your 120v light bulb
now make this video again so an idiot like me can actually understand it...lol
Adding the capacitors in just made everything click for me! Great job in explaining everything and bridging the gap between E&M physics/Maxwell's equations and standard EE circuit models!!
What if you had something in between the wires to block the electric fields?
Terrific explanation. This is the material my old professor used to explain but I did not fully get the first time.
This is a dis video, yeah? I can’t be the only one who interpreted this as the most graciously savage hit on the haters.
Just absolutely phenomenal.
Why the circuit needs to be mounted way above their heads, necessitating a ladder? Why can't they mount the whole thing 3 feet from the ground?
Amazing video. But now I wonder why we don't see bulbs flickering all the time considering that the circuit doesn't even need to be connected to the switch.
Absolutely correct,  keep it up, people like you will guide the path for better education and away from Sheeple's universities
It's like saying that the Energy in a water dam is in the gravity field of the earth
I guess the attention grabber from last video was too effective and ended up being the main point we all took away from it xD. Good job, I somehow felt much more focused on your point in this video
As an engineer (mech) i feel like with the plethora of tools and shortcuts we have at hand, we often got too arrogant and thought we know how the world works.   This video proves that with too many shortcuts, we can be misled as to how the world ACTUALLY works.
19:28 Nice try Derek, no offensive I definitely take your apology at the end, but you have to know that a lot of viewers are less experienced on those topics (that's why we watch) and your bulb implied that it will glow instantly the way it did in your video. I think a lot of people know that electric fields carry current, since we know about electric coils or wireless charging. The bottom line is the bulb will only glow in its fullest the way it supposed to glow when the electric field is carried all the way around the wire, thus your teaching in the last video was in fact misleading and unclear, as it implied full current almost instantly. It's fine to clear things up and I respect you for that, nobody is perfect and your content is great (I keep learning and learning), but please don't claim that your point was the time until any current flows in the bulb for educational purposes, since you apparently also didn't care about leaking current on a switch, because you assume it was "neglectable".
Derek needs to be more thankful he has so much interaction from the wider science community, being a bit humble couldn't hurt either - great video none the less.
electroboom was on the same page :P
oof the pucker factor as he lifts the vector analyzer up the ladder... i think it's just a 4 GHz model but probably still the price of a small car he is casually throwing around.
I feel like you could've added a section about how electrons arn't actually in the wires and can actually be quite far away from the. But, that might have made it too long
as an electrical engineering student  i love seeing more of those debates!
this is what the OLD YouTube meant for entertainment plus learning .
Lol I love how in science youtube you guys debate with videos and we end up with ever-more-precise-and-correct videos constantly
That's what I like about science Youtubers. Respectful and not angry or shouty as the rest of the platform. Great works. 💪🏽
its about time thank you. by the way stienmentz (sp) wrote all this in 1902. just because people grabbed a little of the knowledge and made money,  Does Not mean they were correct
If only we could get free electricity 🤭
There is no such thing as a mistake, just heightened, extra awareness through bravery and courage to attempt to understand. Thank you for going down this rabbit hole which lead to other rabbits. P.S. really interesting to see those visualised simulations of electric fields! :)
I believe that's why it's called current ( broad term ) but it was most likely understood, even taught in a erroneous way.  The more technological advancements we make the more we learn and can explain simple processes in a detailed fashion.  First video I was not accepting “how it was explained” due it being understood wrongly.  Definitely revisiting the subject made it much clearer and thus invited many to pitch in their knowledge. XD great job
Instead of digging, you should really just apologise for your click bait. Eevblog understood your claim perfectly: the moment you close the switch, a step change is created and that radiates through space. The far wire picks this up like an antenna. But all you get from this is at best one faint blink of light until the E field has time to go all the way around along the wire. The light does not stay on continuously, not even faintly, as long as you use a DC power source. So yes, there could be some light, but this is not how a normal person would interprete your claim. Your claim is deliberately misleading and you do this for views at the expense of good science. You should really be ashamed.
The effect of the electric field traveling through the space between the two long wires, as the effect of the induced magnetic field are both very weak.  You can see that when you try to light a bulb that way (without connecting of the ends).  Normal lights won’t light by that.  This effect really is that fast, you are right, but it’s not what makes real lights turn on.  The real deal of lighting the bulb is done by the electric fields being established along the cables, and _that_ takes a second for cables of 1ls length.  I don’t think many people really believed that _no_ effect was measurable in 1m distance :-/  They talked about what normal people normally mean by switching on a light bulb.
kudos for the closing. because it's rarely a "box" (vase), when so many made it a collective.  more please
Stephen A. Smith: You're wrong, and here's why.
Alternative title: Veritasium destroys haters with facts and logic.
Can someone say "Mic Drop!"  Derek was right. :D
Did this answer if it was 1m/c seconds? That would be 3.3 nanoseconds but it doesn't look like 3 nanoseconds on the scope
WOW this is an amazingly clear video.  I think you just inspired a generation of electrical engineers with this explanation of how electricity actually works!
You never explicitly states the wires had to be parallel. That's the problem. Your thought experiment is 100% dependent on the wires being in parallel and close enough together. Move the wires further apart from each other and eventually you'll get no voltage.
Great science, and I like the engineering with all the open wires. However since most wires are insulated so no outside electrical field effects it, we lose this intuition.
Emmm, point on 13:10 seems like magic. I mean, would not it mean that break in a wire would still allow a light bulb to work?? While they usually do not.
I am wondered that  a physicist won an argument on electricity against electrical engineers.
Very well done. My degree was in Electrical Engineering in 1984, but my career was in software controlling hardware so I never got much into the real world physics. This really sparked the EE part of my brain.
Amazing revisit, nice work giving the topic justice. Kudos to the community response, very illuminating videos.
It seems like you just find out that when you are wrong on the internet you get more reactions than when you are right...
I believed you Derek, and I came to that conclusion after watching a few of those other videos like ALphaphoenix where they replicated the experiment. Insane, the amount of amazing science stuff I've learned from Youtube over the years, truly enriching my understanding of the world and my life!~
Incredible!  This guy is a true scientist. I love how humble he is.
I think Derek got a few grey hairs over this one
So its its distnace over the speend of lgiht to determine how fast it will turn on. Magetic files have a range before they drop off. How far apart would the wires need to be for the the time before the light turns on? or does this not matter at all as it only requires the smallest field possible, if thats the case though why wouldn't everything always be on? Or is the lightbulb always on just dim enough for us to not register?
I will only accept this explanation once you show me that blocking the external field can block the flow of current.
So basically to the regular electric engineers nothing has changed, the electric field does spread faster directly to the bulb than a current that is following that field all the way along the wire, but its is still the current that really lights the bulb with the intended power, rather than the the unguided electric field with its puny force.
"The best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer." -Cunningham's law  Or what sounds wrong, at least. I was very happy to see this follow-up, nicely done!
So this is still pretty BS then, you're not getting full illumination until later. Sure the field gets across the gap fast for a smidge of current, but not until later do you get the entire amount that's traveling down the wire.
My brain matured after watching this video
this is a great example of why free speech is amazing :)
This still hasn't addressed the thing I'm most interested in, which is whether or not the early voltage is the result of an induced current.  If the wires are as close together as your original thought experiment and the experiment in this video, of course voltage will arrive early; the wires are interfering with each other.  They need to be far apart enough so they won't so we can see if the effect is actually happening as you're describing it.  Or is this a case, just like the first video, where your description is unclear?
Much, much better explanation than the first video.  I had actually given your channel a 'vacation' after I watched the first one because it was so unconvincing, and very incomplete. Vacation over.  YouTube let's you have a redo!!!!  I'm glad for that... kinda missed Veritasium.
Geek fest
Your passion is an inspiration
Don't you just prove it by measuring a resistor at the ends of the circuit. Using a electron energy model, the bulb at the end will light in half the time. Using the field model they will light up 5x longer (with a 10 m loop).
So you were wrong. Seems you said it at 6:59 exactly what I said in your first video!   But that wasn’t the answer you said was correct! The electromagnetic field travels down the wire at or near the speed of light. So if you have a wire 1 Ly long it would take 1 year to get to the bulb. Sure your emf travels across the meter from where it starts but its power drops off so fast with a single wire that it’s negligible to the lightbulb. I think the problem with your first video is while u were technically correct on a theory level, that is-you’d be able to detect it at the bulb with a instrument, the realty is that it would take a light year or a little longer for the bulb to actually turn on.
This is a great follow-up. One missing piece: What is the effect of having the wire connected or disconnected? I buy that this effect doesn't break causality, because you get a small effect immediately even with the wires disconnected. But clearly you get more electricity once the field has time to propagate all along the wire. Why? If the wire is disconnected, will the bulb eventually turn off, or will it settle at that low current and be stable?   In other words: from this perspective, why/how does the wire "concentrate" the field? What changes when the field propagates in a closed loop? Cause right now this effect feels like a completely separate phenomenon from a "standard" circuit, but Derek seems to be claiming that you can understand the whole circuit in this way. If that's true, how come one phenomenon requires a closed circuit and the other doesn't?
science explainer explains science again after explaining science poorly
this made me think about the city lights: they always light up softly at the beginning and then, minutes later, they actually become full bright. and I think now i have an explanation for this! and that's great!!
The thumbnail is so simmilar, that I realized it just now. 😅
Derek was trying to save face by saying the light bulb in the original thought experiment was for "illustration purposes only". Ok 1/5th the power arrives , but that's not "on" from his initial thought experiment. The real world experiment showed the answer was neither on or off, but rather "turning on"
Thank you for adding Rick Harley into this video.  He is one of best when it comes to printed circuit board design.  I am also glad that you created this video (and the prior video) because you brought to light an issue that has been causing havoc with the creation of high speed design on printed circuit boards.  It is not just about getting the signal from point A to point B while maintaining its integrity; it is also keeping the fields they produce from interfering with other signals.  As Dan Beeker, another PCB guru has stated, "A building has halls and walls.  We walk in the halls, not the walls.  A circuit has traces and spaces.  the energy flows in the spaces, not the traces."  And of course, if you really want to get into it, refer to Dr. Eric Bogatin's book "Signal and Signal Integrity."
Did he just insinuate that an electric field is not a changing magnetic field?  Also, good luck having any changes in the electromagnetic field without electrons. The energy may be carried by imbalances in the field, but those imbalances are themselves created by electron densities. That's like saying travel times aren't delayed by cars, they're delayed by traffic! Waves aren't caused by water, they're caused by pressure!
Computer science next! 😍
I literally got my degree in engineering a year ago and I'm fighting this so tedious. I know it's absolutely correct but my brain is too stupid
Do you know why the lightbulb went to jail? He was charged with battery.
Now intuitively know how wireless charging works
I'm about 10 minutes in. I'm still not buying the explanation. Because if I put a magnet along a wire, with this explanation, the light bulb would stop working.. the flow of electrons would be so confused by this magnet.
Very cool, very cool... awesome.
So you don't need high frequencies to produce "skin effect"?
I like your funny words magic man
where have the time stamps for the videos go
This is a really cool "collaboration" between youtubers, even the ones that were not right or misunderstood, as they demonstrated how little intuitive this really is. What a educational ride! 👍👍👍
Love that it caused debate and questions. I think it makes it even more interesting. It shows the different interpretations of the same thought experiment.
Even with the simplified version of V, A, I & Ω, electricity is challenging enough to grasp...but it really is way challenging than that
CALTECH, dream school!
A switch is just a resistor , so your explanation is a non-sense. ;-)
we love a big Clive shout out
Moral of the story, don't argue with people smarter than you
You were right from the start  Ps ELECTRICAL and electronical engineer here.  Actually funny how people hear what they want to hear
Well, Maxwell equations gives the answer to the problem, Maxwell  published it 1862. Still valid. No fake news…..The beauty of science is that it is not easy to maniputate. Your initial statement was in a way misleading but it was good that you explained why in the latest video.
YouTube science drama is literally the ONLY drama I care about at all.
Lumped equations are a scalpel, Maxwell's equations are a silver hammer
The second you framed it as a capacitor it just instantly clicked
Huh.  So this finally explains why I'm able to make batteries last longer when they're in my hands.  Thanks for that.  Now that I understand the mechanics of it, I can start trying to improve this power.
nice to have so many good people giving you "feedback" some of my favourites.
tbh the first video should've just say "you probably don't know how electricity really works - but the experts do."
Veritasium is pleading his case like he’s on trial for a life sentence 😂
As an engineer, I think you redeemed yourself. Thanks for doing this again!  Anytime I hear someone talk about Maxwell it puts a small smile on my face 🙂
That's why i had hard time to understand electricity. It makes more sense to me.
*me a house husband with literally no training or education* hmmm, yes. We'll know who is right after they box.
Simpletons! They just don't get us.
Great, thorough explanation (although a little bit defensive towards the end). My objective to the original was that there was too much hand waving, which made the explanations using a 12-volt battery and large lightbulb misleading for all but the most technical, even if one didn't object to the underlying premise. But this re-visit is welcome and exceptionally well done.  Something you didn't mention is that the size of the initial current in practice is not only affected by the distance between the conductors but the size of the conductors themselves. In the video, looks like you might have used some very large conductors in your demonstration. Many people did their original analysis using ordinary household wires, and thereby calculated a negligible initial current for a conventional lightbulb. Because many people experience the real world limitations of practical circuits everyday, thought experiments that ignore this experience can be more difficult to understand. The thoroughness of this video helps breakthrough the confusion. Thanks for your diligence and continued excellence.
I am still trying to comprehend how the lightbulb could still light up even if the circuit is not complete
At 4:40 you say "the charge density everywere inside the conductor is zero" and later at 6:25 you show that it is zero only in the center of the wire and nonzero everywere else. Isn't this confusing?
13:06 wouldn’t this mean the switch is meaningless in the circuits if the wires are long enough? At this point the power source is transmitting no matter if there’s a breakage or not, so the light should just turn on before the wires are even connected right? So at this point it’s just capacitance and inductance?  So If I’m understanding this right, this is basically saying with a strong enough power source, and nothing to arc through (otherwise it’s thunderbolts and lightning), one can just replace the wires with vacuum. Which is right, and wires are just red herrings.
While I like your content and I appreciate you following up on your previous videos, I think your entire channel highlights the issue of bringing the somewhat esoteric mainstream. I experience this a lot as someone deeply into aerodynamics, inorganic chemistry, amateur radio, physics and of course electricity.   In my classes that I took to become an Aircraft Mechanic (A&P) I got the unique opportunity of helping teach aerodynamics of fixed and rotary wing aircraft since I had the opportunities and learned it earlier, eventually I got to help teach some of this to pilots too.  I noticed something rather interesting. The pilots were taught less than the mechanics, and the mechanics less than the engineer, and the engineer far less than exists. The pilots jokingly resent the mechanics for knowing so much and just fixing planes like magic, the mechanics jokingly resent the engineer for designing things in a way not conducive to maintenance, and No one living really knows the extent of everything within the realm of aerospace engineering or aerodynamics. I was appalled to know most Pilots only study Bernoulli's , regurgitate it for a few tests and most don't fully understand its effects. If I talk about the distribution of pressure moving forward on the wing, a fair number of pilots I know would not recognize that as a stall.  Its a whole lot more complicated than just going too slow or just an angle of roll or pitch Its a LOT of factors. So many that we must simplify for it to be realistic. And we still have shortage of both Pilots and A&Ps. There is a huge compromise (in everyone including me) that we will take things out of context, simplify, use analogies and generally not know what we are really talking about. Its not bad, just very interesting. We have a near infinite amount of collective knowledge and nearly infinite access, but we can never know much of it.  I think your channel is interesting in both context and how I see content developed for a large audience that is highly technical but with practical explanations.
Fields is why conducting electricity in the nano-scale makes it a headache. EMF noise, crosstalk and even quantum fluctuations make it a challenge to keep the Moore's Law. I didn't fully understand how the fields and the Maxwell equations worked until you explained this very intrinsic matter everyone assumed was simpler. Thank you and keep the awesome work!
Right…it was an unconscious invitation!😄
I saw Alpha Phoenix prove your point. I think he did this exact experiment 🤔
Does the magnetic field travel faster than the electric field?
OMG....well done.....this is what science is all about....discussion and challenge....well done....
Derek is wrong and can't even admit it, but hides behind "...I could have been more clear..." BS.  His basic ignorance of the subject lies in using a battery, knife switch and light bulb.  None of what he claims is true for DC, i.e. a unipolar energy source that is not changing.  The act of closing the switch creates a pulse, which is not DC!  This DV/DT is equivalent to AC, think of it as the first 1/4 cycle of a sine wave, or half of a pulse.  It is clear on the 'scope trace that it has a rise time from 0 to 5 V, which is charging the inductance of his long copper pipe circuit.  This rise time can be used to calculate the inductance (or it can be directly measured with a precision inductance analyzer or vector network analyzer). This inductance creates a magnetic field which is coupled to the parallel conductor (very inefficiently) and results in the voltage at the load. "Overshoot" is also shown and mentioned looking at the 'scope.  Derek would have a difficult time explaining where this extra 5 volts, greater than the input, comes from and where it goes (hint: inductance).  This is why you can hear the spark plugs of a car on an AM pocket radio many feet away (this is essentially Marconi's  miracle invention: wireless radio).   The high voltage, high current, fast DV/DT creates magnetic field received by the radio's antenna and amplified. The ratio of this in voltage is about 15,000 volts at the spark to the radio's sensitivity of microvolts, the coupling efficiency of less than 1 Billion to 1.  Derek shows his total ignorance again at 14:22 conflating the nanosecond step (pulse) of his switch with the inductive charging of a phone (resonant @~100kHz to 200kHZ AC) and the toothbrush (50/60 Hz AC), both are magnetic coupled transformers with two windings.  More Ignorance at 21:32 where the circuit board designer is speaking about the importance of accommodating high frequency pulses (i.e. DV/DT) in PCBs (Printed Circuit Boards).  This is necessary because while most electronic circuits operate on DC, the rapid ON-OFF (MHz, with GHz equivalent rise/fall times) of the digital circuits can be severely corrupted due to the inductance of the copper traces.  There  are also requirements to meet strict global EMI standards, which requires paying attention to how the signals propagate on the PCB (EMI is interfering electrical noise, as in the car spark plug example above).  This is all necessary because the electrical engineers of the last 30+ years are not taught this at all.  They learn some basic "rules of thumb" to work with this "High Speed" stuff, but no understanding.    None of this has anything to do with his provocative previous video.  Was it unintentional ignorance, or intentional click bait??  Well, he DID get a lot of attention.  Hopefully Derek will get a dead battery in his car, then places some jumper cables in a loop over his engine wiring without connecting them to anything and then tries to start it.  Maybe the disappointment will encourage him to take classes in "Electricity 101-104".
Your original video was not clear what you were saying, this is a better representation.
But doesn't the electron have an undefined position until measured?
Alpha Phoenix did it already.
I think there is a rise of open source science on YouTube coming about thanks to you and many others who post their experiments and debate with colleagues. Electro boom and Steve Mould had a great series as well. I would love to see this open communication adopted in all scientific disciplines.
Well, you should've has said you had simulations! Also well done to Ben! (simulations make everything real)
Until the last minutes of the video I was under an impression, that you were actually excusing yourself and telling, that other people are still wrong and you are the smartest person anyway, even though your initial "thought experiment" had the gaps in the conditions. But in the last part you seem to agree with the responses and genuinely admit your mistakes which is admirable. That makes me rather confused of the need to use a condescending tone at the beginning.  I also didn't like the self-invented (in my opinion) myths, like "battery as a magnet" and "electrons pushing each other". Unlike the "electrons as the source of energy" these are probably not that widespread and seem to be invented just for the explanation. Perhaps, if these "myths" were worded more neutrally, i.e. without an assumption that the listener is thinking they are really true, the statements would not be classified as an attempt to make me feel like I'm really having these naive assumptions.
What about choice of conductor… gold, silver, copper, aluminum, etc and their valance electrons. Isn’t it these free electrons which are moving through the circuit?
Thank you. I thought that the current would be small and that you are claiming that "the steady state" current will be there, or at least most of it. So thank you for the explenation of the solutions of Maxwell equations of the simple circuit. As a aspiring physicist I still wonder what else I got wrong.
As I've tried to convey in the past, the power in a wire is an electromagnetic wave, not a hose of electrons. DC is just a nearly zero frequency wave.
That last point is no joke! I found out there's a lead crisis as bad as the one in Flint Michigan, in San Jose near an airport. Makes me wonder just how much lead affected me basically growing up at the airport, having 3 generations of private pilots in the family. Why's it not being talked about, or anything being done about it? Tons of kids take flying lessons and rides all the time in these small planes. I even live in the vicinity of a small airport right now.  If it affects kids so badly just living near a small airport, how bad must it be for kids flying in them and taking lessons? I don't see anyone talking about that. I'm genuinely intrigued!
Great work!!! Wasn't your fault, I understood the target. Who really deals with fields interaction at industry floor knows what you're talking about!!! Congratulations from South Brazil!!!
how dare you have a opinion online
Crazy fact. The voltage on the surface of the conductor is higher than in the center of the conductor
Honestly because responses and revisit I probably learned more than I would have if the first video was less confusing.
If I had to describe why people were so persistent on proving/saying Veritasium was wrong, was not that he was wrong in theory or practice but just on topic and understanding. To clarify, this happens a lot when it comes to disagreements and debates across the board. You have two people having disagreement, so you being the mediator ask what's going one to find that both people are right. So at first you probably ask why they're even fighting in the first place, but after asking what each person thinks the conversation is on, you find that they're not one but two completely different tracks of thought.  An example of this happening is Helmholtz and Herring's debate on vision, one proposes opponent-processing is how we see and the other Trichromatic. After you read up on both you realize that both are right, but just explaining different points in the process of vision. Veritasium is on the thought of how fast the light's ligaments start to get heat (aka turning on), while others focused (for some weird reason) on the threshold for our eyes to see the emitting light. Even though they themselves could've just simply tested it like the other people, to then later wrap their heads around it.  .... So many disagreements could probably be handled if one person just asked to clarify what's being said or what the topic is on before disagreeing. Sad Times (@-__-)7
This is a legitimate research paper in video form, and if they taught STEM students to think like this about problems we would be decades ahead.
Now think how this kind of interactions between science driven people it's imposible with flat earthers, vaccine deniers, conspiracy theorists and faith driven people..... This is the kind of people that, even when they don't communicate a point the best they could,  add to the mankind overall base of knowledge and discussion.
Seems to me you're still basically a kid poking his sister and saying "I'm not touching you!  Atoms never touch!"  Technically true in a manner of speaking, but wildly misleading.  Sure, say energy is transmitted by fields - but, *that's how electrons push each other*.  Electrons never "touch" AFAIK, they push each other with their electric fields.  To say that the energy is transferred by electric fields and NOT by electrons pushing each other is sorta non-sensical.  Your viewpoint catches some extra edge cases, sure, but the "normal" view is still correct at its core, IMO.  I could be missing a subtlety, and in other news I have some counterpoints to particular statements made - but likely this comment will be lost in the sea, anyway.
Great Video. I wonder if the air provides any insulation between the wires that would alter this effect? What if heavily insulated wires were used, would you still see energy being transmitted over the gap?
I watched your original video and then I watched electroboom, big clive, EV blog and the rest all claim you were wrong. I unsubscribed from all those other channels and will never watch them again. Even from just the hazy recollection of completing my A-levels in Electronics and Physics 25 years ago, I understood what you were saying and I was sure you were correct. How all those other clowns didn't get it is beyond me. I think all of them actually claim to have Engineering degrees and yet they fail to grasp these rather basic concepts.
this is youtube and you dont show the lightbulb that goes on with a non closed circuit ? (min 13:22)
Mehdi say no, then no!   I'm kidding, real science done publicly yay! This is what needs to always happen
So the bird sitting on a power line still gets affected ?
It's still the moving electrons that transmit the field, the mistake is thinking that it's like flowing water as opposed to a tiny alignment of movement on average of all of them. The fact that the field can bridge space doesn't change that.
I missed the part where it was explained why the wires need to be that high up in this experiment.
I would really like to get the link to the Rick Hartley talk.
This explanation is so long and exhausting that the concept is no longer cool and surprising like the original video claimed.
Ok, that is too much for casual science noob enthusiast .   But first material on how Derek is capable to demonstrate his skill in learning any topic to bare bones to be able to understand topic and what is more-eplain. This time, not to me though.i need to see it one more time.  GJ
An experiment. Finding your results match simulations very well. Others repeating experiment and finding similar results. What more can an engineer want!
Biggest debate since the chain and jar theory
The start of this vid had me rolling, not the usual VE style lol
I got about 5% of this after watching the first time, despite it being perfectly and beautifully explained. In middle age my concentration span isn't what it once was, but Veritasium gives me confidence that the current generation of students will do great thingsnin the years to come.
Thinking in terms of fields is not obvious, and the idea was met with some inertia when Maxell presented it too. Lord Kelvin is reported to have said that Maxwell had 'lapsed into mysticism' when Maxwell presented his non-mechanical field theory. See Chapter 13 of Forbes and Mahon's book titled Faraday, Maxwell, and the Electromagnetic field for an account of Maxwell's presentation and how it was received.  While fields are definitely important and fundamental, it is also worth remembering that they are always generated and detected by charges. In fact, the electric field is defined as the force per unit 'test charge'.
Me cutting all of my wires🫥
So glad that this video was sponsored by Brilliant because that's just what it is. Derek, your videos just continue improving! Also, this reply and rebuttal in near real-time from other YouTubers (scientists and engineers) is the epitome of good scientific discourse. Bravo!
👍😊
Now this is a very good video. 19:27 This is my main criticism about your recent videos. You have a science channel. When you say lamp, people will assume real lamp not an LED that works with 14mW of power.  You should try to avoid sensational wording.
What im really interest in is the oveshoot voltage. What the graph would look like if you sent repeating pulses before it equalizes.
The saying goes "if you're looking for an answer to a question on the internet, don't ask the question. Instead post the wrong answer." I think that's basically proven here.
This is a much clearer explanation to me than the last video, this cleared up all of my questions about the last one.
It needed a revisit and I'm glad you did it. I just hope you're smart enough to have planned this all along. In any way, great outcome.
When that field collapses u get a emp from what I understand so is an emp like an implosion of an electric field?
All this talk of electricity is giving me bad flashbacks to physics class where I learned that electrons flow in one direction but "current" flows in the other direction, because that's how it's always been assumed in the past 😵😵😵.  Or something like that. Ugh
awesome!!! and dont, you didnt make a mistake, you explain a problem in a way the general public (me included) could understand and added some knowledge with your answer!!! Brilliant... Thank you
What if the wire is isolated?
This is by far the best explanation I have seen in my entire life.  The 3D simulations are absolutely fantastic for being able to visualize the effect of the fields.  Thanks!
What would Tesla’s feedback be?😄
At 13:10, there will not be any charge on the unconnected part of the "circuit" (bottom right) so the switch-closing effect at 10:56 would not happen in that case.
I don't understand why they had to build the circuit at that height. You could have just built it at ONE METRE height from the ground. 🙂 It's a wonderful video though
This is a nice introduction to antennae theory
This video is so vastly over my head. I THOUGHT I understood electricity fairly well. Turns out I know just barely more than nothing.
This was a lot more clear for me personally because I'm not an electrical engineer or physicist.  As a small aside some of Tesla's wireless power experiments make more sense to me now.  So thank you for this.
for those who did prepa in France: is this a consequence or an equivalent statement of the first hypothesis made before electric classes ie Approximation des régimes quasi stationnaires + does this also bring light (pun intended) to why the telegrapher equation is so important?
22:39 : Let me summarize: "I didn't think that this part - the vital aspect of the whole transmission of electrons that I showed in the previous video - was the focus of a video I made explaining the vital aspect of the transmission of electrons. So of course I wasn't wrong about the thing I was wrong about, I just didn't elaborate on how my conclusion that the light bulb would light up didn't mean it would in fact light up, because lighting up doesn't mean lighting up, it obviously means to receive a small amount of energy that wouldn't make a light bulb to flicker unless I manipulated the original scenario to fit an unrealistic situation just so I can walk in circles in order to not admit that I was, in fact, wrong".
⚡👍
So, Nicola Tesla knew (or had the intuitionof) this and his "crazy" ideas arent crazy at all just incredibly advanced for the time?  Also, guys, stop defiying the "veritasium guy", learn from the physics profesor who los 10k to him,
This video is really a scientific paper in the form of a YouTube video, introduction, method, results, citations of supporting evidence and conclusion!
I've known this for 40 years and I'm a software engineer, not an electrical engineer. Anyone who has ever designed a printed circuit board (for high frequencies) needs to be aware of this. You are slightly incorrect in saying that the energy is from the electrical field, not the electron flow. The fact is that they are tightly related. The electrons DO flow through the wires but the ones interacting with the load aren't the same ones leaving the battery (at least at first.)
Mighty big of you to take the constructive criticism. Well done.
only thing left to do is find a light that glows at 4v 10ma, but can also handle 12v when the full power hits it. that may be possible with some clamping diodes or something. but i do understand this isn't an engineering problem 🙂
Good video. 👍
I literally am unable to like this video, like it literally wont let me
I hope people challenge you more often, the resulting follow-up video is just top notch education. I took a physics class covering this last semester (now I'm in quantum physics AKA modern physics as a mechE major).  the electric field pulling the electrons is spot on with what we learned.  It's really helpful for forming my understanding of this material to see so many experiments and simulations neatly and concisely presented by multiple YouTubers.   Your videos are always a pleasure to watch and learn from.
Partly speculation:  It may not be the literal 'passing' of an electron through a circuit that carries the energy, but it IS electrons carrying the energy through the circuit though. They both generate and propagate the energy whilst moving to low potential.  The energy they're propagating just happens to literally be a form of electromagnetic energy, aka "light", traveling from one electron to the next as the electrons move to a more stable spot of existence   The electric field is the "leakage" of electrons as they try to balance across a high to low gradient. They're very leaky pots, and it's what they leak that both carries the electrons through the wire and is the force in the circuit. It's caused by the electrons moving through the circuit, solely because they would rather not move through the circuit. They do move, but only because electrons are being forced in with no where to go, and also because electrons are being taken out and leaving deficits.   For the sake of an ELI5 video things are fairly right, though I think some things like electrons bouncing off of a nucleus is a bit inaccurate - supposedly they can go through a nucleus as well.   I went through physics in high school and an intro course in college, and had a quantum mechanics class I failed (the prof actually wanted me to fail), but I feel my theories on subatomic particles and energy to be pretty solid - just more in depth thoughts and logical arguments of the classical models for questions I had that no professor could ever give me an answer to - they branch ever 'slightly' from what's currently accepted
Another great debate started by Derek
I wish the light model, was representing LED lights, rather than more traditional filament lights.
Thanks. This was great. I think a lot of the problem in the first video was the 'black and white' tone: i.e. "everything you learned is wrong" etc. If you had said "How long does it take until some current flows through the bulb" it might have saved a lot of argument. Saying simply: 'the bulb lights up' sounded to many like you were implying that the steady state situation would begin in a much shorter time than made sense.
What particle carries the electric field, if it's something distinct from the flow of electrons?
WOW, this is extremly well explained!
Derek: No need to apologize. It lead to a lot of attention and probably gave learning to a way wider audience that it otherwise would have. This is a good thing! :)
Happy little accident with a happy little ending
Hi Derek, I want u to make more videos, with same deep explanations & simulations, on scores of many physics problems which is difficult to understand for almost all beginners. Great video from Pakistan 🇵🇰 .
No, I don't like the idea that it doesn't matter if the wires are connected or not.
"A way bigger than leakage current signal flows trough the load 1sec after the switch is closed. Is it enough to emit light? Yes!*                         *If you use a LED." No, that wasn´t the *trick* question. F U !
12M subs for really high level content that even some EE would have a hard time to follow, that's the real witchcraft that makes no sense to me
In my Engineering Physics 2 class we did learn about how electrons only travel along the outside surface of a conductor and never “through” a conductor, how batteries supply a difference in electrical potential, and we learned about how electric fields act on point charges, but we didn’t really go that deep into the behavior of individual electrons and electric fields in the context of a complex circuit to see HOW energy is transferred to a light bulb or resistor, we more just studied Kirchhoff’s Rules and Ohm’s Law as it relates to large circuits to find some missing information about the circuit when we studied RC and DC circuits. We also went over a bit of induced EMF and inductance, but not much more than that. We essentially used the “Lumped Element Model”  for the sake of practicality. This was a really interesting way of looking at circuits that I haven’t encountered before. Thank you for this informative presentation👏
I've got very little understanding of electricity as a whole but this video made much more sense to me on first watch compared to the first one! I loved both but this one was much more clear! I love that Derek keeps ruffling the feathers of all these scientists and still is right lmao.
You have the rails on wooden beams which are not true insulators!
I definitely feel more response videos coming on!
Together, both of your videos and all the contributions from other youtubers are peak science youtbe. Excellent.
Science is all about healthy debate and i love seeing it here.
After seeing your original video I went on to read more about that because I was very curious. So I think you did a great job in the first video too!
Thanks for going back to this - your argument makes a lot more sense to me this time round. I still don't agree with (what I *think* was?) your original argument, the idea that the "battery lights the bulb" in the traditional sense. You've shown that there is an inductive element to any circuit, which isn't limited by the speed of light round trip. The full effect of the circuit, as we'd understand it at pre-induction high school circuit level, is still limited by the round trip speed of light time?
Personally I think you deserved some of the flak.  Your original video was unclear as to how much voltage you were expecting to generate over the bulb, and it would be very easy for someone to assume that you meant the entire voltage from the battery would be measured across it.  I spotted that you were essentially talking about propagating fields affecting the far wire (although my initial assumption was B-field rather than E-field).  If you had been clear from the get-go, this would have just been a great educational point, rather than just confusing.  Its still educational, but I worry as to how a younger student might interpret the original video.
hmm interesting ! you add up a transistor hooked on the bulb waiting for the 16 milliwatts you get a instant bypass of the lightsecond wire to the bulb..
People LOVE to prove other people, especially famous people, wrong. I bet people hang on your ever word, in every video, looking for a thread they can pull to unravel the sweater, as it were.
The best part of these videos is that people are debating about the subjects they expose which is the most enrichment experience for knowledge. 👏👏👏👏
So is it the current, voltage or magnetic fields that kill you?
What he said: “how I should have worded it was…”  What he meant: “your response video was completely unfounded because…”
nerd fight 📣
"travelling" ions can carry "messages" that influence electrons in other atoms and making them go into certain state of charge. and ions can travel WITHOUT MEDIUMS. radio wave could influence electron's state of charge. ELECTRICITY REQUIRES NO ELECTRON FLOW OF ANY KIND. heat transfers works the same way. because its basically the same thing. an energy state of particle. its just that with electrons, the energy state only applies if all "party involved" AGREES. and you could trick this mechanism. (by telling all the elctrons "involved" in the signal being communicated to "make excuses for the new energy state being communicated. you know, fast tracking it. without going fast to any tracks").
Awesome revisit, both these videos helped demonstrate these ideas perfectly for me
True nature of knowledge. dont make shortcut.
As a high school student I was happy to see this video although I kind of understood what you meant from the first one thanks to my physics teacher. He didn't see the video (he almost never watches YouTube) and I just asked him at school that thought experiment. The first thing he said was "are the battery and the switch close enough to the bulb?". I said yes. He replied "Then of course, because of the electric and magnetic fields, the light turns on almost instantaneously". It was a bit abstract until this follow-up though, which helped me better understand the phenomenon.
Thats better now that you modeled the steady state. You previously claimed the EM field outside the wire carried the energy
The thought experiment went as expected, in fact I knew the outcome since the first video was uploaded, what I do believe is incorrect is the why and the how explanation! And it's not just Veratasium who is wrong but everyone else who made a response video or comment! My reason why I believe this is because there is a much better explanation of how and why of electricity and the electric charge and or field....  It started with the explanation of the atom, it's wrong! And it doesn't make sense! There are no positive and negative charges! It's just one single electric charge! The idea that the proton is positive and the electron is negative and to not be attracted to each other but to be attracted to the charges in the next atom is just absolutely absurd! Opposites attract remember! The atom should be attracted to itself and repel the next atom because both atoms have this supposed negative charge at the outer edge of the atom and thus both atoms will repel each other... It doesn't make sense, and since quantum mechanics has used this model of the atom as it's starting point, it's no wonder why quantum mechanics sounds like gibberish!  There's a much better explanation of how and why and if you don't look for it, you won't find it. I guarantee you, once you find it, you will be able to apply it to anything in any scientific field and not only will it make sense, you will also be able to see how it's connected to it's immediate surroundings and the universe as a whole...  Why do I believe this, I have already found it and seen it and it's literally mind blowing... The possibilities are endless!  Once you see it, you can't unsee it, and unlike the current understanding, you don't run into brick walls, it's intuitive and it just gets easier the further away you move from the original starting point of thought. I have spent the last 5 years in intensive research to see if there is another way to look at it because I felt that the current understanding didn't make sense, and I believe that I have found it.  There are no positive and negative charges, there are only difference in charge states! A higher charge state is attracted to a lower charge state, the same as heat will always flow into cold until equilibrium is reached!
im only half way in but even your first video on this seemed like trying to over explain something to make it sound cool or controversial. i miss your videos that were informative in an applicable and on somewhat more useful topics, it seems like you just figured out that fake youtube arguments generate lots of views and make good thumbnails.... im gonna watch till the end cause im hoping it gets better but im starting to feel let down by my expectations of the famous veritasium
isn't this exactly what electroboom already said in his video?
As always one of the best
I once heard gasoline in car engines is like a series of controlled explosions, controlled use of 🔥. Could electricity through a wire be like a controlled thunderstorm, a controlled use of a ⚡. Now that I think about it, isn't fire a sort of e field?
Ok, so now I want an explanation as to why there are serpentine tracks on computer circuits. I thought I understood that...
I actually found AlphaPhenix because of his response to this vid. I think the awareness videos like these can bring to smaller channels cannot be underestimated and I love how Derik embraces that. It must be hard as an individual to deal with criticism (even valid) on such a scale--not that it is malicious but still must be hard as a human--so to turn it around into such a positive for the community is very selfless.  As for the debate itself, I would expect it is above most peoples understanding (the specifics were definitely above mine), but I am sure it triggered a good few google rabbit holes for everyone to improve their own knowledge a little. Just thinking in terms of fields was what I took out of this, and I am better for it!
This is very interesting! That voltage overshoot of (source voltage + initial partial voltage) is sometimes responsible for killing CPUs during overclocks. Clear your CMOS people!
the last couple videos have have been controversial "on purpose" im pretty sure.  nice way to getting a lot more attention on the video !  <3
Phenomenal. Making this so easy to understand will result in breakthroughs.
How many minutes until you change the thumbnail and title?
So Aether is REAL?!
Hey! I was waiting for Alpha Phoenix's video to be cameoed in this one!
i still dont fully get it
Thx Derek for this rectification!!! I love it , I am relieved now
Are you sure Derek?
I really thought you nailed it in the first video. Having said that, the magnificent 3d models of the real time behaviour of the fields and the Poynting vector for example, were simply awesome. Thanks for over-egging it!
Never have such amazed by the explanation
Does it mean the light bulb will illuminate briefly even if the circuit is disconnected?
Way to tell those haters! Now can we communicate faster than light?😁
Amazing the names and explanations the woke liberals give for "the holy spirit"
I knew that the energy had to be transferred through the electric field because it was the most sensible explanation as to how my wireless charger worked, but I didn't know the mechanisms until these videos. Thanks again :)
What I love about this is that this is truly an application of the scientific method within the scientific community. One person (or group) makes an experiment and hypothesis, peers challenge/prove/disprove the original hypothesis, and experiment with their own experiments, explanations, and hypotheses, and then communicate back to the scientific community. This results in further testable hypotheses and finally consensus. Those that question science sometime feel that science is a collection of edicts set in stone foisted upon them by the elite, but science is beautiful because it demands challenge for it work!  I wish I were a writer to explain my thoughts better, but this video and situation surrounding it were simply too inspiring not to comment on.
Great comeback! Great videos as always!
Even with fields set up in advance doing something remotely that has an effect distantly faster than light violates causality.   The point of the video was the instant on.
Nothing as daring as perching a $50,000+ oscilloscope on a ladder! :-O
Your original video was still wrong.  You just asked how long until the light bulb "turned on".  To any reasonable listener, that means fully lit to its specifications.  And putting a few milliwatts through a bulb that's designed to operate using a few watts doesn't count.
Very enlightening :)
The whole video I was thinking "DIDN'T YOU SEE ALPHAPHOENIX'S VIDEO?!?!", thankfully I held off on writing that angry comment! You saved the best for last!
Make videos on semiconductor last video was almost 9 years old
Making statements with proof.   Refutation to proof.   Clarification of proof.   This is basically just science and the discussion on theory in practice.
Better even than the original! Thank you so much for the amount of effort you put in response to all the criticism, I felt a lot of responses made a lot of sense and this really clarified the issue for me. I work with electricity a lot and always was weary of people saying not touching a circuit is 100% safe.
the reason why the actual methods or understanding of electromagnetism is omitted from most books, specifically with how we calculate the charge and the Coulombs. It's because of safety, the more discoveries on this sort fields leads to more disasters, every new discovery in power is always used in military practice. This is why no new discoveries in this type of field have been seen since world war 2, and if someone tries to bring light to these new discoveries they're often disappeared or shut/silenced.
I don't know what this is but we believe in you, Derek. Don't worry
damn you getting old dude
I guess the best results in this experiment would be with alternating current. The wires do not need to be connected. That's just 2 antennas! Derek just rediscovered radio. What's next? We can coil those wires on some magnetic material and rediscover transformer?!?! Oh yeah, wireless electricity... so exciting...
Gotta be honest. I have no idea what you're talking about.
Man. MAD respect for Derek.
The big trick he pulls here is using thick copper rods. You wouldn’t have nearly as much power transmitted if you used normal wires
BIG BRAIN ACURED
The previous video, responses, and this fallow up are a perfect example of theory vs practice. The theory states there will be power at the bulb, but in practice it's a worthless quantity (in comparison to what the whole system was setup for to begin with) so it practically speaking isn't "real". The people with sufficient theoretical knowledge knew there would be SOME power there, but it isn't the implied "useful" power as derek initially implied in his initial video and certainly not the same or even majority of the power as the circuit was made to operate at. When talking about these kinds of things that seemingly go against convention and practice the nuance is key and even stand-in props are important as it can convey the wrong message to the people who aren't aware of the nuances.
Meh... still marbles in a hose, it's just that the sound of the marbles clanking travels across the gap in the analogy here on earth, thus moving the marbles slightly in the opposite side hose. (yes, the analogy requires atmosphere to forward the sound, dumbing it down, go easy on me).
I'm an electrical engineer in the power industry. I have functioned so heavily on ohms laws and this explanation really opened my mind to a new understanding of something I work with every day. My favorite video of yours to date. thank you for taking the time to really dive into this. Maxwell's equations are glossed over in school in favor of those shortcuts. perhaps more time should be spend on them.
Make me wonder  why  conductors  need to get heavier to carry  more current,  suppose resistance   related  to surface area
I did wonder why you didn't see the problem as simply two pieces of transmission line. You reference 'electric fields' which I think I would call 'electrostatic fields' making it clear there were capacitive elements at work.  Also it seemed that magnetic flux lines are also being shown but being said  to be electric fields in your explanation.  Very confusing.
I think not understanding how electricy works in a conventional sense anyway, made this very easy to understand. I didn't have any prior knowledge to fight against. Loved this
Something just clicked in my head about impedance. I think I actually heard an audible click. Brb, going to the shop to do some experiments.
🤯
This electricity drama reminds me of the time where Edison was beefing with Westinghouse
Please, if the field is everything, can someone explain to me why anyother bulb in the filed, disconnected by the cables won't light? thanks
I’m waiting eagerly for the mehdi’s reaction for this video
I wonder what his result would have been if there was a break (incomplete circuit) in the experimental set-up with the copper tubes that he made 🤔Would the same amount of voltage (approx 5V) still be produced across the load in 1m/c seconds? I thought transferring electricity wirelessly at that level required a better setup with coils (I'm just a high school student)
Youre right veritasium 👍
I'd like to say, that I don't think it was a mistake. I mean, yes, for people who actually understand subject quite well it makes a difference, but honestly this video is less enjoyable for me, because it goes quite deep into details that I cannot follow without putting significant effort.  I enjoy what I can learn on a "popular" level with some depth, so I think the first video was perfect for me. It revealed some new things around electricity without going into too much of complexity.
Thanks for all those videos, and your reply shows your passion for science. To do a better job, you need to separate science from marketing. Science is about theories, but marketing is about excitement and exaggeration, and wrong stuff in many cases, oh.and views.
I was disappointed that he didn't re-run the measurement with the circuit intentionally broken at the farthest end of the pipes... Theoretically there should be a moment where they detect the local circuit coming on before the entire connected circuit is determined to be connected...?
Isn't this how tesla coils can light up a bulb unconnected to a wired circuit?
Big up Big Clive
My only remaining curiosity is when the ANSYS simulation was done with the line of wire below the completed circuit, and the change in electric field radiated outward from the switch effecting that single line of wire identically to the one connected to the circut. I guess it implies that a bulb on that line of wire would also "turn on" for that 1m/c   time just as the identical bulb on the circuit had before turning off. I wish that could have been apart of the experiment at Caltech and it would have definitively proven the concepts of the video leaving nothing to question.
You have changed my perspective of electricity forever - thankyou...
No wonder all those explanations I've heard during college of how electricity flows never left me satisfied. I would recite back what the professor's would say or what I would read in textbooks, but I never actually felt like I understood it. This was painfully obvious whenever I myself had to explain this concept to others.   Watching this, makes me think that even some of my professors were also completely relying on the "slump model" and weren't aware of, or confident enough to explain how it all actually works.
Outstanding explanation!    The mind-boggling invisible complexity of a simple voltage and load circuit.    And we see electrical engineers can "model" with a precision that complexity. The way we can verify the models with empirical measurements shows a true understanding of the underlying physics.     Considering the precision of measurement the models of the climate do not come anywhere near empirical measurements.    That suggests to me the models of the climate have little to no connection to the invisible forces driving climate change.   The models of the climate use junk physics.
A mistake can be a huge success. Awesome work getting people diving into the details on electrical circuits
More of these question -> community response -> response to the response series!!!! I also loved the "traveling faster than the wind" series of videos. The first video captures the audiences attention, other community members respond, and then the response video dives into the dirty details!!! Amazing. Thank you :)
Well done! Great video! I would argue your best yet. And you're right your original video was really good in how it sparked so much interest and so many answers. Experiments always have the final say. To be honest, I'm a power systems engineer and I always thought of the small initial currents as being from the magnetic field propagating across the void to the other side, so I've also learned something and it actually the electric field.
I wonder what happens if the wires were done in a circle, instead of parallel.  power source at 270, light at the 90, switch at the 0... or even every part at 120 degress apart.
I'm guessing people have never dealt with "noise" in wires.
That is totally wrong. The transferred electric energy per unit of time in a wire transmission line is not the EM field in the wire but the total kinetic energy of the charge carriers (i.e. free electrons) in the conductor wire. Fields are potentials not energy.  To transfer electric energy and do work you need charge carriers. The more energy is do be transferred the more carriers you need,  E=QV  where E is the transferred energy, Q is the total charge and V the generated potential difference by the work done on the source (i.e. Electric Power Plant). As you can see from the equation, Q is provided by the charges (i.e. free electrons) in wires and and V by the Power plant generators. The more conductive (i.e. rich in free electric charge carriers) the wires are the more electric energy can me transferred to the consumer of electric power.  A dielectric wire is very poor to non-existing, in the amount of free moving charges (i.e. free electrons) it contains and therefore not suitable for the transfer of electric power. Thus, conductor wires are the best and only choice today for this job for electric power transfer. The confusion comes because it is wrongly communed by some popular science media lately, that large electric power is synonymous with large wireless EM radiation transfer which actually is not true. Electric power transfer depends on electric fermionic charges motion and not on photonic EM radiation.  On the other hand dielectrics like air are suitable for EM radiated signal transfer where power is not so much a concern but we just need to transfer information across space at relative large distances economically.  There are currently no alternatives for demanding electric power transfer and there will be no in the future wireless alternatives (at least what electricity concerns) simply because physics don't allow it.  The best development for more effective electric power transfer would be if we could use superconductive wire technology (i.e. lossless) in the future.
What you done was a great value added for all of us. You managed to open the eyes of many people and that is what really matters. You are  a great talented video presenter. Keep up the good work!
Hot damn, dude. As a Caltech staff member, I was super impressed with this whole thing!
I watched your original video and most of the response videos...all very very good..  This a was a great clarification of the original statement and I "get it" ...but now I find myself questioning the layout of everyday wiring.   Thanks for the great videos.
According to your analysis we don't need conductive wires (rich in free charges thus free electrons) to transfer hundreds of MWh needed to power dally a city but instead can use dielectric insulator wires since you believe wires  are just to guide the generated energy which is exclusively the electric field on the the wire.  Well good luck with that. Short transient phenomena in a dielectric medium is far away from a feasible way to transfer continuously large amount the electric power needed to power up cities or even a single PC. You are confusing transient signal theory with continuous transmission of large electric power which needs a large amount of free electric charges which is not possible using just electric fields on dielectric insulators.   Simply, physics don't allow it.
Welp , as i said, electrons don't carry energy, they only transfer it.
THIS is how you generate understanding - through multiple viewpoints.  Even incorrect ones generate insight (once you understand inherent oversights or errors).  I did watch several of the rebuttal videos which were great to see.  We should not expect perfection in every explanation and that the initial video was not 'perfect' actually provided this community a service.
How do the relativistic effects play into this? What I mean is, my understanding is that the relativistic effects of the electrons moving are relevant in understanding magnetic fields. So my question is, how does that fit within the concepts presented in this video?
A lot of things in this universe are so much more complicated than we think, so much in fact that we sometimes need to lie to ourselves to actually picture those things
We should just place two switches on either terminal of the battery and then use long wires with zero-resistance to connect the bulb. Zero-resistance means that there's no loss of electric-field inducing currents elsewhere which you are using just to over-complicate the problem. The electric field will travel at the speed of light along the wire and that will cause a delay.
Amazing video, Derek. I was skeptic after the first video, but now I'm fully convinced of your understanding of the situation.
More details are not possible related to the topic Thanks to veritasium
Nice vid! What if conductor (and battery and light) are all contained inside a shield which prevents EMF radiation directly from switch to load?
Thank you.
Ohm's law isn't U=IR, It's R=U/I
Well done. You explained your point much better and it fits. The only thing still missing in this video (and the last) is the difference between AC and your battery example. Switching currents in a DC circuit acts very similar to AC but just putting a battery in there and not addressing it can also cause confusion.  I’d also like to see your outdoor experiment move the switch and show a different result as you stated. I doubt you will see a time delay difference in the initial voltage spike.
i have mentioned it before im going to mention it again that :ELECTRICITY IS A STATE OF CHARGE/OR ENERGY. and these "energy state" are being COMMUNICATED. not being "flowed". electron sense each other, and exchange each other "state of charge". its like ANTS, they meet up midway, and tell each other whats next to them. and the signals being relayed from one electrons to another. you could produce electricity simply by telling an electron to go into high energy state. you dont need "flow". thats how EMP works. thats how electromagnetic reaction from microwaves works. thats why yoou could WIRELESSLY SEND A POWER. your govt is experimenting with these for a long time. becasue ELECTRICITY IS A STATE OF CHARGE. and you simply TELLS ELECTRONS TO GO INTO HIGH ENERGY STATE. once you know how to "talk" to electrons like that, you dont need electrical generators. and like any COMMUNICATIONS it goes BOTH WAYS. its need to be "clarified". when the other polar sent the "clarification, the state of charge being communicated APPLIES. you could trick this mechanism to work without a full circle of electrical signal path. just one way signal.   by this same mechanism, if you could tell targeted electrons wherever they are, to go into high energy/charged state, you could ignite a creature into ashes. simply by telling every single electrons in their body's atoms to go into high energy state. scary , right? just to explain a little what IS an "electricity". its just a STATE OF CHARGE/energy state. what fires up a light bulb are the electrons on its light agents. becasue some electrons next ot them and next to that next to it and so on and so forth going into a state of energy that "influence electrons closest to them. its like a "trend". a trend of energy state of the electrons. how electrical power being transferred is different with how particle energy being released. for example, photon relocate by travelling. electrons never goes anywhere. they GOSSIP to electrons next to them. whether those electrons in metal atoms or in air molecules.
Amazing video man. Thank you very much. I am no engineer or scientist in any way and i can barely understand these stuff, but i know for sure that exposing new ways of thinking and have other people trying to prove or disprove something, is how we make progress.
Notice how he dances around saying 'full load steady state across the resistor', he's only say "orders of magnitude above leakage current".  He's being cute about transient currents.  He's just trying to play with words.  The original video was about how the electric grid works and steady state power not transient bull corn.  Now he's back peddling about partial load transient currents.  We'll good job on the click bait video Veritasium, fun none the less.  :)
if its half the distant.. maybe this would be accurate.. but 10 meters.. comon with such a VAST scale things would show up on the full-length test and would never be shown on the 10m.  Try again.
EEVBlog said it was a transmission line, he agreed with everything you say, yet you cast him as a naysayer :(
Absolutely owned it...wish politicians were like that
‘researchers have demonstrated wireless charging using wifi.’ Tesla’s dream come true
F it's been an year and he was still on it ?  Every like i get here will keep me going forward with life goals ....
Derek, thank you so much for making this follow-up video. I can finally sleep.
Silly people trying to know both the velocity and location of electrons.
You practically break my brain xD
Great video!  It looks like you assessed that the risk of fall hazard is leser than the risk of electric shock hazard for setting up your experiment. ;)
11:41  No, it shouldn't.  It's only 1m/c if you're presenting it as an equation.  You were presenting it as simply the number of seconds.  That means the units of 'c' are irrelevant, and you're only talking about it's value.
This ends up being the best explanation of inductors and transformers I've ever seen.
Nikola Tesla knew this stuff decades ago.
I wanted to say that as a viewer I really appreciate how you went about making this revisit.  It can often be too easy to defend one's position in a way that is basically just lashing out. Instead this was well put together and explanative
Derek  This is for DC what about AC? JK LOL
A lot of discussion to explain the concepts hiding inside conceptual rounding errors we teach ourselves
Yes! Now this makes sense. I remember taking distributed parameters systems (transmission lines) in college, but we always assumed the transmission line was the shortest possible path bewtween the source and the load. (This is a perfectly reasonable assumption for a power system because your average 220kV transmission line costs $1Million per mile). This is a neat thought experiment that is important because it challenges fundamental understanding. A little embarrassing I thought the answer was incorrect, despite being in Masters program for Electrical Engineering
This also explains how radio works.
Thanks for a great explanation. Science Asylum has explained concepts in a great way as well(Gravity for example being due to time dilation). Awesome. Wish I had this kind of explanation in physics class in school so many years ago.
I'm sum this up really quick and say it comes from motion or movement...
I apologize for the analogy,  It seems to me that this case reverts to the law of assholes. Opinions are like assholes, everyone has one but some are bigger than others. But who am i to opine.
cant believe we dont even understand what we make
@23:00, no, I think this is the demonstration of one of the laws on the internet, whenever you need an answer to a question on the internet, never ask the question, but deliberately post a wrong affirmation.  You'll bet the right answer right away 🤣😂
Everyone when he made the first video: “You’re insane and wrong!” Everyone after he’s made this video: “That was obvious, I knew that already.”
I watched the video just to read ElectroBOOM comments....hahahahahahahahahaha!!!
I'm not a smart man, but the field transmission is somewhat intuitive. I'm truly grateful for this follow-up video from Derek, because at the same time the responses to the first video gave me a thought boost, but also left questions unanswered.  I'm almost convinced at this point that Derek is a smart man. I'll have to watch some more videos to make sure though.
wow who knew the science community was so dramatic!
This must be what Nicolas Tesla was trying to do for the whole world
I agree 100% that the engagement was the greatest result.  In almost every case, the absolute correctness is unimportant and the simplification works.  In fact it' s better because it's so much easier and faster.  In cases like the PCB, not so much.  It makes me think of Newton v Einstein.  Newton got us to the moon.  He got GPS satellites into the proper orbits.  Einstein made them work properly.  Newton was faster and easier until he didn't work anymore. One thing about misunderstanding being useful:  I've been in meetings (software) where someone presenting a good idea and misspeaks or misheard or is just misunderstood.  Sometimes what comes of that far is better than the original idea.  Even less similar is the case where, using FMRI, people were shown two words, one known, one unknown.  The known word causes a small amount of brain activity.  The unknown one basically lit up the whole brain.  To me, it seems like the works until it understand the question, or until it fails.  Brain exercise good.  I think this also pops up when someone disagrees and then thinks hard about disproving the other person.  Especially when they dislike the other person. To paraphrase Steven Wright,  "I think the brain is the most fascinating organ... until I realized who was telling me that." Wonderful episode.  Just remember to be unclear occasionally.
Brother.. This was (as usual) a grand explanation of how electricity gets from one place to another.. It made perfect sense to me.. Which at 70 is an amazing thing to begin with.. I am going to re-watch this several more times to get it straight in my mind.. It will help me in designing circuits of my own.. Carry on son.. Well done!
Maybe a primer on Maxwell's equations would've been helpful? The wire is simply a wave-guide for the EMF.
awesome follow-on video!
Thank you.  All this proves is that actually Applied Electromagnetodynamics?  Is not yet properly understood.  By too many.
All these experiments and claims and counter experiments and counter claims prove that NO ONE knows what is going on. On that basis how could you make a mistake? Kudos for experimenting. No need to apologise to anyone.
Sometimes the best thing you can do is “stir the pot” to instigate some debate. How many people would have engaged on this topic without that first video?
By this logic every time we turn on switch Evey conducter around that will feel a electricity flow for a fraction of time. Wow.
Crazy how antennas work even in space.
This exeplanation is an order of magnitude better than the last video.
It's still unintuitive
Cleared all the doubts... Specially about the magnitude or current & violating speed of light. Really good
WE NEED MORE "WRONG" VIDEOS TO GENERATE MORE CONTENT! THAT WAS AWESOME!
I can never stop appreciating and respecting how humble and thoughtful Derek is and how well he gets to his point. Really the best quality of youtube. I'm so thankful to have found this channel so many years ago and id watch it where ever other platform it would go. Truly inspiring.
if electric fields influence without physical contact, what does that mean for our chemical bodies 🤔
Veritasium always loves to get controversial xd
Supperb......
pretty sick that we straight up have open source science now through youtube someone makes a claim, people respond with their own views on it, an experiment is done in response and now others can replicate it, criticize it etc. can't wait for the future of this sort of thing
Is this wireless charging?
This is the smartest diss in history
thanks, but why not visualize a simulation of fields in the circuit and surrounding? This explain everything and there is no need for any excessive narrative. This is a college case and should be explained nice and swift.
Still not very clear about your explanation It's not your fault we still don't know it completely
I like the first video, but this one was better. Nice.
As for me just like in a first video you are messing up the things. Definetelly, there will be EM wave when you will switch the trigger and it will pass to the lamp in 1/c time, BUT it will care so little part of power that is not comparable with the power that will spread through the wire and actually energy that will flow in the wire will light the lamp.  This is a Direct Current that not produce any EM waves according to Maxwell equations and only in a very short time while switch is turning on there is a transition process that a very short in time produces oscilations which are produces EM waves which flows through the space directly to lamp. Conclusion - you are wrong the almost all power flows through the wire in a case with a direct current(battery) and it takes time proportional to the length of wire and definetelly not in 1/c.
When people tell you to figure it out, i want this guy on my team lol.
Bravo! You even addressed the concern of the cirkiut being overwhelmed by rf interferance. I believe the 300k long wires in the thought experiment would be overwhemled by RF in the real world, but pretty hard to prove unless I drag out a lot of wire. I've never seen one of these videos I would call bad, but this one knocked the socks of the first one.
Or "How I backtracked from my previous claim and made it seem like it was simply other people not understanding"
I don't think your presentation is fair, you're saying that electromagnetic interference between two systems is that system connecting, when in reality it's unrelated to that system connecting or not entirely.
Thank you for your effort. It opened up a new perspective on how these electronic magic charges work !
Drink every time he says "everywhere throughout the circuit."
Hi Derek, I appreciate a lot your follow up video. When I first saw it, my initial reaction was to comment that a numerical solution to Maxwell's equation would settle it. I'm pretty glad to see I was on the mark on this, and found it very interesting that the lumped model is an approximation to it. However, I still disagree with your conclusion. We already have good systems in place to handle these matters, which is peer review in technical journals.  The way I see it, if you submitted your observations to a journal, like anyone does, a referee would point out that it needed improvement, then you would do the numerical simulation and you would get your result accepted. If you did your video AFTER following this, you would get better arguments from the start. I think you should have the rule in mind that when you disagree with some widespread notion, you do what everyone does, you publish a paper about it, not make youtube videos.
strangely like neurons, electric field drives the potential
But I am interested in the disconnected lightbulb! What happens after a second? Does it turn off again? That's kind of more interesting
Thank you for explaining to me why causality was not broken. It was a great relief 🙂.
The worst part, it's all there. We did learn (about) Maxwells equations in University. But you forget about the implications because of the, most of the time, not very useful bulky calculations. But then you'll get into a project involving very high voltage and microcontrollers.
Legit been questioning whether you're a pseudo scientist, or ahead of the curve lately 😂 Good Video 👍
I like that so many explication videos now exist on this subject all due to a “mistake” video, you should make more “mistakes”. ;)
Yeah. It's 1m/c because that's the speed field information travels. However, it does make sense that the confined field where the real power is takes 1/2 sec in the example, but that's the speed of the charge gradient in a wire so it has to take the long route if there is nowhere easier to go, not at the speed of the field but still really really fast. But it says nothing of the electrons moving discretely. They're just happy to be jiggling and jiggle more in the presence of an electric field such that they do eventually migrate. The migration or drift is even weirder because it's not the batterie's electrons doing the migrating. It's the entire circuit at the same time. All of the electrons are participating and adapting to the field gradient caused by the battery. Electromagnetism is bizarre.
Hooray for discourse!
There is an VERY easy way to eliminate the "sent over the air part". (so your answer is totaly wrong):  Just us a twisted-pair cable. Use one wire to send 5V to the left, and the other one to send 5V to the right. On the Lamp-Side connect this two wires, go throu the lamp, an back using the remainig two wires. So the current is antiparallel an the elektromagnetic waves eleminates each other.
This video proves every YouTube commenter correct. Everyone else is always wrong and "I" am  always right. Sometimes "I"am  everyone else, but will still be right, despite what I'm right about is how I'm wrong.
Thing is that  you did not define what you mean by "on". You never stated that it just goes on "a little".  It is like telling someone to close a valve and he closes it by 5%.
Using two passive probes to simulate a differential probe is a bad idea for this setup. With their bandwidth limitation, parasitic capacitance and long ground leads renders the results difficult to evaluate. Anyway, the scope (yellow trace) clearly shows voltage rising edge of 20ns before reaching 5V. It is the part of the energy coupling across the wires as current starts propagating through the copper. The 1m/c would be 3.3ns. Juice starts flowing after 60ns as expected from 20m/c.
You still publishing papers? Nah… YOUTUBE: The new platform for scientific discussions Nah, I’m kidding, but this is actually amazing!
Very cool when you are already subbed to the other channels highlighted at the end. 😄
Fantastic, Derek! It was superb to see how your original video generated so many reactions and discussions at the technical level, and to see how you revisited the topic. This is a splendid example on how science and engineering is done!!! Many thumbs up to this video!
I think the moral of all of Derek's corrections is to do more thorough explanations.
Thank you Charles Proteus Steinmetz for developing a simple means of approach to an otherwise complex phenomena.  However, in it's simplicity, it has lead to many misconceptions concerning the nature of electricity. I would summarize by saying that the wires of any electrical circuit are the tracks that the electromagnetic field train rides on.  My daughter understood this concept years ago when I took her out and held up a florescent tube that self illuminated under some near by power lines. No wires attached.
This video corrects the original one IN PART, but it makes a DIFFERENT point. When the original video says that the bubble "turns on", every one understands that it turns ON like it would in the STEADY state, not during the transient, for which of course SOME of the energy will be transferred due to an antenna-like transient phenomenon. PLEASE do the QUANTITATIVE simulations to see this. The amount of power transferred through the 1 m gap BEFORE the field runs along the full wire distance is minute because the magnitude of the Poynting vector falls off with the square of the distance (and even 1 meter is sufficient to attenuate it). Besides, only high frequency "quick" transients have any chance to effectively radiate and be reabsorbed near the bulb. You refer to this when you say "wires are more efficient", but again, your are just hiding things under the hug, conveniently, in my opinion, since the original video implied a different point.   ALSO- Try not to say that "electrons collide with IONS" as you did some times, because this puts the discussion at the end of the 19th century. You might keep the phrase "collide with the LATTICE" to hide some of the 20th century Solid State Physics that followed after Drude's model, phonons, etc, since they are not important to your point, which means to be more pedagogical, as I tend to understand it.
So the question boils down to: definition of turns on. Does any current flow? Time depends on physical distance from switch to load. Does full current flow? Time depends on physical length of whole circuit.  The initial current is really a demonstration of transmission line effects and capacitance/mutual inductance  between conductors....  If you arrange the thought experiment as a circle of length C with the load and switch  180 degrees apart the distance from load to switch is C/PI  then I'm thinking you will not see current flow till C or C/2  not at C/PI.
awesome job derek
Great revisit video👍. I was hoping that you could see my response video, but somehow youtube don't push my video anymore.
Derek is such an amazing guy, he reminds me of Richard Dawkins in that he can visualise incredibly complex concepts in his mind, and at the same time, visualise a way of explaining it to a layperson. It takes a big brain to be able to do that.
Wait. So when a battery is dead it just means it lost all its energy because it’s tired of bumping into things? And also because there’s gonna be loss if there’s a field. How do we contain the field?
Love the dedication towards physics
Excellent job!
50 years ago I did my 'A' Level in Physics (High School Graduation equivalent, I think) and I had to resort to doing as I was told about electricity as the subject made no sense (if a wire spinning in a magnetic field generates electricity where do all those electrons come from?). I am now 67 years old and suddenly you make sense of it for me. Thank you so much! I can also remember being asked by my tutor in Physics at university what a field was. Sadly he was trying to work that one out so no answer was forthcoming. Maybe a program on what is a field . . .?
MIND BLOWN CONFIRMED!
Love this video, I think I, like many electrical engineers forget the how the energy actually gets transferred, even though we'll have gone through Maxwell's Equations ad nauseum in University...
nerd insurrection, resurrection
Appreciate this video. Kudos to the curiosity and determination to go deep to understand the underlying laws of physics and educating millions of viewers. Thank you.
Well done for revisiting this.  The original video bothered me, for lots of the reasons mentioned :-) but I am happy now! I’d still like to add the idea of a moveable/adjustable superconductor wall acting as a field barrier in between the battery side and load side of the circuit
And thanks for "clearing up" we should have taken it as a thought experiment.   I It's almost like you were pointing out we should not have been so stupid to think this was an actual question about reality, and it was so obvious. Sorry for thinking about reality when you were trying to teach us about an idealized system which doesn't matter... can you explain why you built an actual one then?  MAKE UP YOUR MIND WHAT YOU WANTED TO TEACH US!  Except, it's more likely you just didn't communicate it well. Look at how many people misunderstood you.  I thought you were a science communicator.
TL, DR¹: there isn't a real distinction between signal and power, signal is more correctly modeled, power is a good simplified model, in some cases (with correctly formulated questions) this is important to remember.  ¹ ok, maybe TL, DW (watched).
Was waiting for this:)
I would have liked to see a labling of the surface charges on a circuit with a break in it with the switch open.  How would this change things?  Also, what happens if, instead of a switch, you insert the battery into the circuit, or have two switches, one on each side of the battery?
As a Computer Engineer I was struggling to understand until you showed the impedance model I remember from college electrical circuits class.
Amazing and shows what is scientific spirit!
Seems to me that you are just trying to justify yourself...
You correct your 1/c seconds to 1m/c seconds. But really, it should just be 1m/c.
haha I love how all the nerds come out of the woodwork to tell the other nerd "YOU ARE WRONG!!!"
I think this guy is putting his name in the Electricity History study with this new concept.  Future will confirm it or not.
The beauty of science : disagreement bringing scientists closer together through experiment.
Thank you for providing us with such great learning content! I always learn something and it's so great to see people collaborate on thinking and illustrating such questions.  The greatest killer to learning today is being afraid to get something wrong, and the current debate manners of many people make it really tough.  So thank you for everyone courageous enough to put themselves out there and create something so great! :)
Scientific method in action: if your claims create controversy, prove them.  I love it. Meanwhile, you've explored a great litmus test that separates the wannabe engineers from the real engineers and from the physicists.
You literally learn about induction in high school. How did people not see that induction due to fields was the answer?
can you do this experiment with AC voltage? I would like to see if it sent more power across the gap
Waiting for Electroboom to drop a video correcting this video.
Why is this a thing still?  This is just a point of view. If what you are trying to say is the only point of view, why the hell do we need conductors?
the video was a huge error in fact, it wasn't confusion, and you further proved that all the other youtube videos are wrong also, because people who can't do, teach
I thought your first video was a perfectly fine explanation given that you are aware that it's the fields that carry energy and not the electrons. Which isn't something I really understood until I took a graduate level biophysical chemistry and had to learn about how spectroscopy and fluorescence actually work (also SPR). One thing which you could have done to further your point is to maybe have just introduced the concept of surface plasmon resonance. Its a demonstratable way to show the inverse, that interactions with the magnetic field can effect the energy of the electric field.
In high school , 35 years ago, my physics teacher made a passing comment about how what he just taught us about how electrons carry electricity through a cable wasn't actually what was going on, but he left it at that, it's bothered me ever since, until now. Thanks for explaining it, I feel like alot of knowledge is getting lost to history for the sake of simplification.
I am now interested in circular circuit and what radius is required beyond which the whole transmission happens only through wire. Assuming the circle is in vacuum.
When I was a kid we took neon bulbs out and stood under high current wires. The neon bulbs would glow. The energy indeed was in the fields.
What I don't understand.... it need a lot of effort to build the experiment, so why don't the team also experiment some variations: a. the long circuit actually not a circuit (the wire is disconnected midway) b. the position of switch is modified c. there is a long parallel free hanging wire d. like (c), but has bulb midway e. like (c), but there are many of it
So when the bulb receives the first bit of electrical power depends on the physical distance between the switch and the bulb, but when receives full circuit power depends on the conductor length? And also the power magnitude of that first bit on the distance between the bulb and the switch? did i get that right?
Here’s me pretending I understood the first video and the follow-up. What a saga 😅
People need to stop challenging this man XD it was clear after the windmill car madness video that veritasium has big "oh yeah? Hold my beer" energy lmao.
Welcome to scientific peer review. This video is a result of it, as well as being proof of its importance.
5:09 shout out Kanye
Peer review in action 😄
Great video and explanation for this non-engineer mind.  I was thinking how electron flow is similar to how nerve transmission functions in the human body via the sodium/potassium pump.  You also created a great example of how science works.  A slight initial mis-description of the experiment led to many intellectuals jumping on the thought/experiment train to conduct other experiments and brainstorming to improve on the initial thought/experiment.  That’s why I laugh when politicians say follow the science (a.k.a. their narrative) or just blindly believe what they tell you as fact when true science changes with improvements over time.
So this was like the trap question that makes every single student fail the test and the teacher laugh, lol
What I was waiting to see was the case where the circuit is broken but the light still turns on
Now I can't wrap my head around how these fields propagate from a power generating station to homes throughout the complexities of Electrical transmission infrastructure
I'm still very confused. But mostly I'm frustrated that my college professors probably didn't understand this - or they chose to simplify it.
A capacitor explain this  as well
I never thought i would see rick hartley on veritasium!!! Some of my 2 biggest inspirations in one spot!!!
I didn't doubt you the first time. I had an incisive instinct about your nature and you seemed to be in the right.
Awesome!
I ❤️ when you uplode videos i ❤️ ur content
'Turns on" implies "and stays on".  You still have not demonstrated the light bulb turning on. at best you'll get a single pulse from your radio signal.  15:40 "We use this technique every time we draw a circuit diagram"  Every time. riiiiight. Like the several minutes of circuit diagrams you just displayed with the electrical (and magnetic) frields had... oh we didn't use them.   Please... stop simplifying the wrong amount! And when something is illustrative, explicitly say it. You made an example to explain something which made it less clear. Please, "lies for children" is one thing, but deliberately miisrepresenting it
Why r u explainig this? Does nobody goes to school in USA today?
Sorry, last video Ill ever watch. Your explanation is far worse from the one that did eevlog, and it shows whos an expert.
Great Video! And now please unwire the hifi Woodoo regarding audio cables.
Yea you’ve lost me 5 mins into the video 😂
This is an excellent example of how science should be done. Hypotheses should be tested to death, and this lives. Love it!
WOW
So wouldn't this mean that two infinite parallel wires would be just as good as an actual loop?
This is the most in-depth/digestible video on the internet. I know this because I spent a whole month looking for something as in-depth as this and never found one, with the exclusion of a small handful that did go this deep, but were geared towards people with advanced phd's.
I think it was the right thing to shout out the other chanels. The first video was really misleading in the ways he acknowledged. But I have to wonder if he was not aware of the issues. He had enough fancy smart people who could have told him the issues and he is just smart enough to know himself. Instead he made the first video way too sansational: look here I will tell you the truth about energy in electric fields. Thereby implying strongly that they lie to you in school an University. It got him millions of extra clicks. Every one of course can make mistakes but one has to wonder...
What if the wires are 50m apart? Will it be 50/C? No, it will not light up. It works because the distance is small. The magnet created by turning on the switch can affect the other side. It should be considered another form of leakage current. The REAL current arrived 1 second later, and your narrative doesn't explain how this real current travels.
Is nobody going to mention the significant losses of DC current distance
Great video! I am an Electronic Engineer and this was a pleasure to watch.
Gorgeous! Keep this work going! Global discourse is what gets humanity to real insight!
Cant wait for your next mistake!
Don't downplay your ability to effectively educate the masses.
19:46 Perhaps the most savvy comeback in modern science. 😂
Thank you for an excellent explanation Derek. But I still want you to confirm this, (which you did say implicitly, I just want an explicit statement). The bulb/LED starts glowing at exactly 1/c seconds after the switch is closed, but it stays dimly lit for 1 second and then glows bright. In order words, the bulb is off from the time period 0 to 1/c seconds, it dimly glows between the time period 1/c seconds and 1 second and then once the electric field wave goes around the entire stretch of the wire, the required (V/R) current starts flowing after 1 second, which means it blows to its full brightness after 1 second.
suddenly, the physicist meltdown from the big bang theory became true lol
I got your point. Just like sound travels in all directions and every ear hears it.. the field only gives the already present electrons to acquire energy
This makes sense to me becuase you had such a high capacitance by exposing the "wires". In reality, they are isolated so the effect of capacitance is neglegible. The current flows because of the capacitances and not the fields. If it was the fields that were carrying the power, then we should see similar results if we use isolated wires as well (becuase isolation doesn't affect the fields). Still struggling to understand how this proved that the fields carry the energy, this just proves that capacitances can carry energy. Which, now that I think about it, might be the point?
I like to think of the the Electric Field as a Conveyor Belt for Electrons. Even back in the 80's when I was studying for my Electrician's License the idea that Electrons pushed each other along seemed inherently wrong to me. Especially having previously read some of Tesla's writings about Electric Fields.
Hands down one of the best videos I have seen on electricity! I had a feeling that many things have been overlooked, but this clears up a lot of misconceptions. Lets dig deeper and decipher the secrets of electricity, space and gravity, so we can take a trip to the moon on weekend and have a massive rave-party there!!!
oh, the shyte you stirred up ... this could break a few people on you tube... great explanation...
Me a high school pass student watching a bunch of science geniuses arguing over something being wrong :👁👄👁
But when the information of increase in electric field reaches the front wire, shouldn't it induce a equal current opposite in direction to make electric field 0 inside again.
b.s.
I'm still confused. So just to be clear the electrons before you put in a battery stay In the same general area but once u put in a battery they move around because of electric field and they don't necessarily have to bump into anything for electricity to flow
This is what you learn in college physics 2
So its just induction?
And for my next trick, twisted pair. The one after that, a (metal) shielded conductor.
Thank you Derek for this follow-up. Its still mind-bending, but extremely informative.  ... while unintended, I ALSO now understand Time Domain Reflectometry much better as well (with some existing knowledge as well about how impedance impacts a moving field).
that was a good one
Sheep analogy is spot on. Nice
Thanks for clearing things up.  Sometimes a missing detail can lead people to incorrect conclusions or even interpret the content as an incorrect conclusion. What you demonstrated also happens in inductors that allow them to essentially current limit due to one set of forces ("magnetic" electric field from eddy-currents) being slower in the opposite direction to the electric fields across the wires (thus the ferrite "core" is essentially the other wire that in the simulations wasn't attached either end yet still got energy, if it were made of steel instead of copper, the coupling effects would be much greater and thus a larger voltage across the disconnected wire.)
I love science debates It's the most entertaining thing to watch period.
Try telling an electrician that electricity doesn't move through wires.
And this is why I love science! Knowledge building up by constructive debates.
Love your work, Derek. Though after your earlier videos about "the algorithm" part of me suspects that your mistakes were not entirely by accident. 🤣 Well played, sir. 🎩
You need to make a distinction between transient voltages at the load and the steady state part of the voltage.  One of the spin-off viedos showed the effects of this transient verses the steady state voltage.  So, aside from the transient reaction, how long does it take for the voltage across the load to reach the battery voltage?  Assuming as you did that the transmission lines have zero resistance.  That would be the rest of this video that you need to include.
Your mistake is deeper. While energy indeed carried by EM field, it caried by the field along and through the wires. The effect that you are clinging on is just a side effect in the transitional period until the steady state established that was the purpose of closing the switch.
13:20 I would loved to see an experiment demonstrating this (a light bulb going on with a incomplete circuit)
One of my favorite channels and the way you responded. Is one of the reasons I love it! Ty for informing and educating all willing listeners and keep up the great work.
Not enough power to create light from the bulb. Nice try at subtly changing your concept to "an appropriate device". You did originally state a light bulb, not an LED.
Let's have a bet!!! Electroboom vs Veritasium
so you just build a bad transformer and put long cables on it... thats lame
I love how much debate your original video caused. It really highlights the difference between the engineering approach to electromagnetism and the approach taken by physics. For example, Newtonian physics is used by engineers around the world to build things, despite being technically "incorrect". It is a tool, and just like with any other kind of tool, one must know its limitations.
Great revisit I am so happy you took the time to go deeper. Thanks thanks thanks
You should have kept the light bulb. Not a resistor.
I just turned on my switch. Did your bulb turn on? Our radio receive the em waves as soon as the antenna is hot (~light speed). If you assume bulb can work with negligible power, then it seems this description is correct. I think this was a twistedly posed problem to confuse electrical guys :) . With reserved freedom of explanations...if we can assume this much long wire has negligible resistance. We can can expect many answers also ..
This is brilliant, Derek! I'm still semi-illiterate in electricity, but now I know something fancy about it that many people don't, haha! Great watch as always.
Sooo batteries are just charged Maxwell's Demons?
This reminds me a lot of how the heart works. The heart is not a pump, it passively expands and contracts. The blood flows due to the negatively charge vessel walls. Oversimplifying here, but you should look into it.
Unfortunately more nonsense. Electrons do not flow inside the wire. Electricity flows on the outside of the wire, the magnetic field is centered inside the wire but extends far out side the wire and is perpendicular to the flow of current. Electricity is a fluid that is held to (reflected from) the wire on one end and terminates in the earth on the other end. Its a difficult concept to wrap your head around, a fluid held in place by pressure (voltage) on the outside of the "pipe". Modern physics does not have the correct theories to understand electricity and is confusing everyone with their idea of electrons which don't exist and have never been isolated. Do you know where the idea of electrons comes from ? Pure imagination. Wrong thinking. And then a system that only allows this nonsense to be accepted. If you want to get a PhD in physics you must accept with blind faith GR and QM and this is why science today is nothing but really bad religion.
enjoy your nobel price bro
Another way to get around the "causality problem": If there is a break far away down the line, you basically have one transmitting and one receiving antenna. When the switch is pressed, a voltage wave in the transmitting wire will start to propagate. The receiving line can pick this up just as your phone communicates with a far away mast. When the voltages has evened out, no signal is any longer transmitted and the light goes out unless it is a closed circuit. I think that what this video cleared out is that for the first moments, we are looking at a dynamical problem whereas the closed-circuit model is valid when we have reached equilibrium.
that is still a transmission line. the energy is transmitted from 1 line to the other
After the first video I had so many questions, that went to look other 5-10 videos that explained me. So thank you anyway :)
The moment you showed how a resistor works in the visualization of matter and interactions, I clicked and I understood how electricity works. You did what multiple physics teachers and several professors were unable to do … or, to be precise, the matter and interactions authors did, but you brought it to me. So thanks! Great video!
I love your videos! This is great!  I feel like I have learned something amazing today.
@VERITASIUM Hi Derek, I keep thinking about Newton's cradle in relation to this topic of electromagnetic energy transmission.
there are youtubers whose do react videos about theoretical science, wow
@veritasium next video idea. What is the nature of Force? What is Force.
you're a charlatan Veritasium
One of the main mistakes you made is to say that electrons and magnetic fields are separate, when they are inter connected. One can not exist with out the other. When charging your phone or toothbrush with magnetic transfer of energy you loose about 70% to 90% of the energy due to the space between the source and destination. And this has been done in transformers for a long time, same principal used in a different way. The energy from the field that was faster then the main source energy from electrons and wire distance would not be enough energy to light a filament bulb or led bulb as shown in your original video. I understand your point. But it is wrong and try to teach that to someone that is starting to learn about electricity.
Lesson learned. To ignite people, you should do more mistakes. :)
The dress is white and gold
the leakage current that our big iranian friend talks about is very clear with high efficient LED's nowadays, in night they will slightly glow even when Neutral is disconnected. They just run on live + earth with very very low luminiation, but visible to human eye
Respect to Veritasium, he's what a real truth seeker should be, and responds to mistakes in a professional matter. It takes integrity to do that. He's a boss, just like Electroboom.
I consider this whole thing a huge success!   It got people talking, which is what is great about science! Well done to everyone involved!
If you say the science makes sense, I believe you, but without a demonstration I won't fully believe the part about the disconnected wire. Please follow up just one more time with a demonstration that shows a fully disconnected wire next to this set up and show us what current runs through it when you flip the switch. It would be cool, and it's what I think is the only thing missing from this video.
What an interesting video.  As a high Voltage linemen I have experienced this field while working under transmission lines.  We measured voltage on our truck of 275 volts measured truck to dirt.  We could also take light bulbs and light them up while connected to nothing, just under the lines.  Really cool stuff.  Still a bit hard to wrap ones head around, but i think you did a great job
Yes so satisfying!
Excellent man! And of course, Max's equations 😋
Call me cynical, but I'm not impressed. The original question was set up in a way that didn't really prompt us to think about the capacitance between the wires. It appeared like an idealized textbook problem. It wasn't technically deceptive, but enough so to prompt the resulting controversy. The controversy then provided the foundation for this video, which is basically a roundabout way of explaining that capacitance exists, which I don't think warrants this level of built-up and can be shown without all the bells and whistles. Granted, the surface-charge explanation was very good and I appreciate that, I just think it could have been done without all the antics.
This was awesome, Derek!
Dose the charge come from the Sun ? The field has a variable frequency.?
In hindsight, it makes sense. After all, as a layperson, this seems to be how transformers work - passing electrical energ via field. In this sense, the single circuit is a misdirection because of those misperceptions Derek noted.
better video this time.  BUT  its totally pointless as you should have just shown a 1:1 transformer, and that would have covered it..
Mic drop *boom*
Ok, good explanation. This time I believe you :)
I wish I had watched this video in my first year of electrical engineering graduation. A lot of things would make much more sense.
10:10 Yes you've explained these well in the last video, this is how I understood them.  So if were gonna delve deeper into Electrical Engineering with resistance and stuff... I guess that's cool too.
The answer become apparent once you realize that, for the amount of time it takes the field to traverse the wire and become steady state, you have just created a radio transmission.
This video was far better than the previous one, but I think you didn't prove your point. You were a bit misleading in the previous and you did intentionally encourage the wrong guess (by leaving out the units for example), which is not how a problem should be presented. This video is far better, but you didn't go far enough. The voltage was obviously not 1/2 as we are used to see in a transmission line. You didn't explain why. Also you didn't quantify how much of the voltage and how much of the power (theoretically) should reach the bulb in before the time it lights up all the way and what does the voltage and power depend on. If you quantify this you can scale up and explain if the length was 1 light year the power in % will be the same as in scaled down version. If it doesn't scale up well your answer in the previous video is not correct. So that's why I think you didn't prove your point. You need to show with math that the bulb will actually light up (seen by naked eye) when you apply reasonable voltage (for example 12V or 220V, but not 100 000 kV or something).
🤯
If you do not get shocked during the course of the experiment I will not trust your results.
My man took that on his pride... Nice...
I love your sweater!
probably the only internet controversy I cared about
Oh the big guns are here from LIGO.
Definitely do need to watch it multiple times to understand it completely 😅😅..
Since I learned about magnetism in primary school back then, I was facinated by it, I told myself this is the future
Muito melhor do que o primeiro vídeo. E a confusão que Derik gerou foi excelente para ver que, se algo for dito de estranho, muita gente vai criar conteúdo dizendo o que está incorreto ou estranho. Parabéns por esse vídeo, Veritassium
Very interesting. Great research and thought experiment. I had many questions after the first video abou the nature of fields
You are wrong. The original video was saying energy was solely carried by electric field, not wire. Why are there two waves then? Why is the major part of energy came 1 second later? The induced current travel through space the same way you move a magnet close to a metal, and close a switch does create induced current. But that's not what you said, you said ALL energy was transferred this way.
Medhi do you confirm?
I'm still confused. I think you are missing the point: are the wires isolated or not?
This entire discussion is a pretty good approximation of how all questions went during Electrical Engineering courses. Questions have to be very specific.
Nice comeback!  This little experiment touches on three major aspects of electrical engineering.  Basic ohms law, transmission line theory, and RF theory.   Each of these are their own specialized fields.  And probably the most interesting part of this is that, ultimately, how we view circuits depends on what kind of data rates (changing signals on the line) we care about.   So in the old days when I was throwing together 1 MHz 6502 circuits I could have wires hanging out everywhere without much thought and it would work.  But increase that to 10 MHz 10 years later and suddenly we get into the realm of transmission line theory, where the impedance of the traces really begins to matter because reflections start to interfere with the signal.  Push that up into the hundreds of MHz and GHz another decade after that (talking about digital signaling here, not radio), and now we are well into RF theory where we have to care a lot more about where the electric field is actually going, which means we care about the full loop electric field for the signal line pair (now a pair instead of a single signal line that uses the power-plane or the ground-plane for the return),  And, ultimately, push it up even higher, into the Terahertz range, and now we are talking about photonic circuits and everything changes again.  Now signals are being sorted out by silicon combs.  -Matt
LOL!!!   "The clue that this is actually a thought experiment is the two light-seconds of superconducting wire that stretch out into space."
i hate electrical engineering ! so confusing !
Right or wrong, this is science!
So glad you did a follow up, I've been thinking about the first video since it aired.
Derek may be a professor, and have a deep understanding of physics, math and it's properties, but to call him a mathematician is laughable. A philosopher at best.
This video is incredibly valuable!
I love science battles, polite ones though ♤  😀
my boy derek clowning on the physics world THAT'S RIGHT BABYYYY
there is a "sweech" on my sandweech?
I think it just due to change in electric potential which leads to change in magnetic flux which in turn induced electric current at source. Could you please justify
in my basic electricity class in high school, my teacher related electricity as honey and slinky. the electrons flow like honey through a pipe, but they influence each other like a slinky. they may move slow but the energy they carry travels at or near the speed of light
I'm just happy that someone understands this, even if it's not me.
The experiment would not have given you a detectable result if you had arranged the conductors in a circle instead of in two straight lines. You're just using your "lighbulb" resistor to detect current, it doesn't even have to be connected to the circuit in the position you currently have it in.
Wait your name is derek?
I think you could say about both videos and the corresponding responses: "The are only happy accidents" :)
This is the side of Youtube I actually love. The side that creates the future, learns and grows.
Okay, all of the actual information is very interesting, but the fact that the pre-light-delay voltage is only 20% of the steady-state voltage still feels like a bait-and-switch.
That original video, did you film it at the top along Mulholland Road?
Why use wires at all?
What a serendipitous collaboration!
god i hate physics so much, every time i think i know how something works some nerd comes along and goes “hey you know that thing you think you know? turns out it works the complete opposite way but we have to dumb it down for you and your caveman brain”
Brilliant!! Regards from an electrical engineer.
I assume a circuit of a wire around the earth won't work, because there is no field build up?
I don't care who is correct, I'm just a college dropout listening to any scientific argument 😅
Ok, lets give a cut with the conspiracy theories. Electric power flows through metallic conductor from the difference of potential! Power is carried by electrons on metalic conductor and by ions on fluids! (Electrolis work on that principle)! Diods, semiconductor transistors works on that principle.
This was a very complicated way to say that the expansion of a magnetic field when you close a DC circuit induces current in neighboring wires.
Derek is even more handsome when being criticized and aware of the mistakes he has made when he has simplified the initial explanations. Derek is certainly a great soul.
Rick Hartley <3
I'm cursing Electromag now at Uni and this whole thing was great to illustrate what is going on. Most of all, I appretiate all the simulation and experiments that people did. It was way more detailed than anything I'm having in class and helped me a lot.  Also, this second video was very well done and addressed all the doubts I had in the first one. It's funny how the first one broke the internet for a weak. Well, the nerd side of the internet anyway.
The guy did 500k views in 5 hours. The quality of this is amazing.
Edit: after watching this video the second time. I think this video is actually quite excellent.  No one thinks about transmission line problem when thinking about circuit. The video from the pcb designer hit me quite hard. He seems to care about it. Which means it has importance in practical sense. --------- I think nobody with knowledge doubted that the light would be on. All of them said that the light won't be visible at all. You need the whole wire to have electric field which takes equivalent to the wire length. An antenna is an antenna because it is so inefficient. I think this whole experiment is not really productive. In my opinion one of the worst veritasium video.
I am having flashbacks to my E&M course in undergraduate studies in the physics department. I just found the book I used from that the other day, too. It is always fun to consider what is *really* happening that our equations are modeling.  Because this touches on - heck, is basically all about - wireless power transfer, I think it worth pointing out that a really cool and important study of this field (pun gleefully embraced) is in how to make the "intended receiver" "draw" the field to itself. That is, maximize the amount of the field pointing right from the source to the desired target, still without wires connecting them.
When I saw the first video, I immediately thought you were talking about induction, but waived that thought when it became clear that the assumption was that the bumb would be "on on" after 1m/c seconds, which I thought was unlikely.  Thank you for making that second video.
Derek is such a good educator, but I believe he uses the word 'misconceptions' incorrectly. This is disinformation or misinformation by the educations we have received (at least in America)... Although assuming no malintent by them, it is a tough subject and in most physics 100-200 levels, its easier to not teach this and teach the misinformation for simplification's sake. This is why we all should be wary when someone says they're fighting 'disinformation'... Just becasue you're not learning or hearing the ultimate take, doesn't mean it isn't worth listening to.
Robert feranec did the best explanation on your video.
Electricity is magic, got it.
Alpha Phoenix already did a Similar experiment 👀👀
11:20 ish: "The new electric field from the modified surface charges radiates outwards at essentially the speed of light," What do you mean by '"essentially?"  Why not the speed of light itself? And doesn't that change the anser from "1/c" to "1/essentially c"?
Hey Veritasium, your original video is very significant, I got my kids talking to me about electricity and fields.
This video makes me so happy. Obviously with the production value Dirk can't turn around a video super quick but I thought this topic was finished. I love Dirk, I love Mhehdhi, this is so cool.
Another fun related question: how much voltage do you see across the switch when you turn it off?
Well done man, bravo 👏👍 proud of you man, and you definitely responded with class
12:57 But if the circuit was broken somewhere, it WOULDN'T turn on, because in order for the switch to generate an electrical field, you would have to have a (in this example) positive charge on the other side of the switch to react to when closed. But if the circuit is broken somewhere, the electrons cannot rearrange themselves in a way to create a positive charge, making it impossible to generate an electric field by closing the switch.  Please correct me if I'm wrong but I think that's how it should work
Physics videos by Eugene Khutoryansky do a better job at explaining how electricity works. Thank me later
After seeing the 3D visualisation it really just reveals how much this concept makes sense. Like, of course it's the fields. Once you point it out like that it just clicks. Wow
Does anyone else watch this to feel smart? I still don't know whats going on but just glad to be here
Link to original video?
Just like your discovery about when science videos are the most effective: Create some mismatch or (prediction) error and watch people’s mental lightbulbs turn on. Great job in explaining and synthesizing!
This little debate has been such an awesome story to watch.   It's the inner workings of the scientific community, only played out in layman's style.
Great and long explanation how does induction work. Clap. Clap. Clap.
F*cking magnets, how do they work. We see here, nobody really knows. There is electromagnetic field, they say, but what is that all about?
ElectroBoom is a hoot
The fact that you and your team revisit and correct/clarify older videos in this much detail is a real testament to your dedication to education, rather than just fire-and-forget "interesting stories."
this video is government propaganda, electricity doesn't exist
BOOM! Uhhh pretty sure he covered all the bases on this one. All the credentialed backup explanations were just extraflex.
load
Can someone explain why electric fields from one circuit don't interrupt others? There's gotta be huge electric fields everywhere from what I understand in this vid
imho opinion most of the misconceptions regarding electricity comes from the visualization of electrons as "little balls" or "entities" of its own, if schools and (sorry) ppl like you that talk about science, start to talk about electron field, wave function and propagation, it would be much easier to understand it, there's no need to go too deep into quantum mechanics to visualize how the electron field in a conductor is free to fluctuate and generate the current. My point being, the more you understand how electricity works the more you perceive the flaws in the "discrete packets" model.
@18:25 Techy butt-clench. Caaaareful! Caaaareful! (The price of that scope is "contact us" level - about $30K+, even as a discontinued model - MSO9404A).
Thank you for covering this topic. You have cleared up a question I have had for many years. Viz., why doesn’t the circuit run out of electrons?
Tune in next week for next episode of The Current Wars
SO THATS WHY I WAS AN UNHAPPY INDIVIDUAL
I am James Clerk Maxwell and I endorse this video.
That definitely needed to be a 2 episodes serie. Thank you Derek to bring us to thinking.
Confused... is or isn't there an electric field in the wire? I thought you said the field moved outside the wire? So why is in "missconcenption 1" there a field inside the wire?
Knowing you, those small mistakes/omissions were probably calculated and intentional to bait everyone into your 4d educational chess move.
You make the MOST insightful videos! I can't tell you how much I am enjoying this. I have to stop half way because I have some students coming in right now, but I can't wait to show this to my physics students. We are learning about electricity and magnetism right now. Will we understand everything, I don't think so. BUT you create such interest and answer SO MANY questions! Anyway, thanks. I know something like this takes a ton of time to make, but I appreciate it.
nice redemption arc
Wow, that was just great. And (as you kindly imply in every millisecond of your videos) it's never a fight but just the meeting of poor souls, lost on the crust of this planet and trying to understand how things really work. My compliments 😊.
I love these follow-up videos. That’s how science works
Apology Video: Science Version  Coming soon
RF engineer here.  Great to see HFSS!  Antenna engineers think in Maxwell’s equations all the time.  Imagine it as impedance matching the conducting structures to the impedance of free space.  Would love to see you delve into antenna design at some point.
Well done with the experiment. "Thinking in voltages" is still thinking in fields as the field is a change in voltage with respect to distance. The thing that's easily forgotten is the field is not constrained to the wires. The wires merely guide it.
I am impressed, Respect++ 👍🎓🎓
Does this video suggest the principles governing the workings of an AC transformer still work because the only thing moving the electricity between two isolated circuits is the magnetic field?   Interesting the answer to this thought experiment was in PCB designers who knew how to contain the electrical fields for a signal through a copper trace. Now I wonder if this experiment will result in the same values in a vacuum.
The explanation is much clearer with this setup; even though I think I know what you meant in the 1st video. A couple of points that confuses me still though a) oscilloscope time scale is 50ns? and b) should coaxial cable (also a type of wire technically) change the answer? Thanks!
I really glad that you made the first video before because that one generated this second one. Debate, contradiction and mistakes are part of road toward to progress and breakthrough in science and technology. Thank you for your hard work and keep going with your amazing videos👍
My grandad used to call this effect, "turning on the radio", but he is long gone, and this knowledge is lost!
Calling Alpha Phoenix...
I don't fully understand this, but one day I will. Great content though 👍🏼
Did you really just Posted two videos within a week😱😱😱
Does that mean that the battery is primarily there to provide a gradient to "activate" the field?
Here we go again 😛
My brain too smooth for this
It’s also important to realize that if this wire had some resistance, the Poynting vector would also point into the center of the wire, to compensate for heat energy radiating outward. Your model is that of an EM wave traveling along the wire length, but in a circuit , the E field is along the wire, not perpendicular to it.
Butthurt the video
But how is it that other things dont turn on near the fields of something that has been turned on. Why do only the things connected by wires react to the fields, and not things near those fields. I dont understand
Fantastic follow-up. Exactly what I wanted from the last video.
FINALLY! THANK YOU!!!
Everyday we get closer to Tesla's vision
Quality educational video.
Summary of argument: “Assuming a spherical cow”.
The time Veritasium (kinda) became Mendacium. XD
Yup
After watching the first video the idea hadn't really clicked on me, it felt like different but related scientific concepts had been thrown and I left feeling how this topic was way over my head. After this one tho, It's still way over my head but I managed to grasp the concept and can now revisit the first one with some context. Cool of you to make a refutal video/redo when you could've just simply went "they just don't get it". The graphics helped a ton
OMG
I mean that’s why antennas exist.
so can someone explain me how is this different from induction ? he could have simply said the bulb glows due to induced current .
I feel like Derek was really defeated at the end. He's works so hard on these videos and recently all he's been getting is hate for every little nuanced thing
Making the first video less than perfect made the whole thing more interesting due to everyone's reactions. So... success!
👏👏👏
I'm starting to suspect he's just repeating what others will tell him. Every time there are flaws in his conclusions. Like if the current is alternated then why returning electrons don't bring the energy back to the source. Now he's stating that in every fragment of the wire the overall charge is zero despite that excess of electrons is supplied by the battery. Or if the flow of the electrons in and out of the battery is the same how the battery can supply power... And why the surface charge created by the very same electrons moving towards the surface (by the way he conveniently skip why they move in a such manner) can force the electrons to move but the field created by the excess of the electrons (the water tubes model) can not.
Derek, great job on the explanation, really deep and illustrative. After I saw the criticising videos, I was looking forward your response :)
I appreciate the magic school bus more and more for giving me such a good base of knowledge for many things.
This video has just increased my respect for this channel. After being ridiculed by most of the youtubers, Derek didn't feel agitated or maybe angry. He just saw opportunity for another video with better explanation and that just blew my mind. Derek is a true disciple of science. Science is less about being correct and more about collaboration! By mentioning the names of the you tube channels that challenged him in the first place at the end of the video was just bang on!! Derek please keep uploading such videos and make us aware about the intricate details of how science works!!
Muchas gracias. casi todo lo que nos han enseñado en las escuelas esta mal. La verdadera Ciencia esta naciendo y el Profesor Veristasium (y este canal) se estan convirtiendo en un pilar. de nuevo Gracias. Saludos.
Maxwell's 1st equation ~ Gauss's law
Happy little accidents =)
R u the social battery and switch?
That's a much clearer video, what I find most surprising is the fact that a non negligible amount of energy is transferred. Granted we're assuming that our light bulb impedance matches the line, but still.
I think it's great that you admitted the shortcoming in your original video, massive kudos. Perhaps it comes down to semantics about what people consider 'on'. However, I have a bone to pick:  I have a massive, fundamental, issue with someone using simulations to demonstrate their fundamental understanding of something. A simulation is a tool you use once you know what the fundamental (or dominant) physics of your problem is. A simulation can only analyse the physics it was built to approximate. Statements like "You can see it does not flow in the wire" do absolutely nothing for me.  Does the software even attempt to solve for the field inside the wire? This is very poor arguing.  As a case example: I build fluid models (professionally), where you can choose a perfectly incompressible fluid or a weakly compressible one, or hell even a fully compressible one, you can choose to model surface tension or not, you can choose to make it iso-thermal or not, you can choose to make it turbulent or not, you can even choose to simulate phase change or not. Now imagine someone used one of those models, perhaps without surface tension, and then claimed that surface tension had no effect on a particular case? Would this be a reasonable argument? It's a classic straw man, you set it up to get the result you wanted.
What I still fail to grasp is how is this ANY different from a current including a magnetic field, which then propagates to induce an electric current in the other wire?
That background music would sound cool in a float tank.
Yeah inductance is pretty nuts! Steven Mould had a video that showed a light that couldn't be turned off with a long enough cord.
Why did you end up recommending youtubers who explained the circuit incorrectly though?
it's the same thing from electroBOOM vs Walter Lewin all over again
I learned and understood a lot more in 30mins than I did all my student years....
I feel like I understood your concept from the original video lmao. Still a great clarification, and honestly this just solidified the concept more in my mind
"actual speed of these electrons is very fast, around a million meters per second" but... the speed of light is just under 300,000 m/s. That cannot be the actual speed of those electrons.
a note to engineers: do not ignore maxwell's equations
What if you place a separate light bulb in between the battery and the connected light bulb? WIll it turn on? Why doesn't everything in your house turn on a little bit because there are so many cables everywhere? Why don't we get electrocuted if all the energy is in the fields?
Yes we needed this
I would say from the responses to your first video. Well most of the electrical engineers need to refresh their knowledge of physics and Maxwell equations. Nope, most of the EEs are not that great with explaining physics even though they do know good enough approximations to do their business. But that's not the complete picture. Thank you Derek, reminding us about the complete picture.  And I love your humble response.
Well defended, sir. I love this channel for exposing the basis for our most popular, and simplified proofs. I suppose authority has appealed to so many that even our leaders have forgotten, (or in some cases never learned) the origins of the shorthand that we use to probe the universe. Thank you.
Veritasium is one of the best YouTube channels out there and has been for a very long time! These two videos are great! Thanks Derek!
Always funny to me when people overlook the influence of EMF
ELI 5: My neighbour sure does want this electron! here you go! Hmm, I don't have an extra electron anymore, I really want one of those - oh my other neighbour has one he's not using, he'll give it to me. And so on.  Thus the question "How many amps does this draw?"
So it’s kind of like lightning following a wires path, not electricity flowing through wires like water?
The truth, as an electrical engineer, is that it doesnt work.
Do all electrical engineers understand this?
Why is this model elevated so high?
Yes, this is good. Clears up the vagueness of the first video. I just have one problem with this, maybe it's just semantics, but it's the statement  "the main actors are the fields, they are what carries the energy". Okay, suppose you have a light source shining on a light detector and you stick your hand in the way of the light beam. Now did your hand block the light or was it your hand's shadow? Well it's a pointless question because you can't have the shadow without the hand, and vice versa. Similarly those EM fields don't exist without the moving charge carriers. You can't look at the fields or the charge carriers in isolation, they only exist as part of the system of fields and charges. So can you really say that it's the fields which carry the energy when the fields only exist because of the charges? Fields moving charges, moving charges making fields... the whole system moves energy from point A to point B.
Wait there, is my turn to do the experiment
We dont deserve derek
Thank you so much for the revisit! I have been thinking about and trying to make sense of your first video since you released it, and now I feel like I have a good understanding of what is happening in an electric circuit.
really interesting, keep going
The best way to learn is to make a wrong assertion. People love correcting people.
Now most looking forward to the reaction videos to this follow up. It has been a very interesting online debate so far, hopefully it isn't over yet.
Veritasium: Science  Electricians: no no no no no  Veritasium: Science  Electricians: NO NO NO NO NO NO!!  Veritasium: SCIENCEEEE  Electricians: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I don’t know why people still bet against derek. They just get destroyed whenever the second video goes up. I like how he’s after the truth and correcting misconceptions instead of just taking the easy way out by explaining over-simplified (most of the time misleading) models.
I just think about all the science videos I watched as a kid. We just take in the information and assume it’s correct and fixed. It’s not often you get to see real time science discussions happening. I feel like to truly learn science is to understand that it goes beyond simply knowing. It’s a methodology for understanding. The greatest experts can be wrong but also many of their contributions are because they openly acknowledged their naysayers.
well done. I suppose the focus shuold be on the fields.
As an electrical engineer in college , this video clears up so much about electricity. Amazing work Derek!⚡
Been waiting for this one for a minute now 😂 so glad you followed up on this!
Rick Hartley sound like Mike Ehrmantraut from Breaking Bad
Meanwhile me an Average Human understanding nothing
Woah, he did it. Also that's the same toothbrush I have... Kinda... Cool but yet creepy at the same time I love it lol
Great video!
Nice man,  Very informative video for me (both the previous and the current one). I also watched two answer videos to your challenge. Very brilliant, especially the Alpha Phonex. Thank you all guys 😀
This is why I quit my EEE degree and became a photographer
Thumbnail misleading, i expected a 2 light second cable. great video
The original made it seem like the wires didn't matter and made no mention of the induction distance. If you spread your wires around ten meters apart instead of one, the induction between the two might not even show above the noise level. That also wasn't mentioned In this video. The distance between switch and load matters a lot when it comes to seeing any inducted load and also changes the overload curve when you finally get the wire signal.
In all the video you have not said what did you mean with “leakage current”. In this circuit and for such time interval, the “leakage” is *actually * the current that lights the lamp.  Also… the Energy *is* in the voltage multiplied by electrical charge by definition. It is not a mistake. The voltage between two points (in the space, and this is independent from a cirucit) is defined by the work made by the an electrical force longside a line … and the electrical force is the charge multiplied the field. 1V=1J/1C
This probably explains why static electricity from petting my dog in the winter caused an LED candle a meter away to light up briefly
I can't seem to wrap my head about this tho.  If different kinds of matter are defined by the number of protons and electrons orbiting them, why aren't they morphing into other matter if they keep losing electrons then gain them again.)
I love when science Youtubers make videos that spark debates, it makes for a great way to discover new channels and go deeper into subjects that might not otherwise get their own video. your windkite videos and Steve Mould's chain fountain effect are other great examples of this.
Alright, now do another one where you explain how electricity actually works based on quantum mechanics 😛 Only half joking.
very neis
It's crazy how we have studied electricity so much yet till this day there are people debating on how actually it works, I mean we know so much yet so little, even I found Derek's explanation incomplete/Unsatisfactory  but now i am even more confused. Need to watch again.
One thing that is stuck in my mind is how can a (LED) bulb go on if the circuit is not complete as described in min 13:20. I would love to hear an explanation of how that happens.
I love the responses the initial video prompted. It was like productive science drama. The best kind of drama.
A seemingly great example of when a group of YouTubers all jump on one topic and copy the first person that made the claim.
The idea you were trying to portray transcended your single video and started a conversation that briefly spanned half the science/technology youtube space.  How could that ever be a failure. Props to you for getting people talking, focus on that not the minutia of small qualifications you should have initially made. 👍
It was always in the fields
Do a similar video related to gravitational field
Hey Derek, great revisit to this topic! Are you gonna revisit your musical parody: "What is Electricity?" as well?
Good revisit! So the transversal area of a conductor does not define it's capacity to transfer electricity. According to 6:20 it is defined by its surface area? Of course, for cylindrical wires, as you make them thicker surface area increases too. This should be easy to prove experimentally with non cycildrical wires vs cylindrical ones but with same transversal area, right?
Great. We do NOT understand reality, the physics of nature. We DO understand models, many models, each replaced by a better model. Better because it has predictive power. But ALL are approximations. Thanks for improving my model. God understands  this stuff but humans don't. Interesting that you put a PCB designer on. I did that for a while (before auto routing took over). I also understand radio antennas (again when modeled and lumped a bit) from ham radio. Flip that switch seven million times a second with a 20 meter long circuit (no light bulb) twenty foot up and you can talk to Europe. Interestingly, if you replace the wire with a slot cut into a larger conductive sheet it all still applies. The charges line up on the slot edges. That's called a slot antenna. Veritasium is in the top one percentile of science on youtube.... but my spell checker says Veritasium not a "real" word. I'm in good company here because I can't spell either.
The big issue I had was that you used the Poynting Vector to concluded that "the power flows between the battery and the light, not along the wires."  You set the record straight here by showing how the Poynting Vector shows the energy flowing along the outside of the wires due to the surface charge of the wires. It seems to me that the small amount of current that initially flows corresponds to the part of the Poynting Vector that flows between the battery and the lamp, and the rest of the current comes from the rest of the Poynting Vector along the outside of the wire.
Just as I  was taught in my E&M courses.   People have a hard time understanding Maxwell's equations.   Imagine being the first person who understood all this.  It just illustrates why Maxwell is regarded as one of the most groundbreaking scientists, on par with Newton.
And so we make progress!
Because of you, a 12th grade student like me also understood this concept. Thank you :)
A debate on the internet that mangles the original statements and explanations? I am flabbergasted that such a thing could ever happen! (sarcasm)
He had to make a second video to explain how it works to all the supposed "smart" people. Thank you Veritasium
As a grad student who just finished Electrodynamics, this is all quite common sense - hilarious how much uproar it brought on 😂   Thanks for spreading the knowledge!
This video singlehandedly changed how I think about electricity and deconstructed many misconceptions I had on the topic. Thanks for the knowledge bomb.
This finally makes so much sense - I love the debate the original video spurred, I think that's one of the things your videos do best
What about voltage drop!? I think that light bulb would not light up at all,. Haha Cheers!
what about the Aurora Borealis on the sunny side of the long wire?
Great video! I've never seen such an in-depth analysis of this "simple" topic
How electricity works ? Me who plugs a powerbank to itself : Don't ever use the word "smart" with me
I stopped watching your videos after the last fiasco, gave you a chance.  I'm done.  All you managed to do was agree with your critics, while still mixing up multiple models of electric field propagation.  Guess what: the electric field that reaches the bulb is a Feynman integral of reflected paths, and the "direct" path carries very little field.
Well the animation of the magnetic field on the battery is wrong. The magnetic field is 90° rotated to the wire and flow of energy.
Derek was right, the field transmitted the power, not the wire. There is a reason complicated circuits that have high power cables and signal wires all routed together have the signal wires shielded. If the signal wires aren't properly shielded and grounded EMI will interfere with the discrete signals from the EMF of power sources and their cables. I have seen the results of  EMI severely interfering with completely unrelated circuits and it can cause some insane faults.  Being taught wrong about basic electrical principles from an early age makes it very hard to grasp this concept. It took me years to unlearn what I thought I knew about the flow of electricity
So this is why we can turn on a light bulb when we get close to a Tesla coil
I really appreciate this follow-up, I didn't quite grasp the idea in the first video but I feel like I understood it a lot better this time around.
12:53 yeah, that part covers and  explains what confused lots of people, including me!
Beautifully thorough and concise. This should be required viewing material for all aspiring Electrical Engineers.
This guy got really offended and answer all question with gravity pun intended
I was really confused by your first video. This makes so much more sense. I was definitely confused by your statement where you said that the lightbulb would turn on. I understand now that you meant current would flow and the current is high enough to light up an LED, but I thought you were talking about an incadescent bulb or something similar. I appreciate the effort put into bringing this exploration and explanation to us.   I do also think this is a great lesson in how educational content can be misconstrued and why specificity is mandatory when communicating.
So basically anything is an antenna, wires are just worse antennae because they act like waveguides when the wavelength is not comparable with the wire's length (that's what the PCB designer was probably talking about)
hmm yes
So does this mean that wireless charging uses more electricity then wired charging?
I forgot. I never knew.
respect... for creating debates and unveil the truth and engaging everyone with science....
As with everything in science, it all depends on the level of application. Newton's Law of gravitation is perfect for sending missions to mars and calculating orbits, but Einstein's Relativity deepens into the actual reasons behind gravity showing that space-time is not a stage but the leading actor in the whole matter. This doesn't mean that Newton was wrong, it just means that he only could zoom in so far into the matter. This doesn't mean Einstein's Special and General Theory of Relativity is useless, it is in fact needed in many applications where those differences can impact the outcome, for example in practical things like GPS or interpreting correctly what you see through powerful telescopes where gravitational lensing occurs. In this case, is the same, some applications seem to show you can neglect this effect, but others will show you it is important to consider it and even exploit it. We are seeing this now with nanoelectronics and we are gonna see more of this as technology progresses. To be fair, I get why some people thought the previous video was misleading, but if you pay attention you realize he was just trying to expose a point, something fundamental about physics that not many people take into account and he is right.
What about wires that are insulated from magnetic fields? Data cables in aircraft would not work if you are right.  There is still a problem with this model.
Those Ben Watson models are fantastic.
May the force be with you
Why do the wires channel the electromagnetic fields ?
I love that a video on electrical engineering (which I thought back in college a boring topic for most people or at the very least not a super popular topic) has so much engagement online ... Ofcourse the people interested are all into this type of topic but I love that the internet has brought all those people together ...
I wonder what Charles Proteus Steinmetz or Oliver Heaviside would think about you guys trying to describe how electricity works without the dielectric?
Another Channel to recommend that made use of AlphaPhoenix and ElectroBoom visuals but never gets a recognition, but answers most of the questions from their fanbase. Like when your previous video was wrong - not by much, but slightly. Or When ElectroBoom started very respectful conversation with physicist who acted towards him like a douche (something how Elecric engineer don't know REAL Physics and that would be seen in only very specific circumstances ", despite being one of the best professors YT has. They took Mehdi side and I think also used different  Alpha phoenix. rebuke to that professor. Their name is RSD academy! Give them a shout out if you can as well! - you basically click the video and you kn it's him, because he says: "Hi I'm Bob Duhamel" If its not - then it's likely that some other people want to use that small recognition that they have.  So you admitted that the language was incorrect or at least very easy to "misunderstood" since that claim that there would be no leakage wasn't exactly addressed (though can be inferred from the video - IDK whether before or after. Apologies), but you've addressed it after talking about super-conductors. If we allow for supper conductors, we can Allow ElectroBOOM - his "bulb will be always bright".... "moment", I guess?  Fantastic video. Wow. Just Wow And It was a long time since I've tried 420 - so this took me like an hour to write. Not true. 56 minutes. Have a good day and we await more on what happens in Universe. And there will be no legit clashes on this anymore. I hate YT Wars. And it takes a good person to admit their mistake. Regardless whether it was true mistake about what they thought was happening or they just didn't disclaimer previous one supper easy.  IDK where I can get that program that runs Maxwell's equations - but I NEED IT. On my PC now. OK back being normal in an hour. Bathroom first and  And then listen to some music as it starts dissipating.
This explanation made it way easier to understand what's going on :) However, now I don't know how lightning strikes work anymore. I thought that they are just the electrons travelling really fast through the air in cool arcs.  How do the visible arcs of a lightning strike correlate to the components shown in the video?
The study of electrons is called "Chemistry".  "Electrical engineering" is the study of electromagnetic fields.
There is some evidence that electricity or in basic energy is all around us always. I read some time ago in a test with a Tesla car at a point without knowing it, it was not a specific test to find this, this was found by accident that at a specific Hertz a tesla car got just power/energy/electricity how you name it not from the energy source "The battery" alone. In maybe nano-seconds the car got some power from an external source. It was found in the data. Not from a cell tower, because we have now everywhere electric signals WiFi/Cell Towers/Satellites you call it but from an unidentified natural source. It's hard to explain how but you can possibly drive without a battery with energy that is 'supposed' always there around us. But we don't know how precise but they are now testing drones that can fly without propellors. A very new high tech in development. You can search it on the internet. So if mastered we can possibly propel ourselves totally free in the future?
*Whale if that warn't the best apology videah I ever saw ...*
Nikola Tesla was right all along.
Hence lectures on surface charges was important
You're developing a habit of challenging the very edges of conventional understanding, and creating very active, very intelligent debates within YouTube.  That's amazing.  Well done, sir.
to be honest we need alot more things like that to happen if we have more conflicts and ppl around the globe actually started to put there ideas together like this it would cause a new revolution in the felid of science so we need more mistakes we need more things like that
If you rated the bulb at the current levels of a closed circuit then the amount of current you get initially is no way near enough to 'light the bulb' in a meaningful way. That's why your original video was misleading and annoyed everyone.
Just a small detail: In question plastic covered wires are used while in experiment naked copper wires are used. Can induction of charge happen over insulated wire? Just curious here.
Derek should get a Nobel Peace Prize for his humility.
The arc of electricity how it works then? We can see this shitty experiment better in chemistry. Why to spent big amount of money when u can do itbby chemistry. Galvanic experiments can demostrate how it looks like...separating oxigen and hidrogen u can see the flow.
I was confused on the original one as it indeed looked like it would violate causality as the circuit was assuming no connection between the two sides of the wire but the thought experiment was assuming the field between them just left out the representation of it. Thank you for the fix on that!
I f**king love Derek
The problem with your previous video was the clickbait title. "The Misconception About Electricity" and the claim on the thumbnail that "Electricity Doesn't Flow Through Wires"  And then in the video instead of showing how everyone else was wrong about electricity you essentially explained how inductance works. We know that inductance exists. I used to like your videos but lately they are nothing but clickbait.
Shouldn`t we be able to use the earths fields for direct power? Or the suns for objects in low gravity? Maybe even wiring them down to earth?
Ha, I watched the other video just yesterday! This actually anwers some of my questions. Thanks!
I think the deeper reason for all the discussions about this experiment is the fact that people from the engineering community perceive this as an engineering task rather than a physics thought experiment. From my teaching experience, physics students follow that exact same approach - until they hit the wall of quantum mechanics in the third semester. From then on, electrons suddenly behave as Bloch waves on the fermi surface, and all of a sudden good old Maxwell appears as an easy retreat.
No, no no. This circuit is NOT the same.
<3 <3 <3
Carpooling home working on an EV project Dirk ask which vehicle would have a the faster 0-100 km/h A) 1000kw 500Nm B) 1000kw 50Nm Assuming all  things being equal.  The answer resulted in whatever the petrolhead equivalent is of ego-death,   A decade later Derek is the first to manage the same  with ⚡️ Having my unconscious bias exposed made me  better person, being better at solving problems and better at explaining how things work.   It is a work of genius. Its usually sad at most when people cant see it. Apologising for not  desecrating a thought experiment  with sufficient anti frothing agent for the fixed mindset amongst us would be engaging beyond belief.  And seeing that happiness is inversely proportional to rightness, i choose to be happy and enjoy the perspective gifted by this work of genius.   Long live the light bearing Dereks among us 🥂🍻🥂
I don't think you should be so hard on yourself or your previous video. These two have radically altered my perception of how electricity works (and I did a Physics degree), sure I could do the maths, but clearly I didn't really get it on a more fundamental level.
I thought this was already known and accepted?
The Earth is flat, space is FAKE, NASA lies. Rockets do not work in a vacuum.
To that last point, thanks to your original video, I dug deeper into the topic and learned lots!
Thanks for the follow up video, this helped me understand the concept much better, and I took away much clearer conclusions. The first video walked so that this video could run. Thank you for taking the time and resources to clarify and revisit!
Derek hitting them with that, "well, aktshully"
FWIW, I thought Dave Jones pretty much got what you were laying down in the first video, and after watching his response I was on the page with you on this.
So being imprecise and potentially controversial, but also revising and improving leads to more views and a net increase in understanding? What would we call this strategy?
Please do `sed s/pointing vector/Poynting vector/g` on the subtitles file
Kudos to you! Nice job, enjoy all of your videos. Thanks
Disclaimer: I'm an idiot... But I had this thought - when he showed the second "wire" on the opposite side of the 'light bulb' and that it also creates the field... if you had a 'light bulb' there too, would it actually light up - even though the circuit isn't completed (from the battery circuit)? I'm happy if the answer is just "no." :)
What about tesla's wireless electricity
All just push and pull
Kudos for an excellent explanation.
Ah yes science man, i understood nothing but its cool nontheless
This vídeo is absolutely magnificent 😍😍. It should be used un schools and colleges to clearly explain how electricity works 😍😍
This is what science is all about. Taking a thought to an experiment, and putting it out to the world for comment, exploration, and expansion of knowledge to benefit and better mankind.
I'm not sure if I understood everything and I haven't thought about electronics since high-school, but does this mean that you can't just put different circuits near each other? How do you prevent chaos unless you shield every circuit?
Ayyo what's that at 6:47? That isn't the radius of a proton!
At its core, your original video was a hypothesis. Others with more knowledge challenged it to come to the truth. You revisited your hypothesis, with the background of everyone else's discoveries, to come to a conclusion.  Sir, this is an exercise in science! Thank you for providing the experience.
awesome! love it!
Great video Derek! Got me doing a lot of thinking again 😂.  Only thing I don't 100% agree with is the way that fields are emphasized so completely over charge carriers. If we accept that the charges are an inherent property of the electrons then it seems to me a bit of a 'chicken or the egg' situation over which are the prime movers 🤔.  Definitely agree that it's clear the wave of field propagation is behind energy flow and the current starting across the load though!
All the inane and shallow content on this platform is made up for by this single discussion between this channel and all the other contributors. The level of detail communicated through your constructive disagreement is a template for how open, honest and non-belligerent communication can lead to extreme compounding effects - in this case: mass-education. Bravo to Veritasium, Electroboom and everybody else who contributed to this amazing series on this topic 👏
How we can make a battery that work different way
So the argument is the induced current from the magnetic field at the switch's initial current that is positioned near the light element. hmm... Gaussmeter might fit your argument better.
Why do physicists always come across as so arrogant in their presentation? Like, "well AkshUaLly it works this way"  Like yes, fields can propogate energy without wire. Duh. Light, radio, we get it. We choose to use wire because it has so many spare electrons and that helps to carry/FOCUS (like you said) the energy in the fields.  Seems like you shouldn't have to say "electrons don't carry energy" to say that fields distribute the energy and that allows the energy to cross the wire gap.
This is flipping awesome. Thanks for educating me and the world. Your contribution is immense.
shove that up the asses of your critics :D You take the harsh criticism so well. A lot of people were just picking for whatever little details they could find. The main message of the original video was great. However, the follow up video took care of everything that was left over :) nice job
TLDR: Lumped element approximation doesn’t work. Use distributed parameters/Maxwell’s equations.
I had a physics II course where very briefly one day the profession went into the equations that proved a light bulb and switch turned on from the fields rather than the electrons moving throughout the whole circuit. I was really confused by this and never understood how that could be for years until I saw these two videos by you that explain it. You did a great job demonstrating it with all the models.
👏👏👏Excellent!!! The simplest explanation is usually the correct one. 😃
That is the problem. If you plug the voltage that is specified in lamp manual and plug that lamp it will not turn on after 1m/c seconds. Of course, if you have really weak lamp, like LED, and high voltage source, the lamp will turn on regardless of the wires. When switch is switched there is a current in the wire (even if the wire is broken somewhere downstream) and that current will induce magnetic field and that field will induce current after 1/c seconds - nobody never argued with that. But that fact doesn't mean the claims in the original video were right.  Basically, what you tell in the video is: if we turn the switch, there will be a current in the wire even if the circuit is broken somewhere.
Just fantastic answer video
we would love to see these kind of fight  between educational youtubers
Was there a reason to build this 3m in the air and balancing a scope on a ladder that prob costs as much as a house? lol
Next this guy is going to claim that electric fields and magnetic fields are different things. Lol.  Please.  More videos.
This is the type of videos that turn me off and I am an Electrical Engineer.  What is the freaking point? Science is not published in Youtube, but in peer review papers. 2 hours from now, there is going to be a video rebating your points with the same amount of "credibility." your previous and this video has plus an infinity number of idiotic videos for click harvesting. Your previous video a week ago was great, this one is crap.
I'm just excited for the videos that'll say that this video isn't quite right, either.
Exactly what i thought , he's just butthurt and trying to make himself look right no matter what he said..  "what i really meant was_____, and that was misunderstood....
What happens if we put a lead shield between the switch and bulb? Then the field can't "jump" to it. It will have to take the long way round?  This is confusing 😂
Reminds me of the spelling bee where the question was spell the letter," Aitch"🤔
The important aspect here is with signaling. Can you send signals with 1m/c delay instead of 1s delay? That’s different than asking about powering a light bulb, because then amplifiers are a legitimate thing to think about.
When I saw this title: "Oh great!  I've always wanted to have a deeper understanding of electricity"  Half way through the video: "I'm way too stupid to understand this."
Brilliant. There is still one remaining question that will cause arguments. The electric field inside the conductor, pushing the electrons. Electromagnetism lectures always say that "the electric field inside a perfect conductor is zero", the reason usually given because the free electrons move to cancel out any applied field. Indeed, a common equation says that the current density at each point of a material is proportional to the electric field, via the relation, J = conductivity x E, but on a perfect conductor conductivity is infinite, so any electric field would result in an infinite current - which is unphysical. The assumption of ideal perfect conductor is therefore complicating your explanation. Indeed, the existence of an electric field moving the electrons inside the conductor causes misconceptions in the limit of perfect conductors.
Fantastic video to say you were misleading without saying you were misleading....
No matter what others say i believe u and u r smarter then me
You took it like a champ and made the best out of it. Good job man.
one must ask if Derek does it on purpose at this point
I really enjoy this type of science. Community working together, even if it's through criticism.
Very happy with this response, though I do still have a few issues as presented here, speaking as an Electrical Engineer myself.   For one: at 1:50 you show a clip from Electroboom, but then spend the rest of the video basically hammering home that his argument is wrong/flawed by repeatedly stating a negligible leakage current. That wasn't his point. Even in the clip you show, his point is that "a lightbulb needs more than the energy it receives at 1/c seconds to activate. By pretending it would at any current, it would logically work even with leakage."  For two: your humility at the very end is poorly represented by your tone earlier in the video, I feel. While I understand and fully sympathize with the intentions of the first video (that the purpose was to teach that energy flows through fields, not wires), you do also attempt to teach this material to those _vastly_ less educated in the topic. It _is_ very important that you never make an assumption that something is "known." Happily, you address this with the "1/c" comment! Disappointingly, you basically dismiss the focus on the circuit elements themselves by only _now_ explaining their representative nature. While intuitive to you or I as those who are better educated in the field, it is an unfair expectation to demand those without any knowledge suddenly connect the abstraction you were painting. Educators need to remember what it was like to not know something; else you end with the saga you experienced with these videos.   Ultimately, I am incredibly pleased with this video response to the former video and glad for both the corrections and explanations being shown bare. While I do believe they should have been present initially, I by no means fault this correction for clarifying now. Better late than never!  Thank you for this, it's always nice to see correction and humility if an explanation falters. I wish you the best, and sincerely hope this won't be the only video on the topic you make going forward
But wouldnt that mean you could make a "wireless" switch?  With a switch that is made out of a huge inductor that can produce a big enough electric field to overstimulate the circuit you want to turn "off"?  ofc it would be easier with dc because you would need to have the same (counter) frequency with ac.
I had a conversation with my brother pretty much the same as this video, but we asked if we have a very long wire and a lot of light bulbs that were wired in series with each other and if we connect an energy source to these light bulbs they will turn on at the same time or they will turn on one by one, after a short delay?
When building high wattage amplifiers I always found that it was important to keep input voltage lines and signal lines removed or shielded from each other. Now I know why. Super cool!
Humble person... This knowledge is what everyone needs to learn from him 🙏
All of Derrick's "Claims" get torn Apart in University Physics/Electrical engineering classes. He is at BEST a charlatan. He makes money off people who don't have the knowledge to know he's completely full of S•••.
What would happen if you move the switch and light to opposite ends on the length of the wire ?
I can't wait for Mehdi to break this apart
Thought provoking content is always greatly appreciated. This video was awesome like your videos are always. Thank you! 🖖
Good work in a lot of ways.
Bravo for a very cool follow up..  I too was impressed with the number and level of detail of all the response videos from so many YouTube creators.  Even if they weren't agreeing with you, look at how many people got interested enough to discuss it, and how many people all 'round the globe cumulatively tuned in to videos about electric fields and circuits: something many would normally dismiss as a dry or dull subject.  Clearly it isn't, but without your original thought experiment video we'd never have had such an awesome and wide reaching discourse  Reminds me of the Steve Mould vs. Electroboom chain fountain/Mould effect video debate.  I love it when things like this catch people's attention to this level, and I hope this kind of debate/collaboration happens more often!  So again, Bravo!
I love this guy. He takes complex theories and makes them easy to understand without diluting the science.
I don't understand why "wireless electricity" is such a difficult thing to grasp, especially once you understand how radios work. also, do the electrons "move/flow" or don't they? I understand them a "wiggling in place" when subjected to an electric field, and even though you repeatedly stated certain assumptions were wrong but then continued to use the illustrations of these supposedly incorrect concepts, rather confusing...
Thanks for this great lesson👍
I think it would make sense to the average person if they saw how high voltage lines react when a conductor passes by it but not touching it
It seems to me like the claims that nothing happens at all for the full 2 seconds are the ones that violate causality. How does the circuit know that it's now a full circuit instantly and it's time to start flowing? Obviously it has to be doing something already regardless of whether it's closed or not.
This video is so beautiful. The first one on this topic really made me uneasy, but I'm glad Derek cares about clearing things up so nicely. Understanding this was really amazing. As always thanks for the great video.
Badass 👍
Congratulations on your discovery of the Yagi-Uda antenna.  :-)
I can't say I understood any of that.
Me here with my bag of popcorn not really understanding any of this.
Wow, my mind explodes. This video teached me more about electricity then anything else. When i look at the simulations, (i believe) i even understand now, why alternating current doesn't have so much loss as direct current on large distances.
Yea so, everybody already proved the original theory wrong, is this video just trying to prove that "what i really meant was the correct answer i didnt get anything wrong let me explain it in the most convoluted round about way so people think i really know what im talking about"...
I knew your going to reply about this ❤❤
Would be nice to see a follow up video on electric fields and Nikola Tesla or something.
This video is a MASTERCLASS on how to effectively use simulations and animations in education to teach people science! There is so much value we can gain from the combination of moving visuals and speech, a shame it's not always available in the classroom.
You deserve a award for this video...
thanks for showing me the brilliant app 🧐🙏🏾
Is this why you you get Electric interference between components and why you need to shielding for wires in certain applications, because of the fields?
Surface charges are there because of electrons..  This video just shows that Veritasium still doesn’t understand the truth.. Electrons are both the particle and the field.  The surface charges are there because of the electrons, and the electrons are there because of the surface charge.  To say electrons aren’t influencing each other is ridiculous.
I'm so happy you made this!!  The explanation of how the fields equalise at the point the switch closes is fantastic
8:39 alright this bit is gold in some way but your copying from another youtuber that I haven't come across yet.
You are simply wrong. It's not easy to find where to start to explain your errors. Im sure in the end you will understand your errors by youself.
This is educational. That is all.
Dude, love your stuff. You explain everything so well, and if clarification is needed you come back and explain further. Kudos.
I would like to see the measurement of voltage on the disconnected circuit case, would the voltage go up on the first 3 ou 4 nano seconds and then go back to "noise values" or would it stay up all the time the circuit is on (as if acting like an inductor) ?
When i was thinking these thinks... My education system said : don't over think. Juat study and pass your exam.
Seeing you slowly, steadily grey up over the years makes this long-time greybeard so happy...no dye jobs, no hiding it, just you getting the status markers you've earned and accepting them as graciously as all the other challenges you'll always get.
It's Poynting vector; after a guy's name.
OBJECTION HEARSAY
could you reverse this effect to make solar power/technology?
I won't lie, I still don't understand how circuits work.
Well done! This is definitely one of my favorite vids on the channel, and I've seen every one you've uploaded
spicy Derek is vindicated
Explaining your previous mistake by more mistakes!
SHOOTS! This is how you argue a point, brudda!
Here comes the wave of people explaining how planting bunch of trees had no effect other than raising awareness...
2:53 - 3:03  you can see the depth of the video,it is like a VR(virtual reality) effect,I mean if you cross your eyes  for a little bit it create a sense of depth😳😳😳
It was interesting seeing the original video before taking my applied electromagnetics class and not knowing much about power transfer or anything having to do with E/H/P fields, then having taken it over this last semester and now having a more in depth explanation with the distributed parameters for transmission lines model being applied helps it make more sense. Thanks for that lol
Electrons are only pawns in the game of electricity...
I definitely found this video to be clearer than the original
I know this is completely unrelated but... did anyone else hear "Ohm's Law" and immediately say out loud "OHM'S LAW IS READYYYY" in a Randy Savage voice? No? Just me? Okay, carry on.
Here’s a man who cares more about teaching and learning than his own ego. Take notes.
I feel like the word everyone is missing here is induction. When the initial question was posed, people assumed there was no induced current, which is probably a standard assumption for EE questions.
I would not bet against him!
I did not watch the first video, but see a lot of the response videos.  This video blew my mind.
Ye well, you are like months late for this. The original video was kind of garbage, and people already did the experiment long ago.
This is the best channel on this platform! You are an inspiration sir!
@electroboom
Philosophical question:  if a certain (take conventional electron flow for instance) convention is practical, repeatable, and reliable, is it TRUE?
This is all relating to current flowing across a wire and not the voltage, is that correct?
All this assuming electrons even exist.
In the future VR Headsets will do one hell of a job to help understanding these concepts with a much more intuitive visualization.
As you have said, Derek, the setup of your riddle was designed to be illustrative of the way the energy flows in circuits.  But, when do we use wired energy transfer? Do we use it to find out when a switch was closed? I don't think so! I think that is more in the "Information", rather than "Energy" domain. We often use wireless systems for that, and they actually work at the speed of light across the shortest path from the source of the information to the receiver of it. The receiver, usually, needs to be reasonably sensitive, in these cases. The wired method, usually, is reserved for the actual, not a symbolic, power transfer. So, let's, for illustrative purposes, modify your setup a bit.  Let's make your wires a light-day length, instead of a light-second. In addition, let's swap the lamp for a coffee maker (needs reasonable energy to operate...). Now, flick the switch On, Derek. Do you now expect to drink your coffee sooner than in 24Hours ? I wouldn't hold my breath if I were you...😉👋
What if the switch is 3×10^8m, away   from the bulb
The issue I have with Ben Watson's animations had to do with those modeling the separate wire next to the circuit. The point of that was stated to show how the fields would spread if the circuit was broken at one of the far ends of the wire. But, that's not what the animation shows at all, because the question it's trying to answer involves no close circuit in the first place, not whether one can induce a field from a closed circuit in an unclosed one. Why did he not model the exact scenario as described?
Also... the load doesn't require much energy to turn on, try it with a more demanding load and you'll notice an attenuation, please correct me if I'm wrong but that's what I think.
So, instead of water in a pipe, the analogy for electricity should be that it's sort of like electrons flowing through a wire...?  Nevermind. I have no business commenting on this. I couldn't even pass pre-algebra.
this is amazing
Thank you so much...you are right on the money! The point was to illustate that energy does not run in wires ONLY..  My only question is...what makes electrons actually go..what makes that electric field?
Finally I've never had the words to express this... yet again my friend!
Nice! This makes sense! But how the heck do super conductors work??
I think what we all know about current flowing in a wire is true and will always remain true. But we need to know that what we mean by “current” is what can be taken to mean many things with respect to electrons and fields. I like that he’s explained electrical current to a very precise detail, but for obvious practical considerations the conventional view is still true and more useful.
Very nice that you made a follow up video! You made mistakes in your first video but it started a nice discussion about this question. That also showed nicely the way science.  Thumps up and love from Germany
I thought it was obvious that information being transmitted can cross via the space between the wires, not just the wire itself. i was somewhat surprised others did not understand this. It is, after all, the fundamental properties of electromagnetism that means that an electric charge can influence a charge in another wire.  I suspect the problem was more in your explanation as if it were travelling the entire length of the wire, which is not accurate. Rather it is travelling between the wires. This was not clear in the original video, at least not clear if you were not thinking carefully.
When you flip the switch you send a radio pulse into the Universe.
Well i'm waiting for the response from electroboom guy
Me touches shorted wire thinking it's the fields  Derek : 👁️👄👁️
Kind of explains why amperage is largely determined, that I'm aware of in house wiring, by the size of the wires.
Derek outwardly: "My bad, and here's the clarification, along with many proofs" Derek inwardly: "Suck it, I win"
its the same reason a solar flare would destroy every capacitor on earth practically
Electricity is the one thing I didn't understand now I do
11:47 Setup 12:03 Simulations 18:56 Results 16:18 Transmission Model 16:50
Veritasium is indeed the "element of truth".
QUESTION:  What if the wire is insulated? If insulation changes the outcome, does different thickness or materials of insulation also change the outcome?  Thank you
That was handled very well. This is how Science wors best. Cooperation, Peer reviews and readyness to go over Stuff again. Also i did learn about electric currents. 10/10
I less and less understand how this works. Thanks I guess. What is electric field after all? What is a field? (even magnetic... I know, E, F/Q, etc but HOW exactly there's "something in nothing", force in "empty space"?)
That's what I love about science. The fact that anyone can try and recreate/repeat an experiment and try to get the same results, or that anyone can make different experiments to try and come to similar conclusions. The fact that so many response videos were made shows just how good of a scientific question the first video addressed.
I want passion like this man's for science
A layperson question: in the previous video it seemed like the notion of a single electron leaving the battery and going all the way around back to the positive terminal of the battery is false, that electrons don't actually physically move very far. But in this one it seems like it does. So which is it? Does an electron physically "walk" the entire path of the circuit? (bonus question: is that the difference between AC and DC or not related at all?)
That boi Veritasium said "yal dumb, look at this"
yeah the rule of the internet is if you want the right answer to something is give it a wrong answer you will get the right or multiple answers very quickly.
Thanks for that.
its good that you took the criticism positively.thats what we need to do. make mistakes,learn, and grow.
I think the video became a tad too technical. 🤯🤯🤯.
This is such a great video, good god. As someone currently studying electrical engineering, this is such a great visualization into the more theoretical side of the equations I'm using.
mic drop
So, as an engineer, I hear you saying… as you demonstrate that the wire (multiple times) or the electrons in the damn wire, carry the charge, using the opposite charge, it’s not induction, as you still need freakin wires to do it…  unlike your last video where you try and disclaim this.  Thanks for learning.
Incredible video
This is the biggest crossover we never knew we needed.
I want to say this:  I’m currently an electrical engineering major at Texas state university, and he had posted the video this one is responding too I had no clue what was really happening. It was very vague and confusing for me, and I didn’t know what was going on. I was on my way to take a Circuits analysis course and a Physics Electricity and Magnetism course, and I was a little worried that I wasn’t going to get it. One semester later, he posts this video, I have an A in both classes, and every concept he covered in this video I learned in class. This video was great, and I appreciate your review over your old video, and this one on circuits, Electricity, and Magnetism is one of your best educational videos
Not sure if this is one of your only videos that I could actually keep up with, or if I just think I'm keeping up with it...
WHY DOES THE FIELD CHOOSE TO BE WITH ONLY SOME MATERIALS? AND NOT WITH OTHERS, LIKE WOOD?
If the tests contradict the hypothesis, the hypothesis is wrong
Science won at the end of the day. Great video.
So, as I said in my comments on the first video, the light is lit by the tiny EM field emited by the "Antenna" you created. - The initial "burst" of current propagate through the antenna, starting after 1/c s and increasing until the current reaches the extermity of the antenna (after 1s). - After another (1+1/c) s, the current reaches the bulb and it becomes fully lit  So if the cable is cut at one extremity, that second step doesn't happen, instead, the current diminishes and the light turns Off. That is the main point for me. You say "we don't need the cable, we're already using wireless charging"... Except for that we have to use AC current, again, just as I said in my comments on the other video. But here all your experiements are done using DC.  I think the main issue gere is the definition of the experiment. Mainly, what we were consideringtwo different things: you are measuring ANY Voltage changes due to ANY effect. I was assuming we would measure the Voltage induced by the circuit, not the much smaller antenna.  As I see it, you actually have TWO 'energy' medium: the Circuit AND the Antenna. And from what I'm seeing, the Circuit actually does transmit most of the energy.  Next step: Use a shielded cable... Then I assume your bulb would not start to emit light before (2+1/c) seconds.
As a college student currently preparing for Physics II Final, this video is simultaneously educating me and giving me anxiety about how much I don't know!
This is great how this thought has gone back and forth and then to this
The truth is that our powerline circuit over the cities and countries have turned into a giant antenna that are communicating with the universe.
Electricity is intriguing,,, We can't see or hear them "in person" without plunging it in high voltage leak. We can't feel them as it would hurt in a tingle or even risking death. We can't smell them unless something is already burning.  I studied Elec Engineering for 7 years until my uni decided to just pass me with a minimum grade, and now I'm playing music...  Physics, am I right~?😜
So if the wire is broken at the far end, the light flashes for a bit as the fields change when the switch is thrown, then goes out again when the system settles back into the steady state, right?
So if you connect a light bulb to a wire that is not connected to a battery but instead lying next to a complete circuit, will it turn on when the complete circuit is turned on?
Seems like trolling to me.
That's why wireless chargers take so long to charge, you waste more energy in the transmission of wireless than use just the wire
Stanley Meyer is smiling right now.
You don't need to introduce "electrons" to explain this.  You are just making it confusing and hand waving.  Notice how "electrons" are not referenced in your computer models.  A distilled theory of "transmission lines" is what easily describes the circuit you are studying.  I think that was in 2nd or 3rd year engineering.
I think it would help to call the wires "waveguides" instead, for the purpose of clarifying that the underlying mechanics of wires conducting electricity of in fact the guiding of electromagnetic fields. I regularly say for fun to my colleagues that "everything is waveguides" but I also mean to get them out of the "volt current" domain and into the "electric magnetic field" domain.  Great vid!
Why are you then yet again starting with the strawmen of the electron carrying the energy?  And your myth 2 and 3 are at odds with each other - now is there a gradient electric field due to a difference in electron density or is the density of electrons the same everywhere?  Both statements can not be true at the same time.  heck, for Myth 3 - were does the charge Imbalance come from? It is not there with no battery connected, not if you just close the circuit with more wire. It also seems like you then intentionally implying that "charges" along the wire that cause the motion of the electrons to be something distinct from those electrons.   11:31 and this is why people say rightfully that you claim the lightbulb emits light at any current.   And then at 19:10 - yes, you were transferring about 14 mW of power in a 18V circuit. And how long was the actual delay? From the scope-screen it seem like that took ~25 ns - that is a lot longer than 1/c. So - why not show the numbers for what Your actual claim was? How much power was there at say 2 ns? That is well after 1/c, but from the image it looks like the first 5 ns nothing happens.
wow, that made me feel stupid af lol
I just have no words to appreciate this enough!
Incredible. This whole sequence of videos that the original video spawned has been a journey!
does the pointing vector growing huge at the corners of the circuit (where it changes direction) have something to do with coronal discharge?
That's how you science 😁🤓.
This is reminiscent of a demo that Walter Lewin did in one of his 8.02 lectures, where he showed that the voltage across a resistor simultaneously had two different values depending on how it was measured, in apparent contradiction of Kirchoff's voltage law. Maxwell's equations are fundemental; the "laws" we use in electrical engineering are only approximations, and most people don't appreciate the assumptions on which they are based and when those assumptions are violated.
Took a long time for this correction video
Thanks for this great follow-up video and the inspiring explanations! In a spirit of constructive criticism I would like to point out two things that I think could and maybe should be improved.  First, at around 5:04 you show forces on electrons and talk about "equal and opposite forces". But the force arrows that are depicted are not in opposite directions, and since they depend on the distances to the atomic ions, they are not per se equal in magnitude.  Second, the image of the surface charges on the wire circuit around 6:23 rather corresponds to the "Simple circuit" setup in the VPython simulation, i.e. a circuit without a load. In contrast, the "Thin resistor circuit" shows that the surface charges are practically homogeneous on the outer wire, and there only is gradient in the thin resistor wire, which is closer to the situation with the light bulb.  Would you agree?
Electroboom got it REALLY REALLY wrong
I now understand why my school electronics project from 15 years ago didn't work. Neat!
que gran video, aunque no entendí unas partes, espero que lo traduzcan al español <3
19:27 hah, yeah, no thats exactly the leakage current you'd get because thats a typical voltage drop. Wireless chargers actually run at 24v+ because so much energy is lost in the transfer, with about 5v actually making it to the device. So to be frank, your snide technicality here, is entirely you just trying to save face. All of your diagrams used an incandescent lightbulb. If you won't be honest then I see no reason to stay subscribed.
Marvellous
Free access to science !
I know nobody might read this comment but I hope you really appreciate the level of sophistication here. People all over the world mulling on science problems through YouTube - lucky to be alive in this time guys, all of us. There are some old philosopher souls crying up in the heavens right now 💜💙
I love when the teacher responds with "very good, i intentionally fudged up my presentation to see how many of you were paying attention" lol
Great video. Always thought that electrons flow in closed circuit. But in my engineering it was clear that it is because of fields. That is how wireless charging and transformers work. Those who argue really need to revise Maxwell equations.
Apology accepted
The funny part is every single person that said you got it wrong also got it wrong themselves
That's why we use copper clad for RF circuits, to contain the field.
You should include : The voltage clampo tecnhique to measure one single cell electric potential in the neurons, what can be the match, ¿ How electric field cross the membranes of the neurons ? I mean we know that, but How it looks ?
I regret quitting electrical engineering college
I am so glad that I found your channel (a long time ago) and this video definitely confirms that feeling. You said, at the end of this video, that you made a mistake by not describing your process and results better. True, you could have made what *you* intended clearer but by being more vague and putting the information out there you encouraged others to consider their view and express that view openly. Isn't this what science-based diacovery is based on?   People sharing a question, hypothesis or observations and collectively determining what is true?  In that view: you did not fail at all, you did not make a mistake, because your question prompted a more accurate understanding in, I believe, everyone who watched the video.   Thank you for what you do on this channel!
After watching this i feel like i've been lied to my whole life. Like when i finally learned columbus didn't actually discover america! Thank you veritasium!
it works by overcharging humans to use it
Derek, okay but what *IS* an electric field?  What is it comprised of (the field)?  The definition I've seen online, an electric field is a field created by voltage on a conductor, doesn't quite cut it.  That's like saying a star is a sun, not exactly an explanation.
You should visit the debate between the Electroboom and Sir Walter Lewin.
What's funny is some people are afraid to live underneath high voltage transmission lines so there is a casual understanding of the effect even if the average individual doesn't understand it fully.
I asked a simple question - if you had two light bulbs, one meter away from you (farther on the cable) and the other farther away from you but closer to you on the cable - which would light up first? This would dispel many doubts.
Thank you OLIVER HEAVISIDE!!!!!!!!!
You have my respect
Glad veritasium actually did the experiment finally instead of just hypothesizing about. If you are gonna make a claim, don't just make an educated guesses, do the experiment. It is a paid promotion video, so put in the work and don't rely on others to do it for you.
Is a similar analogy to say that it’s like the electrons are the cars of a maglev train and the wires surface field is like the track?
can someone explain, around 13:10 derek said that bulb wud light up even if circuits broken at far end. So 2 ques:  1). we can do on/off the switch through these long wires with disconnected at far end and the bulb wud still be glowing ? 2). if we connect the switch the disconnected one end is also behaving like a switch but shifted to far end so the bulb should not be ON as switching ON the switch was causing the E to create.
I guess I think about things differently as a chemist, but I don't agree with your conclusion that the electric field are the "main actors" in circuits. In this case the electric fields are generated by the movement of electrons that start moving due to chemical reactions in the battery. One of your misconceptions you state is that electrons don't push each other through the wire but are instead moved by the electric field. Since the field itself is generated by the movement of electrons then they do push each other through the wire, just in a more complicated way. So I think this is more of a chicken and egg thing, both the electrons and the fields are important and act together. De-emphasizing either of them doesn't make sense.
just tell me this wth is ball lightning? dad saw one come down shallow angle it was 5ft diameter 10+ minutes rolled very slow across a 40acre alfalfa field then downhill until hitting a tall elm tree & exploded
These are some of simple things that are too complex
Congrats to you for clarifying and inspiring people to pursue science and trust. Love your stuff.
14:30 also you can take off that team trees shirt if you're not going to mention that wireless charging is also an order of magnitude less efficient than having connected wire
I asked this question in the google form… thank for this
The quality of his videos recently has been of the chart.
Derek! This is THE BEST explainnation of electrictity i have ever stumbled upon. Such a high grade knowledge packed in so simple and even short explaination. This will be referenced in years to come all around the world. You should get a Nobel price for this. Seriously, this great success build on Your knowledge of how to pass knowledge. You are genious.
But why built the experimental circuit high above the ground??
Literally, how many YouTubers does it take to turn on a lightbulb.
Even Derek von Veritasium confounds the words "instantaneously" and "instantly". (They have subtly distinct meanings.)
Awesome solid dude right here!, smart guy! 💯
energy is everywhere simple
Everything is within the Field. Wires are resistors, thus, impede. It is the field that "encourages" flow. You are so close....good luck
I feel like dumb primate....
How much did I understand?  A little.  How much was I entertained?  A lot.
So it turned out to be a transmission line problem..🧐
Beautiful. Simply beautiful. As a PhD student in plasma physics and fusion energy, who uses Maxwell's equations on a daily basis, this is one of the best explanations I have ever seen of how electric and magnetic fields create the macroscopic rules for electric circuits.
Wonderful video. Thank you.
12:50 you sound really stupid right here when your simulation shows the current induced on the other side of the wire is an order of magnitude less than whats actually flowing
I know i might sound Dumb, But I have courage to ask such so called Questions, Which is treated Stupid & Dumb to society and everyone.  So, my Question is:  What's Exactly Battery/power source is ? if we see it in a microscopic level of Atoms.  I will Discuss with Every useful comments below.
Ok but did you respond to Thunderf00t busting you yet?
This concept, intriguingly accurate as it is, still won't be in the school textbooks for the next 100 years
"Wires are more efficient because they channel the fields". I think if it said that to begin with there would've been a lot less confusion.
Well done. By reworking and improving your explanation, you necessarily improved your own understanding.
Derek, you have redeemed yourself. Thanks for taking the time for a deeper dive. The first video was correct (except for the units issue and the ambiguity about what counts as lighting an incandescent bulb), but the presentation was poor. A lot of words could have been spared if this level of explanation had been done the first time!  Electromagnetics is a field theory, so in the general case, solving the field equations is the only way to get an accurate model. In the presence of conductors, the field behavior is modified in such a way that circuit models can hide the mathematical difficulty of a full EM solution with little loss of accuracy. Then we can use lumped impedance models, or characteristic impedances together with Smith charts and/or Bergeron diagrams, to model transmission lines. Or we can use discrete component models if the dimensions of our circuit are small compared to our signal wavelengths.  The other key takeaway is that electrons flowing in wires don't transmit energy, they dissipate it. That is why Poynting vectors will tilt inward towards a conductor carrying a current. The dissipated energy comes from the field.  Hopefully everyone will get it now. But I expect there will be a few holdouts.
I love Dave Jones and Big Clive, they're both amazing engineers. But as engineers, I think they're focused too much on the practical side of things. Most of their experience is with the conventional notion that electricity flows in wires because that notion is good enough for 99.9% of their work.
Great video
This is such a fantastic video. Thank you for following through on this.
You are mixing current, electric field and transmission lines. This is so confusing... Why not start with a cable circumference, with almost none currents due to radiation or coupling?
OK, but can the current flow downwind faster than the wind?
kooky critics you had lol🤣 AC adds another level. Steinmetz
I am surprised you needed to defend this.
Damn, that was a Good video
Shoutout to your clip from BIGCLIVE’s channel!
I have an associates degree in electrical engineering. We were taught about the electric fields. We spent one week on them. The next week they said, forget about the field’s when working with anyone outside of a classroom. The math works out taking shortcuts that will make 99% of circuits work. But when you run into that 1%. Think back to this week. I was eye opening as a student to see a whole industry run on shortcuts.
mind the gap
So if there’s a line of lightbulbs, does it mean the bulb in the middle will light first then the other ones?
I actually understand it. Great video!
I loved this! The first vid confused me a lot and this one had amazing diagrams and simulations
Thank you Sensei.
Perfect! You have all my respect!
So what if we shield the bulb and it's wire from the switch side with lots of led and a Faraday cage?
Hooray for AlphaPheonix!
thanks for the knowledge!
As I watched the video and the effect of electric fields, my mind kept thinking what if you blocked the fields? Unstated but apparent, is the fields cannot be blocked. Please excuse my ignorance, but, if a wire is coated with a nonmagnetic, non conductive coating, would electric fields, continue to express themselves, regardless? If the electric fields were blocked, would the power flow be diminished, if so, by how much?
17:58 Wait, Is that what impedance matching is all about? I heard the term a lot and am like "Yep, that's an electric thing". But I don't know what that means.
Amazing, that was very interesting.
Wonderful! Now we need an explanation for the explanation of the explanation, because I'm even more confused now😅🤨.
Can you do another video about the behaviour of electric fields in the wires for ac signals? Energy flow is never really explained clearly in courses and your animations and explanations are great. So it would complete the subject.
As an artist/painter I have to ask... why painter's tape? Terrible choice my friend.. :)
this is a most excellent comeback video. I was afraid you where going to dig a deeper hole. but nope excellent
I'm kind of curious then what makes a wire "shielded" then.  Does wire shielding defend against this effect?  How long would it then in the case of a shield wire?
Derek, this is Carl Sagan. I’m very proud of you.
I don't know what any of this means, but I am glad that talented people are making good videos on complex topics and not watering down the sciences for smooth brains like me. I aspire to one day understand this video but until then I'll just give it a like.
The whole thing is beyonddd satisfying. The whole educational side of the Internet engaging in it and expanding on it soooo much, going into so much details--- It was perfect and really satisfying. Also Shoutout to Science Asylum who made a video YEARS before Derek's one, everything followed made me appreciate his effort and uniqueness more.
The letter for voltage is u not v but still a good video
If we were to transfer this to a real-life electrical installation (considering the superconductor etc.) would the usage of cables affect the observation? I mean all kinds of cables, FE0, shielded, etc.
At 13:22 the lower circuit can not be turned on, if that would be the case then just put in the battery would turn the bulb regardless of the state of the switch.
A great union of all big educational youtubers in the comments
Lol, Love it! Based on your theory, wouldn't we be lighting up random bulbs and circuits all the time if the wires are wound or braided together? Seems like there's a little bit of truth and a little bit of lies on both theories... Is it possible we aren't grasping what an electron actually is?
And that‘s why this is my favorite YouTube channel.
Man your commitment to your work is something 🙌!
I love this. I don't care about who was right and wrong, the pursuit of scientific truth by the community was beautiful.
That blows my mind...i LOVE IT<3
We forgive you Derek! we forgive you! 😉😛
🐵🙊🙉🙈
AlphaPhoenix, BigClive,  and ElectroBoom are of the best channels you cam watch.
This was really the perfect followup. Good on ya
Thanks for educating me on my misconceptions of electricity I've carried around all these years. I wish Derek was making these videos when I was still studying.
if we want to speak seriously, we cannot bring religious belief in electrons, elfs, tooth fairies etc in scientific talk.  "But we see it's effects!" - no, we see effects, not "it", only faith makes effects "it's" in the first place. it can be argued that believe in electrons is morally good or have cultural significance or helps psychologically and comfort believer - so I don't want to offend their faith or any other groups but purely for logical reasons
Great video!   Seems like your breakdown of the communication issues at the end of the video were more humble than they were during the video. I felt like I was getting two different messages. One being yeah, I left some things open to interpretation, my bad. And the other being yeah, I left some things open to interpretation, but it was obvious what I was trying to get at so you are all silly interpreting me incorrectly.   It left me kind of confused on where you stand on the matter.
Criticism sometimes hits you hard
I think the only thing the original video was missing was the explanation as capacitors and inductors. When I watched the first video I really didn't get it, then like most I watched many of the other videos made and the capacitor/inductor explanation is what made it click for me.
Would the shape of your wire configuration make any difference? Like if you're wire went around the earth so that the lightbulb wasn't anywhere near the switch.
My favorite video of 2022. Perfect follow-up. Should be the first item in any EE or physics curriculum. Can’t wait to share with my sons so they don’t spend 40 years never quite tying out Maxwell’s equations with lumped element modeling (great phrase).
I thought you did a great job of explaining how it works last time and I'm a layman with zero qualifications
A couple of questions: 1) How do you draw the lines with + and - for several bulbs in series? 2) I keep reverting back to the first nano second being impacted by the field, while fully turning on is attributed to the old thinking of current. Wouldn't that be more correct as opposed to the only-field proposal? 3) You provided the example of distant charging. This contradicts your 5:40 claim where the bulb will not get brighter when being moved close. 4) At 14:42, that line does not complete a circuit. According to the proposed field theory, will a bulb on that line light up or not?
Honestly I watched alpha Phoenix after your video and he did a great job at the hypothesis you had put forth.
At 10:20 the way the charges are distributed is fundamentally wrong. The + potential will go from the positive pole of the battery across the bulb until the open switch at the speed of light. It won't appear magically at the other side of the switch . The switch is not a capacitor.
I had to go through 652 pages of an electromagnetism textbook at uni, before they finally actually explained batteries to me.
Really disappointing video. The wires being parallel is way too misleading. The results of the experiment basically disprove his way of looking at things (only a small portion of the PD transmits and it would be even smaller with non parallel wires), so no the electric field is not the primary transmission mechanism. Yet he makes out as if he is mostly right when in fact he is mostly wrong.
Holy sh*t! My life was a lie!
wait, so why doesn't an LED light up if I put it beside a battery?
Fascinating! I stopped studying physics before I had to throw away V=IR so I’ve never thought about circuits with this complexity.
Slam dunk
Great video, it’s way more clear to me now! Appreciate the time you and your team took to revisit this topic.
I wonder if Newton was a YouTuber how cool it would have been
Great video and *much* better explanations this time. I think the full simulation of Maxwell's equations and seeing the real-time propagation through the EM field is what really helped make it "click" for me. Lastly, this is what's great about science... There is a single objectively correct answer, that (while practically useful or not) can be replicated and verified by others, as was done here. Truly it's a wonderful reminder in today's "choose your own reality" culture.
There's nothing wrong with your video Derek. Just a bunch of people nit-picking where they could.
Wow👍
The leakage current claim had me laughing. Unless the open switch is arching internally... just, no.
I’m not a genius and only know the basics, But how do wires not interfere with each others fields? Maybe it was already answered. I’m a mechanic for a living and there are all kinds of electrical circuits that are very close to one another. Just wondering. None the less. This is too much thinking for me lol
Why is the copper pipe circuit 10 feet in the air?
I loved these video transactions; it was like the nerdy version of diss tracks, but without the solid disrespect
my mind is blown.
This video has just proven that I will never ever fully comprehend electrical engineering, it is just too complex for my tiny brain
🙌 🤲 🙏
Dang units will get you every time!
I still think the claim "the wires dont carry the energy" is a little disingenuous. sure you have the fields radiating to light the bulb at a much lower voltage,  it its not until the wires "see" the current that you get the full voltage. you dont need wires to transmit energy, but they do a hell of a lot better job than the air.
you're the best
Great job!
I'm the type of person that learns from the ground up. Taking shortcuts creates inconsistencies that just don't sit right with me so I never fully understand them. I never actually understood electric circuits until this video. Thank you so much.
It's like an awesome family gathering for me.
19:36 😂
So what if the circuit is a circle with a diameter of 1 light second. Would it mean that it will take 1 second for the light to turn on
What’s a surface charge
Good game! :) Thanks for your videos, I share your conclusion totally!
my brain melted after 7min... I'll continue but I need a break lmaoooo
Great Video thanks
What if we put the switch in the middle of the wire a light second away?
I am not sure why this was ever confusing to anyone. Nicola Tesla literally powered an entire town with no wires.
Sorry, you just discovered induction. You could have said from the beginning "by closing the switch this part of wire will induce a current and a voltage difference in the wire 1m away" and every one would agree with you. The fact remains that the full voltage/current/power would reach the light bulb/led/resistor in the time needed for light to travel the half length of wire.
Scientific drama is way better than political drama.  Keep up with the good stuff kind sir!
Thank you! It is always fun to learn something new.
YouTuber science is so pedantic. I love it.
Big Clive and Dave Jones (EEVBlog) being given credit makes me smile. Two of the most amazing guys out there. Great video, Derek. Your first video was a catalyst so that we all could learn more and *UNDERSTAND* deeper than originally intended. Thank you.
I never doubted you on your description of how the fields worked. I work as an electrician in France right now, but I started as a computer scientist and worked in electronics & software prior to moving here. Effectively no one understands electricity or physics, not even the people that work with them every day. This worries me a little, but I guess it's cool as long as there aren't too many fires 😁
So... leak.  Yeah, that's really not how the original video was talking about.
I really enjoyed the alpha Phoenix video and explanation he did a really good job of breaking it down and making it easy to understand.  Then of course you have the opposite side with eletroboom that guy is Nuts!!!!
Win Win... drama, drama, drama ;-)
Oh that was so satisfying to see resolved. Well crafted clarification (not correction) Derek!!
Rather than an esoteric thought experiment, a more practical question would be transferring power between a power source and a load while minimizing power loss to the surroundings. If we then add an arbitrary constraint (maybe there is controlled ground and airspace on the direct path between the source and the load) that we can only install equipment that takes a roundabout path between the source and the load, then how much power (as a percentage of the power source) is absorbed by the load as a function of time from when the power source was switched on?  Barring revolutionary breakthroughs in wireless power transmission, the equipment used will be some sort of electrical transmission line, since that will minimize power loss to the surroundings. And the transmission line will confine most of the power to be close to the transmission line. However, no transmission line is perfect, so there will be some power transmitted through the air as electromagnetic waves at close to the speed of light. So when the power source is switched on, there will be a small amount of power that will appear at the load with a delay of the time it takes light in the air to travel in a direct path between the power source and the load.   However, that amount of power will be overwhelmed by the amount that eventually reaches the load with a delay of the time it takes electromagnetic waves to travel the roundabout distance of the transmission line between the power source and the load (and electromagnetic waves travel along the transmission line at a large fraction of the speed of light).  I think the original thought experiment is unfortunate. While it does somewhat explore the concepts of electromagnetic power travelling through the air versus through conductive transmission lines, it does so in a vague and misleading way. And I am still not convinced that Veritasium understands that in any practical situation where one desires to transmit maximum electromagnetic power over a distance, that most of the power will be concentrated near an electrical transmission line and not travelling through the air far from any electrical transmission line.
This information, unlike most other Veritasium videos, is worthless. Yes, that sounds harsh, hear me out. You might as well make a video saying "The Earth doesn't orbit the sun!! (not clickbait REAL fact!)" because they actually orbit eachother, around a point very close to the sun. Except that might actually be a tiny bit useful to think about, equal and opposite reaction and all that. But it's still useless information. It doesn't change how anyone sees the world. Even setting up this big experiment, specifically to prove this effect, the result is you can power a tiny LED wirelessly for a nanosecond. Remember when Derek took the copper pipe and a magnet to a park? Small model, big effect. This is the exact opposite of that.  The short story: It doesn't matter if its the electrons or electric fields that carry electric energy. It's pedantic nonsense with zero informational value, and the only reason it got a video was views and not because of any informational value.
Is it me or electroboom just turned into a clown lately? Even with the chain fountain thing: steve was clearly right
clearly you are irritating people with your half ass reasoning, several times now. how about you do enough research the first time. lol
Sadly this is still incorrect
I was installing smart light switches in my brother's home a couple of weeks ago. You can attach a regular switch to them (with zero load) to turn them on and off. The light would turn on/off randomly occasionally, indicating in its log that the switch was pressed, which it wasn't. Through testing figured out that the neighboring wire, which was too close to the circuit, was the cause. Interestingly, only now I understand what was going on. lol
16:41: Question: Would a superconducting transmission line model have inductors in them? What about the Meisner effect in which magnetic fields are expelled outside the conductor? And if there are no magnetic field lines inside the conductor would it resist any change in current? I genuinely would like to know.
You needed to tell everyone that the current event, which is an electric current, is far away from an under current of water. Yes, this the English language.
um......   too complicated for me
This video was much better - thank you Derek
Does more current create a stronger magnetic field? And if thats true if the magnetic field of another circuit is stronger will it prevent current flow to a nearby circuit?
Lol, why are we having so many discussions about a light second large capacitor, and not just calling it by what it is.
its nerdfest 2022..
22:00 transmision lines are carefully separated because the current would jump to the other cable?
Step 1: Create a video that makes a big claim. Intentionally leave a mistake in your video that creates a dialogue. Step 2: Create a follow up video to "correct" your "mistake". Step 3: profit.
But what does it mean to "carry energy"? And if electrons only move/drift at 0.1mm/sec, why do all the diagrams you show have the elections moving so much faster through the wires?
that's what happens on the internet: good content creators discussing topics! And that grows our knowledge and gives us that rewarding feeling when we see the best part of human expression! 👏👏👏
"appropriate device" sounds an awful lot like "frictionless surface" and "perfect vacuum"
so Tesla free electricity can be true?)
anda croto tiraste fruta y quedaste como un boludo
The dishonest/misleading part was that you said that the energy travels directly and NOT in the wires. Your own graphics shows the truth: Most of the energy travels in fields in/along the wires. Only a small portion of the energy travels in fields directly to the load.
Biggest question is: were scopes provided by Mehdi?
There was only one perfect human being who made no mistakes, look what we did to him (Jesus).
Thanks for taking the time to look at the circuit/principles again! I’m not much of an expert, but it’s a cool video man. Good job
I think you would come to a point where you reach exponential resistance
21:29 Rick Hartley's voice sounds exactly like the voice of Jonathan Banks, the actor of Mike Ehrmantraut from Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul!
"Clearly, I did not do a good job of explainin"  == "I was wrong but I won't accept it"
AlphaPheonix = legendary. Subscribe to him!
wow, what a good video!
It's so weird to think how surrounded and immersed in fields and waves we are. Basically fields are everywhere. And we are made of fields and waves. What we see, what we touch, are another fields. And our senses, like vision, are just simplifications of reality, just like U=RI is.
is that why you grown the beard? lol
A question about Causality part: Lets consider this. A wire is really cut at a part 1/2 Light speed away. Wouldnt the energy transmissioned to the bulb be affected because of the reduction in Electric field established ? Because the surface charge of the part of wire that was cut would be 0, hence it would reduce the power of electric wave that was sent? So we indeed would get information if the wire was cut ? But it shouldnt affect causality because information of surface charge wouldnt reach the cut part until 1.5 years pass from putting the battery in circuit? Seems like that moment is also improtant to analize. Apology for any logical mistakes i made.
why are the wires in Derek's experiment so far off the ground?
Now mix quantum mechanics with this explaination. I wanna know since everything at sub atomic level is not a solid but a blob and weird things
Add some technical ambiguity to the next video and let the community ponder over it for a few months!  Good for content
This remembers me that time a friend of mine made a distintion between understanding concepts and how they relate and only using concepts/numbers
Unless I'm not reading your scope right, it's taking 25ns for the output voltage to rise to 4V. That's stretching the phrase "a few nanoseconds" quite a lot! It's also a lot longer than the 1ns it would take light to cross what looks to be a 1 foot gap between the two sides of that circuit.   In the real world there are losses, and problems. Note that the input voltage rise time is 10ns, and not instantaneous. In an idealised circuit where switches close instantaneously, you'd then have a perfect Heaviside step function, which has infinite bandwidth. For the power in that step function to propagate perfectly, everything around it would have to have no losses across an infinite bandwidth too (in both the electric and magnetic domains).
Amazing and counterintuitive. It’s great to learn new surprising facts.
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING PEDANTRY WARNING!!! Sorry, I couldn't help myself. :D  You're SO CLOSE!!! It is true that it is the E-field in the wire that pushes electrons down the line and so the principle of the fields carrying energy is somewhat accurate. BUT! The E-field outside the wire only plays a part in those first few microseconds after closing the switch. Energy does not continuously flow through the air in this setup.  This is Antenna Theory.  Because you put the source and the load in the center of two long wires, they behave as dipole antennas. A transmitting antenna on the switch side and a receiving antenna on the light bulb side. As demonstrated by the simulations you showed, closing the switch releases a burst of electromagnetic radio energy from the transmitting antenna that is picked up by the receiving antenna on other side. The outward propagation of the radio pulse acts to generate and maintain the E-field in the receiving wire until it collides with the conducting E-field of the battery when they meet on the end. From that point on, the conducting E-field dominates while the radio generated E-field decays to zero.   And it does decay to zero.  Radio energy is only generated when electric fields are changing. That is why all radios are associated with a given radio frequency or electric oscillation. Once all the radio energy generated from closing the switch is dissipated and the circuit enters a steady state of direct current conduction through the wire, no energy is transmitted through the air. If you were to swap the battery for an oscillating power source working at a suitable frequency, only then you could continuously transmit power through the air. You wouldn't need the two sets of wires to be connected at the ends.  Note: Because this experiment is so dependent on antenna theory, it would not work if you shielded the wires (putting each wire in a grounded metal tube, not touching the walls). The shielding would block the radio pulse and you would only have the conducting E-field to rely on. It also wouldn't work if your two lobes of wire extended outwards in the same direction instead of opposite directions. In this case, the positive and negative sides of the radio pulse would couple together on the adjacent wires and mostly cancel out leaving very little radio energy to be picked up by the receiving side. (look up: differential signalling, twisted pair) In either of these cases, the light bulb would not light up until the conducting E-field had propagated all the way down the wires and back up the other side.  I've be subbed for years and I love all your videos! Thanks for helping to promote STEM knowledge and making us all smarter. <3
Benjamin Franklin be like: Haan ye karlo pehle!
What is the size and shape of the field.  What is a field?
This is a great video! It is both intellectually stimulating and explained thoroughly. I learned a lot from it and I am pretty sure a lot of people out there will do too; take it from somebody that used to teach physics at undergraduate level in college.  The most beautiful part of this is how a simple problem can spark curiosity, debate, and reasoning. That is what science is all about: a well-reasoned and open conversation. Thank you!
this was a nice throwback to my engineering days 😊
If the charge is weaker at the middle wouldnt that mean that the bulb will glow brighter?
capacitor charging
WHEN ONE GETS LAUGHED OUT, AND COMES BACK IN LAUGHING!
Now you're changing everything,  the original question never had a resistor in it and before you say that's the same thing as a light bulb well it is and it isn't for  many reasons. The first of which is you added a vacuum into the equation. Which actually changes a lot in the scope of physics and  being accurate
Mmm, interesting. Only understand about 5% of that but very interesting 😂
If open circuit behaves the same, why do we even need a switch for battery? Bulb should light up anyways, always.
I think the big issue a lot of people had was that the original channel described it as magic. I saw a response video that basically described the whole system as an enormous transformer and I feel like showing it as something mundane helped me understand the unintuitive
Don't worry bro, this will be trending #1 in an hour, they will all see it again 🤣
These simulations pretty much show how an antenna system works. Assuming, in your actual experiment, you would increase the distance between the switch and load to let's say 10m and make the circuit longer than 10m, the first voltage spike over the load should be 100 times smaller than what you measured, according to the inverse square law and the wire being an isotropic radiator. Also, if you wouldn't impedance match the transmission line to the load, the resulting voltage over the load would probably be a lot smaller, to the point where it becomes negligible. Am I wrong?
Super interesting
Ohms law is not V=I x R.    This is an algebraic manipulation of Ohms law which states that the current in a circuit is equal to the voltage divided by the resistance I = V/R. Sorry to be nit picking...great video series though!!Thanks❤️
So the tesla tower wasn't a pipe dream?
So electricity flows on the outside like putting a stick under a tap and the water flows around it and you can guide that water towards the end of where that stick points🤔 ....... so your mistakes are not mistakes then if you lay down your presentation and there are gaps or things that dont add or is misunderstood its the best way to get people involved and questioning. Its how the human race moves forward😜
I have to admit, I was a bit lost after the last video on this subject. This video just made everything click, along with all the demonstrations (the experimental side of Physics that is just that important). So thanks for this. This just makes me all the more excited that I'm going to be studying Electrical Engineering at University.
@Veritasium you would have done well to immediately point out that V=IR only works for stable DC flows, and falls on its face when there's impedance, ie inductors, and your circuit is... wait for it... an inductor.  But so are all circuits.  And the shorthand you refer to is to avoid the complexity of dealing with impedance in simple DC circuits.
I still think that the way in which he talks about the issue is a bit weird. Things are framed as wires vs fields but the fields are a natural extension of the wires. The fields are created by the battery and by the wires. It's not "do the electrons carry the force or do the fields carry the force?" Cause the electrons are perpetrating the field. You can't have one without the other.   The real misconception I think the video is trying to address is the idea that fields are created by the motion of electrons. When in reality fields are created by relative offsets of electrons from protons.  I think both these videos are weird because you talk about electrons in one example, and then don't spend much time explaining what the electrons are actually doing. You just start talking about the field separate from the electrons.
Absolutely incredible video! Mind blowing!
It’s like a regular YouTube drama with response videos all over the place, but about actual physics. Well done.
Can't wait to hear all the responses.
14:30 .. well that "trick" used to be fairly common in the early 80th around here - there was a camping site here and fairly close by there were some massiv radio antenna (sender) - People were just  glueing some "antenna" (basicly any kind of blank wire) to a lightbulp and hung them in their tends ... and tadaaa it was light ;-) ... well authoritys took note pretty soon and did not take too kindly to it - still it was common practice for quite a while. I wonder why thats not common knowlge since at least back than?!? Its not that hard to grasp the idea if you use it make light in your tend with nothing but a bulp and a wire. The way you explain what happens is basically the same what my dad told me back than.
What if after a few years he comes again and says that this was a wrong explanation, here I present the correct explanation where electrons are modeled as hyperspheres and the entire system is in 4D? Who knows the real reason why anything happens the way it does now? An explanation free from misconceptions and ambiguity. Please answer it.
The original video was, as a whole, a great example of an inverted form of Cunningham's Law ;)
And this is why I love YouTube, 24:30 minutes of awesome explanation after a lot of great responses videos! Great work as usual, Derek!
In my opinion, you just made it worse! Putting a switch in a incomplete circuit?! Come on! Never forget about capacitors and transient response.
That was awesome. Changed my understanding of current.
Video 1: Present the ideas of electromagnetism and power transmission in a way that is both confusing and misleading, confusing learners and frustrating experts around the globe. Video 2: Clarify why the first video was technically correct, and maybe not as bad as everyone found it to be. Also, borrow the work of people who took the time to oexplain the concepts in a reasonable manner. Bottom line: power transmission wires are WAAAYYY bigger than the wires in a flashlight. Why is that necessary, if in fact the power doesn't go through the wires at all? Why is wireless charging way less efficient that direct connection wiring? Because the wires, and the electrons within them matter too. These are the two worst videos I have ever seen on this channel.... Oh, and I understood the principles involved before the first video even dropped. I just have never seen them presented so poorly.
Ok, so I mostly work with digital circuits, but for people like me Derek should've included this little experiment in the original video so his point would've come across more clearly.
I love hoe that Lebanese(?) guy sYs it is all wrong when he has screwed up so often that I am amazed he still has fillings in his teeth.
i love this kind of crossover, I don't care about who is right anymore
10 ns/ division would have been much better.  You showed 50 ns/ div and it didn’t clearly show the initial impulse arriving in a few ns. It did contrast the initial value from the full transit - so it was good in that sense.
This is what you call content.
This response between science channels is really cool, it is showing people how science works
Now run the wires around the earth, (or just a really big circle) so the power through the load runs the same direction as the battery and see if the initial wave is in the opposite direction as the final power flow.
What's stopping a single light switch from turning on all lights in it's immediate vicinity? Either I missed something or something isn't adding up.
I knew the ans is 1/c sec but I really thought  the changing magnetic field induced the voltage in the bulb instead of changing electric field (never considered the surface charge). Nice way of visualisation! good job!
You started a conversation, that's awesome.  You're doing freaking great. Thanks
noone is correct until you include the scalar waves into the equation ;)
Only Derek can do such job, creating a controversy in one video and then solving it in the next one. I'm so grateful to keep learning from this unique channel.
10:45 got what you want to saying, i want to add that if we increase voltage of battery to higher levels then electrons will jump over the switch (arc will be there) if switch typically used in our house appliances, i know everyone will say that switch must have correct voltage Ratings.... But i just want to say that if those electrons are jumping over the switch.... Then there must be field exists that veritasm want to explain (forget my english and spelling mistake in his name at last)
I always tought that electrons move in a conductor like Newton's Cradle instead a "flow"... One electron hit an atom forcing to loose another and taking his place!
I don't really understand this, but i still love your video.
Incredible job with the field modeling!!
¡¡¡More more more!!!
Coincidently J.J. Thomson proved 125 years ago today (as this video was uploaded) that electrons exist. Great work Derek 👍
My question is this, in the video you had a circuit and a disconnected wire beneath it. If you complete the circuit the electric field would propagate to the unconnected line and induce a current. Can you use that current to power comething?
Good to make mistakes if you correct them fully. Thanks for good video.
This channel is so amazing!!
I’ve just been scienced
My mind is blown again. Thanks.
I may have misunderstood the first video, because this is, predictably, just basic wireless transmission, no different from Wi-Fi or Radio, but the first video looked like you were claiming that the current would flow FULLY in 1/c which is clearly not the case, the flow of the current still needs to make the whole journey through the wires. This is especially clear when you clarified that whether the circuit is open or not is irrelevant. I'm not saying this was purpusefully misleading, clearly not, but I do think that what the first video seemed to claim is far from what is actually the case.
This is the video that made me stop caring about Veritasium or at least stop taking it seriously as a scientific presentation.  If he'd presented the original article as a thought-experiment or as a "hey, this is really an interesting curiosity about the way the EM fields propagate" -- but the previous clickbait presentation was intentionally misleading and just designed to get internet attention.
Love the debates through detailed explanation for all too see. Very well done everyone!
A-m-a-z-i-n-g
So, where's my Global Wireless Electricity Network...Elon!
1/c is not the answer for 25% of the voltage, but for when the current starts to RAISE UP, wich is indeed NEGLIGIBLE. After a small time grater than 1/c (but much shorter than 1 second) it raises up to 25%.
It's really just sad to see the reactions of all the guys(/gals?) who really should've should've known better, and checked before they responded :P ElectroBoom, EE, etc. CHECK FIRST! Then come with criticism. The only thing you've achieved is making everyone doubt your ability to do science.
How very refreshing to see people conversing about science without bringing up political or religious affiliation as part of their opposing opinion...
I STRONGLY disagree with you.. There is just so much assumptions and mistakes I could not explain.
Very well done! I actually understood it this time!  ;)
I am a 10 year experienced (electrical engineer) and i learned and rethinked about few things from you in this video. Thanks ❤️
To close this debate once and for all make a long circuit with 3 connection points to place a battery, then show the time it takes for the lamp go turn on with the battery 1m from the battery, very far away behind the lamp and far away ahead of the lamp (on the circuit flow chart). If electrons flowed from the battery to the lamp it would be faster when the battery is behind the lamp, and if it were instantaneous because all electrons are pushing the ones ahead it would take the same amount of time in all experiments.
Lol at the electrical engineers arguing against this from their silly lumped element model that they went into debt to study for four years.
“There lot of great channels and you should really see how they think about electronics”  Meanwhile ElectroBOOM: F U L L  B R I D G E  R E C T I F I E R **gets electrocuted** **beep** **beep** **almost dies from homemade Jacobs Ladder**
You are technically correct, the best kind of correct! If you would have said in your first video: "A tiny amount of energy jumps the gap via the electric field, but the tininess of the effect is larger than you think!" And then you presented the calculation of the Impedance Z of the wires, then everybody would have just shroug their shoulders and said "Interesting,    nerd". But I like it better this way, that everybody was brooding over the topic for a month. Thank you.
omg! this is like an intelectual drama. i need to watch all in order now
This dude was like "Oh, so you don't believe me?" and managed to push out more amazing content whole proving his point 😂
I love how people are out to prove you wrong, only to show the reason why you needed to make the video. People lacking the understanding of what actually is happening and the second video further breaking it down? Thank you. .So much.
I really enjoyed the original video and all the replies to that video. I learned so much from all of them.
Can we all just take a moment to appreciate that the experiment was carried out in a field?
This was at least 10x better than the last time.
Basically this whole video is what you'd get in your first couple weeks in an undergraduate electromagnetics class. Actually you'll get more in the class, because you'll actually solve problems in this first few weeks.
As a manufacturer of super conductor, I cannot accept the results until all these youtube scientists purchase 2 light seconds of conductor, each, and repeat experiment in full. I'm sure the Association of Cryogenic Producers and Distributors will agree.
For the love of physics !
Good clarification
So why didn't you try it with a break in one end of the circuit? That would've been cool.
Nice experience, after that setup why they didn't do   the experiment with open loop .
As a high school student , my mind is now blown out and I am going to sleep
Don't apologize that much please
Now I understand much better, very clear explanation
Electrons are the force _carrier?_
Great follow up video. Don’t forget to mention Nikola Tesla himself did a lot of research on wireless transmission of electric energy. Too bad a lot of that research was supposedly destroyed.
A thousand likes for showing people disagreeing with you!  that's proof of your commitment to truth!
If you want to find the answear to a question, do not ask for the answear but state something incorrect and they rush to correct you.
Great follow-up video. I finally understood the first one.
7:05 Am I stupid or is this completely wrong? Electrons move through the wire, not through the battery, right? Otherwise it would short itself?
In the end, the amount o criticism on the first video - with response videos and now this one - have brought much more depth to the subject. Personally I would have gained less knowledge on this if the first video had been universally accepted.  Edit: I should really watch the whole video before I comment. Derek says basically the same thing.
Even with such fame i am amazed to see how humble you are. Thank you fir inspiring on how to be a better human. Love your videos.
You did well! This is what science looks like: experimentation, documentation, publication, peer review, and reproducibility. Science is a conversation between people to discover how the universe operates. I enjoyed watching your videos and the responses. This was investigation done in good faith. Can't wait to see what you do next!
I love and enjoy every single video of this chanel. 👍
If the switch is further away from the light bulb, will the voltage it receives for those initial nanoseconds be the same or less?
Excellent video
Thank you so much for the follow up video. This was a much better explanation and it really cleared things up. This video gave me the tools necessary to answer all of my doubts
Someone explain why at 13:20 he says that the bulb turns on even with a broken circuit. Which is not the case IRL? With broken circuit the bulb will not turn on.
@Veritasium @derek  in light of what you just "proved", how does the A.C. electric motor work? is it the magnetic field from the stator that induces electricity in the rotor or is it the electric field? And what role does the magnetic field play? Also (which is the same question in another way) in the Tesla coil how is electricity moving from the secondary coil to the primary one? is it via the magnetic phase of the AC (as i imagine and think) or is it via the electric field? again is there any role for the magnetic field?   Let me add 2 more : - 1 how come DC doesn't "induce" current (since DC has a magnetic field as well) ? 2 if the magnetic field isn't that strong to induce electricity, what is the fundamental principal that an A.C. generator work by?  My question(s) might not be relevant, however it will help me understand more if you would be kind and answer it.
Alpha pheonix cracked it with highly convincing experiment... Thanks for acknowledgement Derek... ;)
I'm stupid and i actually followed about half of this, good job. I would love to see people's response videos now that you cleared everything up
Abstraction Levels.
Forever*
U r my most fav utuber for
electroboom viewers let's hear this man out
Thinking that his first video violates causality because it ascribes some knowledge about the termination of the circuit shows a serious lack of understanding. Someone who is stuck in lumped circuit models and really doesn't grasp Maxwells equations -- ya know, the things that make antennas work.
let acanadian do an experiment
I'm throwing away my old electrical books, thank you👏🏻
OK. We will see if this one is less controversial. I have hope.
You made the fundamentals easy enough for laymen to gain something from the story, but also in depth enough to open a dialog with scholars; it's what makes Veritasium great
Hats off,u r the best youtuber.u literally broke people's assumptions
Mr. Veritasium Guy, I will bet you $5,000 that I can prove to you that Maxwell's Equation are fraudulent and that we Electrical Engineers (of which I am one) have actually been using something different for modeling radio waves for the past 100 years (but did not know it). I will blow you mind if you give me the chance.
So now we need a new video on why besides that power is transmitted by fields, the real power is still confined to go through wires.
Somebody else already measured it mate....
Quick question, why no open circuit to short circuit? Explain arc gaps?
Great follow-up video
More people need to read their Landau & Lifshitz smh
I must admit I was worried you might never clarify this with a video. Respect for tackling the experiment :)
Not super effective even if it's true. 🙄 Not useful for digital communication or power transmission. Which are two of thing which would benefit most for this type of "speed"
Your video was perfect. I think that, the mistakes in the explanation of the concept made it more interesting and created a super fun discussion
As an electrical and electronics engineer I really appreciate this video and all challenges created around the last one  in other channels. Science and engineering at its best. Great job!
I picked the correct answer, but I didn't even know what I didn't even know.
I am confused. He claims that the charges do not push each other, because everywhere along the wire has the same net charge, but shortly after he claims that there is a charge gradient on the surface of the wire. Are these claims not contradictory?
Your first video was quite deceptive in how it posed the question and what answers you would accept.  If you mentioned the electric and magnetic fields and if you weren't assuming a perfect insulator between the wires, I think it would have been more obvious what you were trying to convey.  You made exceptions for what constituted as "on" and electrical resistance, it really sounded like you just "forgot" to mention everything else that is involved.  It would have been better to list all physics that you want to be considered in your/our answers.
By adding discussion about field proximity and fields from surface charges on the wires you fixed the main error.  I wish you had made it clearer that this discussion (from 5:00 to 7:00 or so) is different from the original video.  Only people who carefully scrutinized the previous video would realize you've changed your model here :-/.
Was there a specific reason to build the setup 10' (excuse me 3 m) tall instead of say 7' (excuse me 2.1 m) where you could still walk underneath AND reach everything without a cumbersome ladder?
I love when educational YouTubers have disagreements, no matter the outcome us viewers always win
Many things are simplified for daily use; making hobby circuit boards forty years ago was a bit easier than today; you could essentially just work with the voltage and current. The same with mechanical systems; we had a guy that would pipe up, after someone gave an approximate force in a system, "Well, to a _Newtonian approximation."_
One of the reply videos I saw after the first one, explained that in principle, the wires could be thought as antennas, so other wires nerby would pick up the field changes and show some voltage. That was my 'DUH!!' moment of clarity on the topic, since I was also a bit confused at first.
It made sense the first time... but this gave me even more intuition of the effect. Thank you
Electrons are not particles.
Okay now you have explained the complete picture that existed In only your mind at the time of the original video.
DARE  Test the MagGrav unit from Kesh Spaceship institute.
Alpha Phoenix is awesome
Nice explanation!
So interesting and never explained that way at universities and the engineering schools !
hahahah great script and directory. well done
Great Video! Laws vs Cause of a circuit described in such a cool way.
The one thing I would like to know more in this video is how exactly are the surface charges set up? Is it simply due to the battery squeezing more electrons in one end forcing the electon sea to expand thus creating surface charges?
I appreciate the work of doing a follow up video on this subject. I still think Derek did not understood the problem and if you want a correct explanation watch Dave's EEVBlog video on this. That initial energy transfer is to charge the capacitor's on each side of the light bulb. That current needed to charge the capacitors also flows trough the bulb so part of the energy is wasted as heat due to the light bulb in series with the capacitors. If the ends (or one end) of those circuits where not closed then after capacitors where charged no current will flow. It is maybe best to replace the battery with a charged capacitor to have a better understanding of what happens in the circuit as then you can see exactly the balance of energy based on capacitor voltage.
WOW. I have no words to explain how impressed I am by this video, the quality and usefulness. Thank you so much for educating me with such an interesting and captivating content, you are my hero!
This was an awesome follow up!
Now for round 2 of the replies
I've always thought of electronics and everything electric as a heavy theory based subject, reaching philosophical levels! . Demonstration experiments did explain, but only up to a point, however it was not like watching an engine running or a water pump cavitate (through acrylic pipes). Your video makes sense to many questions I had when younger. It makes me think. thanks
@12:55 this is the most confusing part to me. If we don't even need a circuit for the light to turn on, why are lights ever off? Isn't that what Mehdi was talking about with leakage current?
I’m not the only one who notice that your videos are kind of misleading
There are click baits, and then there are deceptions. I think the previous video was both. I was waiting for you to use a real incandescent bulb in this video. No need to do the wires to the moon though. I get mA in all my multi meters by just turning them on to mA. I like the whole battle against all the YouTubers out there (you got so many upset it was funny 😂)! But this video gets a dislike with the unit of 1/c s without the m.
Forgiven, and agree, at least you instigated reaction about something positive instead of rape and pillage like others seem to be instigating these days.
Please do simulation where wire is at '8' and at 'x' is the battery, switch and on the other side light. Please also repeat when one side of the loop is open, and battery is at the other side, keeping the bulb and switch at the crossing place.
thanks mate, next week i have physics exams
Everything you said (this time) is valid, but what you still missed the part that this is hypothetical construction(thought experiment), so since all was not defined, i did the RLC bit just as you did, the BS bit was, since the light needs no current to light it will be on always even before you add the battery.
Milking putting your foot in your mouth is a new low for Veritasium. At least is not a ad for a self-driving car company.
Great video!
Basically, multiple choice questions are flawed and unfair.
What if we put another lightbulb next to the one connected on the wire, would it light up too? Since the electric magnetic field should also have an effect on this lightbulb too.
Now you convinced me, I was one of those who believed you could communicate fast than speed of light with this. But in this video the difference between the initial phase of switching on and a an electric circuit in steady state becomes clear. Before this video of today, I never really thought about that initial phase and electric circuits were always steady state for me. Now I'm aware of this. Thanks for this clarification
Veritasium is right about autonomous vehicles too.
Man said: “Source? I am the source.”
You’ve built a primitive radio, basically: the wires are acting as antennas transmitting and receiving a signal.
Does this apply in a neurons?
I take your well reasoned argument with scientific knowledge and experimentation and challenge you with my own igorance. That means I win.
So, TESLA was right... Boom!! this video is about to cause a WORLD WAR 3...
This makes a lot more sense than your first video.
How freakin cool, so does this mean if you had 2 more resistors on the furthest section of the wires (10m) equidistant from the battery, they would turn on after the resistor that is across from the battery?
Plot twist: electricity does not work. Only humans do.
What is the difference between the electric field and the magnetic field?
What else can I say? I love you, Derek!
👍👏
WRONG!!!
Derek.   The explanation makes more sense in this second video. I was always with the notion that there would be two components to the light source.  The first component is the electormagnetic coupling from one wire to the next in 1/c seconds.  The second component is the the time when the electric field travels around the wire to the load in 1 second. The explains the two different voltage levels seen on the oscilloscope.    However, Derek.  I am not sure if you realize this or not.  But I think you just explained why your first video is not true.  You just explained why your first video is untrue about the pointing vector.  You first video is just wrong.    The answer is not 1/c.  The answer is 1/c and 1 seconds.  The 1/c is only temporary where the 1 seconds is sustained.
I think my brain hurts
Good response and good attitude 👍  if the biggest drama we cause is an online physics debate, I think we are doing ok 👌
How about using twisted pair?
So do the wires even need to be connected? It doesn't need to be 1 loop of wire it could be 2 parallel wires. Is that right?
Consider a vacuum triode amplifier tube.    The electrons are emitted from a heated filament and flow across a vacuum space where they are collected on the plate.   These are real particles and they are carrying energy by their motion through space.  The amount of energy is directly proportional to the number of electrons and their speed.   How can this work without moving electrons?
Of course there was going to be a follow-up video. "Oh, the light bulb turns on after 1/c seconds" without acknowledging that the radiated signal was a lot less than the main signal made it look like you believed it would go 0-100% that fast and the wires don't matter at all.  Of course, starting with your PhD your whole schtick is that being confusing actually makes people learn more, and you successfully induced(ha!) a lot of engagement. So people learn more AND it's more lucrative. I give you respect for that.  I liked Alpha Phoenix's video the best, but starting with an approach like that would not have been nearly so effective as being purposefully misleading to drive engagement. So good job
I spent a week on this when the video came out 😂
The scientific YouTube community LOL!
What I do not understand is, If I had a car battery and 1 Meter away from it a 14 milli watt  lightbulb, would it light up even if it wasnt wired, since the battery would change the electric field?
Great job! The scientific method is essential but dated.  This is the new way. Post,  wait for detractors. Then let everyone pick sides,  gather facts, battle it out, then wait for time to reveal all.
Guess they dont know how radios work
Ok, that's enough science for one day. Where's a cute dog video?
Hi. A very good explanation for alternative current system. Does this explanation work for DC system as well?
I still think you could have mentioned that the hypothetical LED that would make the initial current visible, would explode when the full current hits it.
Derek: haha gotchu fams
So basically, everyone corrected you that you do in fact get some power transfer at the 1m/c mark but the vast majority of the power (which we call the steady state) kicks in once the loop completes. Which means that you were in fact wrong in what you stated in the original video and that people that corrected you were in fact correct. Can we get this as a case closed that you were wrong? The underlying ideas you presented were fascinating and correct but your somewhat flamboyant presentation that implies that the vast majority was “wrong” is just misleading at best and just flat out wrong at worst.
I was convinced by the first video (its just how any radio antenna works) but it was great to actually see the simulation of the Poynting vector in this video. I have never seen that before :)
Great video. I work in electrical generation and transmission and trying to explain electrical fields to lay persons is always a challenge. Everyone gets magnetic fields, easy to see and feel.  Much harder to experience the workings of electrical fields in a practical way due to their very nature of having the ability to stop your heart.  Keep up the great work. The plasma grape is still my favorite video but this is close.
The video is 24 min long but I think I re-watched segments for about an hour to really understand all the points. You have me convinced and a bit smarter... It all made sense in the end at least. Hopefully it continues to make sense with time and new discoveries, otherwise you're gonna have to make a new video lol.
wholesome
Shhh....Derek stop teaching everyone all this stuff...took me freakin' years to sort all this out and now you just blabbing about it to everyone!
As an R&D electrical engineer, I really enjoyed watching this video. It's a difficult topic to address even among electrical engineers, because lumped models are extremely efficient, easy to understand and even a lot of high-level research can be done perfectly with them. Therefore, it's not uncommon for even electrical engineers to have a few or several misconceptions about electricity, since in most non-academic problems it's rarely "necessary" to use Maxwell's equations. But it's important to never forget that the true behavior of electricity lies within them, while everything else are simplifications/abstractions. This video was great in pointing out that particular point, as well as in providing the necessary evidence for it even for someone without a degree in physics or engineering.  Very good job!
So this explains how wireless charging magically works?
Noob question. So would placing an led in parallel (with the correct series resistor ofcourse)  and using a super high speed camera be able to capture the led turning on faster than the actual lightbulb load when the switch is turned on?
I was one of those who never needed to go beyond the metaphor (current "flows") but I still would have appreciated hearing that it was a metaphor, and thus inaccurate albeit useful. Possibly that kind of teaser might have pointed me toward physics, who knows... more importantly, what other young potential physicists out there need that kind of teaser to get their interest piqued?
TL;DW: The light turns on only a bit after 1/c m
Youtube peer review can be quite a thing.
Two years from now:  Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:How Electricity Actually Works  Just joking, great video!
Great, great video. Thanks for it, first video about current left me a bit confused, but its clear now.
If you say yo use 1 light second length of wires then you have to use a wire that is 299,792,458 Meter (983,571,056 ft) long...   you could also say you want to use a wire that is 0.00001 light second long.. then yea that experiment would be vaild as well..  Be consistent with your procedures.
Such a great video, as always! But does this mean it is possible to transfer 14 milliwats of power with a source they had on a distance of 1 meters without wires at all? Or with only one wire from source to load, for example.
*gets crticized by youtube scientists* *goes to Caltech and teams up with LIGO specialists*
I feel the same way
Is there a way to block electric fields?
There is resistance in the wire so it is less then speed of light air is also a resistor so its less then speed of light there as well
This is why I'm always here whenever he publishes a video... The way he admitted his mistakes and gave reason why he was wrong and how he is right with a proper experiment is genius...!! This man is awesome...!!❤️😇 Love your Videos veritasium...!! 😍❤️😇
22:49 Salutary?
Appropriate device is doing a little lifting there. I'm still saying another lamp with wires not connected to the switch at the same distance will experience the same induced change in charge briefly until the local state is stable while the connected lamp will eventually behave differently remaining lit.  I'm thinking about the magnetic field and visualizing electrons as a cloud.  Not a lot of or particularly efficient work but plenty of signal.  Thinking about electrons is weird. I should spend more time thinking about quanta and quarks just so I can think better.
I think if u explained everything perfectly it wouldn't have been this fun.  This gave rise to discussions, arguments, reaction vedios and lot of people thinking about this.The world needs 'Mistakes' like this.
Can you redo the experiment with a sensor on an unconnected conductor as well? :D
He makes a mistake and explains it better in the next video!
Maybe it's just me, but the whole drift velocity thing makes way more sense, cause it's what's actually happening (compared to the "it's like a hose" explanations). Glad I finally heard an explanation of it. Thanks Derek!
Well he at least admited and learned from his mistakes.
you guys are inspiring!
You asked a trick question that had a mistake in one of the answers. your video asked a question that qualified engineers would answer, then your video told them they were wrong. of course there would be a huge response! i've never seen an engineer just back down after encountering a mistake like that
The scariest part of this video is balancing such an expensive scope on top of a ladder like that. (19:00)
The initial response of the bulb would normally just be called a transient current. I think the piece that people struggled with is that it was presented as being a way to transfer continuous power to the bulb in a “useful” way. Of course engineers think in practical terms, so it’s no surprise!
A further question I want to ask is for a slightly modified set-up:  Instead of having the battery present on the open circuit initially, the positive and negative side of the battery is connected simultaneously to the wires that are connected to the bulbs. What difference, if any, in the time it takes for the current to flow within the bulb will that cause?  My guess is that it should still function similarly: as the two gaps are bridged, the simultaneous generation of the electric fields will reach the other side at the same time and add together, resulting in identical results.  A point of confusion that I encountered when thinking about this problem is the wires not being initially charged by the battery. This is resolved when I consider that the wires already have an initial unknown charge distribution, the sum of the differences in charge distribution between the wire and the positive and negative sides of the battery would be exactly the same as if the battery is already connected, with an open switch.
16:32 basis of this assumption?  Sorry I am not a good physics student and was never good at science.  (And not from a English speaking background).
superb
Spoiler: Magic
I get the point, but obviously electrons don't flow through the wire because if they did this would alter the material that the wire is made of. The reality is that electrons are bound to the atom that they belong to, circling the nucleus like planets orbiting the Sun. The way that electrical energy passes is by reordering the positions of those electrons and that causes friction which since we don't actually want the wire to become warm at that point is counted as loss. This is also why your 1/2c length line will actually not cause the light to come on at all and is in fact why it is pointless to pave the Sahara desert with solar panels and hope to be able to use that to bring power to homes in northern Europe.
I love how thorough you are with you're explanations, giving multiple examples to ensure comprehension. Because of that I've able been to learn and understand things that were never fully explained or at least articulated in a fashion for me to fully comprehend it while in school settings. While I did learn a lot of the basic fundamentals of electrical engineering for diagnosis in the automotive industry it never went quite this far in depth but my curiosity was always there and I appreciate the time/effort you go to for us to learn this stuff!
Top notch content.  Fascinating stuff.
Just promise to never delve into the "wire nuts vs Wago connectors" debate...
As soon as you showed the battery and bulb you set parameters on a theoretical problem. Alpha Phoenix did an amazing job explaining this and I recommend everyone check his channel out.
The top wire bottom wire illustration corresponds to a hand held fluorescent tube that illuminates when held in proximity to, but not directly on, as that is ill advised, an operating Tesla coil.
now I isn't the smrtist... but I am curious about the difference between the one switch and a dual switch. by that I mean instead of the cable being connected directly to the battery on one end what if you connected both ends of the battery to switch that simultaneously connected both ends of the battery to opposite ends of the cable when flipped. that way there's no charge, negative or positive, in any portion of the cable before connecting the battery. would there be a time difference between the two methods??
I'm pretty sure he already explained in that video that electricity doesn't "flow". The length of wires don't matter. If he didn't (i'm sure he did) then another YouTuber did, probably the phoenix guy.
16:30 you should have added inductors to the bottom half of the lumped element model too. It's equivalent, since no values of L and C are written, but without those inductors, somebody gonna complain.
This is the first time I get a satisfactory explanation of the details of how and what makes electricity flow
Fascinating, so how does this make my iPad faster or say help the progress of boner pill technology?
Love it!  I commented on the first video, stating that you are wrong. I have a PhD in Physics and I knew that there was some energy transported over the 1m via the electric field, but my gut feeling was that it's in the low Microwatt region. The fact that almost 1/4 of the voltage jumps the gap through the field is amazing.
I have no background in electronics but occasionally work on hobby projects and appreciate the entire discussion/explanation on this thought experiment.   Very insightful .. Thank you Derek and Team for sharing
Veritasium bringing in the big guns for an "I told you so" lol
This is going to cause far more confusion than before
And in school we're taught that electrons pass charge to each other like a line of kids passing a ball, and that is what turns the light bulb on. I love schools!
As an EE student learning about transmission lines I am super grateful to have some of the best YouTubers on the platform teach me. It was so cool to see the transmission-line model emerge from the physics! A big mind-blowing moment for me was the realization that once you snip a wire, current can continue to flow through it as a capacitor
Hey! I want that 3d math. I like manipulating the units and seeing if they can be used in an unconventional way.
I wonder why nobody tought that in university. Sad.
I'm just going to take your word for it. mmmkay?
I was not expecting a video so soon after the last one especially, covering something I just learned a few days ago. One of my physics lab classes just went over this idea two days ago. We just covered this exact model for transmission lines and it's just cool to have a video explaining it.
I am going to show this video to my circuit analysis professor and see if the professor can explain the video as well in class thank you for sharing love all your videos
A very long winded way to say that capacitors conduct ac
So nicely explained sir 👏 👌
I love what you do. Teaching how we know more than just what we know.
Maam kalitoli, Sir Neikh..if you're here😎
I really admire how you took all the reaction videos positively and made a more detailed explanation video.
I love how this debate keeps calling for principles that aren ormally foundamental to Ether models.
Omg I didn't expect the sponsor to be brilliant and it's so ironic too since this vid is about light bulbs
Is the illustration at 13:24 showing both the circuits side-by-side in the same space? If it is, does it really matter if the switch in the lower circuit is closed as well for its light bulb to turn on? If not, how does current flow in the lower circuit? It would be different from the simulation at 13:29 where the wire requires a closed circuit next to it that emits an electric field to induce a current in it no?
this man is changing the education system as we know it
Tbh, I never know what is happening but I like watching your videos. It makes me think I’m smart.
Many people make electronics and electricity more complex than what you need.  Velocity factor, transmission lines, impedance and all the other things can be useful but not needed by 99% of the population. When teaching electricity to visual learners ping pong balls in clear tubes give that understanding that some people need. The introducing AC effects like closing a switch needlessly complicates how a dc circuit works.
My understanding of this video summarized: hehe a fish 8:46
How much different would the model behave with alternating current?
thanks derek for this explanation
13:31 basically shows wireless charging does it not?
Ok makes sense now
I'm an electrical engineer and yet watching these videos just reminds me of how little I (and probably other electrical engineers) know. Good stuff.
Yamete kudasai
Love from India..
I don’t think this is a believable video considering Thunderf00t an extremely intelligent scientist busted this person over static electricity and a faucet.
Yeah, I think I can come up with couple more "extreme" arguments in favor of Veritasium's argument. 1) Let's say instead of 3*10^8M long, the wire is actually 3*10^38M long, which is basically infinite for all practical purpose; and let's say this time, the "battery" is generating a 2.4GHz AC signal. (in the original problem, it's a step function, which is not truly DC either). Then we are basically asking, is it possible to transmit WiFi signal with antennas, and could the signal be received before end of the Universe? Of course, we should be able to do that, that's how we watch this video, and type out this comment. 2) Let's forget about Einstein and relativity for a minute, if electrons are the carrier of "information", then signals should propagate slower if we rotate this looong wire perpendicular to the earth; and we should also see a voltage drop, because the electrons "spent" part of their energy in moving through gravity field. I used to have a hard time with these type of problems. then finally I settled down on the thought :both electrons and EM fields are mathematical constructs we human conjured up to "best fit" the nature we observe; there's no point to ask what's real or imaginary, there's only how difficult it is to use the tool to predict nature.
Ok nice. Now I wanna see a video on lightning.
@12:45 I thought the electric field and the magnetic field were the same electro/magnetic field...... which is also call light?  I'll never understand this stuff.
I watched many of those video and hade many questions. Thanks "Ve" you did well answering them. I hope you keep the great Job
Derek - Your original video is a better demonstration of Cunningham's Law than it was an explanation of electrical or magnetic fields :P . ("the best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it's to post the wrong answer.")
Let them say whatever they want, I believe in you۔۔۔👍♥️
If I'm understanding this correctly, He's basically tricking us by making his experiment look like a closed circuit, when in reality it's 2 coils with an air gap. IE a transformer. One coils EMF excites the other coil producing a current. So instead of a light second large circuit, what you really have is a VERY inefficient transformer where the coils are a foot apart, with a light second of useless wire stretching out to each side.
It sucks being dumb!!!
Much appreciated follow-up!
Reactions will be Interesting to watch lol
Great video. To be fair, i think most of the 'real' electronic engineering youtubers you showed at the beginning (ie those with degrees in the subject) actually agreed with your original video..... the disagreement was how 'useful' that energy was in 'real terms' and and yes, you can light an LED with 4mW, but to an engineer thats just not all that useful an amount of energy.... and you have to wait for the 'full' light-second to be able to do anything worth doing....  TL;DR all the electronic engineering videos I saw in response said 'Yes, you are correct, the physics you said are correct, everything is correct..  But in real-world engineering you have to wait for the electric field in the centre of the cable to propagate'
Wish you added a third disconected wire in this experiment so we could see the efect the current has on it...
Could I run that same dim LED light if I put it close enough to any electrical field? This makes it seems like it would light up by holding it close to my household outlets.
"i claim we will see more than leakage current" LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR - EB didn't say this was DUE to leakage current, only that a hypothetical bulb WOULD be always on due to leakage, YOU LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
I am Yash Sharma, From India. I love these videos. I have an doubt... In Physics, we take point mass, point charge as ideal case. And Black Hole is an perfect ideal case so, why we are finding new things about it by brutal hard work.... Please consider my doubt...
This was a welcome rectification of the messy original video.
Respect ✊
Derek is like : Checkmate 😆 Please try to see the point he is trying to convey, this is not a competition (to electroboom) 😊
13:20 MINDBLOW!!💥
Electricity is simple... unless you know how it works.
There is one primary point I have a slight problem with. Other than that, sounds good. That Electrons are not pushing each other. That it is the field. Then several times Surface Charges were given as the source of the field.   The wording seems to imply that these surface charges are a separate entity from the electrons and protons when they are in fact the same, just on the surface. The electrons are part of the source of the field that efects the path of the electrons.  Second is more of a nit-pick. In the animation of an electron moving the width of a proton, the distance is smaller than its size. The proton is bigger than the electron which is without an apparent size.
Excellent, but you lost me at 'I made a video...'
But question is that why does the charge create fields what's the need behind it probably you made the video on this if you got  found my comment
i gotta say this video was more interesting to me than the original one. i never really did understand what your points and conclusions meant until you showed me the diagram of the field spreading out from the switch. Soo glad i watched this. i also hate how other science youtubers animate the electrons flowing through the wire because they make it too simple to the point where it only shows a concept of current but your diagrams really tell the true story
This is the best and most exciting science video i have seen this year. Thank you.
After a few months, another contradicting "scientific fact" will emerge
Veritasium always succeeds in making realize that I am stupid.
This is what science is about: getting the word out there and...collaborate!  Great job Derek, and great job to everyone who gave even a small contribution! You guys are awesome!!
> I apologise for the casual use of units  Good. We expect better of you.  > It's unfair to show a little LED  when I showed a bulb […] in the original video  Yes it is  > But those items were for illustrative purposes only  You and I both know that's not how science works. Also your original video only briefly mentioned as if in passing that the initial current would be negligible, with the full current coming later.  > we shouldn't forget that the main actors are actually the fields  This is _precisely_ why PCB layout can be as complicated as schematic design ;)
Thanks for the follow up!
Dedication 🤚
Watching the section on breaks in the circuit/separate wires unifies radio & wireless charging. - this also looks to play into Tesla's (the original) thoughts, claims, & process of electricity. - brings inductance into play, as I couldn't understand why a coiled wire was so different. - does shielding (RAM or Faraday) make electronics more efficient, due to lower interference? Also explains both types of shielding better. *Revis* I'm going to assume it does, as this explains shielded wire & other applications.. was going to ask who works on sheilding integrated PCBs, but.. I'd used to assign battery charge loss (when disconnected) to chemical losses, but this makes it clear that you can't completely disconnect a battery from its own magnetic field, just reduce the transfer efficiency.
A better way to think of it, all open circuits are capacitors (or they all have a capacitance) because the space between them acts as a dielectric. When you close the switch you cause the fields created by each side to collapse. The speed at which this collapse can FIRST be theoretically detected by an increase in voltage is the distance between the switch and the load that is being measured divided by the speed of magnetic field fluctuations in a vacuum, which is equal to the speed of light (light is in fact just a specific form of electromagnetic radiation). Most of the energy of the wires is carried on the surface in the form of magnetic fields twisting around a wire in a cylinder shaped rotating magnetic field. The rotational direction is the path of travel for the current, if it is always rotating the same way, it is considered D/C and if that direction of rotation keeps reversing at a fixed rate, it is considered A/C. If a coil is formed, the current will move through the middle of it and will move the opposite way on the outside of it due to the sum of the rotational forces of all of the magnetic fields of each of the wires bundled together.
This video is amazing, with really great descriptions and demonstrations. Electricity is my weak spot and I was able to follow and understand this. Thank you.
Now I call this BroSciMance.
I love when stuff I learned in my Electrical Engineering classes actually pay off :D thank you for all the great videos! I also love the response videos; I don't see them as arguments, rather a challenge to better understand the nature of how things work in our universe. Isn't that what science is all about?
I’ve learned more about the reality of the electric field in the last few months than I did during years of formal education. This was also the greatest internet collaboration I’ve ever seen, even if it was unintentional 😂. Love your work!
Haah @electroboom got a new content for his next video!!!!
22:22 this is how the Holy spirit works.  I have learned so much by 'knowing better'.
My hat’s off to you sir!
You're a liar : "clearly i didn't do a good enough job..." liar: you did a very good job of intentionally misleading, creating misleading edits of the professors and trying to make this seem like something it wasn't. a huge disservice to your viewers.
14:10 you can clearly see the strength of the field below vs at the top after 1-3 secs. It is different. That's why literally every YTer was saying that yes the electricity flowing instantly will be negligible but will be 100% only after completing the entire circuit which would take 0.5-1sec. You are wrong Derek.  Edit: so he does explain in the video later on that he didn't tell us some crucial points. Still doesn't change anything though. He did that on purpose. No one leaves out crucial portions of a problem like that, especially science guys like him.
And yet you are *still* wrong. With your analogy, there is no mention of heat given off. And trying to tell you, you are completely wrong is like trying to tell someone with severe TDS on Twitter that there is no Russian collusion. You want to believe this so it is true. You don't say a word about how a battery pushes or pulls electrons. When you go into that, you will quicky find out that is video and what you believe in,  is completely wrong. But all the people on twitter will be screaming at you that there is Russian collusion.
I’m glad that I finally learn this after all these years. They never teach this in school, I always thought energy came from electrons traveling through the wire, like a water pipe.
I’m hoping to see a clip of AlphaPheonix doing the experiment.
Amazing, 2022 and we are still into "the basic"...viva la 100+ year-old crackwhore by the name of quantum mechanics :P
You were wrong, admit it and move on.
And also it's a misconception that electrons are moving under wire like a employee goes for his office and some traffic come over like a resistance but it's not true the charge particles create electric and magnetic field which makes the bulb lit up q
I hope we get another wave of response videos, this whole journey has been so cool.
load is never in range of the source in real life then how do they lit and also take same time irrespective of their positions ?
Cunningham's law at work haha
This whole event is an exemplary example of making expanding explanations for our examinations of experiments.
Hell yeah collaborative science.
Wifi harvesting to power is possible but it's an extremely miniscule amount it's not worth thinking about
I’m seeing a lot of people in the comments that think that somehow the issue is that Dave Jones or Mehdi did either not know or disregarded the physics because they were using “higher level abstractions”.   That’s not at all the case, in fact it would be just impossible to do either of their previous jobs without good knowledge of all of this.  The discrepancy here was in what it meant for the light to be ON. Mehdi and Dave thought that meant “when will the circuit get to it’s steady state”, while Derek argued “any current with sufficient power” was good enough. This distinction wasn’t clear in the first video, that’s why they though it was misleading.
Didn't you say in the previous video that the electrons don't really travel along the circuit but rather they drift slowly in their position?
Derek: "i got called out on something i didnt mean?". .*looks towards LIGO Worker* . . "time to pull out the big guns"
I wish I knew this in my college,  I used to wonder about this basic questions and loose my concentration on exams, but I am happy now it full filled My thirst, excellent explanation
Will alternating current also take 1m/C?
Nice
In order to lie to someone, you just need them to believe you. In order to teach the truth, you need them to also understand you =/
Amazing follow up 👏 loved seeing other expert reactions
In the great words of Bob Ross, just a happy accidents.  Your initial video was great, and the little accident of feeling like you lead a little out lead to so much discussion and furthered so much knowledge harvesting that it indeed turned 'happy'  Way to go!
I'm glad this subject is free of authorities immediately rooting out and censoring "misinformation" so we can get a detailed explanation.
I am now enlightened.
Lololol
The problem with your original video, that I believe you did a decent job of rectifying with this one, is that you simplified too much of the real-world behaviors of electronics, which, in my opinion, did make your original video misleading. Everything you had presented there, as you presented it, was *technically* correct, but not realistic and required the average viewer to make assumptions that they would have no way of knowing that they needed to make. It's clear by the end of this video, both by the contents of it and your closing statements, that you understand where the original video derailed and lost people.  Something to note is that the point and purpose of these videos that is present at the end of this one was completely absent from the previous video. I think such a statement would have avoided the backlash you received because everyone would have realized what you were really trying to say instead of having to make assumptions based on an oversimplified set of arguments. Then again as a Youtuber in the science space, having this much discussion and interaction from fellow Youtubers and community members is a good thing.
As a non engineer who intuitively came to this conclusion about the disconnected wire when watching the first video, I feel immensely smug.
I know so less
OMG couldn't understand anything 😭
Yeah Derek! Yeah SCIENCE!
I am going to pretend that I understood all that you just said.
9mins in and i need a drink wow great video
Good stuff
NO use a light bulb 💡 the experiment is NOT with a resistor
If the animation of (negatively charged) electrons repelled by the (positively charged) nucleus is less confusing, then I'd like to know what can possibly be more confusing! Also, I still would like to see the experiment with two switches very-very close to the battery's both poles shortened at the same time. It looks like the electric force WILL go all the way across the entire length of wire and the light will not be on until it will cover Len/2 (in both directions). As explained at 6:44 :-) Because otherwise, we can think of this entity set up as some kind of way to enlarge the battery's poles.
Please do more of this kind of thing. This one, the back and forth on the down wind faster that the wind saga, ElectroBoom and Steve Mould's 'spat' over the Mould effect... all of those are like the greatest things I've seen on YouTube
Some led bulbs will illuminate even when a circuit is not closed
Maybe it explains how A.Current  passes energy
19:00  my friend, the signal you saw is in nanoseconds, it will not be able to power any device visible by the naked eye.  the bulb you are holding is being supplied constantly with power every second which is 1000000000 nanoseconds.
7:30  His surname is "Watson" he must be right
I thought I knew how electricity worked and never gave it a second thought. My mind is seriously blown by how much information is "hidden" from general public just due to misconceptions. Thanks a lot for your videos.
ha ha ha... waiting for electroboom😂😂😎
I think once you understand the idea of induction (where voltage and current are created in a wire that is disconnected from the power source) the idea that electrical energy is conducted by the electromagnetic fields makes perfect sense.
" My mistake was actually a good thing."
Thank you for making this!
Hmm, I thought you arrogantly ignored the criticism. Glad that I was wrong. It'd be helpful if you announced publicly that a clarification video is coming. Keep it up!
Could you shape the circuit in such a way that it builds the pulse as it travels either parallel to or somehow in line with the field and leads to a power surge at the end?
I still had a question if the field turn on the light and also same time it is traveling through the wire a light year. Two energy at the same time .that we r creating more energy then we have.
Those simulations were extremely cool:DDD
Now think about how that applies neuron signals
Are they arguing through videos?
Indians knows it from high schools 😄
The production values of these videos is outstanding.  The number of drawings,  graphics, and animations is just incredible.
DOME
new controversey -- you can't MAYSURE things, only MEASURE them. (mic drop)
Excellent video, sir! That VPython simulation is so cool! Thank you for the informative content. Keep it up. I always keep an eye out for any of your videos. They are very inspiring!  P.S. I would like to pay a visit to the Caltech campus and meet these amazing people there! Thanks for being an inspiration to me! Oh, and brilliant electrical engineers by the way. Just checked them out and their channels are as awesome as yours is...
I feel like all his videos are now correcting something he once said… not exactly why I follow this channel. Kind of unsure about this new kind of video…… 🥱🤨
Great video!  So...is the electric field a quantum field and if so, what particles in it is carrying its energy (since the electrons are trapped in the conductor)??  Axions - anyone!?  Interesting topic!
My original critique of the first video was that while of course some energy is transferred across the fields between the wires, it wouldn't be a very significant voltage, compared to what would be coming through the wire. The 3d animations and the measurements you made seem to indicate this as well. I think the original question is probably poorly worded, in that if you're asking how long the light bulb takes to light up, you're intentionally misdirecting so people are asking themselves "how long does the signal take to propagate the wires," with the idea to point out the fields bridging the gaps between. "Will the bulb turn on at 14 milliwatts?" is turning to pedantics to defend the result, and your responses moved away from the experiment itself, as they probably should have to begin with.   Getting a good ol' internet fight started about it is a pretty good way of getting a bunch of people to learn electronics though so I can't really knock it lol. It's actually hilarious because I think both of us find the results supporting our own hypothesis; "Some but not very significant" for myself versus "A significant voltage" for you. Since you were asking about when the bulb turns on, you can stick as small a bulb there as you want and get a positive result, but like I said, the original question seems more to point to asking about the signal. I'll give you your internet points back from the original video, but you also get a slap on the wrist for the misdirection. Good job tying the whole thing together at the end!
Oh Derek, your previous video was perhaps the most fascinating and thought provoking video you've ever made.  I can see the perceived "pushback" you've gotten from the community has made you doubt the veracity of the idea or why you made the video, but please do not doubt. The whole community holds you in very very high regard, so keep asking interesting questions PLEASE.   Don't hesitate for fear of error, this is how we progress. ❤️  I've levelled up my complete 30 yeaes understanding of electric energy from your and alpha phoenix's videos.   Thank you so much for the continued stream of broad education you provide. 🙏
Excellent video and technical explanation. Anyone that has worked with antenna theory over the years most likely knew the correct answer already. I did NOT learn this in school. Got close, but no bananas. I learned it from my dad (a ham from the early days of radio) when he tought me the principles of basic electricity, electronics, and RF theory back in the early 60's so I could get my ham ticket. This series has brought back many warm memories of those days. Thanks dad!
So in photography does this explain why larger sensors have less noise? The density of the smaller sensors means that when a photoreceptor (pixel) is triggered the electric field it generates can trigger the neighboring pixels, but on a larger sensor the fields are more isolated.
Wow! We've successfully broken causality! Combine that with free energy from the downwind fancar, and veritasium really is pushing science into the future! /s
So, the fact that the lines are next to each other will give a different result to a wire that is laid out in a circle? Or a square? How would that influence the fields?
I'm gonna assume I understood everything.
This was cool!  Now I feel like I finally understand how the turboencabulator works!   I was just having a hard time understanding the relationship of magneto reluctance, and capacitive duractance.   It seems so obvious now.  It’s all about the dingle arm!
The experiment performed is very similar to one that a scientist who owns a ranch in Colorado performed in response to the video.   And then you a site their video awesome.   However you're still not right because you're using a completely classical model to really understand what's going on you need to use quantum field theory.
Excellent video. It's a real pity that so many critiques missed the point in the first place, but it's always fun to have a simple repeatable experiment on hand!
Today was my birthday and this was the best present I received.
Excellent. I learned so much from the first video and this one and all the response videos. Scientific community at its best!
In a nutshell, he made a high frequentcy conductor. They are often gaps that physically are little open cuircuits, which actually conduct high frequentcies better than continuous traces.
babe, wake up, Veritasium just uploaded
How do you harness and amplify the electric field with no fuel source (ie battery), should be possible right?
This is true, but the field strength through the air drops off with the square of the distance, so for practical purposes (your house bulbs being powered by a power plant generator a kilometer away), the "air power" is zero.
Here we go again.
Hitting the bulls eye requires  adjustments. We admit and adjust. The objective truth indeed. For now, we seize the day, as we know nothing of tomorrow. Thank you Derek
You have become the Bob Ross of modern-day science.. 😉 No mistakes, just happy accidents... that "sparked creativity"(lit the lightbulb) in others(response videos) all across the world(through fields) outside of your video(original thought experiment/circuit)
2 hours and 288k views
Your first video was misleading
Always great to watch your videos
Another "Theory", brought to you by Common Core Eduction.
Who are like me who understqnd very little but watched the whole video
You have just explained how astral projection works and you don't even know it.
Incredible animation. Enjoyed it
'Sup nerds.
Follow up question: would the bulb stay on for 1m/C seconds AFTER you open the switch?
You lost me at the point where you said the light would come on even if there was a break in the wire. Like why wouldn't the light be on if the switch was open then? Hopefully this is clarified in the rest of the video. Is it because this is not a representation of an actual lightbulb since an actual bulb wouldn't come on due to inductance like this thought experiment bulb?
Halfway through, but I wanted to comment on something. A "broken circuit"  doesn't seem to be the same situation as a "separate wire next to the original circuit". I might be wrong on this, but based on the other explanations, wouldn't the broken circuit option have a different distribution of charges "at rest" and hence to make the switch work the same way you'd need to connect the switch with the place that is broken on the circuit? In other words - when a circuit is broken it's almost as if it was missing the entire part not connected to the battery (the battery being the cause of the distribution of charges "at rest").
Fantastic revisit! The animations and the simulations were spot-on, and great at showing the difference between the transient “first-second” effect, and the steady-state “rest of time” behavior. The whole “expanding loop of current” thing is a great way to phrase it, because after that poynting loop expands to match the actual physical loop of wire, then stuff starts to behave normally and all of the power is transmitted around the loop very close to the wire.  I still hold that for this simple circuit, turning on a lightbulb with wires much smaller around than they are long, the effect of surface charge vs internal charge is negligible, so you can ignore any skin-effect stuff and say that “mobile” electrons are indeed pushing on other “mobile” electrons using their fields, but I totally agree that that’s a simplification, just a simplification that makes the intuition a lot easier.  I also need to do some math about how far the average “electron” is displaced in order to build the initial charge distribution around some typical circuit elements - axial flow is the only way I understand those charge distributions getting built, and this whole endeavor has made me think hard about what that means. Someday when I think I understand it better I’ll edit up my pt.2 response video - thanks for the shoutout! I’ve got a great experiment in the works to show the “expanding poynting loop” 😁
Respect 💪
It was a good video and i now i know more about how electricity works after the first video it was still hard to understand you kind of did the luther to my electric understanding
The Master is not backing down. A very very technical video. But hats off to sticking to an idea that is very very disruptive in the way of thinking of the entire industry. You are going against the mountain.
No if the capacitor are fully charged then charge again move in opposite direction to discharge it this process going on
nice
Thanks a lot for this video , I really needed this . It has greatly increased my understanding of electricity.
Im a simple human being and my head hurts now!
Maximize the most out of everything no matter how small
As someone that has spent my life in electronics. I've heard/understood the idea yet never thought about it until your video. After watching it I dug in, started learning and watching quantum mechanics videos and learning far outside the lumped understands.   So for that, thank you. I have really enjoyed your videos.
18:52 For the record, this is exactly the kind of thing a lot of us (including Mehdi and EEVblog) were predicting. The recieved power between the wires is a fraction of the transmitted power until the wave has time to travel the closed circuit via the wires. We just didn't know what the fraction would be without modeling the characteristic impedance (and impedance matching the source wasn't specified as part of the setup).  I think Mehdi just brought up leakage current to show how the initial problem was not well specified, not because he thought the transmitted power would be that small. Obviously no one trained in E&M doubted that antennas are capable of transmitting power.
The explanation was very good. Finally able to understand that electricity is the result from a gradient of the electric field caused as the battery is placed in the circuit.
I think this was clearer the second time.
Wow! Thanks for the explanation. Now I would see electrical circuits in a completely different way. Thank you @Veritasium 🥰
This video is a proof of humbleness in a hole other level. Grettings from Chile from an Electronic Engineering student
Maybe I was in the minority, but I was never confused about the intent of the original video. I understood that it was a thought experiment and not a circuit design challenge lol.
“I can get a good look at a T-bone by sticking my head up a bull’s ass, but I’d rather take a butcher’s word for it.”
I’ve been waiting for this video. Once I saw the response videos I knew some interesting interesting was coming. A lot of them are very good so in a way they are working together.
Ok, so there are 4 directions of motion, so there is horizontal direction, veritcal direction, angular direction, and depth direction, so all of those 3 directions are the same that is in parallel size, but in depth direction that is it is not in parallel, so it is in non-parallel size so it changes as it expands and narrow, so the field is where the energy is, so you show batter that pushes energy to the load, but it would be wrong since the field is the space, so logically it would be space density diameter, so you increase the space density so the depth level to high so it interacts the mass which it will cause direction, so the direction is base on primary that is the density which expands from battery that causes high expand, then the direction of the battery will travel, like the water you raise on glass, it expands in diameter, and it raises upward, so as for dog to sheep, which it is good comparasion, but it would be better as sheep and dog is the second process but the first process is expand or narrow which is connect to resistance, right, since the resistance is higher density so that is where the energy is. The narrow the wire, the higher density, since the positive and the negative will cancel out to cause motion that is direction.   Water is flexible, so is energy, so water is energy. What causes the expansion is highly positive with the high negative, so cause high cancel out density which cause motion, well, it is a series of motion like if you do a lot of section of motion, per time, it will look like motion, but there is no motion at all, but expand and narrow, so it is about speed like flip pages.   The green part is the source volt and the yellow part is the volt across the resistance, so it is a higher density that interacts with the source volt, so the source pushes the resistance volt to a higher level, so the source is the cause of a resistance volt to go higher level so it is a secondary, so the secondary will go to load, well, the source goes to load, so it is all about the source so the resistance is the medium to raise the source level.   So, like water that pours into glass as it expands in a direction so to left and right size, so it interacts to glass that is resistance so it raises upward that is direction. Water has three processes; so electricity is expanded that is source resistance since that is how volt form so it needs resistance, so it can't be none resistance, right? Electricity one expands that is the source to electricity two that is the direction of a source that goes upward since it is resistance so it goes up, so no direction except up. And it goes to the next wire, so there are two-wire before the resistance, so the before the wire is low level, and the after the wire is high level, as step by step show. But the electricity expands outward in even, so it will interact with both wires between the resistance, so it is not before and after, but before and after is a perspective, but more accurate, it is the expansion of before and after, so the before the wire is narrow energy to after water that is expand energy so interacts to new resistance that is load. So, the gap diameter between the load and the source is the result of the time that will gain, so that depends on how far. But is that also interact of the same radius, same two diameters that are horizontally and vertically, like a balloon with air is firm and can hold itself well, since it is all even.
Really cool to see engineering discord on YouTube like this and the deep dive which ensued. I have a CompE degree but realized my own perspective prior to this video was overly simplified. As Kurzgesagt would say "we lied to you and we'll do it again". Every model is overly-simplified to some degree and it's humbling to step back and realize that every now and then 🤷
Why did you close the ends of wires???? It would be more similar to 1 light second length if you didnt close wire on ends!
Summary: When you need a correct answer, turn to Maxwell. It's a pain to calculate, but so reliable that even Einstein's revolution couldn't dethrone it.
Absolutely awesome video! In the first video, I sensed something was not quite right and that propelled me down the electrical rabbit hole. I now know loads more about electricity than I knew before this whole saga started, thanks to your video! Cheers
I would like to know how much power was supplied compared to what was delivered
Another common misconception is that “energy transfer” implies that energy is some sort of substance when in fact energy is merely a property of something (like temperature). Thus, the energy transfer simply means changes to the fields that alter the state of the system, which includes changes to the energy property of parts of the system.
The decentralized peer review in action.
So fields carry electric energy.  Fields created by the movement of electrons.  The fields are both electromagnetic and electro and magnetic dual fields with 90 degrees polarity..Isn't this the same as an electromagnetic field or light.  Electrons in relative motion create photons in motion but photons traveling at the speed of light or causality, have no momentum and no time.  Photons don't have motion because they have no time.  Physics is in big trouble, in my humble opinion.  For instance, if you were a photon traveling at the speed of light, time would stand still, in other, time would cease to exist and the photo would be massless except it has energy which is equivalent to mass.  Sounds logical, or does it?
Again?
This conversation is the clearest example of how Science works.   It's a discussion.   We have right and wrong but we get there with clarity.   Thank you for doing this.
*dies in confused*
In short, remember always: all I see, all I understand is (partly) hidden by hypotheses and assumptions [models]. All whatever I see is what I think, never what IS.
Good on you for accepting your mistakes and for coming up with a better explanation.
I love your videos!! Now I know that if I repeat your though experiment and connect your 14mW LED I can see the light for around a second until the high current destroyed it, and how the electricity works.
So what you are trying to say is that in order to produce more scientific development you just need to tickle the "pride" on others?  I think that is the biggest take away of this video... sometimes the human nature is way more interesting than science hahahah
Awesome video, I love it
soon you will understand attentas keep going
I thought AlphaPhoenix showed that the full current was only after it traveled the wire. So sure there was a reaction across the meter from the electric field but it was a small amount compared to when it travels around the wire.
This knowledge which is common sense for some specialist is almost inaccessible for us. Glad there is a YouTube channel with this kind of content
If electrons are not flowing from one side of the battery to the other, how is the battery getting discharged? Fields can exist between the plates of a charged capacitor and an ideal capacitor without leakage currents can stay charged for infinite amount of time.
Don't apologize for confusing. It's not until we are confused that we feel comfortable asking the right questions. It's through making mistakes and not quite getting things just right that we learn and make progress, and gain understanding.
This man just discovered wireless electricity. Fu** you Tesla.
Ralph Morrison has been talking about "the energy is carried in the fields" since decades. Rick Hartley himself has mentioned it... Ralph Morrison was one of the first, if not the first,  to publicly understand and appreciate this fact. As far as I could notice, he receives much less credit for it, than he deserves.
This will be reason for the next great "internet crash"
Here, They are fighting on physics,    In India, fighting for reels.
The science commnity
I still don’t understand how the whole field thing works when you’re talking about things like microprocessors. Wouldn’t you get too much interference for it to work? What about things like quantum tunneling?
Loved the video!
And also potential difference create work done which energy took by electron
Scaled down 🤣yeah that's how it works. Make another dumb video.
He did it !!!!!! absolutely loved the video. Kudos to Derek.
Kudos for coming back for a revisit and really digging down in to the details. On one side of the coin we have the obvious observation that information and signals pass through air at roughly the speed of light. The information that the switch has been flipped travels at this speed. On the other side we have the observation that meaningful power (90% of steady state) appears gated by the amount of time taken for the system to reach steady state, which is in turn limited by the length of the conductor. Let's phrase the question another way. Can we reach 90% of steady state power delivery faster than the speed of light divided by the conductor length?
nice explanation, but if I may get technical here, at 15:20, "zillion" is not a recognized SI prefix. check and mate derek.
So I believe that the answer is misleading because it is implied he means the bulb will turn fully on,however it would only be partially on for 1 second, but then turn on fully
I have no idea whats going on but its interesting
I dislike that you keep cutting away from the simulation before it completes seems a bit manipulative.  In the end, you're arguing about semantics of what it means for a light to be on, and not the math behind physics.
Wow... So when I was teaching my students basic electricity using the "army men" analogy it was even more accurate than the water analogy...?  Huh...
i love how this community works together whether you're right or wrong as much as you learn something new!
The Carrington event explained how current could flow without a battery and with just an electric field. That's why our electric grid would be screwed if a huge CME were to hit.
Dude, the YouTube science community is the best. It is the only ne not toxic and actually appreciates and works to clear stuff up.
As I said the videos get better and better
It’s all just pixies
But it's a magnetic field create over the wire not electric field
I love that the educational side of YouTube is able to channel "drama" into a tool to find truth in science so effectively. You guys are all incredible.
Makes me feel there is potentially a way(unknown for now) electricity can be transferred wirelessly  . @veritasium
The issue that I had with the previous video, is that nowhere was it stated that the battery / circuit interaction had been primed prior to the switch activating, which would indeed defy Causality.
can you tell if the wire is wrapped in some material that doesn't allow electric field pass through. then the electric field will go through wire only, right ? also what is speed of electric field ?
I loved both videos. The thing i loved the most was the discussions it triggered. You exposed the complexities of a topic that is treated as trivial, and had a bunch of people talking about it.
This shows that YouTubers can make educational videos they just need some roasting to be motivated
How do we know that fields move electrons and that electrons don't create the field?
Now measure again, but this time place the wires actually 1 metre apart. For science. Because unless the little pole thingies are like 15 metres tall, the distance between the wires is nowhere near 1 metre, more like 20 cm... Yes I know, nit-picking, but I'd like to see the amount of power given the actual distance.
I hope I do qualify to do Electrical engineering and learn more crazy stuff about electricity
Mind-blowing. Absolutely mind-blowing. Thank you very much for this video, it's much more clear and I didn't really understand the first video. This has completely changed my perspective of how electrical systems work similar to how quantum mechanics changed my view of how atoms worked (after being taught the Bohr's model in elementary and highschool)
I can imagine that this would be how the 19th century scientist/scholars would have corresponded if they were also content creators 😅
Thank you Derek :) Love your work and this is a great example of scientific integrity: accepting pushback, showcasing your data and proof, acknowledging where flaws may have existed, and doing a great job the second time to reinforce your work.
What happens in the example with two switches, the normal one at the battery and another, open, further away? Will closing the one by the battery still impact the light, if there’s another open switch somewhere down the line?
There's nothing wrong with correcting someone when they're incorrect about something. Just don't be a dick about it. That's the part that most people aren't capable of.
When your wrong and add a bunch of assumptions to your own theory. You should just throw away your degree
this video's breakdown should happen in a university class
Brilliant video, cleared up all the knots I had from the first one.
great video
You did a wonderful job explaining in your last video. There was no confusion caused by you. The confusion felt by many was caused by their bias. Which was likely caused by years of experience.
Learned a lot about electronics from this (and the previous) video, thank you!
how to transfer the "misunderstanding" into "success story" ;-) The biggest confusion from day one was: the difference between 2 parallel wires, even 300,000km long, 1m from each other vs 300,000km of wire in the circle
I always imagined electrons in wire to be like links in a chain ⛓️ 🔗, With excess links 🔗 deposited at negative side of battery,. So as soon as the circuit is complete the chain starts to get pulled from positive side and every link moves one step, this movement within the bulb causes it to glow, so bulb turns on instantaneously irrespective of distance from switch or battery.  Please help me understand why isn't or can't be the case...?
AWESOME Video as always!!!  I'm definitely no smart guy by any stretch of the imagination and all my learning of electronics and electrical flow have been the simplified ones you mentioned in the video.   What I found very interesting and important with this explanation is it explains the how and why electricity flows through transformers.
I can see Mehdi's Unibrow dancing while watching this video
But the practical question is how long does it take  for the resistor's voltage (yellow) reach the plateau, and relationship to the distance.
Is that why appliances/electronics still use a small amount of energy when they're plugged in but turned off?
home clapped back HARD
If you really want to know how electricity works you should watch someone like Eric P. Dollard.
"I apologize for the casual use of units."  I love this channel.
Super interesting physics! Amazing how some simple circuit laws can encode all this complexity, isn't it?
i would have said none  because the amount of resistance the distance would have you wouldn't have enough power to turn it on.
😎 booyakashah
Good information on this topic
Per aspera ad astra. I'd like to think that humanity thanks you for your contributions of curiosity. I certainly do. Thank you. People like you, those who spark curiosity, discussion, learning and understanding of our world - should be in the spotlight a lot more.
17:43 aargh! Enough already, my brain hurts!
In the simulations where another wire was placed in parallel, near to the source, but unconnected and current passed through it, this is basically the operating principle of Yagi antennas.
I like this revisit, it's good. I think the major issue with your original video was failing to define what "on" meant. You meant "a significant rise in voltage over resting" while many people, engineers and computer scientists especially, would define it as "a significant portion of the input voltage". Those of us that know about things like inductive charging would agree that there's a change in the opposite line, but many would consider it too weak to count.
these simulations made everything make way more sense
I mean if you call it an antenna (or a capacitor I guess) it checks out but that's still not doesn't change the fact on how disingenious first video was. And if you called it an antenna (or a capacitor) nobody important would argue.  But the lightbulb will not "light up" for any reasonable definition of "light up",  and the word trap of "oh it's magical lightbulb that reacts to any current" is just plainly dishonest.  The way you presented it suggested lightbulb would get full battery current (minus wire resistance), not few uW from emitted radiation
I would love to learn how this was Discovered. It's always so interesting.
My mind tells me you're right but my heart still says it'd take 2C :)
As an electrical engineer, I would say you misled your viewers. You should have at least mentioned that the battery is not sized to light the light bulb - it is sized to make it explode.
I was soooo waiting for this
He might have had an easier time describing a simple transformer ("wireless transmission"), or putting it in terms of devices people might be more familiar with such as wireless chargers for cellphones. You can also find demonstrations of TVs being powered without being plugged in to a circuit. I confess I struggled to agree with the first video, and even the second until about the 13 minute mark, even though he was spitting truth the whole time. ah, yes and that's exaxctly what he finally does at the 14 minute mark.
I really like this response and this explanation and it all makes sense. However, it makes me wonder, if this was always the thought process, why wasn't it pointed out in the first video? Why was it not just said "This works even if you don't have any circuit", that would have instantly removed all the confusion and eliminated this whole debate. It would even fit the first video more as it had the goal of showing electricity is being transferred not through the wires but through the field.
I almost feel like you did this on purpose knowing the responses you can get. I promise you we are all smarter because of this video. The science community on YouTube is bananas 😂
This video is so much better than the first one! Props to you for listening to the other youtubers and improving your explanations!
good work Derek.  Way to educate and show how scientific method and community work simultaneously.
Omg dude...  Your so much smarter than all of us.  I am in awe of your prodigious intelligence.  You're so smart, you're up there with Thunderf00t.  Wow just so impressed that YOUR UNITS WERE EFFING WRONG!
Just say radio waves!  We all understand that.  Radio waves transmit small amounts of power long unconnected distances and travel the speed of light, we just normally need amplifiers to do anything useful with it.  Also, without completing the circuit, the LED will only flicker on due to the transient nature of the radio wave you're transmitting between the unconnected wires.  You'd have to continue turning the switch on and off to make the led stay on if the circuit was not complete.
Electrifying explanation 👍
What's a "surface charge"? Is it a charge carrying particle?
Veritasium it's innovative and thought provoking. Its agency does a most outstanding job in promoting action and reaction of startled competitors. That's great for viewers and the platform. Congratulations Derek.
I'm slightly confused given the concepts I've previously learnt in my inorganic chemistry course. I'm still a student so bear with me on the explanation. I've recently come to discover a concept called band theory that describes how discrete energy levels of individual atoms become bands of energy levels in metal lattice structures and contribute to our understanding of how semiconductors work. My understanding is that conduction of electricity occurs when these electrons are excited to occupy the valence energy levels. Essentially it disregards the notion that a 'sea of electrons' exist and places these electrons withing bands of energy levels. If such is the case, how can we describe the following  1. In the video it describes how the movement of an electron by a small fraction can cause these surface energy fields. But from this notion, especially when we consider electrons as occupying these bands how can we consider the formation of these surface fields.  2. And applying that similar concept how does energy fields influence these bands to to allow the conduction of electricity by exciting the electron to the valence bands on the other side of the circuit.   Essentially, this boils down to:  How does band theory interact with electric fields by producing them and utilizing them to conduct electricity when electrons are excited into the valence band as the 'sea of electron' model fails to prove how semiconductors function.   I'm gonna say again this isn't my area of expertise as I'm still learning these concepts so thank you for listening to the ramblings of an uneducated stranger.
cant wait for the video responses to this one
it seems the response to this phenomenon is that its a problem. but couldn't this be something used for faster data transmission?
This is what I really like in science: We all make mistakes but valid criticism is taken and used to improve the solution. If only the discussions on social networks would follow this approach. No one is absolutely right in everything, but if we bring ideas together without directly attacking everything which was said by „the other side“ this world would be so much nicer.
I was confused by the 1st video. Now it's clear as day. Thanks to all who contributed. I think the feedback really helped this video. Thank you !
Alpha Phoenix did this already.
now this is the beef i like on youtube lol
Interesting
I think if tesla was alive and saw this he'd weep in overwhelming joy
Another amazing video. Thank you.
My brain too small.
Achievement unlocked being called and "naughty Mr Veritasium" by BigClive 0:34
I love this channel.
3:02 dude to be good at this you need to start talking about ALL charge carriers restating the same thing in a different way isn't going to help anyone
Great video. Far better explanation. Yet still simple and concise.
17:25 GLITCH at the switch!
Teaching the shortcut dooms everyone to a lack of intuitive understanding about anything really.  The shortcuts should be used as they were meant, an easier way to calculate things you already have and understanding of.
...so after all it wasn't about the battery or the bulb, but about the switch changing the electric field around it. Interesting...:D
Even if there was only plus I still wouldn't get it
I will tell my boy about what I learnt from you when he grows up.
Not first
Assuming the loop explaination, if there are two bulbs, one at the center and another one somwhere on the left, you are saying the one at the center will turn on first and then the one on the left. Interesting.
Yet still...  if energy doesn't flow through wires, then why does wire gauge matter?
You said the characteristic impedance is the resistance an AC signal will see, this is a bit wrong. It's the impedance ALL signals will see if the wire's were infinitely long, even a DC signal. Things get more complicated even in the AC case once we consider the fact that the line ends somewhere and the signal can come back.
Honestly, this video and the original left me dissatisfied. I realize you have a lot of critics to address, but imo the main complaints all acknowledge that there is a field that crosses the gap, because that is how antennas work. The issue is that your original video heavily implied this is the *main* way that electricity works, your title was "the big misconception about electricity". After this 24 minute video you come to the same conclusion: Electricity mostly works how people think (with some subtleties), AND if you have giant wires you also have to account for antenna effects. In the end the majority of the voltage requires traveling the wires at the speed of light to cross the resistor, but yes a non negligible amount will cross the gap.  Edit: Consider if you reran your experiment with constant wire length but moving the resistor farther from the switch. The farther you got the smaller the amplitude of that initial voltage transient would be, yet the final amplitude would be nearly constant regardless of distance (for the same length of wire).
Its really nice see a channel that I love to watch shout out other channels I also love to watch.
I think the description of the question is flowed. You should specifically include the distance of the switch to the 💡 instead of emphasis on the distance of the two wires. That would make more sense for people to understand. Yeah and I didn’t recall at the beginning it was 1 metre and I lost at 1/c.. 1m/c would have been able to let me think of it more. Just having the one there was a bit abstract. But Ooof AP did a great explanation!
1:59 vertasium saying things you don't mean... look drop it and BE CORRECT!
I was waiting for the mea culpa and it finally came.
At 4:30 When you say the electrons doesn't provide energy by repulsion and at 16:37 you say the wires are superconducting so formation of Cooper pairs with force of attraction instead of repulsion would change the energies of electrons right but does the same rule applies as repulsion?
If you were in CalTech you should have taken help of Sheldon😅
"He's onto us..." -electric eels probably
Learning about the idea of fields really changed the way I think about physics and the world. The deeper you go, the more you realize that fields aren't so much a feature of the Universe, but the very fabric that it is created from. The fact that we're most likely the manifestation of harmonic interactions between multiple fields of mysterious cosmic energy is mind blowing.. but also so abstract that my brain struggles to assign meaning to it.
I enjoy all of your videos, but especially this one. I have been doing electrical work on my house and was curious about what is happening in the wires. I, like most people, thought of electrical current like a plumber does water flow in pipes. In fact, many of the 'how to' books I bought to teach myself wiring used exactly that analogy. Moreover,  I asked several professional electricians what is happening in the wires always receiving the same 'water in pipes' model. This 'water in pipes' model for electrical current is quite useful if you are wiring up your house. However, as George Box said, in reference to statistical models, "All models are wrong, but some are useful." I appreciate you persisting to establish in the minds of those who are interested a model that is much closer to reality for electrical current!
Tries to convince us again it's not the electrons but by 8:45 has to admit it's the electrons moving through the circuit. For goodness' sake.
Great video! This one cleared everything up. I loved the 3d angled animation you showed 🤓🤤
me as a rlly stupid guy : "hmm nice argument u have there...."
Alpha Phoenix is amazing
man I've wanted a better explanation about how electricity works for so long! Thanks
Visual simulations are so important for understanding holy crap. It makes me upset that we learned foundational stuff wrong for the sake of simplicity, and build foundational ideas off of those simplifications. It neccesitates unlearning and relearning down the road, which takes skill and patience of which I have neither. Simulations provide something concrete to override those flawed pictures in your head such as electricity being something akin to water flowing through a pipe, or even electrons orbiting nuclei like planets around a star. I feel like the simulation at 13:30 here contributed more to my understanding of electricity than all of high school.
Your first video made me watch a small channel called RDS Academy by this amazing fellow called Bob DuHamel, which made a video about your conclusion further explaining it is terms of capacitance and inductance, which made a lot more sense to me. Ever since then I learned and revisited a lot of electronic and engineering topics on that channel.  Thinking about this problem as a pi model of a transmission line was a lot more intuitive for an electric engineer as me than the electric field around the wire, although it was always clear to me that the current inside the wire was due to the electric field of the circuit. This was wonderfully covered by my Electromagnetism professor at engineering school back then, although it has no practical use in most engineer's daily life. That's why thinking about it as a transmission line made so much more sense.  Glad you included this explanation in this video!
The detractors did not understand the minutiae of what it is to be an Engineer in the fields of Electrical/Power/Generation.
Alpha & Big Clive FTW!
Good on you man
1:00 someone has already did this for >1km so go away vertasium
There is still an issue with this video's bit about causality. The simulations that demonstrate that a disconnected wire responds to the field are technically true, but it *assumes the wires are close together.* If the circuit were, say, a massive circle instead of being folded in half in a line then it seems like you *would* be receiving information about the bulb faster than the speed of light.
Where I felt mislead by the original video is I thought the light bulb needed the voltage provided by the battery to turn on. IE a 12 volt battery, to power a 12 volt light bulb.   What you are suggesting instead is you have a ~2volt light bulb (or something small) and a 12 volt battery. Which is still much larger than leakage current, but no where near a direct connection to the battery.  This is just basic transmission line theory. The theory that describes a voltage inside a conductor when it runs parallel to another conductor with an electric field in it. Basically this experiment is a giant capacitor.
Now I understand why my electronic projects always fails. I didn't know that the energy of the circuits are in the fields!
When smart ppl argue i go What? What? What? that is why I trust in Veritasium and take his word on science. He is the smarter one out of bunch of smart ppl. ;)
0:45. youtuber apology video... just say you wrong and did not understand the science!!
I appreciate the seeking to understand the lost connection and validating opposite sides of what you were trying to communicate, which i heard as ‘expand your mind, try to accept things that go against what you know, ask question so both side can understand. There are two sides of the coin. You need both sides or you have no coin. Both are equal and opposing each other.
Copper bus bars aren't isolated
I love how you embrace... The goofs.
My question is what is the speed of your measuring device? Because to measure the speed of the light for things you have to do it in both directions.
Nicely done.
The fastest way to get an answer to your question from the internet is to post something that is wrong.
Didn't understand a thing but great video
Chapeau Derek, you got me back on your Channel :)
I enjoyed both videos but you have to admit that thought experiments are nothing without factoring in the limitations of the physical world. For example, when you say wire, no-one's first thought is an inch thick copper pipe that is not covered in insulation.
VERY WELL DONE! this is by far the best video I have ever seen on this topic, and the simulation about what happens for disconnected wires proved my intuition correct! Thank you!
It's really sad that you turned from a scientific educator, to someone who pushes misleading popsci-almost-pseudoscience just to get more clicks and views. You've really turned into the complete opposite of what you used to be.
Hey can you see electrons in the visible part of the electromagnetic spectrum? Is it possible? If not then why can’t we?
science sucks, i'll stick to folk lore, wives tales and propaganda
Waw man... you are a monster.
Maybe this can explain muscle memory...🤔
I am a kid and I understood everything thank you Derek
Its good to have this come up as a topic as the electric field is clearly poorly understood in how its contributes power as a transmission line in a circuit.  I do not feel your omitting of transmission line theory was an accident, but was a bait to drive engagement which did work. I do think being transparent about it would be better.
How do electric fields in smaller circuits such as computers or the human nervous system not interfere with themselves and each other?
I think it's beautiful how you can see the right hand rule in those simulations.
Masterpiece…! and the plan was good
Veritasium is so cute and humble 😭
I still don't know what would happen in the original case, where we have a normal bulb and a battery. 😅
Hello! I wanna know how the univers will be when totaly blanked? Please except my request and make a video on it.
👏🏻
You’re awesome.
does the type of wire metal even matter in terms of speed?
What if you inserted a lightbulb on the second wire, the one which is not physically connected?  I'm assuming it too will show a small current and light up when the field reaches its location.  I would like to have seen that experimented as well.
I was wondering when Derek would respond to his critiques.
13:22 that is not my experience with switches... Switch off, no light... I was following along until this part but you're saying the light goes on with no circuit... I don't get it...
The original video was misleading. It was kind of like a magic trick. If I understand everything correctly at this point, the time for full power to get to the light bulb is the time it takes for the speed of light to travel down the entire wire and back.  I am betting that this video itself will create further complications.. I was with you until you showed a diagram having the electrons flow through the wire again. At that point I was thinking that the electrons remained within their small space and that the electricity was transferred from electron to electron.
Good set of videos (this+first+all answer videos) showing something that is un-intuitive given that we teach simplified models rather than maxwell's equations. I've been an electrical engineer for almost a decade and I got it wrong, I knew it would be a (larger than leakage) current almost immediatly but i did not think over 1m it would be enough to power a light bulb, even an LED one.   You brought up the impedance matching that you did here, all tho mostly as a note for other electrical engineers. I think it would be interesting with more videos explaining stuff like that, and how all of this is relevant in actual engineering applications. For most this thought experiement is just that, a thought experiement. But with as your setup shows it is visible over 10m, at fast enough frequencies it is very noticable over mm distances, meaning circuit engineers have to take these into account when designing high frequency circuit bords (like cpu), high frequency is essentialyl just turning stuff on/off very quickly after all. and if this is the power transfered wirelessly over 1m, just imagine how much noise any one wire on a circuit board will pick up from the hundreds of other transmissionlines just cm away.   It's a marvel that we can actually achieve the things that we do.
The funny part is that we are told about this in 12 grade of india which i currently am in and was thought this just today. So this shows indian science stream supermacy. Every thing is good except the rigidty of our syllabus.
This is still wrong because I said so
Thank You so much for enlightening my mind by making a bond between physics and chemistry!
The title of this very nice video should be "Debunking my Debunkers about electricity Circuit I made", I bet it would attract more people.
Sure, this is a way better video than the previous one. As a engineering student transmission line is more comprehensible for me tho.
No by making a mistake.  You deepened the knowledge.
Have to ask this to my teacher tomorrow🤣
I think there wouldn't have been a discussion had you stright up said  "A very tiny amount of energy makes it over in 1/c via induction, regardless of wether the wires are even connected. It still takes a speed-of-light delay for the vast majority of the energy to make it to the lamp via fields propagating along the wire." Yeah, you could light up a small LED with the power delivered via induction in your experiment. Correct me if I am wrong, but if you had used an actual small LED, wouldn't it have been destroyed or at least been vastly oversupplied when the fields along the wire reach it and dump the full energy into it? Following your logic you would say turning on one lightbulb in your house turns on every other lightbulb as well, because the fields from the wire supplying the one bulb would induce a small current in all wires in the house. Which happens of course, but it's miniscule. You say the car battery and the lamp were just an example, but then you should have asked after which time "any" energy reaches the bulb AND when it will actually turn on. Less catchy, but more to your point and less confusing when it comes to the actual explaination IMO.
When Derek explains all this to Ben. “Electricity my dear watson”
Socrates was right xD
Did You Just Measure The One Way Speed Of Light ? 🤔
This was a very needed and honestly great complement to the original video. It helped me to better understand what you tried to tell us originally and now I feel like I finally understand how exactly circuits work.
Magnetificent.
this still feels incorrected. I've seen in my city that when power out happens, households lose power one by one not all at once. That means electricity do not travel at light speed
Great video.  Don't understand why you had to build the actual experiment up so high off the ground though...  Is physics supposed to work better on ladders?
I love the YouTube educational scientific community. These respectful, sincere response video sagas result in emergent peer review.
The first video was amazing in that it created this philosophical and physical conversation. Haven’t seen this happen in a while.
Let's see that cocky Arab guy disprove this lol
As always, this channel never ceases to amaze me. The amount of detail and great animation Derek puts in his videos is incredible. Hands down one of the best channels on YouTube.
I want to give one more like
Is the surface charge gradient the reason my physics teacher told me that electricity only travels on the outside of wires?
These fields matter a lot for telecommunications wires. Ethernet CAT cable has twitsted wire pairs to reduce electrical and magnetic interference and have specific twisting to prevent crosstalk between wire pairs. This has everything to do with how the actual fields operate.
Gosh, I think I understood it, which means I have been wrong about electric circuit all of my educated life.  Thank you.
This is a fundamentally dishonest man. He regularly intentionally misrepresents his intentions in order to stimulate feedback in the comment section and in order to get people talking about his videos. Sure, it's great for business, but it is dishonest and unethical. This is my opinion after watching most of his videos for several years. He has excellent production value and presentation skills on interesting topics, but he is a troll.
Now apply this to the entire planet Earth. Then you realise you have to input the Sun an all other stellar bodies, classic gases and plasma into the system. Then stars around it, galaxies and galactic superclusters. Everything is connected electrically and tremendous amounts of energy flows every second through stars and plasma filaments. *wink wink to the Electric Universe.
Veritasium baits yt scientiffic community, part 87
If only school was this awesome.
I still think that saying "energy comes from fields" is yet another misconception. We still need a power source which delivers charged particles, moving charged particles cause field disturbance and field disturbance cause pushing charged particles and so one - from this point of view we can't tell which part is more important we need particles to interact with field and field to fill gap required to answer why particles interact between each other. It's more like philosophy debate about egg and chicken problem rather than pure science.
now we can get to the next poll question
The easy way to understand this is the transmission line model you show at 16:50.  Charging the transmission line caps is why you can't tell if the end is open or shorted until the filed reaches the end.    One correction, the field runs down the transmission line at less than the speed of light, referred to as velocity factor.  The end cap won't start to charge until the caps before it has started to charge, which is slower than the speed of light.  If you put the bulb at the end, turn on will be delayed until all the caps in the transmission line are charged.
Now, the REAL interesting questions:  What are electric field and magnetic field made of? How do they propagate in space/time ?  What medium is required for their existence and propagation?
You should do a video on refrigerants because AC is super cool
damn wtf i stopped watching him for 3 years and he already has grey hair
In simple words, it same as wireless charging technologies (gadgets) works. Irrespective of wire connection.
You make a claim that if you opened one end (or both ends) you would still get that initial transmission. I wish you had run that while you had the experiment and equipment set up and showed physical real world version of the 'other wire'.
Ya that's why we feel electric shock. If electrons flow in the wire we should not feel shock because they are inside the wire. I think so.
oh, I was assuming that people know that electromagnetic waves makes electric flow.  Let's make an addendum video on how a transformer works and how a secondary circuit without any battery could light up a bulb ( assuming we used 1:1 ratio ), because all this is just like a transformer, except it pulsed once before direct current supply the energy.
Amazing video, it's nice when videos go into the dept about the topic
Oh no Derek 16:26 Superconducting wires - cannot be induced with electricity.
What I find most intriguing is that the first video, that made what I believed to be an incorrect assumption gave much better insight about how electricity actually functions. It was a glimpse into how true understanding is achieved. We watched the first video, a hypothesis if you will. Then, collectively, set out to disprove it with models and experiments. In the end we saw that despite some caveats, Veritasium was indeed partially correct.   It gave me a far broader insight into how Electricity is actually a wave. I've known this for a while, but it was always a side note. It's bizarre to think that the most commonly used models that we teach are often so far from reality.  I was think last night about the whole cutting a rope thing. How due to planks length it would always be a rational separation, then realised how absurd that was. At those scales matter is no longer geometry but waves, a quantum field. At the atomic scale you aren't "cutting the rope" and at the quantum scale I have no idea what happens. But it would be about as irrational as numbers get, what with all the waves. In reality a rational integer never occurs, one apple is a concept to better help use quantify our world. Of course this is all in my limited understanding of physics.
You educated us electrical engineers against our will by forcing us to analyze why we were so frustrated at the video. Kudos!
Things like this are what make the internet a great place :)
@veritasium what rick hartley video is that?
a fantastic exploration, both in its focus, but also in teaching a structured approach to analysis. Great job.
I didn't get it
Capacitors
Honestly, I thought the original video was fine. Educators always have to balance simplifying things so they're understandable with being strictly correct. This follow up was more accurate, but (in my opinion) less understandable. That doesn't make it worse, it's just the realities of the trade off. People also have this bizarre misconception that a 20 minute video on YouTube designed for the layman is going to somehow cover a graduate degree's worth of knowledge.
Not doubting you, but it would be cool to see the LED light up without the circuit connected on the far end.
This also helps describe why resistors that are much further away from sources would take longer than something immediately near a source. I understand sometimes the distance is negligible, but some things could be noticeable to the eye or machinery in a significant enough way
The video from Alpha Phoenix after the initial video was awesome. He just set up the experiment and proved it. It was so cool how much discussion and arguing :-) that Ve’s video created. If that’s not the biggest part of science I don’t know what is!!
Way better to intuitively understand than the first video. Thanks.
I don’t believe this would work with superconductors. I don’t believe superconductors wouldn’t generate enough of a magnetic field to induce voltage across that gap. The intensity of the magnetic field is proportional to the resistance in the conductor.
At 13:20: What I had understood was that the reason for the light bulb to turn on was that the charges were "set up" on the wire "almost instantly" (sic) when the battery was introduced on the system. But if the wire is broken, then the charges wouldn't be introduced in the system. THE THING IS that this still doesn't break causality. The systems takes a while to be set up (he said himself, it's limited "by the speed of light"), and If the system is set up and you break the wire somewhere on the circuit, it will take the same amount of time that it took to set up the system for this "information" to reach the light bulb and possibly turn it off. Again, limited by the speed of light. So, basically, no instant communication folks.  TL;DR: That claim at 13:20 is false if the system was initially set up this way - with the wire broken.
U da best Derek
Mind blown! 🤯
24:04 i actually learned kinematics this way but not from brilliant, but from Unacademy
I'm sorry to say that I lost a lot of respect for Derick as a result of the original video.  This video proves that he intentionally misled the viewers.  The bulb will only see a fraction of the current it would otherwise see if the  circuit was completed and allowed to reach equilibrium.  He should have stated this in the original video.  I learned what he revealed in this video 4 months ago by watching a response from Alpha Phoenix which I highly recommend.  Derick, you have NOT lost me as a subscriber, and I intend to continue to watch each and every one of your videos, however, I humbly request that you avoid such misleading content in the future.  Not everyone is going to wait 4 months for a follow up video.
Now I understand Tesla a little more and if we make a motor that can pick up electricity just by being near something we won't need to have pumpstations for electric cars and maybe blimps could use the electricity on its outside when it stops , not an electrician bt you may know what I mean ?
I think the first video the issue is the wording was too click-baity and didn't properly convey what was happening.  It's like when people say that you can never touch anything.  While technically on a small scale correct, no one realistically would consider the word touch that.  Also, doesn't using a metal tube that thick create more and receive magnetism better?  So your 5v and your amperage reading would be even more artificially high?
Congratulations this is humanity next step
Well, looking at the oscilloscope, the voltage at 1/c (3 ns not 30 ns) after the switch is closed is miniscule. I'm all for the explanations, but the proof is still kinda iffy
It’s unbelievable that this content is free . The best of the Internet .
Great revisit.
Great video! Love the process, mistakes and outcome!
I love that through videos, now, is the way to create this kind of scientific debate. Because it brings the science to people like me (I am not a scientist, I am actually an Architect).   Thanks to Derek, the critics and the supporters, because without this debate we will not have the opportunity to watch this kind of videos! (Sorry my english, it is not my first language)
I'm unaware of P from Physics....yet I'm watching this video.... But I know I'm not alone 🤣
Why not just admit you were wrong instead of saying "that's not what I meant"... Your question of how long it will take to get light into the lightbulb was implying that that's how long it takes for the full electric current to get there, not some minor residual effect that happens long before the main current does... you never said anything about that in the original video.... you were wrong. Plain and simple. There is still some merit to what you said in your original video, but it would be a lot better to highlight that if you just admitted that you were wrong
Great video.
Very inspiring video. 👏  Simplified models give us efficient ways to describe natural phenomena and build  up engineering solutions based on them. Sometimes the simplified models are too  beautiful that we may see them as the truth and refuse to view things in other perspectives. Thank you for showing me the rabbit holes of scientific knowledge.
What I'm wondering, is how does this work when the switch is at one side of the Earth, and the lightbulb at the other? I'd assume the fields don't go across to the bulb like they do in this video.
So.... ElectroBOOM point still stands. The light doesn't fully turn on till the current gets to the bulb, Veritasium changing the goal post is very deceptive.
Oh, the pitfalls of being a youtube leader, and having 11.8M subscribers :-)   You are more heavily scrutinized :-)
Love it all! 🥰
I strongly recommend the Science Asylum videos about it, it made everything clicked for me and it was mind-blowing at the time. It really helps to understand better what Derek showed in this and the previous video. The crazy thing for was understanding that the energy to power something doesn't flow like water through the cables but it comes from around the circuit... Amazing really.
7:09 The time of establishment of charges , is it less than 1/c also??
Well this is still pretty defensive and somewhat misleading still. While it may be true that tiny induced current happens in the adjacent wire (regardless of whether it is connected). The actual power to properly light the bulb in the load doesn't happen until the current travels through the all along the wire. Ok so you might need to be aware of fields in unshielded wires inducing current in other wires. But the point is, that the suggestion in the original video was, that *only* the fields carry the energy from 'the ether' to the load and NOT in the wires. And also in that video it was said that thinking of current flowing like water in a pipe or a chain being pulled or electrons being pushed like balls in a tube was stated as being 'wrong'. Whereas back in the everyday real world, clearly the wires are essential for the vast majority of the energy to get to the load and light the bulb properly. Caused by those electric fields propagating *along* the wires. So that videos hypothesis was totally flawed. Which is fine. Just say it. That is the scientific method after all.  For the bulb to fully light requires that the electric field propagates along the wires. This is why we have wires in our homes.  Oh sure you can transfer electricity without wires in a transformer. Over short distances. With many turns if wire. With a lovely iron core to help the fields do that. But no-one is suggesting wireless transmission of power over greater distances (or even at 1m distance) is in any way efficient. If it was we wouldn't have national grids of electrical wires.
I would like to evaluate the saga of this and the previous video, as well as all the ensuing responses and reactions as SHITS FIRE YO. This is what for Youtube was created for. Thank you.
The same as an exhaust pipe. You release an explosion in one end and un the other you hear it in the time the sound travels through air. But you feel the energy when the gases reach your ear
As usual,  great video! :)
@AlphaPhoenix is great 😊
My brain hurts
This is a perfect example of why it's important to make mistakes.  You can often learn more in an error than if everything works... especially if it works differently than you might expect.
Take away lesson... everything is a transmission line. The end.
You’re going to make the internet explode one of these days.
Love all of this! First video, the responses and how this. Very wholesome
In that case I still don't understand why an unwired LED doesn't light up when I hold it between my ceiling lamp and its switch.
🔥🔥🔥
I was sure you read matter & interactions from the last video haha good job !
good
This is the reason we love you so much
At this point I just want to see some YouTube physicists/electrical engineer boxing matches 🥊
SUBTITLES PLEASE
What about the wires for the scope probes? 🤔
I love you, derek!
I understood immedaitely what you were explaining in the first video, but thank you for going the extra mile and giving the detail that you gave in this addendum.
Where’s the mic drop
still garbage. the wave has nothing to do with the circuit. you even mentioned that the circuit is completely useless to the experiment.
Wow, honestly I thought electricity just magically made things work
I have never been impressed by any other video on internet. This is so complete explanation. I am impressed, super impressed
Define a “Field”?
Quality YouTube videos like this will stand the test of time.
Im sorry I got lost at "I made a video about a gigantic circuit" I'm just a random guy I dont even know why I'm here but great video and explanation I just wish I could understand what was going on lol kudos 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯 stay curious
I think you're right in the first video, but i still dont understand why you didnt bring up the fact that the initial current is way smaller than the current you would get after a light second
You have no idea what is electricity actually antimatter and graviton is actually transformed electron. Why so much miscommunication in every language???
13:52 is that how transformator works? I'm not a electrical student or anything just wondering how not connected wired can still conduct electricity
The beginning half of this video is super patronizing. Especially to those that followed alpha phoenix's stuff; it's not that we didn't believe the model. It's that the total energy is insufficient for most light bulbs.   This was a pretty frustrating watch because we didn't doubt the science, and yet Derek assumed we did. In the end he literally added nothing to the conversation other than to satr his own ego.
I think most people just thought the initial current would be negligible. We’re always taught in our electrical engineering classes that the field dissipates too quickly for there to be an effect. Seeing your experiment was great.
This actually doesnt work, because of other conductors that are not connected to the the system but are inside the system should now experience an electric field and the electrons should be moving.  Lets use this model and place a parallel conductor inside (just a loop) and a light bulb, but no battery if this is how it works that lightbulb should turn on, but it doesnt. The electrons are free to flow inside the wire so they should do so but for some reason they dont.
Respect. Great job 👍
Aha! I knew he had something big in his mind. And thanks to his mis-explanation, we get an outstanding video and a proper concept.  Sometime doing wrong can lead to the perfect. ❤️🔥
Can you show the same experiment witht the oscilloscope,  but with the circuit open at the far end? Will we wee the same small amount of the current, and then it dies after all the "virtual capacitors" are charged?
i used to love veritasium but now he has grey hair
they killed tesla for this knowledge
Sneaky tactics, work great! Thank you so much...
This is kind of like the time Veritasium showed a wind-propelled vehicle that was moving faster than the wind.  A lot of people showed up to describe why it's wrong and Derek made a video to explain why it wasn't. Great stuff. Gotta say, I was with ElectroBoom (who could resist the authority of those magnificent eyebrows?), but it seems that Veritasium was right after all.
I don’t care what y’all say but we know the light in y’all’s fancy box of trickery comes from Jesus Christ our Lord, Amen! Bravo 👏 explanation!
Who wants ''FULL BRIDGE RECTIFIER'' guy here
I loved the visual explanation, Derek 💯  So glad that my degree in electronics is useful to completely understand the videos XD  Great to see all the community coming together.❤️
This video let me know that I was right in choosing the physics department, physics is so interesting, although I don't fully understand the content of the video
How can online games react so fast even when you're playing someone in a far away county?
This video is a real life version of that meme that says to get the real answer fast on the internet, spew the wrong answer and someone will "correct" you.
13:22 the bottom bulb will never light if the circuit is not complete. 😱 Or then, if you're saying that the field is strong enough to light the bulb only by induction, then the switch is useless... 💁🏻‍♂️ Anyway, congrats on making a 2nd video on this. :)
What a great graphics!
Crazy coincidence that the original video was recommended to me earlier today (6hrs before this video was uploaded)
"we need to clear some misconceptions is saw" oh he wants to fight fight hahahaha
The point of the thought experiment was....... to get views.
I love this, collaborations to get a correct answer
This was a greatly detailed video and I think we are pretty much on the same page! Thanks for the shoutout and going through the trouble of clarification. P.S. by the way, the resistor in your experiment didn't quite match the lien impedance, other you would get half your supply voltage right away. But I mean with such small capacitance and inductances, the probing itself could d have added some parasitic components to the lines. PPS: Like I said above "pretty much on the same page"! It is a complex subject, and I think some nuances could have been addressed better. Maybe Derek and I could sit together and react to nuances to clarify things!
What is the electric field particle? Is it photons?
As a student studying Electrical Engineering, your first video, the subsequent response videos, and this video have been an absolute joy to watch. I'm glad that you went this in depth with how electricity flows, and that more people will have a greater understanding of the phenomenon that powers the modern world.
Amazing response to a whole lot of difficult criticism :) and also a very interesting video.
I can't believe I was lied to for so long in highschool! My science teacher was shite after all!
So ultimately the circuit you use is a wireless inductive power source rather than the wires, making for the 1/c timing. Put a shield in between the wires and it will take the time for the charge to propagate out to 1/2 light second and back.
Excellent explanation Derek and a thoroughly interesting video. Keep up the good work. Cheers
I can't wait for Electroboom's response video so we can see the transmission line catch fire and explode.
19:50 Instructions on how to screw in a lightbulb... 😂😂😂
Dear creaters, please add timestamps on learning videos.It's just really helpful.
but still .    .+Pole ------\------------------------------- - 1 lightsecond- -------------------------------------------- 💡-- -Pole  (line is onedimensional) 1 sec after switch turned the bulb goes on. right?  And the wave aswell as the full current hit the bulb at the same time right?
I knew that the original video was going to be famous the 1/c second i saw it...
Thanks for being so brave to apologise,, and for being honest
.
This video reminded me of my physics teacher who claimed that current flows through the surface charge carriers, I was very naive back then and I thought he meant that drift electrons flow only through the surface of the metal and not across the cross-section. I did some calculations and concluded he might be wrong, we never got the chance to discuss it further. Now I understand it wasn't the drift electrons he was talking about, he meant the surface charge carriers make the electric field which transfers energy. This taught me the lesson to never underestimate your physics teachers. XD  Still after all this I still have a doubt if we are having only one small peak before the current reaches the max value, and Derek mentioned that this is how wireless charging works, then my question is isn't this the principal of magnetic induction and induction is what causes the smaller peak?
So I guess the concept isn't new, it's just sort of forgotten. I know I wasn't really taught this in school per se, but in doing experiments with a wire and battery, you see directly that there is a current induced into the wire which produces a magnetic field. Just hold a compass next to a wire and you'll see it. Good work.
Glad he answered a core question first. How does the light bulb work? We have to branch each subsequent reasoning from that.
Getting a guy who works at LIGO to contribute in such a nice and humble way in this experiment is exactly what science is. You make and nurture science every day Derek. Must thank you for that. Cheers from Brazil. <3
Existential crisis averted
It´s funny that nobody seems to know this about wires xD Learned that in 11th grade. Electrical engeneering in high school...  And it´s just the basic concept of how our electrical grid works. Every transformator has a wire decoupling xD  Oh and did some of you think about how grounding does work? ;)  Or Radio Signals? xD   Oh and most important: lightning would not exist if the electrons carried the energy.    At the same time capacity is the problem at high speed transmissions. That´s why Cat6 Wires are shielded af. That´s why copper is limited in digital data transmission.  Nice Video Derek. Keep on going.
Tesla had this figured out a long time ago
You lost me in the first 5 minutes but I still enjoyed watching.
You should’ve just let it go.
excellent thought experiment! I know it's been many decades since my EE education, but it seems we covered this by studying the Skin Effect??? Anyway, loved all the responses...right or wrong :)
I'm glad Bohr and Heisenberg are not around to watch this.  They would have both blown a gasket 3 minutes into the video.
I've always had to think about the fields in electrical wires for IT work. If you place your network cables too close to poorly shielded electrical cables (or near fluorescent lighting in particular) the resulting induced noise can impede the network signal to the point of causing slow downs and even complete disconnection. Newer cabling standards are less susceptible to this, but it's still worth routing network cables separate of power wherever possible.
"ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES ONLY" :P
Excellent follow-up Derek, and excellent response videos everyone!
If the system works like sheep herding, why are batteries and other capacitors only one way? If we turned the battery the other way, switching the positive and negative ends, would it change the outcome? If so, why?
My major problem with this whole thing: You got roughly 4 volts from the field transmission, and then 20 volts from the current when it wrapped around the rest of the wire. Can you really say you turned something on when you are only sending it 20% of the regular acting power?
All the drama was because the questions and statements were presented in a misleading way to make a more surprising result for the video.
Never doubt veritasium. But also doubt veritasium
Elextroboom laughing at the Corner 😂😂😂😂
we forgive you
The "aha!" moment for me was the cascading path through the capacitance across the lines. Seeing it as a string of capacitors suddenly made the concept click, so thanks for the follow up!
You truly are an amazing educator. Thank you so much.
The point of the entire video is to say: "In the original video I meant an LED bulb on the dark so people claiming a regular bulb would not turn on are wrong".
Genious! You do it again! Love from India!
Thanks for making this vid! I have always wanted this.
Right. And if you'd explained it like this in the first place, there wouldn't have been any confusion. And a lot less views.
oh no, not again!!
The pattern of the electric field of a circuit is what I have been looking for for months in this semester of my year one college. Thank you Veritasium for helping me that. I sincerely appreciate your work. :)
Every question comes with many premises and caveats.
all these videos were very interesting to me and great you've helped me and so many other people understand why it happens like it does. suddenly like a light bulb, i got it!
I'm still waiting for someone to create significant electric power from the earth's magnetic field using tesla coils.
Are you saying the bulb is lighting thru induction
The first explanation was great. The problem is that most of electronic people, especially in youtube, doesn't understand well electromagnetism. Electroboom is a good example, he makes outstanding videos about electronics, but when it comes to electromagnetism, there is a lot of mistakes. You can't improvised electromagnetism. You must learn its a long process.
Talking around the point like a politician. Still though i like your stuff.
I was hoping to see two variables of the experiment, i.e. the length of the circuit (which should not change the experimental result) and the switch-bulb distance (which should impact the time delay as well as the current amplitude of the experimental result). It is an amazing explanation anyway. 👍
Me watching this after failing physics and not knowing wtf he’s saying like: 🤔🤔🤔
Can you do a followup related to what Rick Hartley was talking about? What safety and design ramifications does this have when dealing with high voltage?
Great to see AlphaPhoenix getting some love
I think I’ve been left confused more than before
This is an excellent follow-up! I think the main issue with the original video was that it (unintentionally) implied there are only two possible states (on/off) and steady state is reached as soon as the bulb is "on". If the viewer makes those assumptions, it leads to all kinds of problems. I think there would have been far less confusion if the original had shown a voltage over time graph for the bulb (or at least discussed the transient effects). However, you have done a great job of clearing things up here. Great work!
Pretty sure you don't have it correct.  What would happen if you dissipated all the charge by removing the battery from the circuit and then reconnected with a perfect double pole switch (one switch to each side of the battery).  How long would it then take for the lightbulb to light?
Electrons snail slow, signal light speed fast almost like newton's cradle
Not your fault.      Science!
Thank you for the links. It is hard to find anything on YouTube.
This was an interesting dive into epistemology and psychology much more than physics or electrical engineering. The many people who cried out 'error!' in their attempts of consolidation between Veritasiums claims and their own understanding is indicative of how hard it is to recontextulize indormation. Clearly the error was not i  argument, but in description Or in the reading of said description.  And in psychology, were the inexact details of the description and the possible misleading of the audience by this inexactness distracted from the main lesson.  While the many authors of these responses know how the youtubr algorithms work in terms of creating bold counterpoints is preferred from a visibility  standpoint, it gave them the air of arguing about trees rather than the forrest.  In all, excellent example of the difficulties of transmitting ideas and concepts.   Maybe we need a idea field to do the work for us?
I am one of the viewers who leave a criticise on previous video, but now I really respect Vertasium for the detailed follow up, and that why I didn’t unfollow the channel even though I though the previous video is little bit misleading.
Lol electro boom is first
Honestly the original video really, really confused me. I felt like I didn't learn anything coming out of it. But now I get what you're actually talking about.
Your videos are always welcome, and follow-on videos are sometimes actually the best!
Objection, heresay
What a great question this has been in first place!
Great stuff.
Good job!
It's magic there I saved everyone half an hour.
bro, the second video is a better explanations by far, but the first was NOT a mistake.
Is this why you can stick florescent light bulbs in thr ground under high voltage power lines and they light up?
could you generate a tiny bit of electricity by whacking the copper wire of the circuit with a hammer?
The second war of currents 🤔
Great graphics. My son & I are big fans of your videos we always learn something
Thanks Derek. The best part of the two videos is when it leads to a discussion between several people.  Greetings from Colombia (Y)
The causality can only be harmed if everything around us is created only from energy, as Einstein believes. But this idealistic philosophy is wrong, so do not be afraid the c is only the speed of light in a medium with a positive refractory index. Now if we have a medium with a negative refractory index like in a gas plasma then the c isn't the limit even for the light.
13:30 I'm really happy that you brought this up. If this wasn't true, then wireless charging would not exist. Yet it does exist.
Why do we only see a small amount right away and the overshoot way later and not the full potential right away?
Good clarifications. After seeing other responses I commented in the original that the original setup was misleading but the conclusions accurate. That's affirmed here. The key thing is that the lightbulb lights up *a little* right away but not fully, and that his demo lightbulb from the original video probably would not light at all until the current went around the wires. With a realistic portrayal of a special LED bulb and the mention that the bulb only lights a little at first I think everything is now clear. Thanks Derek!
The animation at 10:05 looks wrong. Electrons in main path should slow down to 2/3 speed when passing though the fork, but the speed looks unchanged. Also the density of electrons in both path should be the same, with different speed, but the speed and density looks messed up.
I am wondering, is this why when a lightning strike hits a field full of cows alot of the cows will die and not just one?
The first part of this video convinces me that electrons are barely moving when transferring power to an external load. The subsequent parts of the video show electrons moving through the conductors from source to load. So that leaves me flummoxed. Also, Derek should have included a vacuum tube in the circuit and explained what is occurring between the cathode and the anode as the load varies.
Once again you are explaining (well) RF energy transfer, not the flow of electricity. If your loop was properly shielded (like say a trace on a motherboard or any CE certified device), no RF energy transfer would take place. I still think you are making this way more confusing than it needs to be by conflating antenna effects with electric circuit operations.
That is one of the great things of the internet.  Say something not quite right or wrong, and you'll have someone correcting you with the 'right' or 'correct' information.  The hard part is recognizing that information in the sea of it all (misinformation and misinterpretation) and being ready to accept that new information and accept possibly being wrong.
I like to pretend like I understand this as I watch
I'm delighted to see a follow-up on this. The last one had me really scratching my head
I really hope faster than light communication is possible, this could be the crack the opens the door?  even if we cant send matter,we could send information? so in theory could send solar sail probes that get to other star systems in our lifetime that could send data back faster then light. Which would mean you could also put a camera on one of these probes and they could send data back all the time faster then light you could have a live 4k feed of the your probe heading to alpha centaury at near speed of light.
I am glad you finally got the oscilloscope out to see just what is happening over the time scale of one second. But it seems to me that you have now defined that if a wire is not run parallel, and especially if a wire is shielded, then it should take the full one second before the lightbulb can turn on. Anyone out there willing to run a simulation or actual test of that?  As for the gentleman talking about running traces on a circuit board and causing cross talk, I can certainly verify that because the company I worked for at first used wires sometimes running parallel for 18 inches, and we had a lot of problems with cross talk.
..................................................................yawn .. do a video on why we yawn nobody knows, they think its a primitive way we cool our brains when they are overheating, which may be what's happening here,  Don't get me wrong love your videos keep it up
Please make video on real overunity devices.
Soooooooooo, this is why when I unplug the power supply to my laptop from the laptop and then the wall, the LED in the PSU remains on for a while...
Excellent presentation! Great in-depth explanation addressing all of the key points/criticisms while keeping it concise and easy to digest. Thanks for the shoutout, what a treat!
Mistake #2: Induced voltage is not equal to conducted voltage. There is at least an order of magnitude between the two. Nice follow-up video, still wrong.
I have the Super Power ⚡ of Switching Off light 💡and getting inside the Blanket🏃‍♀️🏃🏿‍♂️ before my room is dark 🌑 🌑 ☠️
You did a great job explaining in the first video. I liked how you weren't afraid to be a bit sassy in this video as well. Anyone who understands the material knew the point you were trying to get across in the first video, and knew you are absolutely correct. I loved the simulations of Maxwell's equations!
So glad you did a follow up!
I was told like 20 years ago, the energy was in the fields... looks like I mostly understood, now I fully understand.. look at me learning on youtubes...
Pushing that switch have for sure sparked quite a bit of discussion, curiosity, experimentation (and views) so I think it was quite a success.
Whole vague question batman, he toke criticism in a constructive way and left no arguments unaddressed. I guess none will have any problems with this video now.
Good video and I think you could have underlined the fact that science works this way in general – some research results are incorrect or incomplete and other researchers will comment about those details and then additional research is done to measure if the difference is important.  Another thing that would have been worth explaining more is the situation where the circuit is not complete. The power is delivered over the gap in 1 m/c but the power will drop back to zero after some time (depending on the impedance and capacitance of the whole circuit combined with the resistance of the load).
How I am imagining this is the electrons are balls in newtons pendulum. One electron may start the connection with the others, which barely move more than normal, but can push that force through to where the energy was meant to be released. The energy then goes back into the circuit, relatively equal but opposite. Can someone help me understand with this analogy I’m trying to make if it can be right
Why is it so high up, so it closer to the floor!
That was a fantastic visualization and discussion of Maxwell's equations!
Why can't you admit that humans don't know how something works.
I feel like hald the issue was you not explaining the parameters of the thought experiment properly
You said "1/c seconds".  That is not totally wrong, because 1/c is then a number. However, it is only correct in the SI -SYSTEM. If you say 1m/c, you must not add "seconds" because the fraction is a value of the dimension time, regardless of the units used.
This and the electron video from the double slit experiment are phenomenal, I share them with others when its relevant.
I was shocked to see how many people got it wrong, thou i knew he was right, how?  coincidentally this same exact phenomena is given in our class 10 phy book, though it's not explained fully afterall it's just class 10.   If you want to see just search "class 10 electricity ncert pdf" turn to page 3 And read the box (it's our textbook)
I feel like the non-confusing, most straightforward way for him to have stated his message, way at the beginning, is that induction disproves the idea that electrons are the way that electricity flows.
First off OUTSTANDING JOB as usual and please keep it coming. Secondly, was this not what Nicola Tesla was desperately trying to get everyone to understand or am I missing something?
*magic
EEVblog was on the case!
Twenty years in electrical industry, it is still a struggle to really understand. Field are not the tidy marbles in a tube that we would like electricity to be but they are what allows us to do what we do with electricity.
My take from both videos is the same. Firstly, I don't understand this electrickery stuff. Secondly, electric hurts and big electric hurts lots. Thirdly, both videos made me think - not understand but think and I reckon that is one of the main aims of the videos.
My electricity comes out of the wall socket...
I don't get it, why is this such a contested idea? I know it seems counterintuitive but you would think that some of those people from the beginning of the video would have a good grasp of the basics. Is this a good sign for anyone trying to learn more about physics, since it is hard for everyone even the experts sometimes, or a bad sign because it means you might never even grasp the basics? Honest question...
I struggled all my life in my elementary school to understand and visualize how electricity works. Wish Veritasium was there when I was 10
Just wow
Nice shoutout to Alpha Phoenix. His video really is great
I have Master's degree in EE and this video just rocked my world! Life altering stuff!
Derek is great for showing the world about truth behind electricity. I even watched his first video and was convinced a bit but after watching other critics , i got a bit confused but now that confusion got cleared.
21:19 wow another fail. it is both.  it is  "electron" and "magnetic", can't exist without the other.
Ngl, I watched this whole video and didn’t understand a single thing
Whenever people argue about this stuff, and believe me it's important to be correct, I'm reminded of a saying.  All abstractions are wrong, some are useful.   So don't feel bad if you were only taught a useful abstraction. Not all of us can be physicists. Some of us just need to get work done.
Thanks for acknowledging and fixing the units in the answer :)  The kelvin mega (KM) in the graphic still bothers me though.
honestly, to me, this explains so much about how electro-magnets work
I knew Derek will respond because so big electrical youtubers were talking about it. Anyway, Derek accepted and that's why we love this good person.
That would only respect and olipitical orbital path what I'm you hab the light in a large loop the same size? I would predict that the light build will have a longer delay
Great video, BUT it *still* doesn't emphasize properly that only a fraction of the energy is carried in that field that crosses the 1m gap. The vast majority of the energy will be channeled along the wire since the metal wire does a great job at channeling the field. Those induced voltages and currents across the air are small in comparison to what comes down the wire. I've seen a lot of questions here where people are confused about this point. Edit: Also note that he uses non insulated really beefy “wire” (really a massive copper rod) for his demo. If he had used ordinary household electrical wire, the insulation would have attenuated the field so much that he would have seen very little induced current.
wow
Thanks for the follow up. I really didn't agree to a lot of what was said in the first video and I'm with you for the most part now. What I'm still missing, though, is an emphasis on the difference between transient and steady-state conditions. What would the scope show _after_ 1m/c if the circuit were actually not closed at one of the far ends of the loop? In electronics PCB design electric fields make a huge difference because of all the transients going on. We still call it "cross talk". Think about the history of that very term! Thanks Jan
This can be tested very easily by using wires with very good electromagnetic shielding that tightly hugs the wires. This really just explains EM interference and talks like it's the real power in electricity. Also, his experiment has no control since he did not use EM shielding in a separate test to show a contradictory result. Compare it to something.
This made me unsub. F off with these misleading premises for mildly convincing outcomes. F off with technicalities. This was like those shïtty math problems in school to calculate lengths and angles where the provided diagram wasn't to scale.  Though experiments aren't supposed to be deceiving by design because then, the thought part is irrelevant. How can one find a solution to a problem with incomplete hypothesis given the correct answer was already provided in a way to omit measurement units. I was taught in school to always write results with all involved units attached and having that 1m in the answer would've hinted to a field across the 1m gap. Instead we were mislead to think of 1/300 millions.  Providing an unfairly described problem means you don't want to get the correct answers from the beginning. Come on, Derek, you're better than that
This explained a question I had, if you made a maze with electric tape going every way and only the end leads to grounding, how would the electrons predict which way to go? The answer is, the electrons don’t, an electric field can only form if there is a circuit so when it forms it forms along the circuit and the electrons get pushed by it.
Electric is the Worlds Blood. Not oil. Oil IS the Fecal Waste of Mother Earth. The real Question. What Oscillated? Plates? Veins? Lay lines? Sun/Moon or Water above and below the Void between??
This feels a bit like a "containing actual science" version of Mat Pat responding to criticism of his food theory video. 🧐
How fascinating is this... In the same design of circuit... If the battery and bulb are at the same level then it lights up in 1/c seconds but when there at the far ends they a lot longer...
It's all fairies and elves...
Him not going into the fact that he thought of the first video as a thought experiment and had it presented as some mind blowing thing about electricity is the cause of all the problems. I'm glad he owned up to that, I hope he makes adjustments to how he presents in future videos to not be as shock and awe click bait as the first video was.
So. What's energy?
Thank you for making a follow up video. I, too, misunderstood some things you claimed in the original, however, now I have learned a lot and understand, how these things behave. Thanks.
Man, if EE's didn't think they were all smarter than each other we might be able to start making useful things that make life enjoyable.
What if he actually knows what he's saying and purposely bait engineers by saying it unexplained.  lol
He said "Hold my beer" haha!
Please rename the vid I messaged my explanation far more honest
I love this, seriously, I love this time of Youtube science. This kind of, conversation, this interaction between channels not like collaborative but just spontaneous. It's engaging and great to see, specially when respect is there.
Blew my mind.  Not only did I learn about the nature of electricity, but more importantly I learned how to respond to criticism.  Derek's awe inspiring dedication to science education continues to amaze me.  How many other YouTubers would admit fault in miscommunication, engage and learn from critics, and collaboratively build an explanation video better than any before?  Not many, I think.  You are a class act, Derek.
Would love to see an illustration of how ground shielding around a wire helps. Amazing video and thank you for sharing this information
For my level of knowledge, it’s enough to know that connecting some cables to a power grid/battery will make things happen… and I better not get closer than needed to them electrons or bare wires with my fingers…
@electroboom take some lessons 😛
So it actually takes a seconds for the bulb to be at its brightest
Sorry for my ignorance.  But the lightbulb turning on at 1/c seconds based on the simulation, is assuming the reduction in the magnetic field with distance will mean at a certain distance it will be too weak to turn on the lightbulb?
quite the application of the meme: when u want to know how something works , publish the wrong answer on the internet ^^
The "well actually, sweaty-" takes were hilarious.
The original video was very successful at exposing the hubris of the EE in general.
This is great. Shows alot of credibility!! Respect here.
Question...does this have something to do with the need for heavier gauge wires for longer runs? I know a 14g will get hotter at, say, 50m than a 12g wire, but now that I "understand " this video, I'm not sure what actually causes the heat issue.
This video is just a repeat of high school physical science. I guess the high school model is still correct
Imo, It would be a lot less confusing if electrons were deemed to have a positive charge instead of negative.   I blame our positive-centric math.
In all of Physics, it's electricity that boggles me the most.
Ok, this is really good explanation.. fascinating..!
Awesome citizen science for the sake of citizens' understanding!
This community really brought me to tears, I love how doing a mistake would lead to another very informative explaination. Admiting mistake is one of criteria of a scientist and of the hardest to do, but Veritasium taught us, how we should handle mistake.. Thanks for this wonderfull science community!
The thought experiment, and what was said in it is that because of the simplified understanding of it that virtually everyone has, and how these nuances were not properly communicated, it *was* miscommunicating it as saying that the full load would transfer immediately, rather than because of the full round-trip delay.  Counteracting this miscommunication was what all the response videos were doing.
Veritasium is an element of truth, he never claimed to be necessarily the whole truth 😂
Derek just knows how to present 🔥 I think his PhD area  is proving to be amazingly important.
I'd say that our most important scientist is tho one that tells al the other scientists to let's say go jump in a lake .
Seems like betting against Derek is a bad idea.
Hahaha   hey, Rich Abbott.   I'm sending this to Ed so we can mock you.  Give me a call sometime
This must  be what writing a peer-reviewed paper feels like. Only instead of one video and a few months to make corrections, it is years of it.
I have learnt from this channel that everything, even something like riding a bike, has its complexity.
I hope 李永乐老师 would see this video as well...
Hold on. The dude that electrocuted himself constantly, disagrees with you? Come on.
since a wire in the circuit and outside circuit, placed at equal distance, behaves same way initially when the switch is turned On, does that mean if I put 1000 wire/LEDs at 1m from the switch, all would light up initially when we turn on the switch?
if the distributed power is the magnetic field then wouldn't the time lag be instantaneous?
Veritasium is usually really good, but in this case misleading. The fact is that all electric circuits consist of infinite circuits due to how electromagnetic fields behave. The phenomena shown in the experiment is basic radio transmission (combination of near and far fields), where electromagnetic fields radiate energy through the 'ether' to a receiver located at a distance away. The physical arrangement of the conductors (i.e. parallel at one meter) provides the optimal coupling geometry, without worrying about impedance matching which is used in radio telecommunications, which is frequency dependent and correlated to free space impedance. This video is similar to the first spark gap radio transmission experiments, except they are introducing a long wire which is kind of a "red herring" for the sake of explaining induced currents in parallel wires--as it confuses people that there are actually two paths for current flow. One path is through the wire and the other is through the ether.
Nice!
At this point it seems like Derek is not making mistakes so much as he is trolling people into curiosity.  General format -  Derek: Physics is WAY FRICKIN WEIRDER than you think. Here's a thing. Everyone else, immediately: There's NO WAY that's actually how it works. Some very, very smart people a few days later: He's out of line, but he's right. Derek, months later: Alright, here's the proof and I could have shown it to you this way from the start.
I uphold claim that the first video was unnecessarily confusing and misleading. You should have called it "How do antennas work" and NOONE would argue with You because in that case description would be perfect. Because that was the claim of every other response video - that You have designed an antenna..
I absolutely love these science debates you, sometimes unintentionally, promote in the youtube community. Honestly one of the best content I see around here!
So it’s a ripple  I’d love a video addressing Tesla’s claims about using the Earth as a transmitter
Didn't Alpha Phoenix do this video but better a few months ago?
I guess the thing we should celebrate most Is the response from the scientific YouTube community, whether they supported the conclusion of your thought experiment or not, it generates discussion of the subject
Truly Remarkable!!!
I watched that video and I believed him. Glad I saw the second video, but I'm still skeptical as someone who doesn't have a ton of technical knowledge
For some reason, I really hate the fact that Derek acts like he's teaching humanity the ultimate hidden truth about electricity when all he's done is ask a misleading question.
And that's also why EMP's are bad for electronic components.
My degree is in Mathematics - yet while at school, I was surrounded by engineers. These videos show the difference between the two - Engineers don't need to know why something works, they just need to know it works, while Mathematicians want to know exactly why. The fact that one of the greatest Mathematicians in history, James Maxwell, wrote down these equations a century ago, yet they are still not truly understood by engineers today, is amazing. Without Maxwell, there was no Einstein.
This helps me understand how the Meissner Effect emerges from super conductance.
Prove it.... With well insulated superconducting wires. You have the money now put it where your mouth is.
People think the analogy of water through a pipe being like current through a wire too seriously.  It's an example to wrap your head around things, but how reality really is.
I understand now why they used to burn scientists when they made no sense. I thought I understood current. But now ... I mean ... what he says makes sense I guess but ... MY BRAIN DOES NOT WANT TO ACCEPT IT !!!
This is the beast way of saying "I was right bitches" I've ever seen
What if the circuit isn't complete? Shouldn't it still turn on.
The use of the phrase "current flow(ing)" was an automatic F while getting my EE degree. I cringed hard every time he said  it. :|   That phrase literally is to say "the flow of electrons flow(ing)" which is a ridiculous statement.
It takes time for those charges to propagate through the wire.
I was skeptical after the first video but this makes sense. Before the current completes the circuit, the two leads act as antennas
Τhe E&M saga has been sucessfully concluded ⚡️
Glas you made a follow-up
Oh boy a new episode of physics phights
As an electrical engineer , I can say that it summaries all my knowledge related to EM theory.  What a beautiful masterpiece
Does he think that an electron is significantly larger than a proton?  Appear so at 6:54
that's what got Nikola Tesla killed
You could have mentioned J=σE ( Where J is current density, σ is conductivity and E is Electric Field) this is differential form of ohm's law the one which says how and why current depends on Electric Field   By the way I am in 12th standard so this was thought to us, maybe a better law could be there I don't know , and also a superb video I did learn a lot EDIT : This is a second explanation to 21:26 "The Electric Field are the actors"   And also I remember my teacher saying the J=σE is the actual ohm's law as current depends on electric field
thank you I can actually walk away understanding it this time
Mistake #1: "There are an equal number of negative electrons and positive metal ions in a given space, so their attractive/ repulsive effects cancel out." Nope. The reason that metals conduct and wood doesn't is because the metals have free valence electrons, which can freely move between adjacent atoms without being subject to the attractive forces of the positive nuclei. You're describing an insulator, not a conductor. Moving electrons create magnetic fields. Moving electrons cause an imbalanced electric field. You keep claiming it's not about the electrons, but it is.  This is the kinda guy that reads a book on diving and spends the next 15 years claiming to be a diving expert at every party, even though nobody asked. Looking forward to Mehdi's rebuttal.
I`m with you, Derek. 🙌
Thanks to you and the others for the follow-up!    This is a little over my head still, but it is good to know that our over simplified visualizations are convenient but not really accurate, simile to our visualization for the atom.  I wonder how these truths apply to the atom
So is this what it was like wayyy back when electricity was first being researched and implemented? It's quite reminiscent of different researchers trying to figure something out, and naturally disagreeing on different parts. Anywho, excellent video! learned alot.
Respect to see you made a response for the responses and brought out the big guns with the crazy simulations. All in all, the videos and responses changed how I saw electricity and hopefully made you appreciate how important finer, seemingly nit-picking, details are to the electrical engineering community. This video is 100 times more precise and I'm sure you'll be applauded for it. My opinion of electricity is now that I imagine myself the equivalent of a resistor, sitting in a mug of milky tea left to mould, with clusters of mould as electrons, and energy in the electrical field being the liquid around me moving. Then coming into contact with the mould causes me to freak out.
I wish electricity was taught this way, it's way easier to understand the simplified version once you know the complex version, it also feels better to know how it 'actually works' rather than a math equation that tells you electron flow and turn the light on somehow
Electroboom referred to leakage current because the original thought experiment needed a bulb that turns on by an arbitrary amount of current therefore leakage can turn it on. He did not state that it is only leakage as your video suggests.
I just love the fact that in these confused times, where everyone thinks they know everything, you come along and accept and embrace the criticism, and promote other opinions. Congrats, for real!
Can’t wait for Thunderfoot!!!
Try being less of a clicbait sl*t next time to avoid being so misleading.
I'm shocked! So if I get struck by lightning what is actually killing me? LoL
I love it!!!
Derek. So you're telling me, that based on our current knowledge and understanding of the physics, this is exactly the same as with the gravity? We use gravity as a force because it's much easier to use and understand and overall, on our day to day lifes, it's good enough but on the cosmic scale is not? It's same for time too then
This video is an eye-opener how electricity works...  In my electronic courses, the obligatory curriculum covers Ohm's, Coulomb's, Kirchhoff's, Thevenin's, Faraday's,  Maxwell's, etc.  Laws, theorems, and equations... but I see how that the lump models loses touch with what is really going on. PLEASE!  Take us deeper into this subject, I'm sure you edited out detailed content for clarity, but I think we're ready for the red-pill Matrix adventure: Let's see how deep the rabbit hole goes!🐇
Haha... that's great!  Like infowars but for nerds and science heads :)
Veritasium: an element of small mistakes
So we FINALLY have the answer to the question of whether the light bulb turns on after 1/c seconds, and that answer is… “sort of” 😁
I got mad at the last video because I thought it was wrong. I'm glad this video has come out.
Great Job Derek,  i never thought about electricity like this.  it makes more sense now. love your content
This is how Science works
That is just induced current and not really the steady state current in the initial moments after the switch is closed. When somebody says that a bulb is on, they usually are implying that it is on with sufficient current flowing through it. This experiment just proved that an induced current will flow through the load, which is not really what is implied by turning "on" in everyday language. Additionally, the position of the switch with respect to the load is also important at coming to the 1m/c answer, which was not sufficiently emphasised in the earlier video.
This video is correct but there is a trick, now you are balancing the line (thus obtaining the full load as the E propagates) meanwhile in the original video the line was unbalanced.
As always his animation team is the hero...
This was amazing. The explanation of energy in fields plus Rick Hartley's talk about the unintended consequences of poorly defined fields makes me wonder about the possibilities in electric field design. What can we do with this information in mind and the possibilities of disjointed parts of one circuit?. Can we magnify an electric field through this kind of manipulation? Can we direct a field to a point outside a wire though within the circuit and cause interactions with external peices? what can these interactions do?. What if we held an atom/alloy/quark/X in place and directed a field of X magnitude at it with precision?. Thinking about electric energy beyond the wires that bind it really opens up so many what ifs for me.
Now can you explain why you chose to put your experiment 8 ft in the air making it difficult to access, thus requiring ladders?
From now on, when talking about electricity, I would never think of water or marbles inside tube. Just *sheep*
The simulation of the Electromagnetic fields via Maxwell's equations was magnificent!
Thanks for the work you put in your videos! Nevertheless we remain with a similar quantic interpretation issue regarding how we teach electric circuits. Fields although good aids are not a reflection of what it's happening on a molecular level and where thia energy is coming from.
alphaphoenix did it first tho
Great video, I understood none of it.
Electrons go brrrrrr. And as always, thanks for watching!
You should also have mentioned that your experiment takes place in a medium with a dielectric constant close to 1, so essentially an uninsulated wire. A higher dielectric constant would prevent the cross communication between wires even if they are a couple of meters apart.
great video. Thank you
🙂❤️
If you had a hypothetical rod 1 lightyear long and moved it, wouldn't that be faster than light communication?
causality doesnt exist. it's a silly explanation shortcut for high school physics. everything happens simultaneously, and one cannot separate matter and forces as if one does everything in some time.
This was much better than the first video, technical fully explored with numbers. I never thought your first video was wrong but I did feel it severely lacking in nuance and detail about the reality of what you were claiming.
My University Electrodynamics professor actually had an open ended essay question about whether or not we agreed with your former video. After considering response videos and attempted experiments, I felt that your former conclusions were wrong, or at least ambiguous. I knew that some current would be transferred immediately, BUT it was unclear that you had made the assumption that any current was sufficient to consider the bulb as “on”. It seemed that your claim was that it would experience the entire voltage of the battery immediately. Although this wasn’t stated, it seemed implied, which is why I think I and many others disagreed with you, even though I knew some current would be transferred immediately!  This video was an excellent response that helped me to understand the thought experiment better from an electrodynamic perspective. I loved your modified circuit diagram with capacitors as well, as this explained the answer in a highly intuitive way for electrical engineers as well. So thanks for posting this video.
Well, I think we can consider Veritasium completely forgiven for that goof up earlier.
Already after the first video, I was wondering about an experiment able to SHOW the difference between energy propagation and particles movements. The simplest one would be as follows: drop gently some colored drops in a pool. Then throw a stone in the middle of the colored spot: the color will NOT follow the wave (the energy) but will stay at the same place just diffusing as usual. I can even imagine a periodic device generating waves, this would not change the result. The wave is your electric field, the color represents the electrons in the wire. In any case, this had been a nice and rich debate. Thank you
I knew you were working on it for some reason😆
The first video was bad, he did a bad job explaining what he was trying to convey. And considering the point of the video, that’s what makes it so bad. I hate the way electricity is taught in elementary science classes. It’s so dumbed down that it becomes useless. The water flow analogy irks me the most. But the first video did an equally poor job. This video also does a poor job. It’s a little better but still poor. The shepherd, dog, sheep thing is stupid. No one’s perfect and it’s not like every other science teacher does a better job. So the problem isn’t his fault. But these two videos and the response videos I’ve watched doesn’t fix the problem.
Still don't understand how Veritasium can upload the first video and not immediately realize how extremely misleading it was. How can you give us that trick question and conveniently forget to mention that the brunt part of the voltage is only transmitted after 1 second? Seems intentionally confusing just to provoke a reaction and go viral. Hope I'm wrong.
Re-upload?
lol this guy seems a little triggered that there are smarter people
So to sum up..."I was right IF you didn't actually want FULL battery power"
I love internet science. Like this is the exact thing that happened with scientists hundreds of years ago, just much slower because of communication technology. A bunch of people who make a claim, people dispute it, they run the experiment. Its just brilliant.
I haven't seen the original. If it was so bad than it's amazing how errors push the development after all. Thank you for amazing video. Live long and prosper!
Thanks Derek this video was very informative
What I love most about this is that this is the very principal that Nikola Tesla was using when he came up with his "wireless electrical transmission" to power the world without wires. People often forget all the great things and inventions Tesla had but would never see the light of day such as his first radio (which came before all others), but alas he shall only be known for AC power and his coil.
This is closer to truth, but still missing some important facts. At the initial transient, charges (electrons) do indeed move *primarily near the surface* (not exactly ON the surface, there is depth involved) but the steady state result is charges (electrons) moving in the entire cross section of the wire.  The fields can't exist without the moving electrons, and the electrons can't move without the fields.  The explanation using characteristic impedance is useful and appreciated. At the initial transient, there is a simple equivalent circuit with resistors representing the energy flowing down the wire pairs, forming a simple voltage divider. You correctly show that a significant amount (but not 100%) of the energy does reach the load almost instantaneously.
While the EE is cool in this, so is the psych.  Questions and thought experiments like this, esp ones intended for edutainment, depend on presenting a scenario with both explicit and implicit idealizations, and leave it to the viewer to figure out which are being used by the speaker and which are not.
I think we oftentimes forget to mention, that all these models we use to explain and predict have their distinct purpose and frame. The high resolution models (Maxwells equations) are usually closest to what happens, but also mostly too impractical for most circumstances.
This video has given me a better understanding of why computer data cables should not share the same ducting as power cables, e.g. data leakage.  I assume twisting the pairs, shielding those pairs and then shielding all 4 pairs all help to reduce the magnetic fields that are created.
Great video. I left your first video very confused as to what you were saying but this one did a great job of clarifying and explaining your point. I know a lot more about electricity after watching your video and the responses than I would have otherwise.
Derek, I think you knew exactly what you were doing with your first video. I think you provoked these responses and these discussions. I sincerely draw my hat to you. I think it great that you bring scientific discussions to the forefront.
This only leaves one question: How do they keep making computers smaller, when these electric fields may cross contaminate and mess with each other?
Yeah, I feel the original thought experiment was poorly worded. However, I find it very interesting that in the actual experimeng the current and voltage from the capacitive coupling effect was essentially constant until the signal had traveled around the circuit from the switch. It makes sense why it would be that way, and you explained that very well in this video, but that was not something I had considered. The fact that the power is being delivered by the electric field, not the electrons is interesting.   I believe that if the final question hadn't been worded in a way which suggested the question was something like "when will power roughly equal to the steady state start being delivered to the bulb", the reveal of the answer could have been interesting. No one with any knowledge of electrical engineering would have denied the capacitive coupling effect, however you might not have considered it. Then the takeaway would have been "Of course, the speed of propagation for the effect of the capacitive coupling is dependant only on the distance between the switch and the bulb." the way it was done, though, it felt more like a rug pull.
This is what makes science great. Someone says something controversial and 5 people independently do experiments to observe the results… to seek the truth. Afterwards everyone learns the truth to an even greater degree than before.  Controversy is resolved into understanding of complexity.    Compare that with politics. Controversy immediately explodes into stubborn partisan rage shitstorm in 1/c seconds.
"didn't do a good job explaining"   you were wrong, just say that
Science fights...  Other Physicists: Your last video referencing light speed was inaccurate.  Veritasium: The only thing faster than light is: these hands (metaphorically speaking)!
the impedance matching was probably pretty key to getting enough power through, but definitely is fair game! the t-line explanation seems the best to me
Despite not knowing the particulars, two antennae coupling seemed obvious. I do like to point out there are no such thing as E or B fields, as electromagnetism is one object and E or M is a relativistic alternative viewpoint humans make. All electric phenomena is magnetic and vice versa from the appropriate frame of reference. A magnet moving causing potential at slow speeds (relative to c) really hammers home how potent Lorentian effects are when it comes to electricity dense media like a metal bar. Similarly whether it's the charge or field acting as primary, since they both occur together, ascribing one as the cause and other effect is purely arbitrary to ease our human understanding.
I was just waiting for this video long time.
Brilliantly 🎉
Much better, thanks for clearing that up.... you broke my brain in your first video.  And it actually made me a better electrician for it.  So regardless if the first video wasn't clear enough, it got people talking and debating which only helps the world.  I appreciate it.
This is also the aspect that Tesla was about when he claimed there was the potential to send a signal anywhere on earth and power anything from the earth's electrical field. The only problem aspect that he didn't find a solution for (possibly only due to funding) was how to have a sufficient "off" switch/state for there to be a difference in charge from the background field. When you consider that all of our electronics worldwide are designed to basically treat the earth's electrical field as the zero/off state then you can understand how hard a task that would have been at that time and how so many couldn't or wouldn't believe him.
I'm loving it.
This is so much better then the first one! Good job! Though I've seen the videos of some of the "critics" shown and they were kind of solid too especially from engineering point of view. I was surprised however by the magnitude of the transferred amount of energy. In the older days that was not easy to measure so people(me included) assumed it would be in the area of 1/c*V0. I learned something today. Not quite sure what is it though.
I have to wait until all the detractors of the first video approve before I can give you a thumbs up. 😂
Were early electrical engineers such as Edison and Tesla aware of surface charges inducing an electrical field to carry electrons or were they also under the assumption electrons were pushing each other?
blue tape everywhere :)
I finally have the complete picture. Thanks Derek.
I don't think anyone critiquing your previous video would be surprised at the amount of power output measured in this experiment.  But you chose the setup in this experiment to just demonstrate power transfer: if for example a 1.5 volt battery were used, you would not have enough power to light a bulb making the answer from your previous video incorrect, or even if you used the 12 v battery it probably wouldn't transfer enough power for a bulb to light up.  That was the biggest criticism of your previous video, it was that your answer was only correct for certain power input setups or relied on a bulb that would light up with any amount of current applied.
when that veritasium music kicks in,
I wonder what the electric field does the free radicals floating around our bodies? That's...concerning.
I won't watch this video now as my exams are coming... I will mess up my answers and lose my chance to go into a university 😂😂  I will watch it after 3 months
I dunno what it is about scientists, but they always have the most thorough and effective clap-backs compared to any other fields.
To make mistakes is human, to admit you got it wrong takes a lot of guts.
I'm sure this is one of the best videos I've ever watched
Interesting thought process trying to describe a real process that we can not physically see.  I was thinking the process might be better (though not perfectly) exampled with a sound wave through a solid material.  Tap on the end of a mile long rod and a certain amount of time later, the result of that tap will manifest itself at the opposite end.  Obviously, no part of the actual rod made that journey.  My concern with your experiment is with the dimensions of your set up.  With the lines running so closely in parallel, I would think that there might be some magnetic spill over.  (As opposed to say runing the wires around the outside of a 1/4 mile, 400 m track.)  Another question I would ask is, if there is a different characteristic being expressed if the charge is created with a generator, i.e. by a magnetic draging the field or electrons along physically.
My kind of sequel  Love youu
Maybe the true electricity was the science we learned along the way.
The conversation sparked by the first video I think is worth having to return to it to clarify and further explain.  After all, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.  Healthy skepticism sparks further investigation and learning.  Thanks, Derek!
I agreed
Yes it's true and agreeable as an electrical i agree with you. Your last video made a lot of confusions but i guessed this is what you meant anyhow this ultimately true this is what tesla want to show to the world using his tesla coil
"Bulb goes on regardless whether circuit is complete" - what?
I'm still a bit unsure of your explanation around breaking causality here. In the thought experiment it is assumed you have an incomplete circuit going to an external wire and flipping the stlwitch you say will cause the bulb to light up. But in your example you show a complete circuit. My issue is with the closing of the switch in an incomplete circuit causing an E&M field to be created in the first place.   You predicate the whole experiment with the notion that the wire loop is an effective conductor and sets up the charge distribution but at what point of wire loss do you have to abandon that assumption and break the initial assumption?
I feel like you are hedging your bet with the 1 meter.  The initial power is basically inductance which falls off fast with distance (to the bulb): you've created a big transformer.  At 1 meter, you're already only seeing 1/6 the current.  What if the two wires were separated by 10 meters along the whole length instead of 1 meter?
You had to know that first video was confusing and would lead to blowback allowing you to make this second video. I mean, do what you need to do to get the algorithm to work in your favor, but don't pretend this was a surprise.
I was on the very same page since the first poll you shared. Thank you for your effort.
If electrical circuit portrayed this way, how microprocessor can even work? There must be chaotic field under billion on/off electrical connection per second.
I still believe the original video was deceptive for the following reason: Everyone who knows some EM knows that closing the switch will immediately send some EM waves to the other side of the circuit that will create some current, so the existence of a fraction of the original current is quite trivial. At the same time since causality has to respect the speed of light it is impossible that the full current can apply after 1/c seconds, after all who knows if the wires havent been cut. So it is trivial to state that some current applies. What you should have done is to QUANTIFY how strong this current is as a fraction of the normal one. If that is a surprisingly large number then you have something noteworthy to teach, and I think ~1/4 as in your example is quite high indeed. But without the quantification you aren't making much of a statement. Besides that not.stating that it doesn't matter if the wires are open or closed is deceptive because it makes it seem like this whole thing is about a closed circuit and not two antennas, which is imo a much better description.
one video that changed the perspective of thousands
What you've done is created two dipole antennas. The connections on the ends are red herrings.
Thank you for sparking interest with many people about electricity. I always had problem understanding how it works, I didn't like the idea of just memorizing formulas and spiting out in the school exams. This makes much more sense. Even though the first video is more theoretical, it was very interesting, and this video complements the technicality that was missing.
With this discussion... take off on a tangent of characteristics of power transmission using AC vs DC, because what you have explained here must reflect on the science of Tesla VS Edison... could be a very interesting exposé. Thanks for what you do!!! Craig
Lol.... All you did was miss a letter. And opened a can of worms.  Good apology video.  This was the best yt controversy ever.
As an electrical engineer who specialized in wireless communication devices in my undergrad, I always admitted you were correct. But the question was asked in a greasy manner, you presented it as a simple circuit analyses question when in fact in required a highly technical understanding of EM theory and Maxwell's equations. Not cool to flex your "understanding" on people...
This video explains precisely why Derek has 11.8M subscribers.  He's is curious to a fault (pun intended), extremely thorough, and is always looking to improve his communication.  Well done, Derek!  Really enjoyed this follow-up.
I took 3 semesters of university physics and 4 semesters of calculus including differential equations and yet I still had the false belief in "flow of electrons in wires." Thanks for this great explanation.
Oh
I remember...And yes! I was slightly confused 2. Nice update 🙏
This is exactly what I was thought at university but I never paid attention. The charges were already there to begin with, it's the nature of metallic objects. I thought something was wrong your the last video. Now, it makes a bit more sense. Sadly, I never ended up being an electrical engineer.
**thoughtfully nodding my head, licking the Cheetos powder off my fingers, as 99.9% of this video flies directly over my head**
As a high school student who is starting with electrostatics just now I only understood the 1m/c part and the fields. But its interesting to know I would kind of have a better idea of it when I will learn this, and surely I will come back to this video again for some of notes
Great Job in continuing the discussion and addressing issues.  Great job too in highlighting so many others.
I think one of the best life decisions I've made so far was to study telecommunications engineering. The idea of electric and magnetic fields being what transports energy around is only the tip of the iceberg. We didn't go into as much detail on field theory as "pure" EE majors do, but we did get to discover a lot more of the practical applications in hands-on projects. I can whole-heartedly recommend this major to anyone who wants 3-5 years of constant brain teasers (and a workload that'll seriously hamper your ability to have other hobbies, not that you'll need them).  Truth be told, I was still surprised by your findings. I would have expected the fraction of power transmitted along the direct path to be much lower than it turned out to be. Then again, knowing the VERY real problem of electromagnetic compliance in high frequency circuits, where EVERYTHING acts as an antenna, this shouldn't have come as such a surprise.  So, thank you for making these videos and hopefully getting more people interested in this absolutely fascinating field (pardon the pun).
smart watch -2
this video is just like diss track, but for scientist
I think you made yourself clear the first time personally !
This is phenomenal. Stretching this beyond physics, if a person knows how to become a better conduit to the energies around them, they really wouldn't need external energy to sustain them. Energy fields exist ask around us, but we just aren't sensitive or tuned enough to pick it up. Makes me wonder if all the yogis and saints found out how to do so.
Im guessing those who are hired to correct high frequency circuit PCB EMI failures are most familiar with the concept of real-world behavior of electric fields. There is a lecture by Rick Hartley at the Altium con that states his experience s and why even professionally made high-tier e boards induce a wide array of confusing and unwanted effects along traces and adjacent components. I always found it pretty curious also that every EE course goes straight form elemental atoms to ohms law. Not much explanation , just tips, tricks, and systems to get correct answers and desired results. Its disheartening also when just about every electronics hobbyist communicates with an air of absolute authority on the subject. It makes it especially hard to learn from the community.  AAAnd now I see the end of the video , yeah
OMG, cheater, here we go again  You was misleading! When we set up an experiment we put a battery source and a bulb that is expected to light up when it receives source voltage, not when it receives some milivolts redundant induction current.
Why dont you double the gap between longer sides of the loop (essentially between the resistor and the switch), to 2m, and see whether the delay between applied and measured voltage steps doubles. So the time taken should be 2m/c sec in that case.
Derek be like: You all think I'm some sort of punk ass youtube bitch huh? Watch this.
Actually I unsubscribed you because of your misinformations!
don't get this stuff to tunisia plz
I struggled to understand at first, but this video made much more sense. Thank you!
Wrt average charge density being zero: only approximately. Any transient state of an electric system involves charge density fluctuations; and its only bound perfectly to the surface in a quasistatic approximation where the finite internal resistances are no longer important and charge can fully redistribute to the surface.   Its a bit chicken and egg to wonder if it is the EM fields or the electrons pushing the electrons along. While the only immediate cause of motion of electrons is EM fields; there is only one cause of EM fields; which is a nonzero density of charge. Any current or voltage source boils down to such a nonzero charge density, or relative motions thereof.
I Absolutely LOVE this mans ability with zero shame to say "I did it wrong" AND THAT OKAY!! This is the model we should all strive for< admittance and willingness to improve a "failure" or misunderstanding to become better as an EE I understand why everyone was so quick to say it was wrong......BUT at the same time as an EE....have you ever been an EE student in ur late 30's in a physics 3 class....sometimes theory vs actuality can become a frayed answer so quickly that i even failed tests for over thinking ....and actually paying attention to friction lol, this is why this video is so outstanding to me, the ability to overcome, understand and reform an answer is pure beauty
What a powerful video
it is through the  simple animations  in the learning digital media in the past years which simplified the circuit animations and explaination too much that we assumed these misconceptions
thank you! And shoutout to alpha phoenix and eevblog!
This was a great video!
Both this and the last video are such a good glimpse at how complicated electronics actually are. The animations really help display what is really going on.  Out of curiosity, what software do you use to produce the bulk of your animations?
Holding a traditional 3' fluorescent bulb under hydro lines is a great visualization of the field's effect on a disconnected circuit element. Also a fun way to make your kids think you have magic powers haha
I think a got the ideia, basically is the electrical Force applied to the subatomic level. Its the same principle used in rail-guns, but instead of moving a physical part of the circuit, it moves the charges by the fields created by the charge applied to the circuit.  The time the fields take to get to the maximum value is basically a Dirac discontinuity which is limited by the speed of light... so yes... you have a point.
So even if the wire is broken somewhere down the line the bulb will light up when the switch is closed? Seems so counter intuitive...
Physics vs engineering
FINALLY AN ACTUAL EXPLANATION ABOUT HOW ELECTRICITY WORKS. I have been trying to understand how this works for years! Electrons pushing each other didn't make sense.
Wow, nice! I had goose bumps watching this. A great video. You should really do a video about the first transatlantic telegraf cable.
this whole affair was super entertaining to watch and taught me quite a few new ways to think about what I have been taught in class since I'm an electrical engineering student Thank you so much Derek !!
I enjoy your videos. I hate knowing that there’s not a River of electrons flowing through my wires! I’m glad I learned something new and exciting! And I especially love it that there’s a community making sure you get it right and keeping you honest, and finally, I hate it that some boofs appear to be just trying to bust your balls just to get attention. ( please refer to “keeping you honest,” I don’t mean everyone.) This is probably the most poorly structured thing I’ve ever written.
I enjoy your videos. I hate knowing that there’s not a River of electrons flowing through my wires! I’m glad I learned something new and exciting! And I especially love it that there’s a community making sure you get it right and keeping you honest, and finally, I hate it that some boofs appear to be just trying to bust your balls just to get attention. ( please refer to “keeping you honest,” I don’t mean everyone.) This is probably the most poorly structured thing I’ve ever written.
Thank you very much for following up on this with such a great explanation. IMHO this is much better explanation than in previous video. I'm now looking at it and thinking: "Hey this looks like an antenna" :)  For me the switch positioning was causing confusion as from the previous video I've had an impression that position of the switch is not important which is not true.
It's certainly been interesting watching the to and fro between all the responders. Delighted to find I'm already subscribed to many of them. 😁
I've often thought about how electrons move or that maybe they don't move at all. Or that yes, they move locally, but they aren't really flowing like a river inside the copper or whatever conductor.  We think of it as a current like flowing water, and that's practical, but copper isn't moving, so how does electricity really work. And my ideas did not look like this at all! Haha So great. I love it. I still don't exactly understand it, but this is really amazing and it's very satisfying at least to think I was right in that electrons can't really flow like a river even if that is a practical way to think about it in many ways.
When you added the capacitors and inductors and resistors to create the "distributed element model" (new term for me even now), that topic was the point I completely lost the subject back when I was studying it in 12th grade. This is the first time that I've understood that it was supposed to model the field effects. The other debunking videos didn't make sense to me for the same reason.
Just want to point out that your producer Petr Lebedev shares a name with the Russian physicist who first experimentally proved the concept of radiation pressure. A nice electromagnetic connection to the video.
It's really cool when a topic becomes a big collab like this, especially when it results in experimentation. I hope we see more of this and at even larger scales.  This is probably the second best sort of incarnation of free online education. The best being when all the information has been made available and accessibly categorized with references to all relevant discussions, articles, videos and tools made for it.
Then why do wires get hot if too much current is drawn though them if power is really outside the wire?
Demonstrating that moving the switch/source away from the bulb would increase the time the bulb lights up was the eureka moment for me. Both in terms of "solving" what looked like issues in the thought experiment with relativity, but also just bringing the whole phenomena into clarity. My misunderstanding in the original explanation was that the field was "complete" the moment the circuit was closed. But this demonstrated clearly that the energy is still propagating at C, but through the electric field - such that the "work" of lighting the bulb could begin even though the current was still propagating elsewhere in the wire.  I'm so glad you made this video. This has been driving me batty for a while.
That wild! I wonder if that means a little flicker of a thought happens before the thought lights up. 🧠⚡️
Very interesting to understand how this works. Thanks.
What's the saying? How do you get the "correct" answer on the internet? By saying the wrong answer first. If you had given everything perfectly, no one would have taken up the "challenge" to correct you and maybe it wouldn't have been as big. By making a couple of mistakes, the old video went crazy and brought so much attention to the idea.
This is why traditional TV is dying out. Youtubers that get things wrong have more interaction with their audience and also have the chance to improve and rectify their mistakes or misunderstandings. This is how we kill pop science and start educational science (again) instead.
would a 20v lightbulb turn on with those long wires? yes because I have switched to a tiny LED
I watched this video first before the original one because, I thought know a lot of electricity. Well, I got my answer wrong, but the principle of power transmission is correct in my mind. I understand this explanation instantly when I study Gauss's charge principles, long before I even learn about Maxwell's equation. I told my frieds and they reacted differently, someone even asked me what happened if the wire isn't connected, and yes I answered "F = qV×B; Manetic Flux = B×A; the load will receive power for a brief moment." That's what I forgot about when I answered the original video.  I actually got confused about the c in the choice of being C for specific capacitance of the battery instead of c for celeritas, the speed of causality/light.  Thanks for this video to bring me back what I forgot.
I am a retired psychiatrist (MD) who has an Assoc. Electronic Electrical Engineering degree. I think both videos were enlightening because 40 yrs ago the details of the emf were not stressed.  We really thought electrons flowed.  So this now modifies my view of Electrical conduction along biological "wires". It helps me with the node of ranvier.
You lied. The first experiment was fake. You presented it as a genuine experiment. Now your claiming it was a thought experiment. And now your still can't even admit how long it takes for at least 50% of the steady state current to flow in the load and how it relates to your circuit length. And your still quoting the time it takes the RF field to cross the gap  DARE YOU to do the experiment with 1km RG316 coax cable into a 50ohm load. Are you trying to educate people or play tricks? Stop doing FAKE science.
Maxwell: 3D circuits aren't so bad after all.  Scientists and Engineers: Am I a joke to you?
wow, what a fail. defend a mistake, it gets worse. I forgot about that silly question and also never saw the responses.  while it is true a magnetic field can be induced from one wire to the other, to a load one meter away, you still need the connection to be complete for a certain time for magnetic fields/currents to build up and reach the required power by the bulb.     I'm still in the middle of the video but using an oscilloscope to prove your point could be cheating as it is highly senstive, any tiny magnetic field could trigger a signal, a common house light switch could trigger a signal without electricity
But why are surface charges even created? What makes electrons go in or out of the wire?
You are the rock star of science education Derek! Thank you!
Ben Affleck
Yo
Electroboom is not only electrical engineering, it's also the most glorious of unibrows electrifying himself for our entertainment.
this is how sience works, peer review!!!
You lost bro
Mind blown. Once again.
20:25  Want to visit that amazing place 😲
10:15 as a layperson I can say this video was much more poingnant than the first attempt.
Oddly, the only time i get a Veritasium video to show up in my feed is when he's defending his last video. 😆
He's done it again. Proved all the haters wrong
18:26 This is why this is one of the best channels. He doesn't say "This is how I am proving myself right and everyone wrong". He doesn't assume anything. He just wants to find the truth.
As a Caltech EE student graduating this quarter, how come I didn't get to meet Mr Veritasium
As I commented back then, the issue with the first video, is that it didn't focus on the right part, hence the confusion. "I should have done a better explanation" is wrong here. The first video explained very well. But the context was ambiguous, because it left the viewer with the wrong focus in mind, while watching the rest of the video and the explanation. I got trapped too, and had to re-watch multiple times to finally figure out I was focusing on the wrong thing while listening to you.  Thanks for restoring the proper context, and the proper focus during the explanation this time! Awesome video.
I love this Youtube dabate what a great little series of video including other youtuber:D
How could you all understand this I literally missed my most of the classes. Is it a time worth to study this from start???
Damn, I'm an EE and didn't know this. The first video didn't fully convince me but now I understand!
I think part of the issue with the confusion comes from placing the battery and switch together (and probably resulted in the point of the original video being lost). If the common misconception is that flow of electrons from the battery through the wire is what causes current at the bulb, you could have placed that battery at one end of your hypothetical circuit while keeping the switch at one meter from the bulb. The answer would have been the same, and the point illustrated. Instead, what you provided appeared to indicate the flow of the field to the bulb is from the battery, not the switch, but only when the switch is closed, and since the switch could be placed at the end of the circuit, it is natural people assumed that what you were saying would cause the action of the switch to cause an effect on the bulb faster than the speed of light.
This is DC right? What about AC lol?
I wish all of the world's discourse could occur in the way Vertasium's original video and responses went and the way this follow up video responded to those. Excellent discussions to try to correctly explain what is actually going on in circuits. I taught Physics for many years at High school level and I obviously explained circuits incompletely. In my mind this is shows what science does best!
"The fields are what carry the energy"
Just a side note: I think the electrons actually collide with imperfections and impurities of the lattice, not with the nuclei.
There's a reason they call RF black magic. A lot of EEs even don't understand it. Too many assumptions are made when you're dealing with digital stuff. When RF is involved so much more needs to be considered.
What if a giant insulator was between the 2 wires along the entire length?
This saga has been one of the most interesting and wholesome things I've ever seen on youtube. Your first video led me to [re]discovering electroboom, alpha phoenix, and a few more awesome science channels. Watching everyone's different critiques and explanations was a kind of deep dive I didn't know I needed. Thanks, Derek.
Your previous video contained a logic error. at 1/c you start to see raise of voltage you might see the first "impulse" but issue is if bulb lights at any current it won't be at 1/c it will be 0 due to leakage current, if bulb lights at higher current then leakage current we also not gonna see 1/c, it will be time longer then 1/c at that depends on property of light bulb. AlphaPhoenix's video (and electroboom) were honestly amazing, and only way you could hold up true is if you had very special lightbulb that won't turn on leakage current, but will turn on any voltage above leakage current, but good luck with that and you didn't make such asumption. So nope.
Electricity has always been so mysterious to me because I wasn't very familiar with the details about how it worked and I would try to infer analogues to make more sense of it. Thank you for explaining things this way because it makes so much more sense to me now.
18:30, I thought it was a toaster
I think what he's actually trying to say is electricity = magic.
I am feeling enlightened
No disrespect to all parties but this is an excellent example of being educated beyond intelligence. Put another way, schooled & taught vs original thinking. Derek's initial vid was correct as presented then. It was way over my head but somehow I got it. I have no degrees & 0 (zero) bias but I understood the demonstration & general thought. It's very entertaining & reassuring to see validation. We are too quick to "Nuh-uh" something. After all Science is about questioning, problem is what is forgotten before the answer is derive. Many thanx to all, expecialily Derek. Be safe 🦊
Nobody thought electrons would move. If they did then you'd run out of wire over time and have it accumulate on electronics devices. You're still absolutely wrong. Nobody said any of your points were true.
So, is this “energy is carried by the field, not the wire” the basis of Tesla’s concept of wireless transmission?
And thats why Sheldon hate Howard haha
Wow, ok. Omitting the unit of measurement from 1/c? I really didn't understand where the 1 comes from until it was explained here at 11:50. 1m / c makes way more sense. I generally despise examples with 1 everywhere, because if you miss something from anywhere you cannot guess which 1 was used here, and therefore you can't learn anything by putting the pieces together.
I want to leave my trace with this comment as a contribution for human pursuance to the objective and scientific truth
well that's great. personally i was a bit confused after the original video. after the responses, especially alpha phoenix's video, i understood what you were trying to say. mistakes occur but in the end we all think and finally reach the truth and knowledge. it's great and you engage many many people. so yeah thanks
Absolutely fascinating
Electrons are everywhere. Water is everywhere. The electrons flow the same way water flows: It is a stable asymmetry that arises in polarity (which can be exploited for energy) and the resistance to flow is increased by counter flows (NSWE; up and down)
haha very well done monsieur
@Veritasium by what you are saying I understand that if we put a light bulb at right end of this 10m circuit then the light bulb on top of the battery will light up first since it is 1m away instead of the right end light bulb which is 5m awake even though the right end bulb will come first in the flow of electron. I just wanted to clear this doubt up.
So what I get from this is that shielded cables are mainly a hoax from big cable producers to sell you more material.
Thank you
Just watched your old video
That's fine and all but what does it mean that a "field carries energy"? Is field the energy? How can a field carry energy? And what kind of energy is that electric field carrying?
Well done.
Awesome explanation! Now even I got it haha😆 for real though, it is hard to unlearn something. THANKS for those 2 vids 😇
If you want to understand the secrets of electricity, study the esoteric hints left by ancient Vedic sages.  Purvabhadrapada & Uttarabhadrapada Nakshatras specifically mention the electromagnetic field of Uttarabhadrapada & the electric field of Purvabhadrapada.
I'm here for electrobooms response
I had a professor explain this to us in an electrical engineering math class years ago.  But he also mentioned that the illustration of the current direction is always shown as the opposite of what they really are. So the charge goes from positive to negative, not negative to positive.
I'm an apprentice electrician and although this info is practically useless to me, it gets me so giddy.
Is it weird a college student can't understand most of the things  Except few  Or its higher level info
Science YouTube showing that you will actually appreciate seeing how the sausage is made.
Ok, i get what your saying but, if the electrical field can transfer to completely unconnected lines like you say, how can we have light switches next to each other and be able to turn one on without inadvertently turning on the switch next to it? How do we have power lines running next to our houses without the electrical field turning on or frying all the electronics in the entire house?  Is it simply because the amount of the field being generated is so tiny and negligible that it may as well not exist? what if i bring a led light nearby a electrical power plant? is there ever a possibility that just walking around with it in my hand that it'll light up if i'm around a powerful enough electrical field?
Excellent videos and refreshing humility.
Well explained
He made so much cash on the last video he's getting ready to do it again and we're still watching I'm not sure if that's sad or genius but I find it hilarious 🤣
Thank you for this vid, it brought back passion for something i forgot. I have a Master's degree in energy engineering and while i always had intuitive feeling for thermodynamics, mechanics and fluid dynamics, but the electricity always eluded me. Every time I went digging deeper to understand an concept from the electric field, i would get even more confused, since it would turn out that something my professor said was a gross simplification. Ironically, all those simplifications (and there are many in the this field) just frustrated me and pushed me away from the field. Im sure there are many people like me out there, so this video is pure gold.
So what would happen if the wires were 1km apart instead of 1m?
nicola tesla chuckles at your attempt to describe electricity
Love it! Another fantastic video. I know this next part will of my comment will be met with full resistance but I would like to share it anyways. While I am more than capable of being wrong I do not think you need electrons for this explanation. WAIT! I mean you don't need electrons to be particles and that heat/light energy created in this experiment is not a result of the kinetic energy transfer between electron particles and ions. Maxwell's equations work even if the electron is not a particle or particle-wave duality it is just 1 unit of dielectric charge and regardless of how we define that unit of charge as existing. I just want to open pandora's box from a 100 years ago and ask that we revisit this idea that an election is a particle when instead a field would be closer to reality. I am currently convinced that the only elemental particle is the proton. This is not to say electrons, photons, and the many many other accepted particles are not real but that they are not actually particles. I also lean on the data that protons and neutrons are the same particles just different states.
I understood what you were saying the first time. I also researched it, and understood that as well.  Does that make me more or less smart than the number of people who's YouTube ad revenue spiked after making response videos saying you were wrong?
When nerds fight over a theory:
1 nitpick: 14:28 What you said is technically correct, but you made a very unfortunate choice juxtaposing that sentence with a BS media article. The end result is that it sounded like you were implying that you could charge phones with Wifi signals, and I am sure you did not intend to imply that. Other than that I loved this video and I have pinned it to my basic electricity - amps video. Great followup Derek!
Derek you are wrong. What if the switch and the bulb is 1 light year apart. According to your assumption. This will be completely wrong. I explained it in your previous video. This is completely wrong. Someone is misleading you
Nice
What kills me is electrical engineers who are amateur radio operators should've got this easily, especially those of us who use a balanced line (parallel feedline) in the 450 to 600 ohm ranges to drive dipoles. I absolutely loved the extended details in this follow up video, and gave me more to ponder. 73 from EN91
crazy how many youtubers goes out of their way to proof someone wrong, why cant you do it to society since its going the wrong way and with all this crazy stuff happening, like WWW3, pandemic, global warning will slap chris and now johnny deep and amber court case what wrong with this world. there a veritasium for you to solve, this is one thing you wont be able to solve humanity
Honestly seems like you are at a point in which is, and is not correct. Which is promising.
I feel that people like Maxwell and Poincare can see perfectly well that its angels and unimaginable multidimensional forces, and just boil it down to formulas for the rest of the above average to understand
Could you block the electrical field from  propagating to the other side of the circuit?
From the get-go, I actually get your point about the "energy in the field" in your first video. It was actually mindblowing for me as an engr. But you know, an engr's practical sense comes automatically first.
It's nice to watch you learning. It's sometimes more fun that to get it right immediately.
Of course "the energy is in the Field(s)", exactly what you think you should expect in temporal superposition Quantum-fields Mechanism Holographic standing wave modulation cause-effect of pure-math trancendental logarithmic, mass-energy-momentum condensation. ----- On topic, I have known, "learning by doing Observation->Intuition, how "Electricity works" in practical circumstances since growing up, but putting it into communicable abstract component concepts is the "Measurement Problem" of Sciencing Re-search Categorization Practices. An Education Curriculum circumstance of Teaching and Learning techniques.  Eg if you touch a live wire without wrapping your finger around it, you experience the short circuit reaction of nodes in your spine taking independent action. This could tell you a lot about embodiment as a holistic QM-TIME Completeness cause-effect integration, but wow, what a lot of "lesson prep" is needed for that.., not to mention quality teaching-learning such as this.
I literally dropped out of university yesterday. I was studying Electrical engineering... It's a funny feeling
Here is the way to do this experiment. If you must do this pointless dipole thing going in TWO directions. Get two thousand foot spools of 75 ohm co-axial cable,  short one end of each spool connect the center conductors to the light and the grounds to switch and battery.  You don't have to build wooden towers supporting copper water pipe. You don't need to even unroll the spools of cable. This 2000 ft version could be done on a kitchen table.  One ampere is a coulomb of electrons flowing past a point in a conductor every second.  If all energy travels in the fields, why do automotive jumper cables tend to be rather hefty?
After watching this I feel dumber and smarter at the same time.
My only question is why the setup frame at 8 feet high instead of 4 or 5 feet above ground.
Physicist upsets electrical engineers
It's the propeller car all over again
Naice
Derek is always right.
This is the best of social media- YouTube physics enthusiasts feeding off each other. Twitter is the worst of social media- arguments in 144 characters as a spectator blood sport. (obligatory hashtag Screw Felon Musk)
So if you inserted an insulator (wall or something) to block the transmission across the 1m gap, would this not help prove the point?
TIL something about physics, was I taught wrong physics at school tho ? But if it's important in precise electronics then it has been also known for a while.
Balls in your court electroboom!!!
I love science YouTube drama. Everyone is polite yet it's still as interesting.
Wow, this just made a crazy connection for me. I used to make my own vape coils and they are all better when shapped in certain ways. And it makes so much sense now seeing how the fields propagate. Also bring a whole new meaning to OHMs law to me. Seeing really life experience perfectly represented in this video is so cool. Never thought of current like this before.
so if i power my pc on i can power a light bulb if i hold it close??
Thanks for doing this.
Well now I don’t know how batteries work
Wrong
Great job and congrats to all people that got envolved. It's amazing how much knowledge can be generated by a deep discussion of a subject.
the science community is actually the most engaging and wholesome community on youtube!
And Derek said "let the electric field accelerate", and there was light
yeah the electrons in the battery don't even go into the bulb. they just excite the electric field, causing the electrons already inside the bulb to move and generate heat by bumping into the metal ions that were described, because electrons interact with electric fields because they're the quanta of the electric field.
Electrical Engineer teaching electronics vs Electricians teaching electronics. The difference is as clear as night and day.  Now I am curious, does this further proves Nikola Tesla's Tesla Tower is effective, a.k.a. wireless charging scaled up to industrial level but to power houses?
This is hands down the best video I have watched on youtube
I wish I watched this two days ago for my Physics  II final
The original question wasnt when the lightbulb will emit light but when will it light up ad I think there lies the problem. Will you call your lights "lit up" when they are dim ? Well we will need a semantics to solve that. But all in all great video.
Whilst i knew the individual words in this video, my brain still cannot comprehend whats going on. I guess i need someone to eli5 me
So wil it matter if the material or wire is changed kipping the same resistance of wire but also increasing or decreasing the length of it  Like let's take nichrome wire which has much higher resistance than that of silver wire  So if we take 1m of nichrome wire and to match the same resistance as of the wire it'll take many meters of silver wire  So actually my question is that if we do your experiment with silver wire then any material which has much higher resistance then will the time taken to light the bulb vary ?
Great job
I worked with Ben Watson a few years ago and I was very excited to see him featured in your video! He's a great guy and exceptionally bright!
one thing about electricity is it's one of those baffling conniptions that the more you look into it the more confused you actually get especially when you get into inductance and variables resistance capacitors etc lol
An objection to the illustrative animations:  We see electrons bouncing off the atomic nuclei of the lattice.  We see little negatively labeled circles impacting and bouncing off the large positively labeled circles.  This animation thus indicates a repulsion between them.  Why?  Electrons are negatively charged.  The nuclei are positively charged.  Shouldn't we see an attraction?  Shouldn't each electron move faster as it approaches a nucleus, and then be scattered off in some direction after the closest approach?  I think the energy should be transferred from electron to atomic nuclei via an attractive scattering process, rather than a repulsive bouncing-off event.
So at 11:02, Derek essentially said the difference of charge caused current when closing the switch, therefore causing a changing magnetic field. But how is this difference of charge still produced when the wire is cut? Without the charge difference, the initial current would not appear at first!
Where have I seen that design on hos hoodie? I feel like it's a movie..
People learn from mistakes.. That's why people got so far in the first place.  Great vid and the world is a bit smarter again. Thank you!
so if someone cuts the wire at the far end, the bulb will remain lighted?
I believe this illustrates an important philosophical idea. As a physics student I would frequently encounter the notion that we use certain math and models because they work, that is there is a correspondence between the prediction a certain model makes and results from experiment. Not there is something wrong with proceeding that in order to gain understanding, but it's important to recognize when your model is just a convient tool and when it corresponds it actual reality. I wonder if there is not some opportunity to discover "new physics" if we reexamine old assumptions. Thinking of a circuit like water in a pipe is a convenient tool for conceptualizing and solving a certain set of problems, but it's not true. What mistakes are we making because we try to extend faulty and incorrect models into other aspects of physics?
I can only admire your textbook attitude on correctly responding to criticism.
While there is a small amount induced current, it is NOT proof that electrical fields (and hence the majority of energy) flows through the air (not the wires) as is claimed in the original video.
"Elcectrons don't push each other, it's a misconception". "The varying concentrations of electrons on the surface push the electrons along". Pick one;
Thank you Derek!  When I was deciding whether to study mechanical engineering or electro engineering, I picked mechanical simply because it was more "tangible". And it seems many electro engineers do not understand it even though they studied it. Which might not be their fault.   If only all teachers were like you or other high-quality content creators...
AlphaPhoenix had a good rebuttal / response video to the original of this. E2A: Oop, nevermind, it's mentioned near the end of the video.  Nice.
Here before Electroboom
I think the bulb is turned on when it receives 80% of voltage, not 20%
So its two antennas inducing a charge? It doesn’t even matter if they are connected at the ends.
Hi Derek, i think a great topic for your next video would be to determine whether lift is created using Bernoulli's principal or Newton's third law. Thanks in advance
One last thing to complete this. Put another wire opposite and have it go nowhere, check the response on that wire too. It should also “light up”.
You should explain whatvis the remiander of the signal on the scope. The initial is how much % of the total. When does the full signal arrive? Why does it seem to overshoot?
11:20 TOTAL MINDBLOW :o, I now understand what I wanted to understand about electricity, I feel complete
Great follow up, loved it! Got a bit dense in the first half, but the propagation visualization of HFSS really drove it home nicely. I'm a bit torn now whether this ground truth should be thought first, and then the simplified abstractions, since the abstractions (the lumped element model) do not really make for a good vehicle into the details they facade over.
I can't wait for the response videos from mehdi n dave, eric bogatan. Edit - Derek did good.
Is there a difference if the circuit has its elements maximally away from each other, i.e form a circle with circumference of 1 light second? Would this not eliminate the influence of fields on those parts of the circuit that are 1/2 way on the other side?
Try putting 18v through an led?
Apology for your "casual use of units" was appropriate indeed. In educational or entertainment context it is a cardinal sin to arbitarily omit units from equations.
I struggled in my EE curriculum for the exact reasons you listed at the end. I had a eureka moment 10 yrs after graduation and finally understood my field as it really is. More engineers need to be taught these concepts as they are more important than can be said.
This is peak science. I'm still a high schooler but stuff like these is what has determined me to major on STEM.
I learned all this from a car audio enthusiast, when I was 16. Did not realize it was a contentious next level physics problem.  And the resistance of a wire is directly proportionate not to its cross section but its surface area and the voltage across it. Because cars use 12 volt direct current when you get into high-end applications they have extremely high strand count wires the wires are as small as a human hair to maximize surface area.
I love this guy
what would this look like for AC?
I love how this community works together, it honestly brings a tear to my eye. Thank you Derek
How I wish my electrodynamic professor had been as clear and visual as this video.
That's an antenna.
Just took an ECE final exam, and this shows up, ah just can't do both.
You shouldn't advertise Python Apps... as they are ~70 times burning more energy than needed for the same task. PYTHON IS KILLING THE ENVIRONMENT. Just as every other human laziness. And hollow phrases. If only Sophie had listened to me and built in the kill switch I requested to turn off all of civilizations glory with a single switch... now that would be fun.
They called him a Madman and he proved them wrong.
You claimed that the wires don't need to complete a circuit for the light to turn on. Why don't you disconnect the wires at the far end and show us that the bulb still turns on?
so why be so confusing and start with how wireless charging worcks !!, thears a filling that you make the question and the anser way complicated than it is to make it sound smarter
A classy response from daddy Derek.
Was the time division of the scope 50 nsec?
Veritasium demonstrates genuine scientific humility, and that’s what makes him and his team so great.
Encouraging and being receptive to debate is the key point in what will develop our understanding of the Universe. I'm glad you are able to pose a hypothesis, and allow the scientific community out there to challenge it.
A complete success.  Look at all the people talking about something as basic as electric flow.  Congrats.
I would like to congratulate you Derek. I feel there is a good chance your work will bring these ideas to more people than ever before, for generations to come.
I'm glad you revisited this. My complaint with the original video was never the actual information in it, but how it was framed. It felt like you said "This is the correct answer, the other answers are wrong", when in fact there were multiple correct answers, depending on the interpretation of the question. If the lightbulb is an actual lightbulb, the intuitive answer is correct, if it's an LED, it can turn on quicker, if it's an "ideal" light source it would never turn off because of leakage current. Even an LED might be permanently on because of external radio waves. In the end, you kinda asked a trick question and then people were upset for being tricked. I'm just glad this was acknowledged as a communication problem.
Alpha phoenix reproduced your experiment days after your first vid not 6 months.
This exact thing is being taught to me RN and I have an exam on transmission lines next week
I summon electroboom here
What if you move the wires 10 m apart?
mogged
Appreciated your acceptance!! Debate is the embryonic fluid that gives life to true innovation!!💎
Looks for an effect at 3.3ns (1m wire spacing), puts the time scale at 50ns/div. Good job!
I appreciate the shoutout to AlphaPhoenix, both because he actually did the work to test it (at pretty impressive scale!) and because he deserves more subscribers. But I really appreciate the transmission line visual with the infinite virtual capacitors across the wires. That's what really made this explanation click for me.
So the end of the line, its all about definitions. Instead of 'turning a lightbulb' on, you could put down a electric motor. Now saying 'will it turn', it depends on what RPM you consider 'turning on'. If a normal 'turn on' is 1000rpm, then 1M/C isnt correct as with this experiment it would be maybe 100 or 200rpm at best, like there is no absolute 0 or 1 state of a lightbulb. The only point i dont get, the part at 13:12, the light will turn on even if there is no loop. But currently wireless charging always requires a 'loop' from the powersource.
Why am I not dying when I am touching fields then 🤔?
I don't trust Veritasium.
I agree that yes, current flows that fast. But you missed the point in a more fundamental way. You keep talking about the energy “really” being in the “fields”. As if Maxwell's equations represent some true reality? Fields are a mathematical model, that imprecisely (especially in the time scales you are dealing with) predicts the way some charges affect the behaviour of others. They don’t “really” do anything.
It would be nice to see a real world example of the disconnected circuit lighting an LED
This is how I understood the circuit to work, but I do have some issue with the explanation.  As was demonstrated… You get the near instant current of the 1m/c but it is not at the full voltage and amperage that the circuit is cable of given the power source and components of the circuit.  After the energy of the field travels down the wires at the speed of light, the full power of the circuit will be in effect, and then you see full voltage and amperage of the circuit. This initial spike and then ramp to full power is what you see on the oscilloscope plot shown.  The only problem I have with the explanation as given, is that while yes, that initial energy you see in the experiment would in fact light up a LED, it would not power up any light source that actually exhibited the 1100 ohm resistance you used.  Had you actually used an LED that could run on the amount of power you seen, I believe the initial power would have been smaller. Or in other words, with a load of 1100 ohms, you see an initial 14mW of power, then the ramp to full power, but a smaller load (typical of a small LED capable of running on 14mW) would see a smaller initial power across the load, followed by the ramp to full 14mW power of the circuit.  Maybe I am wrong on that, and the 14mW seen is just a natural result of the other conditions of the experiment, that are independent of the load. And that a load of another value would have shown similar initial power across it.
I just simply love your videos Sir!
I mean.. yeah that's how radio works.
18:29 I'm going to pimp out my microwave oven to look like that 'scope! lol Thank you for a very informative and fascinating video.
I don't find you very believable concerning this topic...
Well that's my brain being melted for the day.
At 5:44 you Cleverly made the Enterprise from Star Trek
In the first minute.... He shows demonetised YouTubers still proving him wrong....     Nothin Suss and no Connections or light bulbs going off guys ! Nothing against him personally but it proves YouTube unfair and what should be illegal.. These demonetised people should SUE YouTube for lost wages... It's provable... Like a Democrat lawsuit against any uni for not simply selling the Qualifications...no matter the experience... This is how suddenly every doctor or lawyer is FOREIGN
Broh u made best content ever...:)(: Tesla's mode activated...
Someone should take the analogy of the electron flow here and replace it with a hydraulic equivalence. Electric charge would be pressure difference, and you could actually do almost all of the same comparisons with a slight change in terminology.  The notion that the water isn't pushing on itself to go through the pipeline seems very disconnected from real experiences, and the same is true for electrons in DC steady state.  I will admit that the maths work out, and that this view of energy flow has its place in very high frequency applications, but even then we are talking about GHz ranges, which is a very niche field. Any explanation that mainly fits such a niche field should have a fitting disclaimer.
Someone once described electricity as "not so much a thing but rather a way in which things behave"  The conductor is "electrified" and not "carrying" electricity. The concept of negative and positive electron flow is what confuses most people. Also using water as an example of how electricity works is the worst thing any educator ever came up with. I can remember studying the electron theory back in my days as an electronics technician and as the professor was getting deeper and deeper into basically what this video is about, I could sense the other students getting restless as if something needed to be said. Finally I raised my hand and said, "But this is all theory, no one has actually observed this process happening. This is all just inference based on formulas adding up to the right numbers." The professor replied with something to the effect of " Yes, but it works and nothing has come forward to prove it wrong so, that's where it stands" That was 1982.  "Welp, sometimes science is more art than science, Morty. A lot of people dont get that"
BIG CLIVE
Hey Derek, I appreciate you revisiting this topic. I guess it should be good common practice for your future videos to have a couple of experts watch it before it’s released to point out any poor deliveries or possible misconceptions as well as a couple of people who know nothing on the topic so they can tell you where they get lost and which parts need clearer more detailed explanation.
🥺❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thats why coils work how they work they accumulate the electrical field surrounding from the athmospehre
You humans finally accepted Ether or no?
This is real science, this is not trust, trust is religion, science is doubt, confronting ideas, experimenting and rethink what we thought we known. Science is also share, discuss, do not agree, been approved by your pairs.  This is the best demonstration of science. Thank you for this video series
it is 1/c seconds, you stated the measuring unit at the end, nothing wrong with that, 1 and c are just the magnitudes.
Lol I knew that would be redone lol
Wow! Just Wow!
wow
So, everyone but Veritasium is idioticly stupid and we should cancel them for doubting you??
didnt ask
Did you bet another $10,000 you didn't tell us about 😉?
This video made a lot of stuff clear for me but i have a question.   In the experiments and in the simulations you can see the small voltage that runs through the wire. It first goes up a little, stays there for a few milliseconds and then jumps up exponentially to the full voltage.   Why does this exponential jump take place?  Why doesnt the voltage just rise uninterupted to the full voltage?
I may be wrong, but I think that the electron flow in a circuit is not as shown in the animation, the flow of electron is like a relay race . The nucleus of an atom in a conductor receives a high energy electron and releases its  electron with the received energy to its neighbor atom and this process continues in the conductor or electrons are vibrating between atoms and transferring the excess energy it received by emf.
Derek, It's always demoralising when others slap you with "oh you forgot about this or that" All these guys, Big Clive, Electro Boom etc are awesome and you also are awesome. Thanks for your contributions fellow human.
The 3 fastest things in the Universe were asked to race~ Electromagnetism came 3rd, Light came 2nd, Veritasium stood on the podium!! :)
Man, electricity is freaking complicated.
Great video. I noticed you were repeatedly careful to say that the electric field expands at "approximately" the speed of light. Does that mean that in a dielectric medium, the field will propagate at a speed less than c?
As an RF engineer, this checked all the boxes for me. The HFSS simulation, lumped element model, transmission line explanation and the load matching in the actual measurement were all great. I'd push back against the notion that viewers of the first video should have accepted that the incandescent light bulb should have been assumed to be ideal because the scenario was a thought experiment. It kind of felt like the point of the video was an "um actually this is how things actually behave in reality", so having viewers respond in kind by pointing out the significant voltage required for an incandescent light bulb wasn't out of line. Regardless though, this video was really great and really covers the RF engineering concepts I was looking for in the first one.
I have question, what would actually happen if wire with positive charge was shorter than wire with negative charge? From my assumptions, light bulb would weakly lit and then after negative charge comes, It would glow brighter. Am I correct?
How r u
Excellent work, thanks for all y’all’s effort and for free for us!
Well, there is another assumption there. You show a 1.5V battery in your thought experiment but for the real experiment you used a 15V source. The transient effects (and EMF emission) from closing that switch are much more significant.  Let's say that you have a 3V source to be kind of realistic for LEDs. So, if for 15V source you got 14mW of power, what's the power you will get with a 3V source? 3mW? Is that enough to light up any kind of light emitting device?
No bet this time? Sad...
3 years of EE brought down by this.  c o o l.
Are you serious.  If the fields. Ok we can't use field energy from earth or we will kill it got it.
Very good video. Remember there is a difference between what’s true, and what matters. Derek does a great job showing the whole truth of how circuits really work. The other videos that critique it do a great job at showing what matters. For most situations the small increase in voltage at 1/c seconds is negligible compared to the overall voltage needed to light the light bulb.
Don’t cpu architects deal with these principles every day? Let’s get one of them to explain this
I'm trying to make it through this video I'm 5 min in and my blood is boiling. I think there is an underlying condescension that is what I find so aggravating. Categorizing helpful efficient models as misconceptions is just, not to use the same word again, condescending. Also for the record one of my older EE professors said he read a schematic of a tinh circuit that had a component labeled 50ms delay, (this was back in the day when this was hard to do apparently) and he said "what is your 50ms delay" and the guy pulled out a box full of huge length of wire. The point of the story was little circuit that required giant box of wire is pretty silly, but how would the delay function if this is how things worked. Also I believe the way throughhole resistors are made is by taking a thin carbon film wire holding the ends together folding it to make like a double wire then wrapping the double wire around a coil and separating the two ends and connecting them to the terminals so the magnetic fields cancel each other. I have made a shunt resistor like this even if it's not done commercially. So if 1 cm/in into the wire if it could jump at significant power to the other wire how do they even work?
Point to myself :It still takes time for the field to be fully reinforced throughout the length of the transmission lines …
Could anyone link the videos that responded for his first video. I'm pretty sure that people will find it helpful to find all the videos related to the same context in one place.  Thanks
do you by any chance have a video that can explain how analog frequencies are converted into digital data. I'm curious after this video. I've been wondering if the frequency fluctuation is from 0 to 254 for the binary conversion into digital? I don't know if what I asked makes any sense my terminology may be off. I'm by no means an expert lol. just fascinated by how it all works. for me I forget the correct terminology and find some near semantic equivalent to what I'm trying to explain and feel I leave NY questions to broad.  This question just brought about another question. if ingress and egress are frequencies escaping a coaxial line does that mean that it is also distorting an electromagnetic field? as in electrons escaping into the airwaves?  One more question. are frequencies distorted by the amount of electrons? Why is it frequencies in the coaxial cable (4 up and 4 down) don't interfere with eachother? especially when just mere exposure to the center conductor from the shielding to the air instantly picks up noise from radio signals in the air. I know the noise floor for frequencies to work has to be below like -140 dbm... or something like that. and when that shielding is exposed the noise floor jumps up. sometimes it's the components in the home when turned on the jumps up the noise floor on an ingress scan. but either way it appears as though some charge is exposed and manipulated creating data loss and drops in your frequencies. the lower frequencies seem to have a better time getting through tough situations but high frequencies seem to expend much more energy when some resistance or exit is available. I once tested the frequencies inside a person's house who's service wasn't acting right. the low frequencies were showing up but the high were gone. when I traced her line I found a rat had chewed through her coax and the line had been soaking in a small puddle. to me it appeared as though the lower frequencies had wider swaths and the higher frequencies just died out from the directory exponentially increasing resistance from higher number of parabola per second.  I'm really interested about information in analog transmission and how computers convert analog into variable computer languages. I understand that gates somehow come into play. like gates that tell you if the incoming information is a 1 or 0.  my guess is that the transmitters oscillate the frequencies somehow to manipulate each up and down signal into binary with each frequency carrying information divided by the frequencies parabola on each of those eight signals. So you'd have 4 down signals each with their own 0 to 254 measured out bits on that frequency range. followed by 4 upstream with the same. I've noticed the functions on upstream communication are purposely made to be small packets of information because the frequencies are lower. or at least I believe it was an intended purpose.  It's strange how hard this knowledge is to come by. It appears maybe I haven't found that niche community who shares my enthusiasm.
I tend to disagree with the possibility for the induced current to immediately light the bulb. Yes, if there were bridging capacitors along the length of the wire, then that is different. As you have stated, they will act as a dead short circuit for a short period of time. Without such capacitors, you have very little induced energy which reduces even more the greater the gap between source and load. If it were two individual circuits which were placed one over the other, you would get the same induced voltage across each separate circuit, regardless of which source was switched on. It would be a measurable change at each load, but only the load attached to the switched on source would eventually light up. Either way, no speed of light violation has taken place, because the induction was across a short distance at 'C' not over the full length of wire.
What a great explanation and video. I like the scientists methods you used to defend your arguments and admit your mistakes using rational and logical thinking. It's not that easy, at least for me, to find youtubers like you who admit their mistakes and tries to defend their arguments RATIONALLY. Really appreciate it !
Man i love this channel
Finally, eletroboom will be happy
Bards shall sing for generations about the war that you started with that video.
Alpha phoenix is the GOAT
This makes my brain scramble but my kids would probably understand it. It doesn't surprise me though that what we learned on school was wrong. Remember the tongue diagram where you taste salt or sweet or sour in different areas 😂
Great, now address the "how electrostatic charges bend water streams" video :D
In other words. You got your ego hurt...
Bravo 👌😁
Thank you, Derek! I feel that this series of videos and responses is a great example of how discussions about complex subjects should be carried out. I actually DID learn this stuff about 45 years ago and I vaguely recall some of it when you illustrate it so well. I really wish that we could find a way to discuss our social/political complex subjects as thoroughly and respectfully as this!
I thought Electroboom if I remember correctly explained it as being accurate and he then admitted with a caveat to the effect of like if he means this when he says this in that case yes he is correct. The truncated clip makes him sound more unreasonable than he really was.
Now i am wondering what i have learnt
Excellent 👍🏻👍🏻
The biggest error is the materialist outlook on electricity, and considering electrons as little "marbles" of something. While an electron may not be a substance at all, but rather, the absence of a substance in what James Clerk Maxwell called the "Ether".
You make all of YouTube worth it many times over.
Wow, I really think I understand it as you wanted me to understand! Thank you! Good job!
Dejavu !!!
Another way to skin the Quantum Operator Cat-in-the-box. Personally I'd stick with the Engineering and make it work effectively,  but the situation of reviewing and developing the reiteration needs the descendants of One Electron Theory.., Maldecena AdS/CFT Holographic Principle projection-drawing of e-Pi-i omnidirectional-dimensional cause-effect Forms, to bring out the inside-outside Superposition-point Singularity work in Superconduction at Absolute Zero Kelvin. If the superstition or theory aspect of pure-math trancendental loop-resonance, and AM-FM orthogonal-normal superstition Quantum-field(s) is analysed, Feynman Diagrams style of a picture-plane containment states in Perspective.. (who will be the lucky Graduate Students to collaborate and collate)
Though the answer wasn't wrong in the original video, it had the same effect as Cunningham's Law 😄
So when you are talking about long distances or high frequencies (the step function of a switch turning on qualifies) you can no longer rely on high school physics level simplifications like the water analogy. You have to start thinking of the wires as what they really are: primitive waveguides.
Finally an explanation that actually makes sense to all those questions in electrical engineering.  Thank you!
I actually got confused with the first video.
I want to preface this with that I really enjoy the channel and find your videos very entertaining. I also feel the need to say that this video very clearly shows you didn't fully understand the valid critiques of your initial video, no educated critiques that I saw had any doubt there would be some immediate current flow due to some mechanism, the doubt was that it was an appreciable current, and I think your video has essentially shown that to be the case. By optimizing this problem in terms of the mutual inductances and parallel capacitances as if they were transmission wires you're making the absolute best case scenario for your view point, and still you get only 1/4 the input voltage. The current caused by these mechanisms would be very low in comparison to the input voltage were the experiment not optimized for these mechanisms (another experiment has show that to be the case with a much longer wire).   The misunderstanding of the original video wasnt the nuances of the fields and the skin effect and such, or those with advanced knowledge in physics and particularly circuits wouldn't have taken issue.  This video reeks of bias and although I do not think it's intentional and meant to misrepresent the problems or the physics, its there nonetheless
Excellent revision of click-bait. Poorly explain a highly advanced topic to generate discord in video 1, get the free second view when people come back to hear you explain it all again in video 2. You are literally trolling people who *think* they are smart, and getting the ad revenue for it. Why not just describe it properly the first time? I made the exact comment about the TLT on the first video. downvote for not doing it right the first time.
thank you  for explaining it into deep :)
I spent two years learning about electricity and I’m as confused by this second video as I was by the first.
This is Beauty of doubt
Is not it just inductance at that point that . It is more like a electric transformer with same number of coils on both plate
I hereby submit to my inability to comprehend whats happening.  I will go by the water flow/marbles explanation as that what help me understand (even if incorrect).
what happen whit a insulated wire that include a ground shield (like a coax cable)
These videos get people talking and thinking about science. I think it's great...mistakes or not. Keep up the good work!
Who doesn't love a healthy science debate?? Thanks for the opportunity Derek! Hope we get to see more debates like that soon haha
"Yeah but wires are superconductors" "Yeah but the lightbulb was actually a LED" "Yeah but it doesn't fully light up"  Look Dereck, talking for myself here, but we all KNEW about electric fields, the issue was how you presented the problem. If you show us a lightbulb, and tell us it will light up immediately, then that is plainly false. You then change it to a LED that will easily show light with just a few uA across it, then yeah it will light up immediately, but it still will not reach full brightness until the current goes around the entire loop... If you use a resistor and an oscope, then it becomes CLEAR that only a small fraction of the current immediately makes it across. It would have been a better, easier to understand explanation from the get go, instead of assuming people don't know what a resistor is, and arbitrarily replacing it with a light bulb. Because, you know, a superconducting lightbulb would emit no light at all...  Appreciate the follow up video!
I'm a physicist and you are wrong.
I loved seeing the detailed and animated simulations.  That's not something your average person can put together, so thank you for making this great video!
Cu is not 1 electron and 1 proton !  It’s way complex than that . When the free moving electron moves it will hit another electrons it’s impossible to reach the nucleus zone !  Electrons already have magnetic  field in them... they create that magnetic field when combined.
I'll wait for the thunderfoot review on this
Thumbnail says "yay for me!"
So is the field Light?   How can it not be if the field “appears” instantaneously?    Ans if nothing can go faster than the speed of light, that no-thing must be light.   So is the field a particle or a wave?  Lol.   What is life?  What is light?  Of course, these words are etymologically the same.
Ok but i don't understand why so, a near closed circuit with a lamp don't turn on if   this is caused by the electric field.
Electricity never made sense to me, and it always bugged me that I can't make it click in my mind (fumbling about with equations is easy enough in physics classes, but that is no understanding). These illustrations and explanations are absolutely brilliant, thank you!
So if the wires are arranged inside a faraday cage ?
Way over my head but… what about shielded conductors?
Well. I guess that in the end what most people pointed out was correct then, apart from the 1/c s that should have been 1m/c it's kinda down to what you define as a lamp "being on". To most people a, let's say, 40W lamp in an idealized circuit with no power loss due to resistance is to be considered on when it emits 40W of light, not a fraction of that.
This is what I love to see. So often it feels like academia is full of pettiness and greed. These videos where you stand behind your arguments and actually excitement to support them feels like how science should be done. I've known many a professor that would simply argue to the point of hatred about something as simple as this. You're an inspiration to do better science always
So is there a magnetic field surrounding my whole house?
But the field is created by moving electrons
It's amazing to me that were having calm and rational scientific debates on YouTube, with the added bonus of everyone learning a bit more about electricity. There is always more to learn about how the world works and even some things like electricity that we use on a daily basis can gain more depth. Props to everyone involved in these videos and all the people doing the math and experiments!
Hey Derek, what about if the wire was completelly isolated and could not transmit the field that 1 meter? Would the bulb ever light up?
I appreciate the nuanced explanation after the fact, but the initial conjecture was in fact deceptive: by omission you implied that the bulb would be fully lit, with no mention that it would take the expected amount of time for the field to propagate along the full length of the wire before this effect was achieved. This could be damaging to a new learner.   Thank you for making this follow up. I have been a big fan of your excellent work over the years.
As an electrical engineer i can confirm that v=ir . Any other things they say is beyond my knowledge.
ഹാ... വന്നല്ലോ 😀
No wonder you need ladders when you invite someone who works with kilometer-sized measurement setups.
A better answer would be from a Space Engineer who designs Rad Safe Circuits.
I feel dumb as a senior EE watching this lol. I mean I'm aware of field spreading and stuff everything- but the way you present it would suggest that you can create a full electrical short without touching wires. I would like to know why...hmmm. I know Arcing can happen at high voltage...but why does putting two wires close together not cause a short without touching. I haven't woken up yet. Lmao
Damn it Derek. I used to think that I am electrical/electronics expert just because I finally understood ohm's law.
This is the scientific version of UFC Fight Night PPV LOL 😂😎
Massive respect to admitting to your mistakes. Thank the people who spoke against you and defending your position in such a polite way.
Closing the switch in the case where the wire is cut makes absolutely no diference since the other end didn't have oposite charge
Mind Blowing as always ! Absolutely loved this explanation. Any chance making this a series to explain different components of the circuit individually on how they function ? Also maybe a explanation of quantum computing in this format ?
I wonder if you guys considered static charge in wires...
Why am i learning this about electricity now...
Thank you for clearing this up.   I still don’t understand it :)
I thought I understood the first video and the thought experiment helped me conceptualise the information I learnt, then I saw the responses and got confused thinking I'd misunderstood something, after watching this I realise I did understand the first video but not the responses and have decided I'm just going to pretend electricity is bottled magic stuff that makes things light up and will avoid thinking about it until my headaches goes away.    Also, I'm not sure I've ever heard a thought experiment that was realistic, plausible or took into account every variable. I'm pretty sure Schrödinger didn't want people focusing on what the exact mechanism he'd use to poison a cat or whether he took into account the non-zero chance of the cat falling through the solid floor.
Nice
Thank you. This is SO much clearer than the previous video! Great job!
Electricity is a jump. And the jump. Well light speed. But why?
I dont know why, but this reminded me about Nikola Tesla and his claims of Ether.
Опа :) Новый повод для опровержений ) Зато познавательный
I learned something really interesting from your initial videos and from the videos and experiments it kicked of. And I think this video is a really nice way to wrap things up. Thanks a lot for this!
I was hoping he’d fly the other YouTubers there and they’d do a collaboration video. But  was almost as good.
This is what Nicola Tesla knew, intuitively, 100 years ago
This whole thing kind of reminds me of Cunningham's Law lol. I could have sworn there was a relevant XKCD but I guess not.
Balance
Hmmm.  These electric fields must be VERY close to the wire.  Consider a bundle of these long wires together, but just one wire connected up the other way around.   If the electric fields were wide-ranging, then the outnumbered contrarian circuit would have a real problem delivering any energy.    But I am pretty sure that does not happen, as aircraft wiring bundles have no problem with delivering even very weak charges (detection circuits) along contrarian wires.   Indeed, why are we not getting massive interference in wiring bundles, when only some wires are in operation.  That would suggest that if I switch on one heavy load in an aircraft, all the other detection wires would enegise at the same time. (I am presuming an insulator cannot interrupt an electric field.)  RE
One of the best videos that I've ever seen.
Anyone who thought it would break causality really didn't understand it(common theme apparently). Also noted some oversights with the details but I saw no reason to toss the baby with the bathwater. It was well enough explained but I suppose it's better to delve further in the mechanics.
It is sorcery.
Omg.. i was thinking about it today while peeing and wanted to do some experiment to prove it. Thank you for saving my money.
The more i study electromagnetism, the less i understand it. Brilliant video.
So what is the role of Electrons???
This is why Tornado's are driven by Space Charge in electrical storms. View the clouds and ground potentials from Kelvin generated Static charges stored in huge storm systems that cover hundreds of square miles of ground-cloud capacitors and the fields created. The result of a dry air mass sitting between the cloud and ground creates a system where huge amounts of energy is stored and entropy finds  a way for the energy to dissipate through the formation of a tornado. The high velocity winds are created by this high energy field dispersion in the presence of the earths magnetic field always turning in the direction from the coriolis effect.  Think ABOUT THAT. I KNOW HOW TO STOP TORNADOES.
A win for the scientific community on YouTube.
If people never questioned things we wouldn't be where we are today.
???I have one more question? is it possible to stop the leakage current or leakage electric field ? because I think it is definitely possible to reduce the electric field between the battery and bulb it is depend on  the medium between bulb and wire or we can call it relative permittivity of the medium.
fake. he just faked the oscilloscope readings after getting debunked. Liar.
Particulas magicas
it's not like i understood anything but the fact that so many people were actively discussing and sharing knowledge and rectifying misconceptions is just so.. incredible. this is the way of science, love it.
Mind blown
When I was a systems engineering student, I had an electronics professor who told us that the explanations he gave us were based on a rudimentary model (analogy based on the flow of water) that allowed us to solve problems and predict the behavior of electromagnetic phenomena and not to worry about anything else. Despite having taken physics courses in which we talked about Maxwell's equations and Lorentz's force law, we were more comfortable using the analogies that involved the traditional model of the flow of electrons through a wire and we thought that at the quantum level this was a problem reserved for theoretical physicists. But when trying to solve problems involving electromagnetic induction, radio waves, etc. I clearly felt I had to deepen my knowledge and delve into how things really work. I only regret that, 22 years ago, I did not have access to explanations of this level, because when I finished the engineering degree I had more doubts than when I entered the course.
I'm very happy to see a followup video to this, because a set of people took your first video as gospel, and never saw any of the followup material. That said, you got close to, but never pulled this back to something people are familiar with again which I'd like to address. The disconnected wire simulation shows this quite well - The entire setup is a broadcasting and receiving antenna with extra stuff at the ends that eventually completes a loop, simply missing the circuitry to transmit additional information. If the initial question that created this discussion had been "How long does it take for a radio receiver to see a signal from a transmitter 1 meter away", then the 1 meter answer would always have been the clear answer. You obscured this point by putting focus on the amount of power received, because anyone with even a passing understanding of radio knows that power is sent through the air electromagnetically, but it's quite weak compared to the input power.  I feel that drawing this comparison is a much more natural way to understand the subject at hand.
The Poynting vectors are still strongest inside the wires though?
Tldr: science vs engineers
Hahah it's allll relative. In 1970, 4mA would be "Leakage Current." In 2022, Leakage current is generally 100nA-50uA depending
all the misconceptions lead me to believe you didnt really listen to the responses... b/c at least electroboom mentioned all this.. and no one watchign the video assumed any of the misconceptions you listed ... wtf???
This video clarified what was going on in the first video.  Thanks for adding to it.
Wasted opportunity. Should have bet someone $10,000.
Awesome, to me this is the most beautiful part of youtube, where there's debate and conversation driven by a desire for understanding.
The key thing is that the immediate current is not the same as the final current after the signal going the full lenght of circuit. Before that it works like an antenna that transmits higher frequencies from the voltage step. The reason wireless transmission works is because it uses alternating current, so those parasitic capacitances between the wires charge one way and the other repeatedly and the charges oscillate in place. Your goal was to change the common intuition of electricity and I understand that it created some confusion. At first I also wasn't sure what is going on, but when I watched other videos I understood the missing capacitors and connection to an antenna, which explained it to me.
🤔 so my physics teacher lied to me all these years 😱
so it all boils down to induction as shown in 13:50. sorry Derek, but this is stupid and misleading, because in that case, its not about the cirkuit at all, you are now explaining how induction works. omg
New title: "I invented electricity, and you're using it right now!"
great video, very interesting
Mind blown!!
Congratulations for accepting the truth.
To kick it up a notch; Is this how suns in the universe works ?  If you scale down to the cosmic perspective. The Amount of light coming from that red LED could be enough to light any tiny aspects of life.  Could it be or could it not be? I need an answer if anyone can chip in.     P.S : I don’t know why this ideas came to me upon watching this video to the end. But somehow I just had to ask.
Nikola has entered chat
Thank you for clearing up that it's the location of the switch which determines the propagation time to the "bulb", not the battery (whose location is essentially irrelevant).
God I enjoyed this video more than any other electrical courses I have took in my Btech❤
I spoke with an electrician who got a shock from an unconnected circuit. After he investigated he learned another circuit was running parallel to his that was "live".  Apparently it's common and you have to be aware of long circuits picking up on the magnetic field near by.
This one is much easier to understand, i love the shepherd analogy
Just for clarification: 1m / c* = 1m/ 299 792 458 m/s = 1/299 792 458  second Where c - light speed
wow! i didn't know that the fields were responsible for channeling the electrons through the branches of a circuit. At some point i thought that the electrons had brains and they would communicate with each other to find out how much should actually flows. Thanks Derek!!
I remember being taught these concepts with similar examples in my electronic engineering classes and while everything you said is true I still think that your answer is wrong. You cannot compare the transient current with the one once the circuit has reached stability because it's  negligible in comparison. It's a great topic but the question was definitely ill placed, especially along with your original battery/light bulb example. I liked the follow up much more than the original video anyway.
I have led's in my home that will not shut off fully.  After watching both episodes this explanation makes sense as to why now.
I love the YouTube science community and how y'all work so well at checks and balances.
About the lightsecond long wire video, will the light bulb still light up after 1/c seconds if your light bulb was 1/2 a lightsecond away from you?
I think this video finally joined a bunch of things I knew together.  I feel illuminated on how electricity works now.
Hitting "do not recommend" on this failed Vsause wannabe.
Yoo ,this is getting interesting... Let me have a popcorn
It realy sounds like elektrobooms explanation. Just adding him saying it never turns off is just leaving away he already explained all of this.
Mind the gap.
My man alpha Phoenix got his well deserved shout out
You nailed it again.
Me and the bois watching a bunch of professional having a great discussion on electric physics, and have zero clue at all.
Goes to show how vital accuracy in science is, also in phrasing a theory, or even a hypothesis.
You are right, but I still disagree on one thing. The thing is that you say that it's not the electrons that carry energy, it's the field. But there is no field without electrons, which influence the field. The initial low current is due to electric and magnetic fields, but as we see it is significantly lower than the current that is delivered by the electrons "traditional" flow through wire. Plus the light bulb would have no chance of lighting up if the traditional flow wasn't possible, because with no way for electrons to flow there is no way for them to influence electromagnetic field through their movement. So technically speaking, the current would start to flow through the light bulb after a time  1m/c, but i wouldn't say it would light up the light bulb, and saying that well, if you took an LED instead of light bulb is kinda cheating, because the question was about a light bulb, which lights up only after sufficient current flows through it (again, after the bulb wire heats up, which also takes some time). In conclusion, you are kinda right: about the fact that the current would flow almost instantly. What is wrong in my opinion is the initial riddle by being imprecise. Also, saying that poyting vector IS the flow of energy is kinda wrong, because it's just a imaginary tool that shows us the direction of the energy flow in a system (it's a useful concept though).
Excellent job 👌 Veritasium
The main takeaways is that you cannot expect to start a video with a thought experiment and not expect it to be the main thing the video is about! Giving an understanding on how to solve the propsed question and then tying it back together with the opening question is what should have happened. And in that way the video was maybe not deceptive but still misleading.
Intuition gets clouded when we live in a highly abstracted universe, the layers of reality and the perception of human mind for simplicity hides the truth
Wow! What if we have 1 lightsecond long wires, but one is broken at the farest end. Then we turn on the circuit and the bulb turns on. Does the bulb turn off one lightsecond later, when electrons find out there's no way through?
misconception 1: electroboom didnt claim that, he explained that it was NOT the electron carrying it.... you're kinda taking a step backwards with this 'misconception' as you say. not the greatest effort towards reputability
I am an electrical engineer, you enlighten my different perspective.
Wow
16:47 i like this explaination
I love that you do things people don’t agree with and you don’t back down. Thank you for being one of my favorite YouTube’s.
Explain how memory is stored in devices
Then how does a battery run out ??
This channel shows how seemingly simple things can be massively complicated
Nicely done!  Clearly the wire is functionally full of electrons at at given moment so when pressure is applied at one end it needs to create room by removing an electron at other end.  Like pushing a pole.  The electron field permeates all of space.
In this experiment, the wires are ~1 ft apart. 1 ft/c is approximately 1ns. Your graph shows 50ns per division. You're not seeing 5V until ~30 ns after the circuit closes, or about the time light would take to travel the 10m length of the circuit. So the graph actually disproves the claim that you get appreciable current at time 1/c. The explanation of what is happening is good, though.
I love this!!! Science is about challenging and questioning everything!!! I’m a Controls Electrician and I am always open for a challenge like this 🤘👍🍻🍺
As someone who is just now getting to electromagnetism in engineering, this was an awesome development to see, can't wait to see you make another just confusing enough video so all the other smart people can correct you and we can all learn a bit more
I think most of the confusion comes from the fact that most peoples intuition for circuits comes from steady state dc circuits. If we reframe the problem as 2 antennae then this result isn’t surprising. If you constantly switch the circuit on and off (like an AC circuit) then I bet more people would understand the result
This is what makes science so much more truthful than all the other approaches, the discourse, the scrutiny, the experimentation and the proving of theories.
If the light goes on regardless of the circuit being closed or not, then how is the circuit relevant?
I think the good side of all that, is that the community is now really digging deep on how electricity actually works, and that awesome! Still, in the original video the assumption that the lamp turns on at any current level is very vague. Assuming that I would say that Electroboom got it right saying that the lamp is always turned on. Also, the experiments and simulations show that initially you only see about a quarter of the source voltage untill the electric field spreads all the way through the circuit, and you have arbitrally decided that you considered that as a "noticeable" current, but had you set the threshold at, let's say, 50% of source voltage and once again your answer is wrong. So my point here is that all of that confusion was generated by improperly defining what you consider as "considerable" current. Damn I love science
What if we mount a wire all around the planet 1 meter avobe geound? It will get power from the earth magnetism?
The electrons probably are moving so fast the "blue light we see " is the impact heat.. and the electrons (in groups to be Visible) then they shoot off in a random direction hitting others with less force until they smooth out.. from the heat generation.. the heat from impact could be making a small magnetic field.. maybe..
I was confused with the last video. Days later I was starting to see reaction/debunking-vids.  Glad you made a correction vid. Hopefully you didn't make any mistakes this time... Much smarter people than me will be the judge of that.
Is this all just a confusing and round about way to talk about electromagnetic induction?
The sleight of hand is the impedance match. Acknowledging that he had to do that means he's in exact agreement with the electroboom video, not a disagreement, and leaning on the vagueness to justify the low initial voltage being 'right' is extremely dishonest.
Finally I got it. All this long waiting for his response😌
19:37 sorry dude, those items were as click bait and not "illustrative puprpose". As expected, some tiny power will be passed "direct way" - maybe enough to power tiny LED, but proper light bulb will only lit after E field propgates along wires.  22:10 all those responses were triggered by false claims in original video (aka "illustrative puprpose"). In the past you made quality vids and you gained wide audience. Now these people got false informatiion. This is clearly not accpeptable, so people flocked to repair all the misconceptions you created.
Incredible adventure. Feels like one of those old stories of scientists going at each other and proving each other wrong with experiments. Beautiful!
winding up electrical/electronic engineers challenging their (miss?) conceptions. Those who think this changes much, I beg to differ, engineering is pragmatism and knowing what to ignore. Mobile phones, power plants, transmission lines are being designed and built every day under huge pressure for cost-effectiveness, we aren't stupid.
Thank you soo much, Derek, Now I got my answer " How do electrons or the "current" know ( well technically not know, have to go) the shortest path in the circuit ( which is the short circuit) it is because of the electric fields..!!
I immediately realize my AP physics C E&M and the four Maxwell equations. When I first understand Maxwell's equations and E field and B field, those terminologies of current, voltage, and resistors in circuit analysis become understandable. I don't need to memorize these features in terminologies anymore and all the circuit's features come out so naturally that I am very really happy to get them.   Thanks for your video. This is the process every engineer shall be seriously taking into account.
First video was deceptive and this follow up only proves it. It should be removed.
OMG dude I have a masters in electrophysics and this video just piles on even more errors.  Your battery electric field is unphysical in that you are assuming that the electric field looks the same with and without wires attached to the poles, but this is entirely wrong. You can simulate the electrostatics easily to show this.  And your argument that electrons don't push on each other inside the wire because of net zero charge density - well they can still be pused and pulled at the ends of the wire and they can all move together in unison, maintaining net zero charge in the wire.
I’ve listened to Rick Hartley‘s talks before watching Derek‘s first video about this and I knew then that he was right. Rick Hartley‘s knowledge is really eye opening!
Personally I feel this video is again somewhat misleading. To repeat my question on the previous video: "Why do we need a thicker cable to send more energy if the energy flows outside of the cable?"   Your suggestion that the circuit does not have to be closed for the light to switch on, though technically correct if certain criteria are met, is only a temporary effect. Their will be a temporary current caused because flipping the switch will change the EM field. A little current will flow to establish a new equilibrium during which the bulb may light up, but it will dim again very quickly. I get the comparison with wireless charging which is caused by induction too, but induction charging is not really a broken circuit. That is, if there is no current through the coil no induction current will be created to charge the phone.   Your trick only works if you put the lines close enough together and they are not properly shielded.
the open wire is actually an antenna?
Honestly, my respect for Derek was falling throughout this video and by 20:00 I wouldn't hesitate call this a stupid magician's trick more than an educational material. This very long video is basically just to explain one single confusion, one single assumption that many of those people predicting different results had and that Derek didn't really mention.  Everyone was trying to answer the question of when the electric field would arrive at the lightbulb along the wire, because they assumed that that's what is needed to light up the lightbulb. Nobody expected that Derek will claim the first, extremely small amount of current that would be sent (*induced) through the air would already count, because nobody expected that it could light up anything. Believe me, most people who were arguing against the first video DO in fact understand the principle of an antenna, which is basically what you took twenty-something minutes not to say.  It's pretty much like if Derek had a cup of water in the first video and asked how long it would take for the floor to get wet if he would turn the cup upside down. After people computing the velocity of the water and all the relevant stuff, he would then come up with a second video saying all the answers are wrong because the floor was already wet, because the air contains water molecules as well.  I know, it's not a perfect simile (it would be much closer if the humidity of the air was caused by the turning of the cup), but it's close enough. It's more of a trick question than anything else, honestly.
I want to believe you, and if you are able to light that same bulb without actually connecting it to the circuit. You win.
Owned
Physicists: *fighting over interpretations of a natural phenomena*  Mathematicians: I missed the part where that’s my problem.
... This just adds validity to the "PFM" model, that electricity is basically magic! You have access to a global network of the collective thoughts and experiences of "us", whatever we may think we are... All in the palms of our hands, using about 3 odd watts of electrons buzzing out in all sorts of ways...
Mehdi been real quite since this video dropped.
awesome!
Essentially, adjacent electrons within the wire repel each other. the electric field outside the wire does not contribute significantly to the energy transfer.
people who have worked as a electrical engineer long enough knows, there is no such thing as DC current or just turning on or off, every current/voltage has a waveform...
Because of all of this Derek we love you more
By not doing so, you learned something, we learned something, they learned something. It's called communication. Mistakes are all learning points...so long as it doesn't kill you.
Heart ??? 😽😽
7:54 hey that was my intro physics textbook!
Ligo scientist awarded for prooving the speed of gravitational field. You should be awarded for this work also.
honestly these responce and discussion videos about the intresting or less discussed areas of science are best part about the scientific community
.
The part about capacitance and transmission lines was what stood out as missing for me in the first video. Great job rectifying this (pun intended). And I guess you got people talking about this way more than if the original video had been "complete" so to speak. So yay? But ended up looking a bit sensationalist, so not something to strive for.
The simulation still shows that the force spreading along the wires and eventually meets where the lamp would be and that is when the lamp would turn on. The forces seen earlier are much weaker as we see in the simulation. It does take time for the magnetic fields to spread and get set up. The earlier effects that spread through space look very different and much weaker than the effects we see after the field has spread throughout the wire...
Pin ?
Ayooo
Ironically, i never thought of it as voltage/current
I liked this a lot because it explains why you don't want electric wires too close to AV wires without some serious insulation.
I think the major misconception is coming from the DC source, the moment the switch connects, the rising current behaves exactly the same as the rising current from an AC source. Any practical demonstration of a tesla coil will more than happily demonstrate what happens to a conductor in proximity to a changing electric field. Practically speaking, the circuit acts under inductive coupling until the circuit reaches DC steady state and the electric field quiesces. One would expect an active flux of photons to be emitted, and unsurprisingly, connecting a reasonably powerful DC circuit will creates noticable RF interference in nearby electronics, e.g. audible amplitude spikes in audio equipment.
Is the effect identical regardless of whether the source voltage is AC or DC?
this answered a lot of questions :) many thanks
Imagine what happend to hummanity if half of the humman died and the died people include all of the people who know this knowledge😂
This is YouTube drama I can get behind
I'm gonna be honest. After the first video I was just completely confused and basically ignored what was said. But after watching this video I actually understand what it's about.
You could invite Electroboom for both of you get electrocuted doing this experiment 😂
I'm a Licensed Electronic Engineer and haven't practiced what I learned in years. Man this is why I loved science!
waiting for ElectroBoom reply 😀😀😀
Happy you referenced alpha Phoenix. He’s an awesome growing youtuber!
Wait, does that mean that I will get electrocuted if I touched the wire adjacent to the wire with the battery while the switch is closed? (In 13:30 of the video) And also, doesn't that mean that if you have 2 separate circuits adjacent to one another, by closing the circuit of one, the current would flow in the other?
So, I was SO hoping you'd follow up your original video and better explain what you meant. Words are slippery, and it's difficult to say anything that everyone will interpret exactly what you meant. I'm starting the video now, so let's see how it goes...  EDIT: Very nice explanation! I finally feel like I understand this stuff better now. And I finally understand why antennas work too!
Bruh nice vid
If we're being pedantic about it, wouldn't the energy be transferred by the field *carriers*? So in this case photons.
You short circuited the electric field of me brain....
22 minutes ago
Excellent...Many flash backs came from my Electronic Engineering times 😅🙏
This was an amazing follow up video, much more intuitive than the last 10/10
Oh wow, it's been 5 months already? i was pretty satisfied with AlphaPhoenix's experiment, but this is way better attempt than the last time so... good job! It's funny how oversimplifying things can lead to interesting content being churned out, such as the way of learning science; it's fun. EDIT: 15:10 just call it "skin effect"
19:00 "after a few ns" is not what you claimed. 1m/c is. At 1m, thats 3.3ns. Look where your voltage is after 3.3ns. The time between two vertical bars on the scopes grid is 50ns. The voltage after 1m/c you measured yourself is negligible, just like the youtubers you refer to told you.  edit: btw is your oscilloscope the same distance to both of your measurement points? :P
Now do wardenclyffe tower!
Can't wait Electroboom to reply
❤️
Justice for Electric Fields
Well at least some people can admit when they are wrong.
🤣
love the content keep it up.
I feel everyone who followed the story is better of BECAUSE your initial video wasn't "perfect" whatever that means. So many other videos were created, so many different POVs were detailed. I would recommend you NEVER make a perfect video! Please keep bringing those "controversies" as much as you can!
My brain popped. I’m too old. Something. Could you make a cartoon and instead of graphs use rope and chairs. I see someone like bugs bunny using things around the farm to show Sam how it works. I love your videos. I will watch again. But would love the child version of this.
I work in the film industry. I am used to working with hundreds of amps to power thousands of watts of light. How does this knowledge affect me? Does this ramp up with more amps or is it the same regardless of the amount of power?
Man your videos are next level. Both on the info and entertainment.  I'm also starting to think you have invented a new way to troll YouTube. Veritasium, trolling physics and engineering youtubers with knowledge.
Solve the “double slit experiment” next.
Hi
please explain.: |````````````````````````````````````1X````````````````````````````````````````|  |                                                                                                 2X (1 meter) |_________________________|i__/  _________________________|                                               1000 meters if you click switch... lamp number 1 will switch in 1/c, and lamp number 2 will turn on later then 1 lamp? in 500/c ?
AlphaPhoenix  already did the experiment before you, but in a much bigger although still smaller than the proposed expereiment. He also did the experiment with cut ends which gives even more insight then the one you proposed
Way better explanation compare to the first video. I commented there and asked for computer simulations regarding the subject and I'm glad that you showed a bunch of them this time. very revealing.  But I repeat part of my previous comment here: as my limited understanding the concept of energy is not as fundamental as Fields and Particles, therefore arguing around it doesn't have to seems "Logical" all the time by our common sense! It is just how those fields behave!
Very happy to be a mechanical engineer!
I think these types of videos are modern scientific article publishings and you had peer review and then opportunity to update knowledge. If only there was a specific scientific streaming service instead of YouTube.
Speaking of 'what came about', wheres them 20 million trees?
Incredibly well done!
Great job doing a follow-up, it was needed 👏  🙌 👍
Test
Very well clarified. I knew the answer was fundamentally right thanks to my expertise in EM fields, glad you took the time to explain all the details in a follow up video. One small note: whoever was in charge of drawing the circuits at 16:26 did a very bad job. Those symbols do not resemble inductors at all.
bro broke physics youtube with that previous video . everybody was wylin fr .
Go and watch the video Quantum Fields by David Tong.
The model introduces at 16:24 with inductances is not complete. These are only self inductances and thus don't couple the magnetic field between the wires as one can seen because there are no inductances present on the bottom wire but the model for the wires need to be symmetric. You have to have respective inductances also on the bottom wire and a coupling factor between the inductance pairs (upper - lower).
mind officially blown.
There is a way for electricity to travel 199% the speed of light!   Want to know?  :). Theoretically impossible?
It's all fields? 🌍           👨‍🚀🔫👨‍🚀 Always has been.
What an incredible age to live in that we can find such thorough lessons at our fingertips FOR FREE that probably wouldn't even be properly addressed in a classroom setting.  AND we can also get a response to everyone's criticisms which completely and thoroughly addresses EVERY SINGLE ONE.  Bravo to you and your whole team. I live for this sh*t.
ben watson is the perfect name for an electrical engineer
Shows us that what the pretty boy of physics says matters more to the world than what scientists with massive credentials have to say. It's kind of sad that visibility is more important than anything else.
nice
Isn't this whole thing just an over examination of induction? The small voltage seen in the top wire when the switch closes is just the induction from the change in the current from the lower wire. It is very small and doesn't make sense to say that it would turn on the bulb. You would size your battery to have the voltage required by the bulb (a 12v battery for a 12v bulb), and the voltage given by the induction would be just a fraction of that, not enough to actually power it on visibly. Also, since it is not alternating current, the change in current only happens when the switch closes and thus the induction would stop very soon after that. Alpha Phenix's video shows this, when he does the experiment with the circuit cut at the curve of the wires.
Best part of this experiment is the open dialogue. Such a pity we don't have that open dialogue about other very important topics at the moment.
Absolutely brilliant.  Well done 👍
thanks veritasium for your great videos. its very good to see that you are dedicated to your videos and feedback to doubts. It shows that your great videos are used by many people as a reference.
Your video was a success in terms of the huge and very cool conversation it started.
I could be easier if associate the same phenomenon than electric transformer. I mean, it is basically the same principle, just without coils.
lol veritasium can’t post anything anymore without catching heat lol
You just blew up my mind ....🤯🤯🤯🤯
Derek thanks bro, it's very very clear now! And now I have a video that I can come to when I forget how electricity truly works and to show people rather then explaining poorly, keep up the great work!!!
Now people appreciates tesla huh.
18:32 CONFUSION HERE  Derek I have learnt alot from your vids.... but I have a question/confusion on this one.... if it was up to the fields that generated current in resistance near the switch, why would the scope be needed to probed to the wire? wouldn't it show the signals without even probing with the other wire?...
Electricity and Magnetism was the only class in my Physics degree that I didn't get an A.  As a Physicist, I'm still trying to understand it, lol!
This feels like you are moving the goal posts a little bit. Basicly you just confirm what others have already responded to your first video. Your initial description was misleading and the sneery comment about how thought experiments work does not do justice to the insightful responses you got from the people you featured in the video.
why do the cables on the experiment look so weird ? can someone explain pls. they are so thick
0:21  20:43  this slaps to every media responces thinking great after clearing Derek's first vid as totaly "MISSLEADING"
Oliver Heaviside would be proud! Well done! You helped prove (solidify) the Quantum Kinetic Well(tm)  USPTO: 11,233,421
I love watching your videos but every time I watch one I realize how ignorant I am.
Let's see what Mehdi say after this
See this is why you never buy a house sitting next to power lines.
13:30 isn't this how antennas work?
Here we go again!  Lol
Using high enough voltage everything is a conductor (even air and earth), imagine using it for charging things on large distances or those death rays on other side of planet called guided lightnings :D
This is a great example of pursuing truth with grace and humility. It would be real easy to dig in to a mistake or simply to ignore it and move on. But its okay to make a mistake or unclear claim so long as you are willing to listen to counter claims and have the courage to demonstrate not only where you were wrong but where you have grown through the process. Sometimes our greatest opportunities for growth come through correction.   I really appreciate how this culture of back and forth is emerging on YouTube. That way, we also can continue to appreciate contributions from people with greater expertise without falling into believing something to be true just because a certain personality made the claim. These, again humble and open, exchanges remind us that truth is outside of ourselves. We need each other to discover it.   Well done.
I am sorry, I don't get it. 3:05 How can the electrons in the lattice exceed the speed of light by such a great ratio? (Please clarify it for me guys)
So the battery's only job is to create electric fields? If so would resistance be defined the same?  But i still disagree Also there must be a flowing current to induce another current in a secondary wire. If the circuit is broken, then the bulb will definitely not glow
Mentally I'll just stick with "electrons push each other" - because the concept of surface charge is actually hard to grasp.
That is a lot of money sitting on that stepladder.
That is science live and in-the-happening: An explanation was not fully clear and the end result is knowledge. By me, by everyone watching this video. I now understand why this elusive "electro-smog" is a thing (literally the countless fields being switched on and off all around us and factually interacting with us) - it also makes me realize that having properly working electronics at all is not a given - as they all interfere with each other constantly.
👏 Bravo... well said... You should read the book, "The Flying Sorcerers" by David Gerrold and Larry Niven.
Holy crap man. Talk about a peer reviewed YouTube channel. People are ready to jump on your videos at any second lol
Dont knock yourself...if your original video was 100% complete,  we would have been denied hours of entertaining and informative videos from the challenges we all saw and enjoyed... well done for this conclusion ! 👏
So this is what Tesla was talking about right? On his theory on sharing electricity between open spaces? On the animation where you show the electric field affecting the unconnected wire the same way it affected the connected one, if one were to put a bulb on it would it light up, not at all or not enough?
So why doesn't ALL of the current  transmit immediately? You said only like 15%? Is it because the wires help guide the other 85% ?
Fantastic video Derek ─ minds were blown, horizons expanded and global knowledge took a leap forward!
This is the best smackdown video I have ever witnessed. Awesome work mate never doubted you!
I was wondering about the magnetic field induction. This video cleared that out too. Thanks.
Here we go again
I just love this channel ❤️
This was a very interesting take on the subject, super interesting.... but you do have one aspect wrong....  Voltage does not instantly mean current. You should have measured to see the current pulse, because it would have been lagging. Esp when u consider that you can have voltage across a circuit and an imaginary current along with a real current componant. Your pulse would have had a phase difference.
THIS WAS GOING ON FOR AGES. Now if you cannot make it short and concise you do not have a clue. And its you
Belleza! De esto se  trata la ciencia.
For simply it says curent does not transmit power,power is transmits by electric feild,if electrons transmits power electricity bill should calculate on how many electrons transmitts through home😂,and also the guys who does not understand first video does not understand this too😂  Everyone things they arw intelligent in one way so they will not agree with true science
Well done!
team veritasium <3
first video i thought he was trying to say electricity isnt a thing and there is a completely different thing in there, in this one it seems like hes just explaining a big misconception about where the electrons (electricity simplyfying it) get their energy from something else than we think they do  also hey aint most batteries (the small kind we see in the video) chemical?  so ill just still use the simple version cos this is a riddle like none ever to me
What I don't get is how the charge on the surface on the wire happens. Why is the surface of the wire charged?
Naughty mister veritasium?
*big mindfuck*
This is genius
I am still very confused. If wires only direct the propagation of electric fields that exist around the surface of the wire, then what is the purpose of wire insulation. Also how are the topics discussed in this video distinct from traditional conceptions of the inductive properties associated with the magnetic feilds created by the flow of current, and why would you need to understand the electric fields in the way described (outside the wire) to expect the conclusion proposed in the thought experiment? Wouldn't traditional induction lead you to the conclusion anyways, or are you just explaining why induction works?
What are maxwells equations like in a bolt of lightning or a taser?
I know this was supposed to be about electricity and that was great too but so much more  to learned  if you were paying attention excellent work.
Why dont our appliances turn on randomly then? if we live in close proximity? i guess i dont get it fully do electrons know what circuit theyre a part of?
I really wish we could just kill the term "speed of light". Speed of causality is so much more appropriate.
So... Tesla was right?
Admitting mistakes and moving forward in the interest of progress - this is the YouTube way
The Next Nikola Tesla
Ok so basically you stated everything wrong. When flipping a switch a current gets induced into the other wire making a small amount of current until the feild can travel along the actual wire. Simple as that.
Wait what? Who pointed out that 1/c seconds was not accurate but 1m/c was? Ok, maybe not everyone is a scientist and cannot convert units on the go but come on! I mean: c is expressed in meters a second ok? So 1(m) / c(m/s) = 1/c (s), it's the same thing! Again, not everyone is a scientist but I mean...
I love it Derek points out once more how easy it is to mistake heuristics we have developed, whether it be Newtonian mechanics or description of electric circuits with macroscopic, generalized quantities, for the basic laws underlying the phenomena.  The former are only valid within well defined domains, whereas the latter are applicable "universally".  Kudos for another wonderful video!
A video worthy of my like.
Ask questions, get answers, ask more questions. This is how science, and I love it.
Respect !!! Derek.
🗿
still some debate if it's the magnetic field or the electric field providing the energy... verisatium should just say the electrons are vibrating due to the fields
@veritasium Well you have also exposed the reason we need the opportunity for misinformation and the challenge… this is why it’s important to have an open dialogue on every medium. Science, relationships, health and politics are all hanging in the balance.    The wrong answer might just be the most important question to ask. - Delanez
The Physics based explanation at 5 minutes is at the same time a gross oversimplification and an unnecessary complication. You can't just assume electrons to be point particles and then talk about their effect on the overall field and claim it to be homogenous. Describing electrons as wavefunctions makes much more intrinsic sense when looking at how electric fields propagate around charge carriers. Following on from this, the constant reference to transfer of kinetic energy from moving electrons colliding with nuclei seems strange as universities would use language such as interact, as there is no tenable collision between the two bodies. Should an electron truly collide with a nucleus one would see the phenomenon of "electron capture". In a wire, this wouldn't happen as the weak force would forbid it. It is also not very useful to use terms such as "essentially the speed of light" when you're discussing events that occur around the speed of light, as you're discounting the entire timeframe of said event.  Lastly, why are we attempting to describe potential with sheep and sheepdogs when the use of a gravity analogy works much better and more concisely. The lightbulb is a dam, the wires are rivers above and below the dam and the battery is a pump that raises the water's potential but pumping it uphill. The whole analogy used in this video is claiming that the electrons do not transfer the energy, however, without electrons in the system, there is no energy transfer. I believe Derek has become confused by the wave particle duality of electrons. You can't have a river without water and you can't have an electric field without a source of charge.  It's a strange hill to die on. Everyone knows that electrical fields propagate from their source and that you could get energy out of the field by having charges (or a wire) within it. I don't understand the need to have a circuit at all when you could just use a capacitor to demonstrate the same effect then you don't have to worry about such small timeframes.
21:05 yes! YOUR CONFIDNCE !!!!! get a grip on it !!!
If there were 2 of these circuits right by each other, and we switch one on, would both lights turn on, but the not-connected light would turn off after 1m/c seconds?
I don't think people were doubting the explanation, just the oversimplifications and inaccuracy of the explanation itself. For example, you say that that what carries the energy is not electrons, but the electric field. However, what you're failing to express is that the electric field is created by the surge or electrons (change in flux due to the electrons moving). This electric field, created by the electrons, is causing the electrons near the load to carry the energy to the bulb. So by this model, the electrons are in fact carrying the energy; not continuously through the circuit, but carrying energy nonetheless.
It's amazing how something so widely can be so misunderstood as the fundamental level.  Thinking of the wires as a conduit to direct the field is really fascinating.  I'd love to see these kinds of simulations with a magnetic solenoid coil.
The eductaion system should be totally dismantled and recreated from the ground up with a vastly different approach guided by vastly different intent. Almost anything would be better than what currently exists, it's an absolute disgrace
Fantastic
Lol that's the same scopes we use at our school
I think the main word that the original video was missing was "antenna". We all know about radios having big wires that get a bit of current from a circuit that aren't connected to them. Change the question to involve a lightbulb and people forget!
So basically you are talking about the usually negligible electromagnetic induction (unless designed to not be negligible like in transformers or something)
It's always funny to me when professionals think Derek is incorrect about something haha
impossible to be more boring
Thanks.  Excellent science...
14:10 I still take some issue with how you responded to that point in particular. Most people that took issue with your original video (including me) are well aware that antennas exist and so knew that some energy would be transmitted directly from the switch, through free space and to the load. BUT the crucial point is that the way you presented it, it seemed as if you were saying that the Poynting vector would mainly or at least with a serious magnitude point directly away. You can clearly see that this is not the case in this simulation, the Poynting vector is highly localized around the conductor. Which brings me to yet another point, the initial assumption assumed (near) ideal conductors, this would even further localize the Poynting vector around the conductor with a minuscule magnitude Poynting away from it towards the load.  So the way you should have said it is that the majority of the energy is not just transmitted through free space but rather it is mainly localized around the conductor, with a very small part being transmitted directly through free space towards the load.
I really appreciate your impact. Scientifically right or wrong I'm not smart enough to know, but it's still 100000000000000x times better than the kardashians
I passed physics 2 without truly ever understanding what fields and flux were. Thank you for this.
Well, you addressed the more technical misunderstandings. However I see the big push against what you said not necessarily related to these, but also because you said that "school lied" (and that is a quote). Going by that concept even here you lied. Electrons are not some floaty balls as you illustrate...
You can't consider the original video a failure. Proper explanation or not. It induced (teehee) conversation. Conversation breeds change, and change causes evolution. I argue that the evolution it caused is more valuable than the actual content of either video individually, or combined. Also this does not come from a place of optimism. I am not a half full or empty kind of guy, because it is the language describing the state before that didctates either.
Regarding the broken circuit case: you're assuming a charge potential exists across the switch to the free section of wire, but this charge is not guaranteed to exist or to be any particular value, so it's not strictly analogous to the case of a free section of wire next to an unbroken circuit.  IF the free section of wire was initially hooked up to the circuit long enough for the charges to settle, and then the circuit was broken in a way that the static charge did not dissipate, this is when you'd see the movement of charges identical to the unbroken circuit case until the field changes hit the break in the wire and reflect back.
One understatement here is that Electric fields seem to originate out of the source, QFT would state that the fields exist in all space and what you depict is the excitation on an already existing field. This to me is the most mind bending conclusion, that energy comes out of what already exists all around us but requires gradients to produce usable energy.
Now what is really going to bake your noodle is asking yourself was he was purposely vague on the units and other details in order to stir controversy and drive engagement? We know from previous videos he likes to tickle the algorithm...
Man, the pucker factor of bringing that oscilloscope up the ladder. That thing can't be cheap.
I think the part which didn't come across clearly enough in the first video was that the resulting quickly induced current at the lightbulb is (roughly) decreased by the square of the distance from the battery, and (as noted in this update) is not dependent the full circuit being complete. That would have been more intuitive to grasp immediately (vis-a-vis the parallel to inductive charging).
By the way, if you don't know Alpha Pheonix yet, go check him out. Guy deserves your love.
Lol damn, Medhi also lives rent free in my head.
No wonder I was so confused in physics whenever electricity came up. I was always misunderstanding it, and generally hated it because of that. The whole “electrons flowing like a river”, how “electrons don’t flow negative to positive”, then the whole “left hand rule”, and fields and capacitors etc etc. Everything electrical which was taught to me felt like a mess off ideas. And only now, 5 years after finishing my education, do i actually understand electricity top to bottom, without feeling that there’s been some contractions!
Mind blown.  Loving this discussion across all the channels.
Great video. Good that you spend so much time and effort into improving the original story so the point your trying to make comes acrous. Now I believe the story much more myself. However, can you increase the extremely low FPS in this video? The video parts are flashing frames, making my eyes hurt. I'm not sure if it's the 24fps or some mismatch while editing. But would be amazing if it was more. Thanks, and keep up the great work!
HAM's will find the explanation very "familiar" - lots of "similarities" with antennas and ladder feed lines
30 years ago I saw a design for a controlled current distribution antenna that looks a whole lot like the circuit being described with the capacitors. it was in an ARRL antenna book.
Now for a more fun answer make a video of a time domain reflectometer using the field changes to see impedance changes. Interesting follow ups why is audio cable600 ohms the 550 impedance is a clue.🥸
Giving the benefit of the doubt here, but did you check the effectiveness of whatever was used as insulators on the towers? The results we see could also be seen if the conductors were not insulated properly on the towers.
It's so heartening to see everyone work on the same problem and arrive at the same conclusion through all these different ways. Makes me hopeful for the future!
Lol, schools teached us lies.
i still didint understand
so its just electricity is generated from moving magnetic field??
I love it so much! Everything in this video.
I still did not understand the flow of electrons, do electrons flow across atoms or do they just transfer the charge from one atom to another.
And here I am making fun of my girlfriend for being into auras. Electric fields sure feel a lot like auras.
Amazing man! I don't know how you simplify such complex concepts. You have changed science on YouTube
When the wire is disconnected from the circuit wouldn’t the surface charges not exist and therefore the bulb wouldn’t light
This video was a MUCH clearer explanation of these concepts than your original one
great vid!  I love Alpha Phoenix' channel too.  Dudes got big brains, just like you!
You still have a pretty large misconception: you have assumed that electrons are objects. In reality a "single electron" can exists all the way through the circuit,  because in conductors there are delocalized electrons. But the "single electron concept" is a faulty assumption in itself. If you assume that electrons are objects with each with their own probability distribution in space, and you also assume that the Pauli exclusion principle holds, you can solve the Shrödinger equation in matter. The results are really enlightening, because  it turns out that the solution, the electron cloud, is actually _independent_ of how you mix the electrons (mixing as in multiplying them with an orthogonal or unitary matrix). Electrons similar to photons only behave as discrete objects if you force them with an experiment. Inside the conductor, they have free reign, so much that not even nature can tell which electron has bumped into the given atom, because they are fundamentally not being distinguished.
reminds me of Bonini paradox lol @veritasium
This is a great example of Cunningham's law. Sure, the details and technicalities were the reason for the responses but the veracity and amount of responses is just great. Well done everyone, I love learning!
Thanks so much!
For some reason it bothers me that "Electrons moving on average the radius of a proton" is visualized as moving a fraction of the radius of an electron.
As an engineer myself I found both videos really interesting and a good reminder that Ohm's law is not the be all and end all. I will still use Ohm's law in designing and fault finding though. 😅👍
As we move toward 1-3 nm transistors I feel like more accurate information may be our best way to move forward with technology.  It will be interesting to see how we get past this wall.  whether we will figure out laser cpu's or some other technology.
i can feel that there is a field of respect building up!
Teaching us more than, "How Electricity Actually Works" with this video!
Great visualization of current being about mass flow and not speed. 😁  One further error to correct from a battery engineer: there is a difference between current induced by a field and current generated from an electrochemical battery. You show the electrons passing through the battery, but in most batteries we use at home, electrons are drained from the anode material and deposited at the cathode, with whole ions moving around in internal fluid to balance the charge. While this doesn't affect the speed of the electron, the voltage and current are heavily dependent on the potency of the overall reaction and movement speed of these balancing ions.
i dont understand a thing but i stll finish the vid LOL!
so if we consider a single atom wire, what we will get is a pulsed transfer of energy but in the case of long wire this pulses are random which cancels out and what we get is a continuous transfer of energy called current? is that right
so humble and intelligent, you dont see such people much these days.. god bless <3
This comment section is really great it honestly impresses me
Wow very interesting... it's 3 am
Nice follow-up. You just forget to apologise for calling teachera liers in the First thumbnail of the vídeo which statted something like "the lie we have been taught". Tanks Alpha Phoenix for the besta video on the subject.
So I can't be the only one who wasn't listening carefully and imagined the circuit as circular:  With the implication that the switch and load were much further apart than 1 meter.   I guess that point should've been stressed/repeated more...That the load and switch are close together.
Points for computational electromagnetics!
Here before he changes the thumbnail.
At this point discussions should only be accepted from people with a physics PhD on electromagnetism. Fun is fun but you cannot respond to everything.
I was talking about the original video with some people yesterday. Then you released this...
So what is the difference between a magnetic field and electric field?
I watched the Alpha Phoenix video shortly after it came out and I think it was brilliant, it really explains the concepts very well
In this video he assumes that a common misconception is that people think that a single electron will travel through the entire wire. But why not refer that a lot of people do no think this way? I see a lot of people thinking of a "sea" of electrons that move slightly but more importantly are "pressurized" by the battery (similar to a fluid) and transmit that energy to the components. That misconception is the fault of online simulators. Your example again is of a transmission line.
I was left a bit mystified by the last video like many others, but this cleared it up wonderfully! Great animations, diagrams, explanations, and real experiment!  As you say, I'm glad you've spurred on some nice discussion here :) Just what I needed after the Mould vs Electroboom chain effect saga!
This is one of the best videos on all of the internet.
Electrons don't 'bump into atoms' in the filament. Electrons aren't like small snooker balls bumping into large snooker balls. When you try to dispel a misconception, don't create another one.
Isn't this this basically an AC transformer?
Can't wait for the replies to this one.  :: cooks popcorn ::
Thanks for making this clear! It bugged me a little bit...
2 words "tesla coil" electric field and not moving electrons does give a better perspective
Love this non-apology.
Please clarify... would adding a disconnected wire/metal rod, equidistant and parallel, on the other side of the source, show an equal initial voltage spike (millivolts)?
I wish we had teachers like him...
So summarized in a sentence... the wires start acting as antennas, both for sending as well as receiving current, right?
This will create more controversies.💥
I did feel quite confused in the previous video (I actually thought at one point that it was a random prank). This video feels better
Get ready for electroboom!
I love this. This is what science and engineering is. Putting out a thesis/experiment and having it reviewed.  Then revisited and tested! Love it
I'm too stoned for this.
Mic drop in this rap battle of engineers
great video
I’ll take “What is Quantum Mechanics?” for $200 Alex
Loved the video!!! The spirit of doing real Science! 😃
Everyone agrees what it does, not everyone agrees what the result means. The definition of 'turned on' wasn't clear from the start.
Thank you for providing this follow up video. I still disagree with your first video though. Your first video was like me stating I could totally knock out Mike Tyson back in his prime. Your second video is like me stating given Mike Tyson is sufficiently restrained I could totally knock him out back in his prime using an aluminum bat. While the first statement/video should of been more general and include the case of second (thus widely accepted), people have to make basic assumptions on what was meant by it. Without sufficient context/explanation, we simply couldn't agree with you.
This has been so fun to watch. Actual scientific discourse, theory AND experiment, happening in real time. ❤️
Some of us EE's were taught at schools that included full electric field theory, and while understanding your original video, it was still misleading even to those with a complete understanding. So we had to  complain, because it would clearly lead to false conclusions by those with less than complete electric field theory understanding.  This new video now fixes all of the problems that existed with the original video and we can all return to eating pizza and drinking beer.   :-)
This is my favorite YouTube drama series
I love this miniseries. I have been so confused by electric flow for years, trying repeatedly to understand the basic "how do electrons push each other without adding additional electrons?" without realizing the question itself was wrong because the explanation was wrong. I think with this I can finally start wrapping my head around the topic. Thank you!
19:47 - Seriously. Is that stock footage of someone instructing another person on how to screw in a lightbulb?
Thanks for the follow-up video, this made it all clear to me
watched the whole thing even though i didnt understand a second of it
Why do we need to connect the light bulb to the wire?
So, this has been bothering me for a while, but... What are voltage, current and resistance really? Is voltage the external "shepherd dogs", current the internal "sheep" and resistance the protons they keep bumping into?
6:29 how do we know this???
Well Done. Keep up the great work! \^o^/
what would happen if the cabels would be sheldeld so no electric fels could escape?
In the first video, you tried to make everything sound as magical as possible, when you should have eventually shown the two parallel, unconnected wires, which would have put the video in context to how this is usually taught, like the induced current between parallel Infinite wires with Biot-Savart Law
Brb, gotta buy a new brain to replace my fried and utterly blown one…
Well .... Maxwell equations are the base .. But lumped models runs the whole world of electricity ...
Nikola Tesla was right about the possibility of large scale wireless energy transfer. I hope someone crazy enough would continue his legacy and build another “Tesla Tower” with modern tech and solving the efficiency issues.
I’ve been waiting for this
You are all missing something.  This is part of the same mystery that quantum physics and relativity theories are trying to reconcile.  Great video though!
Your animator is God tier.
The first video, the responses and this one have one thing in common: I understood none of them.
Im glad you set this debate in motion. Just like your video to the wind powered vehicle that can travel faster than the wind, all the clarifications and additional explanations you had to make help me understand and remember the topic. Great Work!
That you for provoking thought and exercising science.  This helps us all.
It's how super sayian and superman's invulnerability is explained.
And now the same experiment with AC please ;)
So every circuit board engineer knew this already, am I correct?
Big respect for all the efforts you have done as well as those brillant minds did
All good with the resistor... Bt what happens with a led? is it the same process? or kind of diffrent because the electrons jumping of of energy level inside the semiconductor?
i feel Mr. Veritasium couldn't sleep until this was done.
Wish they show the open circuit graph effects the wire...
I finally understand how sheep herding works. Thanks Derek! Thanks Ben!
What?
As a software developer getting deeper into electronics this topic and all the arguments/explanations have been very educational.
1 h nice
How did you still manage to get this wrong :(
When I was seven, I asked my dad if I wire running from here to Pluto would turn on a light switch before light from a flashlight here did. He just said, "huh... That's a really good question."
This project was as intriguing as Steve Mould's chain fountain project. Awesome interaction and debate between scientific figures. Looking forward to seeing more of this wonderful content.
10:20 begins the most concise description of the concept electrodynamics. this man is a modern philosopher.
Me after 5 minutes:...brain melted....huh?
So most of the energy is transferred via EM field only if the wire is 1 meter away. But in most use cases, most energy is transferred via the wire. Though transferred via the wire really means the EM fields around the wire itself. I still think part of your first video was misleading. Energy does travel along the wires from the power plant to your home, it's just that in some situations more energy tends to travel across an air channel when the wires lengths are huge and distance short. For shorter lines like in your home, the effect is negligible.
Massive respect to you Sir massive respect. Simplified even the most complex Physics problems for noob viewers like me. Love you and all your videos <3
Thank you! With this knowlege, I can create a pocket EMP! GGS!
Here before this gets 10 trillion views
Maybe you can define what c is.
Thx Derek! This was a great video to teach us about electricity
Nikola Tesla: "Bruh ... I tried to tell you this 100 yrs ago 🥲"
Waiting for Sabine Hossenfelder to tell me what's really going on.
didn't expect first two misconceptions exist at all lol
Science students get taught the fundamentals, in this case Maxwell’s Equations, then do to economics and generalizations we forget about them by using short cuts that usually work. Mother nature never “forgets”. It does what it does whether humans exist or not. Imagine that…
He woke up and did NOT chose violence 😂 Be like him😂
Can someone clarify something for me ....   The current example has the light / pd and switch on the long sides of the circuit, if the potential difference and the switch and on the short sides of the circuit, then it would take longer for the initial pulse to reach the light. The light now being further away from the switch.    Does this mean that if the switch and light were 1 light second away, the light would go on 1 light second after the switch but before the current had made it through the wires?  Assuming i've got this right, my question is, in the real world the light would never go on because of the residence in the 300,000km long wires.  I feel I've almost got my head around this problem, but i just can't "see the light" - sorry couldn't resist the puns.
Ha ha Derek is smarter than you. Now lets build some houses next to power transmission lines and substations.
I do think you should have perhaps elaborated in your last video to the degree you did in this one. Unless your intention was to create a discussion with other science Youtubers who felt your explanation was inadequate. But good job on explaining this time.
My boy veritasium bout to set the record straight for the haters, 😎
As I pointed out in the last video, I think the main sticking point was, while your explanation is correct, it didn't make it clear enough that the electrons flowing through the wire are not just pawns that have no role in the energy transfer, but that their flow enables the creation of the charge distribution and current that create the fields that in turn transfer the energy. If the electrons were not flowing all the way through the wire, they would stop where the wire stopped and then lead to the creation of a charge and current distribution that would create a field that didn't transfer any energy, at least after the first moments.  So the electron flow is still vitally important for explaining the process, not just a passive side effect.
You're very humble for a man who just proved he was right all along. Well done.
I've been waiting for this video for long, thank you Derek.
Everything is one & one is everything ❤️
Oh yea now I understand lol. I'ma go back to the wood working channels now.
I need to explain you why don't always a electric field propagate in the straight lines?, simple answer is that they cannot, only a conductive material alow a electric current to propagate, so your clearing is full of confusion.
Yess, alpha Phoenix
Genius boy 🎁
Well done
This was so good, I understood nothing
I was very positively shocked by your video and I real thought "yes, definitely make sense". But the only thing I'm still not a 100% sure about is:  Do electrons actually flow?  Do they "just" swing around and transporting the energy but small changes of the charge in waveform like water molecules swing in a lake when you throw sth in it.  What ever the answer is - it doesn't effect your results :) But who's right? :D
Nah, I'm pretty sure electricity is magic.
He will never become a politician as he is way too honest 👍😅 What a great video!
Sir i want to know if we connect many bulbs in series instead of parallel then middle bulb will glow first and others will glow later and after some time what is the order of glowing of bulbs will centered bulb glow brighter then others because in our homes if we connect series of bulbs then order of brightness decrease due to voltage drop please explain this concept Thank You
Thank you so much for this. I was very confused after watching the first video because i used to think that electrons are moved by the source energy (1 electron pushing another electron), but you have brought another explanation (energy from electric field) to it which also makes sense. I'm still a bit confused on why the LED turns on 1 meter apart. If it's really turned on by electric field, why do you even need to close the loop on the resistor? wouldn't the resistor get affected by the source's electric field either way? Look at 11:00.   maybe im confusing myself with electric field vs magnetic field.
I wanted to see the disconnected wire light a bulb (or energize a resistor) too.
This reminds me of when I was in college and started my first physical chemistry course. P-Chem is where all the "little white lies" used to simplify things like reaction rates are peeled away and you get into the truth and get your mind blown. To quote my professor "If we told you the truth before now, you would all be history majors. We figure by now you are all too invested in this major to run away screaming to the liberal arts departments."
Lesson learnt: Complex problems require equally complex solutions for ideal communication
We engineers appreciate that you physicists have consolidated these irrelevancies so we can get on with our work.   I apologize to the poor semiconductor engineers who are caught in the middle.
This is actually the usage of interest. This is actually the reason I am o the internet
Thats most phisics vs engineering thing ever. Yeah it works. But that knowlege will never be usefull cause ill never get i lightyear wire
The fact that you revisited this and corrected yourself or tweaked your words is more than enough repentance. Especially nowadays.
the dude with the eyebrow is rolling in his grave right now. I knew the Big V wouldn't let us down.
Some truly shocking ⚡ results
Youtube drama. At least it's educational
I guess this explains why a lightbulb can flicker before breaking after turning on a switch
Misconception 1: ELectrons do not carry energy from battery to bulb.
That's the sort of drama I'm here for.
How do the fields generated by the oscilloscope affect the circuit? The oscilloscope was about 1 meter from the circuit, the same distance between the switch and load.  So the experiment that is supposed to show an electric \ magnetic effect across a 1 meter gap has to ignore the same effect from the measuring equipment.  Maybe a little like the problems preventing the one way measurement of the speed of light.
I'm curious about what happens if you connect BOTH leads of the battery at the exactly same moment. We established earlier that if you connect one lead, it creates a different charge distribution along the wires. Will the symmetry of this new scenario reveal a different sort of answer? Maybe instead of a steady, small current, you get a spike at the instant the electric field reaches the load, then nothing; or perhaps you get the full current? Also, why didn't you run the experiment with the wires disconnected at the far ends? Showing the effect of the EM fields without any connections would be more demonstrative of the concept.
Now how does a transistor function as an amplifier?   I understand a transistor as a switch but because I am used to the flowing electron model of electricity I keep thinking that a transistor as an amplifier works like a venturi water pump.
there was a video a few weeks ago where someone copied it and measured it...
When I watch these kinds of videos, I can't help but start thinking about the Blue Pill and the Red Pill.
Stop simping for him. He clearly used the wrong units in the former video and used buzz words such as "lies" etc. This is not science, it is just a show.
Words have meaning. If you say “turn on a bulb” AND use a 800 lumen bulb as “illustration”, but mean “turn on a led of 2 lumen”, it is a bit disingenuous to hand wave away any criticism as missing the point.   The bulb in the original video would not have lit up in 1/c seconds.
I m a gay
It's interesting that schools taught us that current is electrons pushing each other
I love that you are provoking discussion and questions.
I think this explanation can only be achieved by a physicist or a researcher electrical engineer
The skin-generated field thing is something I have been wanting to know for *ages* but didn't know how to ask.  I found this video to be completely in agreement with my understanding and yet bringing my understanding into a clearer focus at the same time, so happy at the result of this saga.  But my heart stopped a little bit balancing that $$$ scope on that ladder.
I think the main problem is, that He simplified the initial video to clickbait level. Obviously it was great for viewer numbers, but it decreased his credibility considerably. I don't see how this video makes good on that initial error. This is a science channel and doing what He did in  the first video should be avoided at all costs.
I love how you and your team have shown how knowledge can be shared on the web with the same immediacy as in the lecture hall. An explosion of interest in a previously unconsidered topic. Kudos 👌
does that mean nikola tesla's wireless electricity is possible?
oh my god, i cant really describe how much of a discovery this video was for me. thank you!
I love the depth this video went into - I remember "energy is in the fields" being taught one time and then never talked about again in school.
Funny, Eric Dollard basically said you were write in your first video but you explained it in an unclear way. Wonder what his response will be to this one.  Its almost like Electrical Science and Electrical Engineering have been stifled by people who dont understand it for the past century. Tesla was in fact, not wrong.
As a physicist I believe that the problem with these videos is to pretend to have a serious physics discussion without the math. There is only one language in which physics can be discussed and it is mathematics, that's its the only language of the universe. English, Spanish, ... cannot contain the complexity and perfection of nature. The misconceptions and misunderstandings are guaranteed and inevitable.
So you’re telling we’ve invented flying wireless drones with live feedback but we still don’t know how battery torches work?
This Alpha Phoenix fellow seems rather remarkable:)
Dear 1st year electrical apprentice tools. 🙏❤️🤣🙌
This is a much better explanation
Damn i got to learn so much more about how circuits work then i ever would have
Theres a channel called 'bu ne bilimsizliktir' stealing your videos and threatening to sue me for blowing on him(!). Just wanted to call him out:))
i understand now nothing anymore. Pls make a 2 Minutes Video about sheeps and dogs :D
Veritasium living in Science YouTubers heads rent free. Can’t wait for the next wave of response videos.
I graduate from university in 2 weeks with a degree in electrical engineering. Guess I finally know what electricity is
Gotta watch Alpha Phoenix then? I'm a head out
This was incredible
Did 4 years of this stuff only to truly understand the transmission line model and the reason for ohms law years later from a Veritasium video haha! Amazing video!
and.........perhaps time for another/update on DDWFTW? cheers
@veritasium Which affectation is fastest and what impacts each's values? Light fields? Magnetic fields? Gravity fields?  I imagine there are instances that can prove that ligth, magnetic, or gravity can be faster/slower than another in specific conditions.  I can't rationalize that those affectations are equivalent to each other in all cases.
SCIENCE FIGHT ROUND 3!!!!  All these exploration of (what I once thought was common electronics) is mind blowing!!!!~!~!~!
Respect
TLDR Transmission Lines and Antennas.
I love seeing these rebuttal videos! It’s like “YouTuber drama” for stuff that actually matters.
Great spirit for science sir!
I appreciate this, thank you! 🇨🇦 🙏🏼
brilliant
🤔He should try that same experiment with an incomplete circuit and see how long it takes for the light bulb to turn on...
Wait couldn't you use these transmission lines to measure the one way speed of light, or would you measure the two way speed since the voltage meters and stuff redirect the current in a different way?
13:30 -- is this the principle behind radio?
After all those reactions of different Youtubers, this was required.
I'm Scratching My Head...🤕 It's Very Difficult to Understand... My Mind is Melting Down🕯️
Physics ❤️
So... brain microtubules?
I love Science!
This was an eye opener. Thank you.
Well done 🐱😌🏆 Another such highly debated topic is how airplane wings create lift... No one even aerodynamic engineers seem to agree on what causes the upward force created by wings... Some say it is pressure difference, some say it is surface air molecule interactions... Really a hornets nest of a topic... Well maybe you will consider making a video and settling the matter once and for all... 😌 Cheers.
this makes me feel like amperes shouldnt be an SI unit
The second time, after the Land Sailing video, you encouraged a lively scientific discussion and clarified your ideas and mistakes from the earlier video. Thank you, Derek!
i'll reserve judgment until eevblog rsd academy and electroboom takes a look. For example isn't he using AC here while the original video and question uses a "battery" i.e DC? Even if he does get significant amount of power, he's still ignoring the timescale. If it was DC wouldn't the lamp just flash once and then turn off until the signal reaches around? a 40ns pulse of light is still not a light "turning on" for most people.. i wish he would have detailed the experiment a bit more, comparing AC and DC is not an insignificant detail imo.. atleast he did acknowledge that the original video was unclear on a few areas though..   my main beef though is that he calls one model _wrong_ and the other one _right_ . its just diffrent ways of looking at the same phenomenon. Thinking about a circuit as flow of electrons isn't _incorrect_ its a useful way to model a system and you can draw many correct conclusions from it.   To me this is like saying that one particular interpretation of quantum theory is correct and all the others are wrong, or like saying special relativity is wrong and general relativity is correct.  they're just more or less complete, its not that one is wrong and the other is right.. its a Sheldon Cooper way of reasoning. We have enough division in the world, we should try and keep it out of science unless there is good reason
What an massively interesting journey, as an electrician i have learned so much from the 1st post through all the response posts to this, thank you.
I always hated the electricity is magic explanation… same with the pipe and water… this was the info I wanted so bad growing up
I love the fact that you acknowledge that a video you perceived as a failure lead directly to so much learning and great questions.
I really wonder if measurable skin effect in wires could help augment the argument at all. This is often a thing we see in audio but it should t really be a thing until 100-150k hz Also, (still watching through the vid) but I wonder if the “lumped” energy is what we in audio experience with badly insulated components on bad amplifier designs… or is another way to understand leaky interference when bad components on a board are used?  I know these vids is mainly focused on general electrical paths and I’m speaking to audio signal paths but they are essentially the same just different in level, amplitude, modulation etc…  I’m just trying to understand since I see things in audio and have experienced things that way. I could be totally off page here though.  Ah! Kk @ 21:50 my experiences are explained thusly a little here. Powering up old amps where circuits weren’t robust enough with the forethought of future interference to and from other components that we see happening. Meaning; messing around with old gear I have seen odd interference in other components around the house and also other components messing with the old amp. It seemed like components in the old amps were acting like their own antennas and fielding to other things where that has been taken into account in better future designs. There have been accounts of this happening in newer bad designs.
In India we study these basic concepts in our last class of schooling  that is class 12 . Electron move with constant velocity in a wire.
After a video was posted in which Muller is shown driving a wind-powered car, equipped with a huge spinning propeller, faster than the wind, UCLA physics professor Alexander Kusenko disagreed with the claim that sailing downwind faster than wind was possible within the laws of physics, and made a scientific wager with Muller $10,000 that he could not demonstrate that the apparent greater speed was not due to other, incidental factors. Muller took up the bet, and the signing of a wager agreement by the parties was witnessed by Bill Nye and Neil deGrasse Tyson. In a subsequent video, Muller demonstrated the effect with a model cart under conditions ruling out extraneous effects. Kusenko conceded the bet.
yah
I wonder what happens if you add a second switch at the far part of the cable and that switch turns off at the same time that you turn the one near the battery on. If I understood correctly, the light will first turn on because of the electric field expanding from the switch and then, 0.5s later turn off when the electric field reach then second switch the energy stops, is that correct?
I very much liked this 2nd video. Specifically the explanation about the "simplified math" that is utilized to design / analyze electric circuits.  I think this whole thought experiment does exactly what it should do, taking a look at the theoretical possibilities, vs the practical and then expanding on the how and why. To me there was always an intuitive sense that if you have a physical particle like an electron that has to travel across a distance, then that should take a certain amount of time, and given that it is a particle, it seems like this should take an amount of time that is longer than a beam of light. So in a thought experiment, you can create an ideal condition (superconductors etc.), but in practicality it can't be demonstrated.  I always thought that mathematics is just a language we use to describe natural phenomenon as best we can. The more complex the math we use, the better it explains the phenomenon, but it does not necessarily need to be that complex to describe it enough for practical applications. Hence, a thought experiment vs. a practical application is like complex math vs. simple (i.e. practical).
Watching both videos and the responses made me more knowledgeble than watching a correct one would
In the design of high-speed interconnects, this knowledge is important and only becoming more important with time.
My mind is about to explode! 😯
I think I learned more from watching your original video, watching all the counterarguments saying you were wrong, and finally watching this video, than if your first video had been more thorough. This gave me time to think. Well done!
Beautiful.
electricity works when a man and a woman unite
I may have had a bit of a brainwave from a recent binge of your videos, but wouldn’t this be a method to measure the one-way speed of light? As you could theoretically orient the circuit along any axis, measuring the speed of light in the direction between the battery and resistor/bulb?   I have a feeling there’s something I’m overlooking here but I’d like to know your thoughts!
When trying, making a mistake  and improving become just parts of success! Hey Derek, I know this was not part of the original question, but then if the wires instead of being 1m apart from each other, ran around the Earth (i.e., switch in the US and battery in Australia), would the bulb turn on in around 12,742Km/c seconds (theoretically)?
this is simply wonderful. I am deeply impressed, with how you: a) find your topics  b) explain the content c) diplomatically handle the critizism  I am grateful, that you make these videos!
"Cal Tech has really fast scopes"  Shows them using a Tektronix 2024
So does that mean that that jumble of cables behind my computer makes them all slightly interfere with each other, slightly less efficient than if the wires were further apart?   What about something complex and delicate like a computer gpu or a motherboard? There are lots of tiny electrical flows very close to each other each producing their own magnetic fields right? Similar with the electric signals inside a brain. I guess those magnetic fields are too weak to cause any chaos?  What about high voltage power lines being bundles close together? Do their magnetic fields interfere with each other?
This is much better than the first one. I also think it is fair to say energy flow through wires (at least partialy) , if there is an electric field inside the wire, and the fact that the bulb only fully lights after there is enough time for the field to go all the way around.
I'm gonna screenshot the thumbnail and title of the video. Your not fooling me again
My dude put a reference to the Feynman lectures in the notes.  🚀
I did understand you correctly !  thanks for making this video .
Correct me if I'm wrong, this is a view about superhero who control electric :) lol. If I got what inside this video right, then those superhero who control electricity didn't need any wire to actualy charge them, becasue electric field from powerplant essentially flowing through the air and they could just asorb it directly from the air, right?
I pretty well understood the first video but some of the models in this video really helped solidify the concept in my mind. The U.S. Navy successfully transmitted electricity using microwaves not to long ago, pretty soon we'll be beaming down our electricity from space.
Follow up please!!: If electricity doesn't flow in wires, why do we get zapped from wires and not the magnetic field?
POV: when the two smart kids in the classroom get two different answers
Derek: Part 2 of a really controversial video on trying to educate everyone on simple yet complicated concepts of Electricity.   20000 Youtubers : Working on their reply asap.  Me: Questioning my Electrical Engineering degree and thinking atleast I still remember "V=IR"
dude yea right , electircity is the new flat earth theory. its is dumb if u think its real
Very good. Much better than the original.
I believe you expanded it clear enough in the last video for a person who always likes to learn and listen to anyone... But most of the people believe they are  right... That's why you had to explain this again...
This is what makes YouTube a community...
I mean, isn't the single wire example exactly how induction works?
So i have a question, if the energy is transferred via the fields through space around the circuit and hypothetically if we change just this property of fields so that they can't travel through free space (like in the case of sound waves)then the light bulb would never lit up?
The way I understand this; The electrons are there. The power source provides the "push" on the electrons that are there. The harder the push, the higher the output. With no resistance and infinite energy the speed at which the light turns on is based on the shortest distance from the power source and the speed the electrons interact with each other.
So glad Alpha Phoenix got a shout-out. I liked his response/demonstration the best.
i believe electroboom's explanation does not contradict your point at all. in his simulation using transmission line model there is indeed small voltage bump (relatively large to leak current) which comes instantly after the switch is closed (due to direct capacitor connection to the bulb). his argument is just that this initial voltage bump, although larger than leakage is still small enough that it cannot turn on the bulb.   and for the voltage to gradually steps up from the initial bump (with ladder shape) waves need to reflect back and forth the transmission line which takes some time.   you only brought up his argument about the leak current which is quite unfair in my opinion. he brought up the leak current argument because in the initial problem you said that the bulb turns on at any current level.  i believe electroboom did not dispute that the field reaches the lamp at 1/c (in his simulation he shows that voltage is indeed induced almost instantaneously ). he just argues that this initial instantaneous field which only induces small voltage bump will not be enough to turn on the lamp, which i believe is a reasonable argument  in conclusion,  1. yes indeed the fields get into the lamp within 1/c second. this field as you said, carry energy to the lamp. this fact is completely correct 2. however, whether this initial field carry ENOUGH energy to turn on the light bulb or not is a completely different matter.  3. electroboom argues that this initial field which only causes small voltage bump to the bulb will not be enough to turn on the light, and we have to wait until the voltage steps up higher for the light bulb to turn on
You are easily one of the best people at explaining physics, and I love how you take criticisms of your work as a challenge to be better at communicating.
Awesome, as usual !!
if the electric fields doesnt carry the energy the transofmers will not work and if the magnetic fields doesnt carry the energy the generators will not work, using these two electrical components explaining your experiment will be much more easier for a ordinary peoples to comprehend :)
I would strongly recommend youtubing Rick Hartley's videos for all the aspiring Electrical Engineers. He provides tons of great information about PCB design and how to consider transmission lines when designing your PCBs.
This makes Kelvin's Thunderstorm even more fascinating.
Thinking of circuits in terms of electric fields is not something most people think about which is why I appreciated your video.  I have a degree in electronics engineering and while I knew of the electric field, this was still an insightful explanation of the true way electricity works.  I was surprised by the amount of the signal you were able to detect because like you I thought it might be lost in the background noise.  I can truly say that I never really thought of the applied field reaching the targets before field resolves through the completed circuit, but then again it has never been critical to my work but it is something to keep in mind when designing sensitive circuits which might allow faster responses or directional detection circuits.
Response videos are always so fun to me. I love the rabbit holes they send me down. I always learn way more than I would have with only one video from one YouTuber.
I finally understand how antennas work. I kind of thought of them as things that just magically did induction. Which is kinda true, but it's because there's an electric field propagating through a space until it reaches another wire. We literally see it happen in the video.
He is one of the GOAT champion of science and reason.
I am uneducated on electricity and even I could follow this one. You did a great job explaining. Thank you for these thoughts in video form!
When you pointed out that the experiment works with the cable not connected I finally got it
Finally!  Scientists have been trying to figure this out for CENTURIES!!!
The thumbnail of the original video says that electricity does not flow inside wires. This, even after the second video, is not fully addressed clickbait.  You totally do not address conductor thickness or frequency. You do not mention alternating current (at least in the second video).  Your example of inductive charging showing that wires are optional doesn't mean that electricity doesn't flow in wires. You can not build an inductive charger without wires, and when you build one you design it for a certain frequency. They do not work for DC.  If you performed your experiment with one end disconnected, you did not show the footage. With one end disconnected, there would not be full battery voltage across the switch, so closing the switch would do almost nothing. This would be a failed assertion in your original video that you did not address here.  Even in microwave waveguides where it's clear that energy is being transmitted outside of wires, wires are vital at both ends of the waveguide, and the energy transmitted inside the waveguide is electromagnetic radiation. Not "electricity".  While you have effectively shown that electrons are like sheep pushed along by electric fields, wires are a vital piece of the equation, electricity flows in wires.  In DC power transmission lines, the entire cross-section of the conductor "carries" current. And nearby conductive elements are irrelevant as long as the dielectric strength of the insulation is sufficient. And I'm not referring to a brief moment when the transmission line is brought into service or shutdown, I'm referring to years of service between those brief transient conditions.
Wonderful explanation and conclusion to this saga
In short, It's the same principle that Tesla was trying to use to give the world wireless electricity. ⚡
I wonder if anyone else realizes that lately, Derek is picking especially controversial topics and under-explaining them, as a way to bait engagement and response videos, redirecting the followers of many other channels to his own, and justifying follow-up videos with an engorged audience chomping at the bit.  It's pretty genius marketing.
OK........ soooo.... I have three light switches next to each other in my office. If there was a dozen and I turned 11 of them on, would the twelfth be on even though the switch is off? Or did I REALLY not understand the video? [Holy crap! "Twelfth"! Look at that word!!! I don't think I've ever had to type that in my life. It looks like someone slammed their head on the keyboard.]
Thus concluded the Big Electric Beef of 2022. What nest of hornets will Veritasium shake up next? Information theory, hopefully. ;)
Magnets next? :D
Isn't this describing electromagnetic waves in the end?
The best way to stimulate discussion on the internet is to make a claim that someone believes is false.
apologytasium 😅
If I may suggest, the explanation will be more visually understandable (instead graphs) an animation that the first nanosecond that the bulb lights a bit, but after a full transmission = brighter.
Sooo, it was just an obfuscated example of induction?
ayyyy electroboom is here
With so many educational YouTubers, not only putting out educational videos, but also correcting each other (vs some teachers at school who might have gotten something wrong and just carries on with it), I wonder anyone has actually tried running a course at school with a YouTube playlist. Students will watch the playlist first, then a lecturer comes in to reinforce the fundamentals.
What is the name of the "game" at 4:27
I mean it's totally acceptable. Derek explains scientific topics and there is always a possibilty of some mistakes in the explanantions. At the end, He acknowledged it and corrected the things. That's what great people do. 👍🏻
52 min 113k 12k 1k
This is why fibre optic cords are being used more and more everyday, because in doingso we maintain a stable measurable speed transmission without magnetic interference!
This saga got out of control and I'm all for it. People really bandwagoned to prove him wrong and he did the test to explain.  Science is cool
Apology accepted
This one has even more mistakes than the first video.
OUTSTANDING!   thanks for this
Thanks for the follow up. When I watched the first video I was sure it was wrong. This one makes more sense.
Broadened my vision like nothing else.
Hii Derek To be fair i was not convinced about your idea in first video now it is bit more clear but i am still very confused and this maybe because how it is taught to us. I would like to know how Maxwell equation work for semi conductor. For semiconductor we are taught band theory, that we need to give energy to electron in valence band so thst it goes to conduction band and electricity can pass. And now with this theory it's hard for me to understand working of diode and mechanism of rectifier.  How can rectifier convert ac to dc as it states that a reverse biased diode stop current from flowing. I would really appreciate if you can expand this topic.
do you think we should change the way we teach this in high school physics? so it will be easier to change the misconception in higher studies? how would you explain this to kids who first learn electromics? will you keep to the known model or try to use the full one like you do here?
unfortunately even now you made bad explanation again. shame on you.
Let's start next round @electroboom
The Poynting vector is zero in electrostatic conditions since magnetic fields will be induced by the dE/dt factor. Since we have a static E-field(non changing after initial state) we will not have a magnetic field, thus no Poynting Vector. Rather than having the Poynting Vector, we would have a Electrostatic energy instead... He justs uses the Electrodynamics principle in a place with almost no electrodynamics... Just false...
Great video
Maxwell is such an underrated visionary genius.
This is also why you can steal electricity by rolling out a LONG wire below power cables. This has actually happened 😊
Ok great, I like the deep dive and better explanation. But... If all the energy is in the fields I still don´t understand why we use insulation around the wires (the fields are outside of the insulation) and why I can hold a mains wire (insulated) without being electrocuted when all that energy is still passing through my hands because it´s not in the wire, it´s in the fields around the wire.
15:13 A lot of YouTubers who responded to the original video are using the “shortcut” but what we really need is not the shortcut. We learnt the shortcut in high school and then we realized that was a short cut when we learnt the maxwells equations in university. And we did not fully explore the Maxwells equation even in the university in 3D just as Derek mentioned here. Thanks for Derek to show us what is really going on with these nice animations. I couldn’t agree more with Derek at 21:06! We should never forget about the electromagnetic waves/fields that hide under a lot of phenomenon. They sound vague but think about this: our eyes are detecting a portion of their spectrum everyday.
Oooh ok when i saw the first one i didnt get it and tbh didn’t believe you. But now I understand
Me waiting for electro boom show up in the comments so I can see his verdict..
So, when I put a light bulb next to a high-voltage wire it will light up?
Whatsoever Veritasium is ahead of them
So then, would a conveyor belt visualizer make more sense? Where the electric field is the belt, and the electron is the "package" that has stuff inside it moving from one spot to the next? The belt is then immediately set up where the connection of  battery and bulb, and the speed of the belt is the speed of light?
So......black wire on the brass screw, white on silver....got it.
Great video, but i think: with the wireless charge of some devices is really answer all the questions 😅 electricity is about fields
So I'm just going to throw this out there, that means that there you could totally choose a light bulb that would turn on only when the full voltage went through it..   I think the main thing that felt incorrect was at the whole of the first video felt like it was implying that the full circuit voltage would be applied immediately, and in this video you're saying that's not the case...   So in my opinion, while it may not have been your intention, the first video was incorrect.   You don't get full circuit voltage until the surface fields reach the load (bulb)   To me this whole video and the prior video basically is just saying radios exist....   I love your videos man, and I think I understand the spirit of what you're trying to do here, but in my opinion the first video expressed an idea that was incorrect.   This video correctly expressed the idea.
This is the ultimate “video or it didn’t happen”. 🙂
So if it’s actually the electric fields doing all the work, does that confirm that fairies are responsible for the miracle of electricity 🧚‍♀️
By that logic a nearby not closed circuit would start glowing for as long as it has "capacity" to store the excess energy to a point when it saturates and stops. ... am I wrong?
Derek = Savage Garden
Great video! Did you do the experiment with the wire disconnected? That would have been a nice result.
This is pretty much how we think of antennas! The changing surface charge density after connecting the battery is making the circuit act almost like an antenna
I am an engineering student and Derek's amount of seriousness twords his contant and science in general inspires me. Thak you for your videos!
My understanding of electricity is that it 'travels' at 30mph. But... Much like a tube filled with balls..if you push one ball in one side, another ball gets pushed out the other 'instantaneously' making it seem as if the ball exits the tube as soon as it enters it.
Derek, none of the electrical engineers claimed electrons were pushing each other...
now chicken egg problem, is ef created by flow of current or current is directed by ef?
Glad to see @AlphaPhoenix get credit for his huge scale effort on this problem. He's got a remarkable approach to looking at problems.
550 inverted Ultramarines....17:58
An enthusiastic high school physics teacher 20+ years ago taught us both the concept of energy been carried by fields and that it essentially works on the surface of the wires… Great respect to an unknown teacher in a third world country “Syria” teacher Elias Elwaysi 🎩🙏🏻
Thank you Derek! I have been waiting for this part two. And I fully agree with what you say at the end, it has been AMAZING to see all of the great responses to the first video, I found several great channels from this "debate" and so many people learned so much.
The field is already there, where ever there is a ions. The battery just extends and maintain the field.
This happens when the quietest kid in the class asks doubt 😂
thanks for the follow up to address unclear misconceptions , this shows good character on your part.
What about glass? Does glass alter or slow the path of emf. I know insulation does. The point of insulators is specifically is to reduce this effect in wires. Like the difference between Cat4 cable and Cat 6e is how the wires are prepared. They have more insulating material, twisted wires to reduce noise, and separated further. The lower data speeds of Cat4 are because of interference of other cables, interference of electric fields.  I mention insulators since we work with them more often, but in theory a refractive material would still do similar for light, but I do not think they actually alter electric fields. So the glass its self will insolate, whether refraction will play a part idk. EMF is not light, and refraction is specifically on light. So I'd assume no. I would like to understand that better.
Electricity: You can't defeat me! 2021_veritasium: I know but  he can: 2022_veritasium
If this back and forth remains this civil.... the achievements in educating and discovery can be unlimited.  Love it.
A lot better, but still pretty missleading imo.
your content is better when you mess up xD
Those idiots came for your throat and now you're going to make them eat their own foot lol
Those criticists are just criticizing for content, they're not even passionate about the subject.
THIS is what actual science looks like.  You propose a hypothesis.  Create a repeatable test, and test out the results. I'm absolutely ashamed of what a lot of the so called scientific "experts", especially in medical have been doing lately.  Appeal to authority is NEVER science.  The scientific method IS.
omg I just realised why Overalls are called Overalls,  I feel stupid 🤪
I am just loving these response videos. It makes one go in greater depth and know the misconceptions of every topic . Just keep up the work man 👍🏻 you are contributing a lot to enthusiast's life all over the world
ok.
What Electric Field made of? How it contacts the electrons?
Science communicator Y'all just didn't understand my vague question
WOW! That guy was super upset. angry science is bad science. Chill angry man.
OH MY GOD how many times do I need to watch this until I can understand it?!?!?!
Best content channel on YouTube !
Hmm, i wonder if the expansion of magnetic fields were responsible for some of my servers crashing. I have some pcs running in my basement, and seen on two occasions when i switch on a large fan on nearby they crash immediately, it didnt seem like a circuit overload as they are on different sub circuits. Maybe a field reached the PCs and messed something up causing a crash. I could be way off base, but got me thinking at least
This is science. I love it. Thank you.
I agreed/believed most with alpha phoenix and glad to see that u corrected most of the problems u saw with ur question. Awesome job for exciting (triggering)  the electrical engineers with this question sir.
This vid actualy slaps to ppl who thought they are doing a great job clearing Varitasium's vid
It would seem like a natural consequence of the idea your proposed was that you don't need the battery to actually be connected to the lightbulb
Never question Derek, but also always question Derek. This is awesome.
Finally 😁 few months later ....
So you could really just think of a power source as a vibration device that just sends “vibrations” out to what’s connected to it. I like this.
Really well explained. I wonder how he knows all of this. I mean... We all have some specific specialization ig. Mine is in computers... But he seems to make videos on everything from electronics, to mechanics to computers. Awesome job :)
okay now i know enough that "magic" seems more realistic to me than electricity.
This is why Derek is one of my favorite science educators. He speaks to us like we're on his level, and he's not afraid to admit when he makes mistakes. These traits are what makes the best of us, the best. Treat each other equally, and be humble.
Like most macro implementations the only real benefit or negative is at a micro scale.  imagine distances atoms apart and how this would change the design of an energy system dramatically.
Awesome job Derek! Now, can you help me invent a micro reed switch with only the closest parts of the opposing filaments able to be moved by the gauss field strength?  Think of the filaments as "Neapolitan" wires. ;-)   Yes, I'm trying to increase the timing accuracy of the reed switch.
What I really loved about this experiment is the amount of different videos I got to watch teaching all about how electricity works. I thought it was really cool seeing so many different channels do their own video on the subject! Really awesome content! I hope we can get another thought experiment soon!
What made me think you were incorrect in the first video is that I thought you expected the full voltage after 1m/c seconds, or at least the start of its rising edge.
I love how this turned out. Seeing so many video responses spark up and build a gigantic indirect collab. The responses did get kinda snarky at times, but it was nothing but fun and informative to follow. What a great corner of the youtubes this is.
You showed most of the goofs who attacked you for no reason
This came up when I was searching on how to do slides on more than one strings at once which is musical related, and this has nothing to do with music so far as I can tell
"didn't do a good job of explaining" is an understatement, you genuinely misrepresented the question and concept, it was deeply disappointing to me.
The zeroeth misconception is that you are using a battery, when you are actually using a cell.
Mehdi can elektrocute himself in peace now
wait so you want to tell me lightbulb will be on even if the wires are disconnected? idk i think you should elaborate more on that as it doesnt happen in real life. I can maybe see it working for couple of nanoseconds if the battery is strong af, but anything more than that im not so sure about. anyway good video im really impressed by all the visuals you provided.
My issues with the original video (and this followup): - The original question was phrased and heavily implied that it required the full voltage to run the light. Using a byproduct that doesn't even require the light to be connected to the source feels like a massive cheat. - This experiment wasn't re-run with the source/measuring point at different distances to show that it was just the difference between the wires that affected the rate. This gave 1 data point to "prove" the theory, when that could be another reason. - This experiment wasn't re-run with a disconnected wire to show that this power would be transmitted regardless of a complete loop.
Finally, thanks.
bring the smoke
I mean never thought that electricity wasn't pushed ! It made intuitive sense! Been following for 10 years, One of channels I binge!
Is electoboom Watching this video?
But here also you are doing a bit of misleading here and there. 1. Initially you talked about wires. When you say wires, we assume the usual 5-10V carrying wires (i.e., laptop charging cables). But what you have over there are bigass copper rods (i.e., a type of wire nobody here imagined as per your original video). In the calculations, the diameter of the wire has a very big influence on the initial power transition. Those wires are so wide they are basically antennas, and antenna theory is what is actually going on here. I mean you would have gotten even more of a power transfer if you use two big parrallal copper plates, but then that won't be much of a 'wire', will it?  2. Leakage current argument from ElectroBOOM was said jokingly, as a sarcastic comment on the "theoretical nature" of your question parameters. You are strawmanning it a little bit by playing it up so much here.
lets bake some noodles.   knowing this and how it works..... since there's a microsecond 'response' on the load end could we not utilize this in some fashion to transmit information?  or is the 'response' time (if signal/power is cut) not going to show until the wave completed the trip essentially negating any functionality past the "oop we got a + signal".   if only i have the equipment to test this.....
Your mistake is like einstein mistake which really was not a mistake . It caused to make other invited to challenge to finally improve science further !  Thanks for your tiny mistake cause we learn more after that ! 💜💙
I hope i never tell someone. I guess that would be a long discussion..
justice done
This gives me a lot of intuition about charges
It's been years since I thought about drift velocity 😂
You made it seem like Electroboom was wrong. But actually he was 100% correct.
Love this and the preceding video!
Wait a minute… that looks suspiciously like the Miller effect…
Love you man! I thought this video is like explaining yourself, .. I'm not smart to understand this, idk if you're wrong or right, but good job! Love your videos, keep going!^^
Now the question is... If you throw out a thought experiment... how many seconds does it take before the first erratic response and how many weeks does it take for stable consensus to settle in. Well done Derek - here's your beer back!
you did it again after the wind cart problem…
Great explanation, but please note that your explanation of how the light is created is wrong. The E-M-Field raises the energy level of an electron in an atom in the filament. The Electron then falls down to a lower level, releasing energy, a new E-M-Field. Note: Every E-M-Field is a Photon and every Photon is an E-M-Field.
That was complicated, this viewer has suffered a general exception and will need to be restarted ..........
That effect is absolutely boson
amazing, now this is why i like science a little more
we can remove electroboom and all the electrician youtubers from the list of people who have owned Derek now the list is back to just being Tom Nicholas
The quality of content on this channel is just exponentially increasing for the last 10 years.
So my main question, now, is is this actually different from just how a radio works? Because that was the thing that confused me from the first video.   Ultimately the full voltage doesn't actually come into play until it completes a lap around the circuit. If the core argument is that electrical fields can carry energy, then I'm fully on board and that makes sense to me. But I couldn't tell what was different between what you were claiming here and what a normal radio is.   So from this video I get that the full voltage doesn't come until it does a full lap around the circuit, but a partial voltage induced by the electric field does come into play. Which at least from my perspective actually matches my expectation before I watch any of these videos.   It felt like in the first video you were saying that the full voltage would be going through the bulb Right away, and that's actually not true from what you're saying in this video.
I really disliked or got bored by electrical physics in my university courses but the Video with the light bulb problem and it's responses really reignited my interest.  What I really love about this community is how well criticism is given and received. The world can learn a lot from the scientific community.
Where's the open circuit test?
I wouldn't say it was a mistake of yours to miss out the details. As a layman, I barely get through videos like this one because of the excessive detail/technical stuff and yet still I have come away learning something.   I also didn't watch your previous video and come away thinking that this technical stuff should have been the focus. To say "everyone who watched it" thought that is a bias I'm sure you're aware of.
Whats the implications of Heaviside coaxial cable,  and whats going on field wise inside a 12ax7 vacuum tube?
It's so simple. Initially you get a small amount of energy transfer because the wires pair acts like a capacitor. Your first video made it sound like black magic, while it's so simple. The main part the energy transfer goes via the fields along the wires, which you left out in the first video.... but it only when this field arrives you lightbulb will fully light up, and it will take much longer.
All of the so called experts missed the point of the first video completely. 🤦🤦 It's just math and field theory.
I wish all YouTube beef was like science YouTube beef, so civilized.
NICE... Congratulations for the new video.  And thank you as well :) nicely done Me and some friends that follow your chanel had some discussions over this topic last time  Thank you for teh additional effort on this topic
how much is the bet this time?
The thing that I disagreed with was that electrons do not transfer the energy, clearly they do; the are the mediators of the field. In Ampère's Law there are two terms, the field is only one term, the other is the current density! Great to see it in action.
Derek always have to make 2nd video on everything lmao /j
Epic video!
Hola puedes hacer que este video este subtitulado en español o doblado en español para entenderlo bien
Now I only I have one question left. Why is the experiment circuit in the video 3 meters above the ground? 😅
This is the best comeback. Very good work.
Everybody on the internet: actually... Veritasium: do you even recognize these porches? Shhhhh
He is complecating things in the way we would have hated if it was taught in school...since this is a type of YouTube video we usually watch at 3am, we let it slide.
It would be nice if the original video also said, that the lightbulb would turn on at a fraction of full power before taking one second to fully start
AlphaPhoenix's response video is amazing and everyone should watch it. Also, his channel is great in general, I love it! And no, he's not paying me any money to say this, even though I realize how much it sounds like he does 😄
Omg
We could light up bulbs with broken circuits, thats mind blowing
You are blantly wrong and countless YouTubers actually did the physical experiment with half a kilometer of wire. Electrolysis works through physically moving electrons and their atoms. You can not turn on a light bulb immediately. Have honor and admit you were blantly wrong
I did not know there was a controversy on this.
I still have to complain that it's worth emphasizing that the bulb "turns on" with only a fraction of its final, "long term" brightness. At 19:00 we see this amounts to about 4 volts out of 20. 20% is nothing to sneeze at, but if the question is framed as "How long does it take the light bulb to *turn on* ?" that creates some (imo unfair) ambiguity. The knee-jerk interpretation is a binary one where the bulb is either on or off. It would be more comprehensive to ask "How long does it take for the light bulb to turn *fully* on?" In which case, the original video is _still_ wrong.  To get the answer this and the previous video come to, one should ask, "How long does it take for the bulb to shine with some noticeable brightens/appreciable fraction of its final luminosity?"
3:15  An electron in a collision won't transfer much of its energy unless the target has similar mass to the electron.  Conservation of momentum prevents it.
I'm so happy that this discussion is taking place on youtube and a lot of smart and credible people are engaged. I feel like this could be a tipping point in physics.
I imagine electricity more like tubes of air (instead of water), bc air is compressible.
Finally ! I can now get my electrical license after watching this !
So should we now think of copper wires as just like an empty river channel, the electrons as small dead stones on the bottom - and the field as the water which "floods" into channel?
That sheep dog analogy is great, I wish I had heard it decades ago.
I think this was a first, where he had to explain a video twice
That sheep dog analogy is great, I wish I had heard it decades ago.
Your shirt is also a mistake.  The sun near the horizon is an oval, never a circle.
The many shoutouts for AlphaPhoenix are heart warming for me . I love that dude. He is amazing.
Going on this journey and seeing the response videos in a “real time” debate/conversation is exactly what the internet SHOULD be! Thanks to everyone who made that happen! From the educators to the audience that bumped those videos up the algorithm. It was exciting to see and I learned something along the way.
Thank you! With this video you redeemed yourself in my eyes. The first video was so misleading, that I questioned your motifs (especially after all those "how to maximize Youtube views" videos) The problem was, that you wanted to counter misconceptions that arose from a simplified view on electricity by simplifying other things, that can lead to new misconceptions. This video gives a more complete view overall.  (I still not like how 14mW are presented as Energy... yes significant but tiny tiny tiny compared to what can go "through" the conductors in conventional thinking. With that copperpipes at 20V you could transfer Kilo Watts! But those would not arrive as fast)
Both videos were successful in that they taught many people, including myself, a very interesting aspect of electricity.
It's been a while since I watched the last video, so I might not remember correctly, but my problem with the first video was how you purposely (or not I guess?) baited people into having the wrong assumption by implying that the bulb would turn on fully after 1/c seconds, IIRC I had to go watch other response videos to actually get the full picture of what you meant, at which point it made sense.
well i guess one could say...     thats shocking!
You know the simple lines u put on that dc battery circuit. I wonder what it would look like if you put the same arrows on a computer motherboard while on
So Tesla was right?
Wow what are the the odds I fell asleep watching this video and then woke up too this haha
after watching that, my brain hurts, LOL
You naughty veritasium
Isn't the fact that induction works enough proof that you can move electrons without physical connection? That's using the electromagnetic field only.
Finally, now I do understand this one!
ъЪ
When you say that when connecting the battery, establishing the surface charge distribution on the wires happens at the speed of light, do you mean the speed of light in that specific material or the speed of light in a vacuum?
The videos are getting better and better!
As a mechanical engineer that stuff is black magic for me
Didnt you just build an antenna tho? :P
So it's just an antenna right. Just a 2 big long antennas 1 meter apart. Now it finally makes sense
Here we go again ...
So two different circuits (if put enough close together) could interfere with each other and cause a lot of problems
When there is a gradient of electrons along the whole wire, but no gradient of protons (since we are not stretching or compressing the wire), then, in an area in the wire, there must be a gradient in charge.
Wow I thought the electron pushing model was how it worked, had no idea the field was what moved the currents.
Really needee this follow up vid after the previous one.
Fantastic work Sir. The original video blew my mind, but I still had a hard time trying to grasp the concept, however, this video just made it all click in to place. Fantastic work.
OH MY GOD!!!!!!!! This is so damn coool, I can't even describe how happy i am to be able to witness this whole thing, I'm so happy right now, such cool debate, cool topic, cool everything. Please make more!!!!
Veritasium == Truth, Quality, Dedication
Not many people knows this but right after your video Nick Lucid of The Science Assylum made a video on how Capacitor works and that was literally answer to all my questions that I had after watching your previous video ! Also,  I really loved the video by Alpha Phoenix , Mahdi (Electroboom) and Ben .... this was a really great journey of me understanding the biggest question I had since I was introduced to current electricity that "WTH HAPPENS INSIDE A WIRE?" and now I can literally visualize what exactly is happening inside a wire !
Derek - 1  Electrical engineers on YouTube - 0
Thid is why i love science! I love Veritasium's challenge, and the debate, study, observation and experimentation it created around the world.
I had a saying through university. "The more you know the more you realize everything you knew was wrong or partially wrong" This embodies that perfectly.
I really appreciate the new explanation, now it finally makes sense. The current that you meant (and that is measurable in the lamp after 1 meter/c) is actually just the current resulting from the magnetic fields and not from the circuit. This explains also why it would be perceivable even when circuit is interrupted somewhere. At the same time the full level of current will reach the lamp only after the magnetic fields have "travelled" the full length of the circuit (circumference of earth/c)
Bro got smacked.
sorry, I couldn't concentrate on the topic - this guy is such a DILF
beta content creators: Noooooo youre wrong what youre describing is impossible!!! sigma derek: clearly I need to explain it better
I would have liked to see how the initial current is delayed if the resistor were moved away from the switch (with the same length of wire).
Aha, hmm yes, i understand nothing from what you said, indeed
The classic "Someone is wrong on the internet" phenomenon.
Electroboom getting ready with his response diss track
Aren't the elactrons moving in the wrong direction at 16:57?  Shouldn't they travel from - to + of the battery ?
Who is that bald guy? I don't care if he is right about anything... he just seems wrong!!!
if i  say this people  would  say i am a liar  but  trust  me  i  got this thing completly  into my  mind correctly couz i watch veritassium and a few more so i already had some idea about this LOL
I kinda wanna see the other thumbnail for this video...
I love how everyone lost there collective minds and we got a plethora of scientific videos and discussions. I learned so much from all these back and forth. Thanks for the fantastic videos, from Derek and everyone that responded. (I'll now wait for the next wave of responses)
Bravo. Just the distinction between AC and DC isn't quite clear even in this second video.
Bro im just a student and i dunno much but i know that electric fields cannot exist within conductors. Ive been scolded wayy too many times to ignore that
Rational academic debates make some pretty good content XD
Great follow-up on this!
Great job! Firstly for posing a question that causes such a big discussion, secondly for listening to the arguments of others and finally for condensing all the knowledge about this thought expirement in such a crisp video!  Very much looking forward to more such videos! Keep up the great work! 👏🏼
I think the problem many people, including me, had was not that they disagreed with "the fields carry the energy" part, but rather the "everything you´ve been taught is wrong" part. Thats why many tried to find things that can also be explained by the lumped model, for example. Which doesn´t make either explanation wrong - just a different interpretation of the vague question :D I am really satisfied with this video - it doesn´t shame "the way you learned about electricity" but tells that there is more you just didn´t know. That conclusion was overshadowed in the last video by not giving respect for the simpliefied models that help us understand it better. <3 Hope we see more of these - even if we might need to do more followup videos :D
Derek VS the entire extended YT Universe
I feel like Derek is being a bit dishonest by making a video with a deliberately outrageous statement that can easily be misunderstood, just so he can generate responses and now do this video about how everyone misunderstood his deliberately made-to-be-misunderstood video.
I went fishing with a graphite fishing pole underneath of power lines before. The pole was vibrating in my hand. Was that caused by the magnetic field?
Brilliant!  👏👏👏  Thank you for clear working and thinking!
This unironically explained it better than my 3rd year undergrad E&M module lmao
Task failed successfully 👍👍
Anyone remembers an article about AI circuit design and how when an AI made circuits it built in closed loops of random connections that appeared to do nothing but were vital to the operation? I really feel like this might be the key as to why those closed loops worked.
A prime example is transformers. Why noy just explain with transformer example
Such nice, high quality visuals for your explanations! Better than in any textbook or website
IT WAS A LONG CON THE WHOLE TIME! He intentionally put out a video knowing he would set youtube science channels on fire just so he could make a clarification video with an experiment. Double the content = profit.   Well played Mr. Tasium... Well played.
Derek is Savage.
Great explanation. But I think to hit the full message home you need to show another version of your long rectangular circuit with the the batter& switch at one end of the long rectangle, and the light bulb at the other end of the long rectangle, and show that in that case, there is a speed of light delay before the light bulb gets the first "bump" of current which is nearly the same as the delay for it to get full current.
Oooooohh shiiii here we go again!
So... In other words, electricity flows like water. Assuming that water can push far away droplets too.
Based and grounded.
amazing video  thank you for explanation
78k views 37 minutes
I'll admit I did like watching some of the other people's videos as a result of yours, so it had its upsides. I didn't think your earlier video was "wrong", but I did find it a bit misleading. This video is way more thorough and clear. Excellent work
Induction is lovely. Magnetic field can be seen with eyes near high voltage pilone at 400-736kva+ and it's beautiful.
The distributed-element transmission-line model is what makes my brain happy with the whole situation. The fact that real wires 1 meter apart ARE IDENTICAL to many idealized theoretical inductors, capacitors, and resistors somehow clicks with me much better than trying to see the big picture of the fields involved.
A cop out explanation. Nowhere did you admit that your original answer was only partially correct given the vague question.  Only admitted that he should have mentioned exact units which is irrelevant to the actual matter of why the heated discussion occured.   Would have gotten 99 +Respect if you however would have put aside your desire to be correct and would have comprehensibly explained the entire dynamic and when and why the other answers were wrong or correct too. Still 49 +Respect for the much better video this time.
These response videos are the internet versions of the letters that academics sent each other in the early days of science to prove and argue each other's points. It's great to be able to see it being done right before our eyes without having to read through some complicated math equations and jargon.
13:35 - Is that then supposed to be how an antenna works or?
im looking forward to the next collaboration
Why did he set up that circuit so much higher from the ground? They're using ladders and stuff just to balance the scope, almost falling from them. Why 🤷‍♂?
I can't get my bathroom light to stop flickering. It's doing it pretty quick... so it all checks out.
Y'all I just want y'all to know AlphaPhoenix already tested it, really great video! For sure worth a watch!
I'm gonna wait for electroboom's analysis
Basically.......engineering vs pure science
This feels like YouTube drama, but you actually learn stuff.
we need experiment not simulation
You never answered my question about whether magnetism is caused by relativity or not.
Still not Complete.......  Ok but but....  How it solve this problem.....  Thinking how battery works...  Chemically there's ions + and - in the battery which is separated from neutral atom by external forces by charging for example in rechargeable cell...  So if as you said electron doesn't flow from  the Battery Negative terminal to positive terminal via load instead all existing electrons in the circuits bump in resistive load by just electric field powered by battery emf but so far so good but....  In the end battery will out of energy because it's providing Electric field to the circuit to do some work yeah it's right for conservation of energy point of view but at chemical levels how battery runs out of energy it's because its all separated ions which is positive ion and electron are collided with each other so how they meet each other if electron haven't moves from battery negative terminal to positive via circuit and load and also its not possible for the electron to go internally to meet positive ion because separator of the battery doesn't allow electron to pass through it but only allows to pass positive ion.  Conclusion..  If electron doesn't move from battery negative terminal to positive terminal then how it's possible that battery chemical become neutral when battery discharge? Electron have to meet positive ion during discharging.....   Explain it as well derek??
That explains a lot of my confusion from the first video. Thank you. I literally thought you meant that the field outside the wire was what carried all the energy from the battery to the bulb and something like a shielded while would prevent the energy from getting to the bulb.  The question I have is, if we're not to think of that energy isn't being carried by the push of electrons, but by the field inside the wire, how does a battery do work to change the field inside the wire? How can that work of aligning charges be stored? And if we're not thinking in terms of current and amperage, how can you provide too strong of a field that may overheat the wires?
I like how he says he's wrong and also that he is not completely wrong. This shows his mutualism to the community of science. Enjoyed the video!
In the thought experiment, you must use a superconductor cable, and it can't be insulated. If so, we can use the electromagnetic induction to light the bubble.
Based
Those poor electrical engineers ... I believe they blindly use Kirchoff Laws without even knowing that they are the results of electromagnetic theory.
“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough” Albert Einstein.  Am not saying you don't understand it enough, rather the point that conveying ideas in least words leaves little chance for ambiguity. That's the issue of the original video, you could've made it way more clear if you just started with this line 21:24. Mucho thanks for it anyway definitely an eye opener.
Instead of accepting that your assumptions were wrong in the first video you changed the explanations from the first video to better suit your testing in this new video :) You are right on this video, but wrong in your first video because you didn't understood what was happening. Electronic Engineer here.
Great video! This one, and your video about sailing faster than the wind, are some of your best! It's not the answer, or even the explanation, really, that makes a good video. The process by which you understand is central and happens as you construct the explanation to get the answer.
Why was the 10m setup mounted so high up?
I like this argument, because people are using math, facts and experiments instead of offensing each other. Guys arguing about politics should learn from this.
Engineer gaming
Fields are interesting because popular media has not caught up with this idea, where as in physics they are very important. So people don’t think about fields, we still think about particles doing everything.
Still not Complete.......  Ok but but....  How it solve this problem.....  Thinking how battery works...  Chemically there's ions + and - in the battery which is separated from neutral atom by external forces by charging for example in rechargeable cell...  So if as you said electron doesn't flow from  the Battery Negative terminal to positive terminal via load instead all existing electrons in the circuits bump in resistive load by just electric field powered by battery emf but so far so good but....  In the end battery will out of energy because it's providing Electric field to the circuit to do some work yeah it's right for conservation of energy point of view but at chemical levels how battery runs out of energy it's because its all separated ions which is positive ion and electron are collided with each other so how they meet each other if electron haven't moves from battery negative terminal to positive via circuit and load and also its not possible for the electron to go internally to meet positive ion because separator of the battery doesn't allow electron to pass through it but only allows to pass positive ion.  Conclusion..  If electron doesn't move from battery negative terminal to positive terminal then how it's possible that battery chemical become neutral when battery discharge? Electron have to meet positive ion during discharging.....   Explain it as well derek??
Well, electrons do not just push each other, they both push and pull each other in most simulations I am familiar with.  Anyway classic Derek, leaving half of the problem out (like he is trying to describe an antenna) and being surprised people did not understand him.
Derek, your videos are amazing and I love them!
Still not Complete.......  Ok but but....  How it solve this problem.....  Thinking how battery works...  Chemically there's ions + and - in the battery which is separated from neutral atom by external forces by charging for example in rechargeable cell...  So if as you said electron doesn't flow from  the Battery Negative terminal to positive terminal via load instead all existing electrons in the circuits bump in resistive load by just electric field powered by battery emf but so far so good but....  In the end battery will out of energy because it's providing Electric field to the circuit to do some work yeah it's right for conservation of energy point of view but at chemical levels how battery runs out of energy it's because its all separated ions which is positive ion and electron are collided with each other so how they meet each other if electron haven't moves from battery negative terminal to positive via circuit and load and also its not possible for the electron to go internally to meet positive ion because separator of the battery doesn't allow electron to pass through it but only allows to pass positive ion.  Conclusion..  If electron doesn't move from battery negative terminal to positive terminal then how it's possible that battery chemical become neutral when battery discharge? Electron have to meet positive ion during discharging.....   Explain it as well derek??
Waiting for the electricity debunked video 👌🏻
Thanks a lot for this follow up! Fascinating stuff.  Honestly, though, i am mostly relieved by the fact that the bulb does in fact not fully turn on after 1m/c. I mean, I thought that was the claim (and question) in the first video, but I now understand what he was getting at, and that *some non-negligible* current .is set up very fast, but then the bulk of the current actually follows the wire. I still think more emphasis could have been put on that point (even though it was clear from the final experiments and briefly mentioned in passing).
This makes me think about heat distribution when I weld.
Still not Complete.......  Ok but but....  How it solve this problem.....  Thinking how battery works...  Chemically there's ions + and - in the battery which is separated from neutral atom by external forces by charging for example in rechargeable cell...  So if as you said electron doesn't flow from  the Battery Negative terminal to positive terminal via load instead all existing electrons in the circuits bump in resistive load by just electric field powered by battery emf but so far so good but....  In the end battery will out of energy because it's providing Electric field to the circuit to do some work yeah it's right for conservation of energy point of view but at chemical levels how battery runs out of energy it's because its all separated ions which is positive ion and electron are collided with each other so how they meet each other if electron haven't moves from battery negative terminal to positive via circuit and load and also its not possible for the electron to go internally to meet positive ion because separator of the battery doesn't allow electron to pass through it but only allows to pass positive ion.  Conclusion..  If electron doesn't move from battery negative terminal to positive terminal then how it's possible that battery chemical become neutral when battery discharge? Electron have to meet positive ion during discharging.....   Explain it as well derek??
One question: when the circuit is broken on one side, there's no such surface charge difference on the switch - would it still behave the same? Also, is there difference if the circuit is broken on both sides?
At 16:26, Shouldn't there have been Inductors modelled in the lower wire also?
And here I am still figuring out how to solve circuits using Kirchoff's Laws
Aspiring Electrical Engineer on his third year here. I don't think anyone was refuting the fact that "of course the current on one side creates a field that induces a current on the other side before it reaches trough the loop" but rather the question and the assumptions beforehand were misleading because although you use lumped elements in the circuit you showed, you also used transmission line model without specifically saying they were real wires thus transmission lines. In lumped element models the actual wires/lines are irrelevant as long as they don't have any Reactance which would get modeled by using a lumped capacitor or a lumped inductor. So all of this could have been avoided if you worded the question better, by clarifying that the cables were real cables and that only *some* part of the energy would get transferred as the induced current and that the full power would come after the electric field traveled the entire circuit during the explanation, which was a BIG detail you didn't include on your original video.
I think you did that not-so-clear/open-to-debate first video as a well planned activity bait. You got all the activity and interaction because of that only. ;)
Ok but but....  How it solve this problem.....  Thinking how battery works...  Chemically there's ions + and - in the battery which is separated from neutral atom by external forces by charging for example in rechargeable cell...  So if as you said electron doesn't flow from  the Battery Negative terminal to positive terminal via load instead all existing electrons in the circuits bump in resistive load by just electric field powered by battery emf but so far so good but....  In the end battery will out of energy because it's providing Electric field to the circuit to do some work yeah it's right for conservation of energy point of view but at chemical levels how battery runs out of energy it's because its all separated ions which is positive ion and electron are collided with each other so how they meet each other if electron haven't moves from battery negative terminal to positive via circuit and load and also its not possible for the electron to go internally to meet positive ion because separator of the battery doesn't allow electron to pass through it but only allows to pass positive ion.  Conclusion..  If electron doesn't move from battery negative terminal to positive terminal then how it's possible that battery chemical become neutral when battery discharge? Electron have to meet positive ion during discharging.....   Explain it as well derek??
Great!! Im gonna teach this to kindergartens rn
Wow
I am honestly baffled and underwhelmed by this response, especially when you said you saw " misconceptions" in the responses to your videos.  I watched almost all the responses you captioned in the edit at the beginning of your video and a significant portion of your response is reinstating what they said though yours was more aesthetically pleasing. If you are going to attempt to "challenge" physicists, you have to be accurate in your assumptions. They took you literally on your assumptions, challenged you on them, understood the motives behind your experiment, generally AGREED with you, but called you on assumptions you visualized and stated adamantly. A significantly less energy arriving at the bulb at 1m/c s is a total game changer to your assumption of the original video. I appreciate you following up with the responses. However, the misconceptions you saw in their responses ( 2:35 ) were yours to begin with. Cheers
i'm not going to pretend to understand everything you said, but i'm still confused as to why my ping from canada to australia is 300ms
Thanks a lot Derek now you break all of the casualties and misconceptions that i had for a long time ❤❤
Wow, this has got to be the most clear description of how electricity works at a complex level. Those visualisations were super helpful!
Thanks for explaining, i still dont understand lol
I wonder if Tesla and Bell had these type of discussions back in the day...
When I saw the videos that argued whether the bulb will light up in 1/c s or not, I was convinced that Derek is wrong. But today he has proven that his subscribers won't be misled.  It is fascinating to see how so many people oppose him but he always wins. First that professor who lost 10000 dollars and now those you tubers who opposed him.  Beware of Derek 😎
Internet's most wholesome physics collaboration
Janta eles derek
I am going to say that for the first time I actually understand electricity. Thank you Derek.
Can anyone pinpoint the 30ns difference at occur from travel speed of e-field. Is it between the rising edge of green and the rising edge of yellow?  It is longer than 50ns from what i saw.
You are assuming the one way speed of light is the same as the round trip speed of light I suppose? 😜
This video is way above my pay grade ! 🤔😑🙄
I'm pretty sure you misunderstood Electrobooms video, you at least showed some clips in a different context. The leakage current wasn't his main point, and he wasn't actually disagreeing with you in the end, he just thought your model was a bit flawed and incomplete. He even explained it the same way you did with capacitors and inductors along the wire.
@Veritasium A great video Derek! Just a little suggestion: to make your videos more viral, try using the text you use in the thumbnail as the title of the video, 'cause generally your thumbnail text is more catchy. I think it will make a great difference.
All the universe is fields, and all the particles merely players.
Excellent follow up :-)
However, the stable current that is predicted by the Ohm's law will appear after a significant amount of time (proportional to the length of the circuit). I think this was the main argument against the first video. A temporary flash was not contrary to our intuition. (Edit: I still need to understand why the initial small current is steady)
so the light will turn on almost instantly, and explode after 1 second.
This could be a valuable tool. Not this video, no no no. Putting out a video that is incorrect that then sparks massive response. Okay maybe not incorrect but maybe asking a question but heavily implying the wrong answer.
This was a super interesting watch/follow-up. Thank you very much! There is one thing that I haven't been able to reason about though. At roughly the 13 minute mark you say that the bulb would illuminate even if there was a break in the circuit because of the electric field the bulb would experience. Assuming there was a break in the circuit, what would produce said electric field? Is it because of the "setup/rearrangement" of the surface charges occurring now that that amount of wire connected to the negative lead has dramatically increased? Additionally, how long would the bulb remain illuminated for (again under the assumption there is a break in the circuit)?
Knowing the difference now between why the light turns on, and why the light stays on, makes this make a lot more sense, I think. Weird to think about how since the completeness of the circuit doesn’t matter, therefore all power sources affect all lights everywhere wirelessly though.
Cheers to you for being able to explain physics to engineers and "engineers" :D First the faster than the wind device, and now this.... at least these debates got us great followup videos!
The reaction videos dissenting and agreeing with the assertions made in the first video really are fantastic to see--this is science! It relies on disagreements between experts to drive understanding forward, through in-depth dissections of hypotheses and the experiments conducted to prove/disprove said hypotheses.
wow
Dueling scientists 👌
Having not always understood the finer points of this area of physics to a larger extent I enjoyed this video. It refreshed old knowledge and clarified some things.
Here ya go Tesla. Good on ya.  Veritasium freakin rocks.  Quality stuff always.
You are so good at teaching that even when you screw up, people learn more than they otherwise would have.
I absolutely love science and the curiosity it invites.
What about holeeeees
I wasn't convinced by the original video but this helped clear things up, thanks
Before i continue to watch the vide right now 2 minutes into it.  I love this! no matter the topic we claim or showcase, the idea that is a comunication between people around the world who can object or test or criticize the topic is what science is all about!!
ok. Liked, annnnnnnnd watch
Makes perfect sense. There's a reason for insulation to power cords and the required easement distance from overhead power lines.
People really need to remember that most engineering-centric views of the world are, at their core, useful simplifications.  Just like how an electrical engineer doesn't need to think about quarks when discussing how semiconductors work (since it is more or less "irrelevant"), an electrical engineer also doesn't need to "fully" consider how energy is actually dissipated to a load, but instead must simply understand and be able to model (with a sufficient degree of accuracy) what is happening.  As a computer engineer, I also like to think of this as an abstraction, similar to how someone writing software really doesn't need to understand "exactly" what the CPU is doing in order to sufficiently write a piece of software (unless you are obviously writing low-level code which interacts with assembly or something).
Would never work, the wire is so long that any voltage would diminish to 0 due to bolt drop. Argument ended
We would never learn stuff like this at school
ah here it is ! Thank you :D ! Correcting misunderstandings and mistakes is very important in science and I'm really happy you did it
This is the great explanation and experiment. However, it clearly shows the majority energy is transferred along the wires. To be fair, I think the answer to the original question is 1s.
There is one point that still not clarified that the amount of energy that travels through the gap is much less than that travelled through the wire and that is the main point since only negligible energy will reach the lamp and u assumed it is enough for the lump to light The problem is that the true calculated energy will travel through the wire not through the gap and that's why it will depend on the length of wires Why getting a lump closer with keeping the same length won't make it brighter? Just Because the Change is negligible as I mentioned and only the length of wire matter since only negligible energy flows through space
And here I am, watching this and realizing that I watched most of the replies Derek mentions. I am such a big fan of the youtube science and engineering communicator community. Thank you again to all of you. Chain fountain argument anyone?
SCIENCE FIGHT!!!
Thank you, in aviation this stuff can kill people if ignored.
Fantastic video, but I think one mistake remained. At 13:04, the information is already there at the beginning. In the potential difference between the ends of the switch. With the broken wire, it is different than with the continuous wire. That's why the behaviour will not be the same. I think this is still a mistake in the video. Otherwise, thanks for this video.
19:52 I think this is what I have the biggest problem with. Intentionally vague questions just feel cheap.
The best way I have thought about this is water… a water drop can be called an “electron” It doesn’t have energy to give but when a gradient or “voltage” is given the river flows. The energy from the river doesn’t come from the water drop but how highly on the mountain it starts
Hats off man. You're a hero!
When he went over the lattice and the electron striking it to create the energy, and the magnetic field pushing the electron...it finally clicked for me. This whole time everybody is like "no the energy comes from around the wire!" and I kept going "I KNOW BUT HOW?!?!?!"
Check out AlphaPhoenix' version of this experiment too!
Great video. I feel like a lot of the responses to the first video completely missed the point that you were making about the energy going through the fields because of people getting hung up on the thought experiment, and you acknowledging that is great. However, I also think a lot of people in the comments section, angrily criticizing the video exemplified the Dunning-Kruger effect in a lot of ways. I find that people who are smart in one specialized subject tend to think they know more than they do about others without taking the added time of doing the actual research and learning required to actually know something. You actually took the time to do the experiment, look up lectures, and even worked with people on the models, in order to verify your initial claims, which is more than the armchair PhDs that got irrationally upset that the world doesn't conform to an earlier worldview or a basical model.  The Lumped Element Model is a simplification for practical applications, like how Classical Newtonian Physics is a simplification for the scales we work at in real life.
Why is his circuit 10ft off the ground? Don't wasn't to drop that scope of the ladder 😅
My brain works like this - if you say something that doesnt make sense, it will start bugging me... i will gradually lose attention as long as that bugging feeling is not resolved. so the reaction was something like this "Yo, that literally breaks causality if you assume the presumptions are true" - but it did cause me to go search and realise just how big the effect of these fields are.  So the initial video, did not resolve the bugging feeling... and when it didnt, i went to look for answers.. and because of my awareness of confirmation bias... i did not get a resolution for quite a few days...
Brilliant
Might have to watch this a few times to get it
😏 Maybe We're The 1st Spiritist* Pop-Metal Or Rock Band In This World But Don't Pay Much Attention To Our Neanderthal English, HaHa ❤️ Haa *NOTE: Spiritist is who professes Spiritism, the Gospel continuation It has began with the books by Allan Kardec and continued in the books by Francisco C. Xavier, the greatest and more important medium/prophet of spirits of the last centuries
Hold up, the bulb will light up regardless of the circuit being complete? Than what about the switch. Contradictory. Confusing af
me like
This was very informative, it's not just a science fact video; you can also learn stuff from it that is not taught much at highschool (grade 9-12) level. And the fact that the video builds up to those bigger concepts (even though I know that Derek is still touching them just at the surface level) is nice and elementary enough for the people who even have just some basic knowledge about electricity to understand the video.  It was indeed a great watch and a learning experience.
I love the fact the first video stimulated such a conversation with many other YT creators I follow, ie Dave and BigClive , I congratulate Veritasium for tackling and then reviewing the evidence he presents, this is that Science is, is it not?
Respect.
Thank god. The first video was completely unsatisfying.
Second time's the charm! This is much better than the first one, but it still was an interesting conversation with the response videos.
@Electroboom
It's clever, I admit, but you have mistaken 2 different things for each other.  I accept and admit when you first connect the battery, that an induced current at 1m will indeed be possible, but it will not sustain at the rate you suggest.  Instead, the induced current will drop away LONG before the actual circuit current activates the bulb permanently.  In fact, you could not tell that brief initial induced activation apart from random interference from other sources of sufficient power.  Finally, I notice that your light and battery aren't a meter apart.  I suspect that if they were, the initial induced current would not even be noticeable above background noise, indeed it would just be part of the noise itself.  Do we need to get into details like ideal zero resistance wires or voltage sources powerful enough to overcome a light second of normal wire that might cause larger initial induction spikes (which, again isn't part of the actual circuit, but rather represent unintended background interference)?
Thanks for the clarification Derek! It's nice to see that you made a video to end this story ark, is like you were in the other side of the story about the wind powered car.
What Veritasium created with his first video was like a shitstorm loaded with positive (constructive) energy :D
It is amazing how many people did not listen to you in the original video.   You said assuming no resistance and that the bulb would light immediately with any current.    You were not explaining how electricity works in the real world.  It was more of a thought experiment excluding a lot of real world physics.
You did it...you crazy son of a bitch ...you did it...props to you
The Goat
if you want to know the secret of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency, and vibration....  -nikola tesla
i might miss this part but does anybody know why they build the circuit on the top of those piles instead of a shorter stand like a desk?
Funny how school teaches us the exact opposite of reality when it comes to electricity. Everybody always said electrons "flow" through the wire carrying energy. Strait lies! xD
Some people are going to have to eat a huge plate of crow. I am an electrical engineer agreed with the original video. I spent some time at a linear accelerator lab where this type of issue came up in many experiments with high speed  components and very fine timing. In spite of me having seen this proved as right there were people arguing causality being broken. miniscule currents and so on. I took on many arguments but only a couple of people were willing to admit they were wrong.
I think the last issue with the last video is that, although not explicitly stated, but it feels that it is implied that full voltage will be observed after 1m/c. Also, it is not fair to pick out electroboom's video about leakage electrons. I think his main point was that you cannot arbitrarily assume the required voltage to on the light bulb to whatever you desire.
Does anyone else have the animated bulb filament permanently burned into their retina?
I finally understood this problem when a youtuber I don't remember the name compared this to a capacitor and then later to an antenna. It perfectly matches both the electrical field and magnetic explanations
You are making us feel science thank you sir
I love this..more so coz i pretty much understood everything he said..every term,formula and explanation were known to me
best explained veritasium video 👍 love it
Bravo! Finally we bring this back around and have to explain why they need to use ideals. The actual mechanics behind the electrical event is soo thrilling, especially when you know how it really happens.
1) In your initial video, you represented the flow of energy coming from both ends of the battery's terminals to the load. But what happens when one of the battery terminal wires is grounded and one of the load wires is also grounded? Both ends of this circuit would be at zero potential. Energy will still flow and hence does not require both wires. Only one wire is sufficient.   2) Any common wire has resistance. There will be some radial inflow of energy corresponding to the energy lost as heat. Thus it makes sense that some energy directionally points to the wire, as the wire acts as a "sink" of EM energy, transforming it as heat. To bring the point home more powerfully, I would suggest you do a follow up with a superconducting wire. Now, this radial component will be eliminated, as superconductors do not dissipate EM energy as heat - and most of the energy will be flowing from one pole of the battery to the load, tangentially all around the wire,  where most magnetic and electric fields are located, as per Poynting vector. There will be no more radial component of energy being dissipated inside the wire as it is superconducting. Its as it a spatial mechanism of "cogs and gears" was activated in a thin sheath around the wire. The wire is only akin to a 3D road channeling the energy. Hence you were absolutely correct in your initial assertion "ENERGY DOES NOT FLOW IN THE WIRE".
I’m completely fine with my preconceptions being broken about electricity. We still say the electrons flow from positive to negative by convention. Man, that’s wrong in like every way.
Then what about charging our mobile .......is it the same case (transfer of energy)
13:34 That looks like the waves I thought would appear in the wire.
God I love science!
At the end everything is wireless so cool
If you want an answer to a question on the internet, don’t post the question. Post a (seemingly) wrong answer 😅 - Veritasium Corollary to Cunningham’s Law
ok so I have a doubt  shouldn't the energy transferred to the bulb increase as the current passes through the wire for example  idk the actual numbers so let it be like this the energy takes 1 s to travel across the 1 m in light speed and it takes 100s for it to complete circuit then shouldn't the transferred energy keep on increasing from 1s-100s (till it reaches max) but why does it jump at 100th s mark to max energy
And this is why we use twisted pair, microstrip, coax, etc. lines to contain EM fields. This is essentially an EMI or spark gap transmitter demonstration.
Damn! This dude is making me relearn absolutely basic science.
Admitting your mistake is a better path to knowledge than bending the rules trying to explain you were right. Excellent video, both educative and humbling
A lot of people don't own up to mistakes, spread the good deeds.
I really enjoyed witnessing this dialogue and I found a few new great YouTubers because of it
25 minutes to say the light turns up faster cause of induction
3:54  I read that it is the thermal  velocity (due to temp. of the conductor) heat energy.........>kinetic energy pls justify
BRAVO DEREK!
Amazing person. I think by proving vital concept, wrong methodology was used only. I think it just shows how grip and tight science community is. Love you all.
So many smart people here..  Too many if you ask me..
It's funny how everyone swears up and down they are right and the other guy is wrong when, in fact, everyone is wrong. These are theories and models of reality, they are not reality. What really is going on is not known and will never be known because you can't prove physics. It's ridiculous people don't understand this and squabble over "how XX actually works. I'm god, trust me bro, I know it all!". And for anyone that wants to reply, at least know how to solve a freaken differential equation or know what a hermitian matrix is, else you are clueless.
Coming in hot with LIGO scientists. GOATed response.
So horrible video. A million price instrument on a ladder.🤣
I still have this feeling of a "play on words". What does "carry the energy" even mean? In a train, what moves the train forward? Friction between the wheels and the tracks? Rotation of the wheels? Electrons turning the wheels? The electric field in the wires? The coal in some powerplant somewhere? What keeps the moon in place? Gravity? Or the mass of the Earth? Maybe I just don't get it.
23:29 bruh
YouTubers heading towards this video: 🏃🏃🏃🏃🏃🏃
Hmmm, what if the bulb is way too far away or if it is shielded. Does that still agree with the fact the fields move electrons? Also, you are showing electrons flowing like water. So your argument is that they don't get pushed like marbles but rather the fields?
Wow if this was taught in HS I wouldn’t have been so confused till today. TY
As an electrical engineer I surely am excited what's in the video
Keep making those controversial videos because they inspire so many people to try and prove you wrong. Honestly I think this way you all together will come up with the next revolutionary discovery.
science beef is lit
So Derek is the modern Tesla?
Science YouTubers like you, who have become so successful theyre financially stable, give me hope that society is in the verge of another renaissance so to speak. I feel like it gives a way for us to start to understand things previously out of reach. Your curiosity and finances could directly impact the quality of life in humanity in the future. With the ease of access to information for the average man to tune in and learn, I think will affect humanity in ways we can’t even fathom as of yet. So long as we don’t blow ourselves up or get lost in the mass amounts of debauchery and falsehoods that are ever increasingly forced down our throats. Thank you for putting your money where your mouth is for all of us to learn a thing or two. You’re a great asset to humanity, as I stated; even more so than I think we’re capable of realizing in the present.
I like this, the debate, each trying to debate
Some of the experienced YouTubers were really making mockery of the thought experiment by talking about units and other stuff which really annoyed me. I hope this video shuts them up a bit because the real discussion should have been about fields.
Lots of technical jargon, perfect for me to sleep.
After watching this explanation I am feeling like I learnt entire electrical engineering on different assumption of how electrical energy flows.....🤯 Thanks for the explanation. Really appreciated 👏
I love how feedback from the community resulted in an even more thorough answer than the original video.
Waiting for electric boom!😂
before I watch how many times has the title changed?
Fantastic.  I loved the buzz the first video generated and learned even more from this one.  I'll never look at a battery the same way again :)
It is kinda sophistic to say that you were right. You talked in the original video as if the light bulb would recieve the full energy flow immediately, and it didn't.
Babe wake up, there's en update to the electrical nerd fight
Wait.  The setup needs 1 year if you use 1ly cables instead of 0.5light-seconds wires?   So, you won't be able to do the experiment for a year?
Science is making mistakes and building upon them. I think he's actually explained it better than his critics too, which is a win for everyone.
Shocking
ooooooh SNAP! The internet goes wild!!
I will not be satisfied until we see a 1:1 scale test. Make the damn wire!
Derek has elevated his YouTube game from breaking down complex concepts into simple videos that the general masses can enjoy to complexifying "simple" concepts taught in high school and entry level physics college courses to upper class/masters/PhD levels to entertain the general masses.
I thought one light second was 300000km.
Science is what people should argue about. Not twitter or tiktok dramas.
Good to sea Alpha Phoenix getting some love
Awesome how criticism prompted an explanation magnitudes greater than the original. Personally I found that the original had too much "wow, science is crazy! Your preconceptions are WRONG!" Vibe to it. I love the meticulous attention to explain all aspects of the problem, from just about every angle, and in a more or less neutral manner. Much prefer this video style to your other ones.
Shits wild
This explanation def makes a lot more sense for me. Also you don't need to look at anything so modern as a cordless phone charger to prove disconnected circuits interact. Transformers are mostly just two inductors put right next to each other, generating current via the other's electric field. Parasitic inductance is a thing you have to worry about when making any sensitive, compact or high speed circuits. Current is generated when an electric field is present.
mistake are made to correct them ..................motivated me a lot
Verdict, it was at first a bad experiment and misleading. Thanks for correcting it and making it much more plausible.
The meta takeaway for me through this whole thing about "is he right/wrong?" is how humans' preconceived notions about reality skew how they interpret and perceive new information.
I'm going to be on top of the MUSIC INDUSTRY, I promise 😈💯🌎🚀
You got help from Richard?? Now there’s no way this goes wrong. Can’t wait to see the rest of this video!
In the original video you made it sound like inductance induced current was the only current that was going to reach the lightbulb and indeed your timing for that was correct, but not even mentioning that a greater current was on it's way to reach it after two seconds was misleading and confusing, since many people assumed you didn't mean inductance in the original question which is indeed vague. Vague is ok, but being silent about the second wave of current in the original video was unfair to millions of people who supposedly guessed wrong. People care about the truth, plus they want to be right. Could have avoided years of pointless discussion, but at least it led to this much better video 🤍
Awesome, just awesome
My heart skipped a beat when you put the $50k oscope on top of the ladder. 😲
I agree with your closing words about the response videos. It felt like a discussion among different scientific works, something one encounters in papers.
electroboom where you at?
😵
I’d like to know if we see lights out there that are not now there, are we not there either, if those lights are looking at us.
Wonderfull
Ben Watson seems fresh out of school
How does down quark convert into up quark in beta minus decay? In wiki it says that down quark enters into superposition of up quarks while converting into up quark what causes this superposition?
Derek - You will possibly get lots of responses from this video as well.  I liked the explanations of the new video..  It appears that you have spend lots of time on it! I absolutely agree that its important to get responses from everybody... The truth is out there!
This was a good revisit. After watching the original I didn’t feel like it made enough sense. It wasn’t until Alpha Phoenix posted his experiment that I understood the point you were actually aiming for.
I used to love electroboom in elementary school/ half of high school. Going to University made me realize that his knowledge is very lackluster. He is a respectable electrician, no doubt. But he should stay away from explaining any kind of theory on a deeper level, because his simplified analogues aren't quite right and doesn't really know what he is even talking about.
I've heard the story of a guy who put a wire below an electrical line to grab that field and "steal" electricity. Only reason he was caught was he was bragging about the setup.
This video is what the first one should've been. If you're going to show that a common held belief is at least partly erroneous then you're going to have to delve a bit deeper into the nitty gritty of things.
It may be criticsisom or supporting, if a bunch of physics lovers come together & discuss about a single topic so intensely, it is just awesome to watch!!!
Its funny this comes out today cause my Physics 2 college class just finished up our electicity unit and I knew basically all of this cause its fresh in my memory
Hey @electroboom,check it out
These discussion videos are great. It was very nice to look at the original and some answers and now this better explanation of what was perceived as lacking.
Brilliant!
Damn that's so crazy. I have no clue about anything he said but I agree I think
SCIENTIST BATTLE
..nice Derek.. that was great..the visualisations where perfect... ...and nice you didnt go with some clickbait title..thanks..
noice
Half of the engineering youtuber population now owes Derek $10k
If you refuse to admit you're wrong, you don't love the work - you love appearing smart. Props to Derek for not only admitting when he got things wrong, but for amending it and actively trying to find the correct answer, rather than make up evidence for why his first belief was right.
What if the wires form a square of 1light year ?
Basically this is what nikola tesla proved sith his tesla coils. 😊
How would a bulb light up when the switch is connected but there isn't a circuit connected??
My head hurts, but thank you
May I just say, my physics teacher religiously made sure we knew it was electric fields that cause the flow of energy. When I learned physics 122 that was the biggest importance to here. She did use water as an example and hoses and all that since it is intuitive, but always stated it was the electric field that caused motion. Hell, most of the class is on electric fields not electron flow.
So you just showed a bunch of people making breakdowns of why your video was misleading and then proceeded to talk about misconceptions that the people in those videos didn't talk about. Bruh
Doesn't matter if you're right or wrong but people will be smarter after the debate.
9:00 _starts having flashbacks to a level physics exam at age 18_ nnnnnnoooooOOOOOO!! 😫😫😵‍💫☠️
You should troll the internet and make a completely false premise on something and watch the reactions. This one was great because it sparked so much discussion, ideas, and debates!!
/me waits for a radio-astronomer to mention something about radio frequency interference
Anjaaayy
How did the World end. (I did the experiment)
I've been waiting for this very patiently
27,331st
Congratulations!   I was one of the ones complaining about the initial video!   This is a really nice explanatory video and it is appreciated as a EE!
I was skeptical after the first video but I’m glad to say I think you explained yourself a lot better this time around and won me over
Your rebuttal videos are always the best
I was blown off by original video. But on the second thought how else would wireless charging works ?
cool video i really like it keep up the good work! maybe you could do a video on computer science next?
6:54 how is this not just having a very small differential charge density?
Electricity is just like an enlightment.
Fact checkers are inbound in 3... 2. 1.
I feel dumb listening to him, hopefully one day i will know enough science to understand this once again.
first few minutes you understand, the rest is just a funny words by magic man, still props to him for explaining
Sounds very much like lift for a wing (above and below)
I was worried about the radio signal, too. I took one look at your built example and it reminded me of the hf antenna I used to deploy.
Maybe 100% unintentional maybe not but I see Derek as a modern day Socratean (real word? now it is) gadfly. He encourages discourse.
love it !
Nature 💟
I was one of the doubters. Being able to be wrong is great, thanks Derek!
if the current can jump cables, how is there not all of the interference everywhere all of the time?
People are so focused in the "circuit" part that they don't see the full picture...
Me: trying to grossly overly simplify everything so anyone can understand.  Veritasium: ha! I'm going to melt everyone's mind and make them question reality, hold my beer.
I am pretty sure he deliberately made ppl speak to prove them wrong. What a lad
electro boom cries
444th comment
So this video was uploaded 21 minutes ago, as i write this comment. Just about half an hour ago though, I was getting a youtube recommendation to watch the first video on this topic.  How did that work wow
It's SO exciting to see science being built!!! it's like in the old days scientist would publish papers, then other scientist would disagree and publish another paper disagreeing.... theeeen often times there was a conclusion after "N" published papers... now it's just YT video after YT video after YT video, but ElectroBOOM vs Steve Mould... Veritasium vs electroBOOM, Mat Parker, Smarter Everyday, etc... this is amazing.
V: "The surface charge description is omitted from most textbooks..." Me: "Weird, I remember hearing about that in my E&M class." V: "...but there's a great treatment of it in Matter and Interactions by Chabay and Sherwood." Me: "Hey, I recognize that book!"
This is what science is about
I can understand the argument with naked conductors, but what happens whit shielded cables in which the Electric field is always radial and doesn't exit from the cable itself?
Only Respect for the scientific community.   Why waste time in political discussion when you can battle to prove your scientific point 💡
Moral of the Story: Don't rely solely on "Physicists", go ask Engineers, they know this topic by heart.
His explanation at 17:20 cleared it up for me!
hi
finally, redemption
OK, I had questions after the first video, I thought you were wrong. You've answered them, and I think you're right!
less goo
mald
Again expanding the boundry of the knowledge of the people on youtube! :)
Fishing for another 10k, I see
👍💪🙏
AlphaPhoenix already made a great video about this
This is what I've been trying to say!
It's interesting that we use electricity everyday, without truly understanding how it works.
Being unclear in science is the best , people freak out and can solve literally anything just to prove someone else wrong Please do a video on "who is god" It would be funny to see people trying to justify literally a non-existent thing (or ofcourse everyone would agree and it wont be funny at all)
Now I got it! 😊
Is charge density actually zero everywhere? I don’t think that’s true if you have a battery. Batteries have differential charge density.
Convenient timing of this video, i was half asleep in my last physics class where we were going more in-depth into electricity
This debacle has been too much fun
Absolutely beautiful explanation.
I do greatly appreciate the Internet calling people out and allowing debate. Without debate we're just stuck in echo chambers which is never a good thing.
i knew it
I usually understand Veritasium videos, but this one seems to be going in one ear and out the other for me, like the electrons I'm seeing in the video. Electrical engineering is not my strong suit lol
What if your content consisted of more experiments like this and you end up doing research and publishing it on youtube. That'd be kinda sick.
O boy here we go again... the number of reaction videos from this video is about to engulf my recommend vids 😪
Transmission is done by fields is not clearly explained in high schools, and upon deep thinking in the University level, was it clear to us why it is not the matter transmitting energy, but the fields doing so, in each case.
Veritasium was the kid who actually brought 30 watermelons for the math problem
So if you stand close to a live wire, why is it that you don't get electrocuted by the electric field it produces, but do get electrocuted if you touch it, completing the circuit.
I love how you know when the music kicks in, it's getting real close to the answer.
Science youtuber dramma is the best!
Where did the electric field come from?  Physicists from 2100 AD watching this video: The electric field was attracted from another dimension! KEKW!
"Begun the light bulb war has." - Master Yoda
Thank you for maintaining a respectful conversation. Great job correcting and explaining respectfully. Watched a lot of response videos to the last video and while found the community very supportive as a whole, some creators responded in more of a disrespectful tone regarding this situation. They made it more about mocking Derek rather than explaining the phenomenon. Such approach severely discourages people from admitting flaws in their take and creates more delusion than it solves.
Watching this I know why I stoped phisics to do philosophy. Still great vid
Yesterday I was thinking that why do veritasium videos take more time to come, and see there's another one.thank you Derek
great video!!!
I’m getting my bowl of popcorn!
Electroboom head explosion incoming .... eyebrows be raised
In quantum physics I heard if an electron faces two paths it would go through both of them
this man is the next Einstein
pretty embarrassing that the other you-tubers you showed don't comprehend high school physics
This explains
You know what? That explains why I never have to charge my electric shaver. It keeps displaying 10% battery.  In the time I'am not using it the surface charge can keep building up an it lives on like a semi-infinite engery loop. Here is a question tho. Is this surface charge building up cause of natural energy crashing into it sometimes (like radiation or something)?
What would happen if all the wires were encased in concrete, or lead, or whatever else could stop the electric field propagating? Would it still work the same as if the wires were out in the open?
Ima be honest, didnt understand nothing about this video
I kept checking if he uploaded on that and YES HE DID!
For some reason  the more recent the  vertassium video is it is over complicated and hard to understand or follow.
you can just blame any mistake on your previous upload before this one.
The best veritasium video by far  ... 10/10
I was waiting for this one to finally set my mind straight.
You should make a video on the human impulse to go, “Um, ACTUALLY…”
I was wondering when you'd get around to responding to the responses on that video...
29/4/22
As far as I understand it, it's like this:  For a suitably long cable (say 30 light minutes) the distance is so great that this acts initially as a light bulb in series with 2 capacitors and a DC source and a switch.  When you connect that switch, the capacitor fills, during which the bulb lights. Eventually it fills and acts as a regular circuit.  Basically it's the same as DC across a capacitor, current flows on the opposite side while it fills and as it isn't really a capacitor, it lights and stays lit.
Charges on surface are not electrons? May be muons? Ahahaha
Every veritasium video just gets more and more interesting keep it up
Ah, thats why I pay Youtube Premium for!
More Youtuber sleight of hand here: These misconceptions may have been made by commentors but the response videos by electrical engineers were not making them like this video implies.  The responses were responding to Veritasium's poor presentation of what was going on and the reaction.  AlphaPhoenix already did this experiment at a much larger scale approximately a month after the original video came out.
I didn't see any of those other big wig YouTubers trying to replicate the test for there own results,just you. Thats the difference between a scientist and a science enthusiast.
The war of currents, the 2020s version
The only acceptable YouTube drama is scientific.
Oh no... not again...
Im not smart enough to watch this…
He is so dedicated to yt
Current war part 2
I need to ask you by picture
Hats off to you :)
Yo just randomly opened Veritasium and he uploaded a vid just recently
its incredible that people missed so much of what you said in the first video, like the assumption that theres no resistance
Why its not 1meter apart
Measure the speed of the VOLTAGE difference across the end of the wires once You switch or connect the one terminal of the battery or power source, assuming the other terminal is already connected. I hope You understand what I mean if I did not detail my comment. And this will give You more clues to what is happening.
One problem is we're taught Maxwell's eqs, which are a-causal, e.g.: which came 1st? The B or the E, or The curl or the dot? That's why Jefimenko reformulated Maxwell's eq so that E and B are only caused by charge, current, and their time derivatives.
I always wondered this question.
Thor and Electro are really impressed by his explanation and become a subscriber.  Great Video.
You accept your mistake and make it clear  And that's totally Respect.
"I should have said 'how long until the light emits any light' and not implied it would be on at full brightness, though it does actually light up a surprising amount!" Would have been a better take in my book. This just comes off as arrogant and pedantic.
I love it
Redemption
I don’t get it but sounds cool
It seems we are in era of tesla and edition where they are fighting for Ac vs Dc
I Love that Way Derek realised his mistakes, admitted upon it and worked on it. Great job.
If the speed of the setup is limited by the speed of light, does that mean it slows down through a different medium with a higher index of refraction like crown glass?
This guy teach explain science concepts even better than some teachers
Is this like a science version of diss tracks and scientific beefs?
Finally. Replied! You got it. Transmission line is great tool for analysis this type of circuit.
302 komments
Learned more 'electricity' from this 24 minutes video than I did from my college in whole year!! Thanks Derek.
He know he's wrong, clear it,and make conclusion about it.  Derek is always cool
"Let them fight."
*Derek i have a question* *we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.*   *Richard Feynman was wondering about this question and in one of his talks he said Maxwell's idea that accelerating charges emit radiation is wrong. He said charges emit radiation when jerk is applied on charge or when acceleration changes.  I would love a video on this.*
LETS GOOOO
*Derek i have a question* *we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.*   *Richard Feynman was wondering about this question and in one of his talks he said Maxwell's idea that accelerating charges emit radiation is wrong. He said charges emit radiation when jerk is applied on charge or when acceleration changes.  I would love a video on this.*
Finally the war 🔥🔥
WTF is this data time ad
Derek i have a question we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.   Richard Feynman was wondering about this question and in one of his talks he said Maxwell's idea that accelerating charges emit radiation is wrong. He said charges emit radiation when jerk is applied on charge or when acceleration changes.  I would love a video on this.
Derek i have a question we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.   Richard Feynman was wondering about this question and in one of his talks he said Maxwell's idea that accelerating charges emit radiation is wrong. He said charges emit radiation when jerk is applied on charge or when acceleration changes.  I would love a video on this.
Of course, this all would have been solved by actually showing the idealised assumptions made in the video but actually demonstrating it is good too.
How can I communicate with you personally? I have got some questions about electricity In my mind which I want you to answer please
I was also thinking explanation in the electricy video was wrong. But yeah thank you for the explanation.  Love and respect to Veritasium from Nepal🇳🇵.
This is hurting my pea brain
*Derek i have a question* *we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.*   *Richard Feynman was wondering about this question and in one of his talks he said Maxwell's idea that accelerating charges emit radiation is wrong. He said charges emit radiation when jerk is applied on charge or when acceleration changes.  I would love a video on this.*
Can you explaining it in 1/c seconds?
This is an Electrifying Drama
I don't know if I have clicked on a video any faster before
don't lie, it's all black magic!
When grounding things in a few jobs I've had, there's a noticeable difference between a ground and a shield. Shielded cables, I think, are the engineer science that can further support the claims. Surgical power generators in operating rooms for instance, all the A/V cabling that run in the same rooms must be specially protected.
*Derek i have a question* *we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.*   Richard Feynman was wondering about this question and in one of his talks he said Maxwell's idea that accelerating charges emit radiation is wrong. He said charges emit radiation when jerk is applied on charge or when acceleration changes.  I would love a video on this.
Always love your videos. keep up the good work 😃🙌
I love how this channel has actually made me excited to learn stuff
Respect for admiting to some mistakes. It's refreshing to see someone both rationally defend their side and also admit to some mistakes and fix said mistakes.
Big Clive was a nice end to the intro compilation!
I’m shocked by this upload
THIS VIDEOS LITERALLY OBLITERATE MY KNOWLEDGE OF ELECTRO-PHYSICS, EACH TIME.    yeah thanks for that
Loved the way Derek handled the criticism. More power to you my guy!
For electrical engineers, it’s easier to consider the problem where it only has one leg instead of two. In this case, the problem should be fairly obvious and the transient analysis is much easier. And you could easily conclude that the initial voltage jump is can actually be at the least 0 and at the most 100% of the voltage source.  I still have a problem with this video though, which is the statement “electric/magnetic/whatever fields cause power”—in my opinion there is a philosophical flaw with that, there is no field without electrons and there is no power without lossy materials. In fact in general X causes Y in physics seems a little misleading, just as the statement “voltage causes current” is misleading once you know enough about electronics. They just happen, and both of them are causing each other.  Though I’d like to say Poynting vectors causing power is not a problematic statement since Poynting vectors are basically the definition of electrical power.
2 veritasium videos in the same week wtf?
🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨
Much love.
Babe wake up a new Veritasium video came out
I see this aft 8 min and 250 comments already
As an apprentice electrician. This video is informative.
The classic Veretasium video, to prove the theory he does it in practical like the helicopter problem.
Yo
I mean nobody was doubting the validity of your explanation I think we were all just annoyed by you dismissing the concept of a model as “wrong”.
Imagine being taught conventional current in books, like why? It's all wrong and misleading.
Everytime  great discoveries  are made all haters gurus, show up not positively  but bashing  and  showing negative  cooments.
There are very few people better at telling me why I'm wrong and what I'm thinking is wrong than Derek. I love it!
This guy is awful… wow…
Dramas again
The video is online for 7 minutes and already got 13k views and 200+ comments. Omg!
I would be more interested to know what would happen if you put the wires in a giant circular loop, so that there's no interaction between any part of the wires in the circuit. How long would it take for the light bulb to turn on then?
I wrapped a copper wire around the solar system to settle a science debate
Hello sir thank you for teaching us
Im still confused. Shortcircuits, they  happens when a conductor "touches" another conductor. It should proves energy flows in the outer layer of an conductor
Excellent content, love from Brazil
I thought he'd never make this video.
Let the drama begin.
You gotta start explaining better bro 🤦🏿‍♂️
The Clap Back Video
back to back... 😍🤩
Luv ur vids
“ I understand nothing “   ( Michael Scott voice )
Our brains are melted now.
😂😂 video uploaded just now and you people starting nice hoo Haa bla bla 😂😂😂
Thanks for clarifying🙂, I was so confused in that time 🤔🤔.
What happened to the older video?
Alternate title- How to reply to disses
Seeing this after 6 min lets goo
Amazing
*Derek i have a question* *we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.*
damn boi
Poyting vector !!!
ohh forgot to pretend being the first. now back to video.
Waiting for Mehdi
*Derek i have a question we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.*
Thank you Derek 🌺
This man is so dedicated to his work that when someone doubts his claims he just does it to see if he was right or wrong.
IM SO EXITED
*Derek i have a question* we know accelerating charges emit radiation aka light, and we know that earth is orbiting around sun, in circular motion object is always accelerating then why don't all electrons, protons which make entire earth constantly emit radiation.
Legenderek.
HE WENT TO THE MOON WITH WIRES TO TEST THIS FOR US. LEGEND.
Great Demo and a powerful explanation!
Mehdi, are you satisfied?  only trust you 🥸
Oh no
Guaranteed first in Australia
Whenever notification comes from you it put a smile on my face , I know something I going to know new about science
Nice, a the follow up finally came out
Hell yeah, Glad electroboom sir was acknowledged Him getting electrocuted finally paid off Also, This was a really fascinating experience, I did knew that electrons don't actually flow and transfer energy  But i didn't understood the whole picture, Now I do Thankyou
It's pretty obvious how this doesn't violate causality. Some of those responses were silly.
Been following this channel must be 10 years now. Always quality content, and Derek is such a likable and smart guy. Greetings from Norway!
Bro was flabbergabberasterratedbobulatedasteraed 💀
when the switch is closed it takes ∼1/c seconds for the light bulb to turn on (since the light is turned on by the magnetic field whose origin is only 1 m away from the light bulb).
Noice
Electroboom stands out from the rest even though he said the same thing.
Looks like this video is straight from the veritasium of 2018, Lovely like it was back then
Now I’m waiting for their answers.
POV: you're about to see another drama soon
Me watching this video in an electricity cut off.
I've got a question: If you have a particle spinning with it's velocity at the speed of light, and decrease it's distance from it's centre of rotation, what would happen?
I just got an add and it speaks about you, how did you do that
Haaans, Gudee! Aaaierpensche mache mer 60 Stück? Ne ihr wollt nix? Ahjo dann verspeis ich die aaleene.
Differents point of views always are good to science.
Owwh , another greatest video just uploaded 😍💚🇧🇩💚
How electricity actually works? : We will probably never know for certain.
I mean, most said it wasn't wrong, just misleading.
So this is the "youtube drama" for nerds ha?
I see you're still pursuing this matter. Great video !
can't wait to come back to this video in 10 years after i finished my physics degree and be like oh yeah that makes sense finally
I still didnt watch the video but i know its gonna be a good one !
Electricity go bzzzzzzzzzzzzźzzzzzzzzzzzzzzźzzzzzz
I clicked this notification so fast 🍿
Last time i was this early she left me. 😂😂😂
Never fading content full of knowledge love from India 🇮🇳☮️
Earlyyyy
I wish this type person live long life cause they donate free knowledge on youtube 👍👍
This is gonna be an amazing video! Derek tackling criticism is rare but so cool when he does it :)
Views of the video is 3, comments are already 40. My God
Nice pullover
Re upload?
electricity is blue and it hurts when you touch it
100th comment
Last
Misleading?
Thank you for many good thing you teaching us through this years ❤️
Please try Parabolic Trajectory with real bow
We are witnesses of going viral of this video (probably)
The fact that Alphaphoenix's video doesn't show up in the recommended videos alongside this makes me very sad.
Not been this early even for a flight
Electroboom would be proud
Best crossover ever!
cant wait to get baited into reopening this video again later when you change the title and thumbnail
I knew there would be a followup considering so much talks about it
👍
WAITING FOR ELECTROBOOMS REPLY.......
WAITING FOR ELECTROBOOMS REPLY.......
Still waiting for wireless electricity to charge my phone truly wireless...
The previous video was misleading, good you finally cleared things up
WAITING FOR ELECTROBOOMS REPLY.......
Thank you.  I was confused by the original video.
Best YouTuber so farr👍👍
electrobooooooom! Watched all videos yesterday!
I think I'm so early
Veritasium should get the best teacher award 💯
nice
Hello there!
166
Been waiting for this
Certified  classic
Wow. I was hoping that a new video would come soon.
Its not everyday you come early to a Veritassium video!
Here before 3 veiws !
Hi
Can you do a video extensively based on hypothetical particles like tachyons? Would love it.
blitzzz
When you are faster than youtube notification
There we go
woahh  Woe.
Hello Vertasium Love ur Channel MAN!!!
The video that the entire world was waiting for🤩👏🏻
Hyoo
1st comment
The most awaited video.
Always hyped when derek uploads
SIUUUU!
I am glad you decided to come back on this topic.
so part 2
Yo
Electroboom ftw
What a shocking video
Lol
Revised video??
woo
38 views and 61 comments makes sense
yes
One of the first...!
Hello
Interesting
I clicked as fast as electricity travels
Certified banger
Always a good day when there's a new veritasium video
⚡💡🔌
Im literally having a physiqs class about electricity
Yo
Finally! This video was long overdue.
Here we go again
Aa
Love the videoss
Pog
I don't care
FIRST!
34th!
Good video as always
Hi Derek- Arjun from IIT Kanpur, India
Hei
ok
Amazing as always
Åb
Another chance!
Hi
FiRsT
Hi
less goo
First
Best educational channel
Noice
BRO
Damn son
Oy yea
first
25th
sahi ho
Hello. am i first too?
44 sec ago!
Not first but close enough
24.
👌🏼
"10 seconds ago" early
Wow so early
h
Electricity drama continues.
hi
SUS AMOGUS SUS BAKA AMOOOONGUS REFEREBCE >???????????
FIRST
HI
second
it go fast
Second
15 seconds :o
sixteenth
first to comment here. Hit like if you saw it first....
never been this early
Fourth
Didn't he make this video already?
4th
first!!!!
first :)
WOOOO!  Lectricity!
first
First
1st
first
:D
FIRST
Am I First?
first
first
First
