2020 has been full of the strangest happenings, not least among them is that we've actually finished a project. This one is done and dusted for the most part and we're already back on the other two after an enforced hiatus. Apologies for the delay in bringing you our normal shows, but it was out of our control. Hope you enjoy this in the meantime and don't worry, more Binky and Escargot is coming your way soon.
How many kgs off, how many on?🤔
Now 2026 most likely the 50th time I'm watching this 🤣 as every time I get into my wife C1 I want to turn it to a race car, but every time I watch the part we're your putting the feet rest in by the peddles it bugs me you never cleaned the rust off the floor plate and used the blue spray to freshen it up 🤣🤣
Still an amazing watch
How do you remove that wool like material from behind the dash? I’ve been cutting it piece by piece for hours!
I could never do motor sport because my car would have a 50Kg disadvantage the moment I sat in it!
"You need to spend a lot more to be competitive"  Of course after you do, you will get crushed by a college student postponing his essays and using a mouse to steer.
Ditto what @tavarish said
at 18:28 he told you to 'get stuffed and get the kettle on'. About how many cup of tea did this video take?
13:45 : losing weight to regain weight :c
but so it's 850 + 2100, no ?
is there these kind of competion in france ?
i like the flock off joke
Thanks!
Hmm, makes me wonder how much of this kit will find a use in the Escargo...
This is peak automotive youtube content
Just weld up the doors and you'll be fighting the system like two modern day Robin Hoods.
Lol more money to be competitive 🤣  dude a kid one the peak antifreeze cup and 40,000 bucks on a logitech g27 hooked to a desk
I live in the usa and I wanna import one of these cars and build it....
It's a bit late now but the best way remove window regulators is with a rag pulled taut and slipped behind and pulled up.
Haha,  flock off.  muck off Hee😂
This car is not in anyway worse built than most British cars
I like this series,  very informative and good to see the parts required.  I suspect with most cages they can be a faff to fit.   Interesting to know whether anyone can buy that city cup package and only skip on certain bits if it's just for every day road use or if you have to be a member etc?
Tip for the window lever, pull a rag behind it Pops loose in a second
????????????
A bit late to the party but great vid. Subscribed
Those are some of the best steering assembly removal sounds I've heard. Especially the ÖÜ when removing the airbag. Such emotion!
This car was made when I was born too job lads
Love this - not only the tinkering and messing about, the fact that it’s ladled with lashings and lashings of sarcasm
Maybe you can spend less than the price of a good sim racing setup, but that isn't taking the cost of labour into account.
The first time I drove a C1 I was shocked how beefy the engine was considering it is so tiny.
Is there nothing that could be done in terms of pedal positioning? My partner has one of these and it's pretty hard to heel-toe
you guys prob already know but there's a tool to remove those sucky window winder handle clips
Just found this series of videos, and am really enjoying it. Thanks for making this, guys👍
These are some fun blokes
I have Citroen c1 13 year. This is perfect, good work! You are Super!👏🏁🚘
Salut my friend super car super video subscribe subscribe
Period of inactivity!! Well said
These lads are a little cringy but can’t bring my self to turn it off because race car 🏎
Am I crazy or is the montage music the same music from deboss garage?
how many HP does the tune give it ?
this car looks just like a peguet 107 of 2010
Perfect mix of really imformative and light banter.
Ill be doing similar on my channel too. Be sure to check it out
Can you add subtile in french please ? 👍
You guys make this show 😀 and I have so much respect for your style, and simply the way you get things done. I’ve been watching the mini build (who hasn’t) but this is just as entertaining. Top gear was the same for me. It’s the personalities and I think you two could go far. Weird that you guys haven’t been approached for something 😎
🇺🇦👍👍👍👏👏👏
You guys could make awesome content out of anything, the channel deserves so many more subs
great video, thank you
I'm sorry what you payed 850 for that piece of sh?
Even good to see how to disassemble all the parts and how its originaly mounted
Smart choice to flock the panel, the c1/aygo/107 are known for annoying dash reflection (i've got this problem and it's really annoying when the sun is out), you can't see anything clearly.😁
Oh shit, you guys game?
Top Tip for you, dropping the hub carrier off the strut can be aided but inserting a snug fitting allen/hex key into the clamp slot and turning it 60 degrees, this will splay the joint open by a useful amount.
So no chance to do this with me mums Aigo for a weekend where she‘s out of town without her noticing later I recon?
You are the epitome of automobile tech nerds. You’re the best of all time.
👍
I want the back part of the cage
I truly enjoy the atmosphere of your shop. I also enjoy the departure from massive horsepower show builds.
The car manages to look more expensive with all the cheap plastic ripped out.
Window winder handle. Get a small rag, tuck it behind lever, and move left to right, the clip will come out. Your welcome.
Where you're struggling with removing the window winder handle clip it's really easy with the special tool. just pull a rag around between the handle and card and the clip pops right out. Good video as usual, Keep it up lads
Your handkerchief, or shop rag, is the correct tool for window winder clip removal.
Ok, I just found this.  What have you named this project?  Oh, and the musical choices are, just like Project Binky, AWESOME!
10:00 use a piece of textile or something, just slide it behind and go from left to right untill the clip goes out
Always wanted to do this...really cool to see it put in practice
Awesome
The Peter McKinnon soundtrack
How does every part fit so perfectly? Im stunned.
Hello B.O.M r u both in good health
Which axle stands are you guys using?
Just found you guys, omg your hillarious, build looks awesome too
Boy racers across the country are taking notes. Adding these modifications to their “supermarket car” fords, vauxhall’s, golfs, etc! 🙄 💤 😂
Car 850, track day 200 add consumables and fuel for the car and the tow car there and back.. and repairs etc etc it’s always going to be way way more expensive
Ivan sent me. Can't believe the POS YouTube algorithm didn't!  Really enjoyed this video.  Any tit with 50 grand can have a fast car but the moment a project has a budget, and compromises are being made, it gets interesting! Thanks for the content.  Really looking forward to the rest of it 👍
the same car cost me already 3k euros with 200k miles, dumbest eu country checking out
Jingles - oi! You stole my intro song! Down to the salt mines with you!
yeah, you don't need to spend thousands on a setup to be competitive. You defo shouldn't get a Direct drive wheel to be competitive like in the 17k setup
68 hp of furey
i went for the aygo go in forza motorsport 4.
man, this car costs 9000 dollars in my country
You paid £850 for that pile of wank? I would've sold you my MK1 Focus for less than that.
8:57 Once upon a time that dome light was a Rear dome light of Peugeot 306... 9610095677
oh my god my first car, got over 120.000 miles in that thing, when i sold it, it had over 200.000 miles... good little reliable shit car.
For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believs in Him shall not perish but have eternal life. John 3 v 16
remove roll cage, it makes weight
You put a etching primer on roll cage mounts but didn't care to clean up a rust in driver foots area. Why? iF yOu CaRe oF NoT rUsTiNg yOuR C1?
Lmao selling all these parts separately and you got the car nearly for free lmao
I just checked the mot history on this car and, well. It’s interesting
Funny thing they fuss couple gramm plastik trim and then add many kilograms Iron In
Time to transform my 2005 Polo 9N 1.2 into a small race car with 155k km on the clock.
i already know that i will watch the entire series
You don't need to spend thousands on a racing rig, all you need is a wheel and pedal set, like Logitech G29, and just either clamp to your desk, or buy a cheap but sturdy rig for £150. You can be pretty competitive with that, iRacing and Gran Turismo match you against similar ability racers so you'll alway have a competitive race.
you guy's should be on discovery channel
Only 850 quid... and about 3 grands worth of tools and 10 years worth of training and experience
Finally a C1 build.
18:34 my eyes
BOM: you gotta buy a 12k kit to be competitive me: gets #177 on dirt rally 2.0 with 300€ kit and a 700€ pc.
I am the only one here who watches this video because I have this car and I am trying to modify it??
Yes.
Correction: You can still compete with cheap Logitech G-wheel.
Great video! £850 was a rip off tbf haha
Holy crap a race with cheap cars? Where do I sign up?!
Wait so that tiny car doesn't have AC but has a heated rear window
Gran Turismo career mode be like
Ach, you absolutely do NOT need thousands of pounds worth of investment in simracing to 'be competitive'.   Some eSports level players use wheels in the range of £100 - £200.  Otherwise good job. Don't love misinformation though.
Really enjoyable video
guy sounds a bit like greg davies i'm not gonna lie...
You litterly showed a PS4 wheel and peddals, so you dont need a top end PC...
why have you a cup in your hand with nothing in it?
Gonna go disassemble my girlfriends aygo now, cheers guys
I had no idea these had Toyota parts! Absolutely class build. Will one of you come and fix up my 2000 Mk1 Seat Arosa (Lupo)?
Honestly, it's only really affordable in the UK due to how low of a cost a car is. Not so much in the united states, for $1000 you would be able to buy really nothing.
good thing about striping a car to make a racer is that everything you take out has a potential of being sold as second hand parts to some teen making repairs to their own first car on the cheep.
I’ve would have bought a bmw e46 in your own place
When It comes to window winders with those clips just slide a rag behind the winder and they come right off
I'm actually surprised by how well this car is built. That's not very Citroen! 🤔
Here I am on a snowy day in New York, sitting home with a sprained ankle. I think I earned a repeat viewing of Bargain Racement.
Those window winder clips usually come pretty easy with a rag of some sort pulled between the winder and door panel. If you pull it downwards, and something soft under it, it's not gonna fly anywhere if even leave the handle ;) For the entertainment of the internet, Nick also could had manufactured a u-shaped bracket that could work as a tool to push the clip out.
Too much rules!  thats no fun!
quick tip on the window roller handles, if you work a thin rag in between the handle and the door, it will pop right out
No coffee was spilled that day
i own a citroen c1 from 2006. it feels really tempting to strip my own daily driver after watching this..
I’m selling my E46 and buying one of these ASAP!!!
Citroën: Why TF would anyone strip our C1 headliner??
England: the metric system Also England: mileage in miles.
My mother who no longer drives (thank god, since she's in the mid 70's) has a 2008 Scion xD with 27k miles on it, just sitting in the driveway. Even has the 5 speed manual in it and I have to say the little thing can boogie. Would make a perfect little project race car. She's already agreed to trade it to me for something newer if I wanted to.
Wait til you find out what modern competitors have won with in sim racing.
Missing project binky
Any body got a link to the shifter slop repair info? Thanks.
I'm a simple man. I hear Henry's about, I press like.
Hello guys . Hope you are both well . Have i missed something with binky and escargot ? Would love to see more on both projects . Cheers , simon.
Everybody else: Welds captive nuts to adequate standards with arc welder. B.O.M: Produces MIG welded chevrons to make a grown man weep.
21.05: up to shear then back a quarter of a turn 👍
Very informative and useful for beginners who want to indulge themselves in motorsports..Thanks
Already going through withdrawals. Second watch it is...
Top video but please, stop proliferating the myth that sim racing is necessarily expensive  if you want to be competitive. It's expensive if you want it to be, greater levels of immersion come with greater price, competitiveness can be had very affordably like a tenth on the price of actual Motorsport.
"Those are features, not faults"  This man has clearly been a software dev at some point in his life :P
H
You didn't say make the noise! I'm so disappointed with you. That aside, Binky?
How about you guys take on a UK CycleKart?
Why did I close my eyes when you started welding?? Awesome channel :)
When are we going to see the mini get finished
This series is not only utterly; it's also brilliant.  Which is nice.  :-)
Where’s the mini ??
your theme music sounds like that one song from that movie... you know with that guy? great job!!!!
That camera must be heavy. Every time Nick is filming, he sounds like he's just finished a long run.
How fast: kmh How far: *miles*
Enjoying the new project but "I miss Binky"?
Too bad cars like this don’t exist in the US. The closest thing would be a Mitsubishi Mirage or a Chevy Spark
Awesome boys! This was a fantastic interlude in Binky and Escargot! Top quality stuff! Congrats on the placing too!
Probably get some money back if sell bits on ebay
I'm so excited a new car I'm a 66-year-old grandma I popped some popcorn (yeah I hate when it burn a little)  what the heck,.  have a little adult beverage going on here.   I'm ready for the big screen carry on. Cheers
Less than 1 litre and 68 horsepower? Mine's a 1.2 and only has 55 :( time for an upgrade ;)
850 is still to much for that thing hahah
Really well made video. Excellent content and very good knowledgeable presentation 👍
why would you add weight with the door panels, footrests and dashboard when the point of a race car is to be as light, fast and nimble as possible
I need a "68hp of fury" t-shirt!
I've got the Toyota version of the same car. I'm going to treat this as instructions
For some reason, I get the feeling they aren't making sincere statements about this vehicle...
This channel is everything MCM wishes it was.
Absolutely brilliant but what's happened to Binky?
did ya finish project binkey?
"The Daihatsu-designed Toyota engine in our Citroen...". This is what car manufacturing has become 😋
Well those were 85,000 *hard* miles for the poor little thing to endure, from the looks of it, as a van?!
What about Binky..????
"There's no need for banging tunes in a race car"  DEJA VU
Loved "The Funk", Ooohhh yeah! What was it?
What is that trim clip removal tool you guys use?
When will you finish project Binky?
how much change did you find in the interior?
I've found out that a old sock is the best tool for removing those window lifter handles.
unceremonious gutting of a street car to reveal the racecar starting point...guilty pleasure
I hear that Zirconia has a long standing border dispute with Elbonia
I binge watched blinky series now. Another series to enjoy.
Just found your channel recently, and really enjoy your work. You might say, I'm a fan of your work. The incredible fabrication and sheer lack of fear has really inspired me in my own affordable Motorsport effort, which I think may even compete with this project for cheap and enjoyable. Racing Lawnmowers. Many clubs in the UK, with a rule book 100mm thick, to more relaxed rules with just one sheet of A4. very accessible, and very cheap. often folks will give away their old ride on mowers!  I have plans for converting my 7.5T removal van into a similar accomodation-come-transport truck for my Racing Lawnmower(s), so look forward to seeing the progress there!
Not gonna lie, the intro music to a Jingles vid was not what I was expecting.
2:29 and I'm convinced there's nothing in that mug
Lol all those specific tools. some sort of door clip puller. and that tiewrap puller and snipper.
Even for a cheap racing series, I think the total build cost would come to about 10k (including the car, parts & labour) if built by a race team.
I love the must have tea cup in the hand. You could have put a dlido in your hands too. But for real leave those dirty cliche things. But i don't know anything from real production. I've just know i have never clicked anything like this before. When I am here since like 2004. This seems like to amateur for me.
I imagine with the combined cost someone would pay for a garage to install all of this kit would be pricey
Should have weighed pre- and post
If i lived in the UK id want my car to be built by you guys.
Wahoo, you repainted the mini in blue and now it looks like a citroën! Amazing...
Woah is that the mighty jingles
disassembly is always the best part of any job!
But guys, what about Binky?
Subbed and excited to watch this.
Hi. Could i please have the interior door handle cover that popped off pleaaaase
"Howdy folks, and welcome back to world of tanks with the mighty jingles..."
Great work ! How much lighter is the car after mods ?
Love it guys :) , also Just to point out you don't need to spend 5k to go sim racing, have fun and win, and unlike real world racing when you crash or blow up its not 1000's to fix, P.S I rally real cars in real rallys  :) but yes you can go real world racing a lot cheaper then people may think :)
£850?!  ‘Plenty of rust MoT failure sportka’s or mk3/4 fiestas about for way less than that...’  And if you’re breaking the weldset out anyway’...   Gets to the bit about the race series ‘Ah right single model race series, got you.’
Can you guys send me the speakers at 9:23 I'd really appreciate them  Hahahha
Youre saying youre goin to build a car for less than a sim rig? How much is the kit?
Swap a bugatti W16 into it.
Any updates on the Cargo?
Stop watching Jimmy in his shed, mmkey! Second Hand Driving Force wheel and a bar stol will do just fine! ...after a few beers you gonna fall over either way!
Bad Obsession Motorsport: THE CHANNEL WHERE WE SPEND THE MOST OF TIME ON THE LEAST AMOUNT OF VEHICLE - IN THE HISTORY OF ALL OF THE INTERNETS! -- Love your guys! :D
Basically the start of forza 4
What happened to Binky and Escargot?
I sure wish I seen the idea of Locktite on rivnuts, all those years ago. Tried everything else to keep those blasted things from rotating. That was our bright idea,a guy we knew owned a TR4 A that had been messed with,Whitworth mixed with God knows what. You could hear the fenders rattle from a block away. That one little comment alone made it worthwhile watching. Thanks for that.
Brilliant video! Love you guys, you're the best
well worth waiting for in these mad times....
i think that the version with 1.4 hdi turbodiesel would be better to tuning
I drive a boring 107 but after watching this im just saying I drive a potential racecar.
I wish your humour was even drier. 🙄
18:07 It's soo cuuteee!!
@ 10:00...that's called a Jesus clip...
pointless removing all that plastic and panels its probably 20kg worth of overall weight. lol
Well done guys always enjoy your video's
got the tissues and lube out and sat back for some B.O.M bracket porn. not happy:(
Isn't Binky a city car? 🤔😋
What happened to Binky??
Just the humor in this video was enough for me to subscribe lol
If the other car is Binky, are we calling this little fella Death of Rats?
Could anyone tell me who makes their preferred trim clips that they used on the door card.
Citroen C1 is a surprisingly reliable car but the clutch is shite, my ex gf had one and after 35 thousand miles it needed a new clutch, contrast that with my current car a 2007 Mitsubishi Colt which has done 107 thousand on original clutch and yeah, French need to catch up the Japanese fast
good luck keeping the budget low... even with you guys' expertise, haha. for €1500 you can simrace enjoyably, and with *your skill* as the limiting factor, for years. You could even get away with spending less than the cost of your car, if you're willing to buy a few bits used. And all of this is still including the PC and monitor/VR as well.
Make the noise!!!
Do we tell em those airbags have been recalled now or later?
Found this channel today, and i must say the commentary is very well done!
@ 14:06, that wasn't the Funk we are accustomed to...lol
I hope this isn't a 5yr plus build although I love Grand Turismo!
there is a special tool for getting those window winder clips out, muppets. :-)
Why didn't you lick any of the dank grime on the carpet? I think you're doing it wrong guys.
"We'll start by removing the ECU".. Man I love this channel..
bring it up to 135km/hr... turn hard right then all the way left and back to the right, after that its rolling over. you ever see a car like that moving at speed, there asking for a bad day.
Where is the Binky ?!
What is the weld-through primer that is used? When i asked in the shops around where i live for anything like it, they look at me like i spoke alien language
"While sim racing is real fun, and it is real racing, what it isn't, is real motorsport."  <Sim racers going ballistic>  Now going back to the video
10:04 the easiest way to undo is jank a thin piece of cloth between the doorpanel and the handle. Then simply hold the cloth upwards or downwards, and crank the handle. In a rotation or two, the cloth will catch onto this clip and will come loose. This is a trick i've learned from a daihatsu garage ;-)
Could you not get something fun and interesting for a project like this? Like get a Volvo 240 and screw out 800bhp out ouf it.
Hell ya!!!
Haha, i though i was watching a jingles video..
You needed something to pass the time ... how about finishing Binky ?!?!?
POV spec = Race spec, with a few extra steps.
I am deeply deeply concerned, by the lack of custom made bracketry or cups of tea in this episode!  :D
10:02 you have the million dollar tool to remove push pins but don't have the ultra cheap pressed steel tool for these? Mine came in a kit of 5 tools for $10usd
I wish I could find a competition series like this in quebec, it's absolutely brilliant!
Did your plans that got put on hold involve finishing Binky?
How do we get out of uploading project binky, draws a cardboard cad on what they should do, ahhh build a cheap car quickly
Useful tip for those annoying window winder clips. The hub end of a bicycle spoke has a handy little hooked end to it. Subject to a little bit of “jiggling it about a bit” you can usually pull the clip off that way!! I got a wheel’s worth in my tool box. They’re just bendy enough to come in rather handy.
the rig should be easy and cheap for you guys to make.  Fanatec CSL elite setup and you're good.  As for the car being cheaper than the rig, for smart guys, youre so wrong its not funny. You could spend 2k all up and you dont have to spend a single cent more. With the car there is the initial car purchase, the safety gear initailly etc etc. Then there is the upkeep and parts and the event fees. Youre spending more on the car intially than you are for the rig.
Really do love your channel.
How to ruien a litle car......
I somehow found this video series and it's perfect, thanks for the entertainment guys!
850 pounds is really not a bargain. It is kinda expensive guys...
Food delivery restourants are using this cars all arround the globe for a reason :) This cars are fast af for the city i guess its all about the gearing since you can do 110km in 2nd gear
Wondering why you work with jewelry on your fingers screams DANGER!!!! But then again, you live on edge
There's a trick with a rag to get the window winder clips out works mint!
Not a single coin found in the interior???!
“Pre installed features not faults “ 🤣😜
I have those exact £1200 pedals.  They have a real brake cylinder setup on them.
What what what? No "make the noise"? No "get the funk out"?
is that a Jingles into lol
£850? You've been had 🤣
Could I get this kit for a 4 door LHD car?
Great project guys, done in the time honered Top gear fashion (limited budget and engineering) Really good entertainment. Maybe use the rivnuts on the door card mounting as well? As those plastic clips will fail quickly under hard racing conditions 🤪
It is always exciting to watch your channel! Kudos!   What happened to Binky?
Can you share in the description all the parts link please ? Im italian and im not able to find piece for my C1
With they’d do that series here in the states. Use like Scion xB or something
Next time use a shop rag behind the window crank and make a see-saw motion. Pops that annoying wire clip off every time
Others channels talk about what they are going to do... then demonstrate how they are not capable of doing anything right. BOM fabricates and engineers. Everything you guys do is wellt thought out, well planned, executed well. Best show on the planet!
At first glance I thought this was a mighty car mods video so I didn't watch it. 1 week later I saw part 2 and realized.
That window handle clip is an old Chevy style. In the USA we have a tool just for it. Still stupid.
You know what would be dope? To see this "Citrin" come back with a trubo engine and doing some surris track days.
So pumped for this, I'm almost 🐩 pumped!
what about binky?
Something new to pass the time with Binky and Escargo <3
I WANT BINKYYYYY!!  Well...  Binky and a cup of tea!
Man I wish this was a thing in Canada.
I can’t wait for the Binky reveal!
Not sure how’s missed this
Just doubled the price of every C1 on the market.
20:58 that "Factory Overspray" look is sooooo hot right now.
RE: window handle - put a wiper (rag) between the handle and the door panel against the open legs of the clip.  Pull the rag up and move slightly side to side and the clip will pop out.
This is a sick way to get into racing huh, these cars will be around for cheap for the coming years.... this is sick :D
I thought you said video next week 🤔🤣
Where’s the mighty jingles?
Does buying the kit include any entry into the series or anything?
Looks interesting.
Next week: Hayabusa engine swap!
@mightycarmods I sense a trans-oceanic shootout in the making here.
Great to see you back chaps!
Hiya , whats happening with project Binky? ... any further videos?
I hope you are not going to four wheel drive it.
Earnt a subscriber here, thanks for the vid.
Binky. Binky. Biiiinnnky!!!!
Never heard Citroen C1 and race car in same sentence before😂😂. Another great video guys and looking forward to more binky and escargot
I'm still obsessed with your channel
only 310,000 views for this channel , But a man drink a bottle of coke in 10 seconds have more than 100 millions views?
theres some fuses in the cluster????
You do realise that that fl*cking dash adds weight, don't you?
You got ripped off. You can pick an early C1 up with about 50k on the clock in immaculate condition for less than a grand. A bucket like that goes for £400 tops
What's with the gloves? Dish pan hands? Man up.
Totally off topic for what it's worth, but please substitute those metal wedding bands for silicone ones! (At least while in the garage). My grandpa can tell you why. 😥
OMG!!!!!!! How on earth can you progress with country and western / metal music???? where has the funk gone????
"Educated" guesses? Say what now? You guys are edumacated?
No gussets????
Need weight reduction.....THe entire frog car is dead weight
Citreon Shopping Trolley = gag
What a pleasure to see you again with a new project! Little race car but big sensations 😎
Nice seeing you use muilwaukee tools. I use them also. The power tools are the best. Try a 6.0ah battery in the m12 ratchet. Does make a difference. Also really happy to see you guys back after lockdown.
This is sick
Ahhhh! Episode 2 is up and Patreon logged me out for the first time...ever. Now what was my password again? lol 🤦‍♂️
It's awesome to see you guys back on form and giving us a good dose of Bad Obsession.
Epicness and tomfoolery is afoot methinks.
great video, looking forward to seeing the rest. Well Done chaps!
Well, you certainly don't need silly money to be competetive in simracing. Those 17K rigs don't make you faster. Just need a load cell pedal set which you can get from thrustmaster for less than £200, or fanatec for a tad more. And many of the force feedback entry level wheels are good enough to enable you to be competetive.  Having said that, excited by the new series. Looking forward to following this through.  Hope you stick with it while your racing and don't just leave it as a build only, would love to get race highlights and updates of the racing.
So it'll be "Ready To Race" in about 2026 then ? It's going to need a 3.5 litre mid mounted V8 with 4 WD and electrical hybrid system in it ( if "Binky" was anything to go by )  :-D
Howdy folks and welcome back to World of tanks with the Mighty Jingles!
When you get a chance, could you please add this series to a new playlist?  Thanks gents!  Keep up the good work!
Jeesh!  This kit is amazing!!! I wish that these kinds of things were available for more cars and series. I’ve had a horrible time finding parts for my US spec Fiesta despite the fact that it’s one of the most rallied cars out there. I would gladly pay $3k for a ready made kit. 🤩   Great build and detail guys. Have fun!
Your Binky, and Mike Patty’s Scrappy prove the world’s not total shit!
I was hoping you would not build a sim rig good a real car sounds like a good set up cheap and easy to start with a real car forget the simulation stuff
Tightening the cage bolts...  "Make the noise!"  "sorted"
Humm can you redo the wiring harness so as to eliminate any extra weight from the now unnecessary parts of the wiring?
Benny Hill theme for the gonzo cage fitting part was very apropos.
Building an £850 hatchback into a competitive race car - with lots of pre-investment, skill, time and  man hours spent.
Wonder why u didn’t fix that rusty spot under the footrest? Eh.☮️♥️🇨🇦
0:12 when your digital dash costs as much as the car :D
Good vid but lose the coffee mugs at the beginning. Looks very un-natural. Cheers
i was very confused when i saw the name and didnt see a mini in the preview.
Did you finish the Mini? Kind of looking forward to the finished fit vs form.
how about the mini what is going on and the escargot
Pardon my incompetance (spellling?), but will this car still be road legal in the end? This style of competition seems right up my alley but I dont have ways of towing a car to a circuit…
Toyota has been taking lessons from Audi when they put in that ECU! YECH, could they make it any LESS convenient?  Bet that 850 is down a bit after you figure all the salvage get sold off...  American parts stores rent/sell steering wheel pullers  P.S. easy way to get the clip off the window crank is a crochet hook and pair of pliers to grip it.
Very lovely, but where's Binky?
Flock - that cam out nice. 👍👍😎👍👍
Hey! I have an Aygo. This gave me an idea… :)
Missed you guys!!! Loved the video, crazy how 28:29 minutes go by when I watch your videos...
Great to see you posting again. Lovely vid :)
Absolutely love this...can not wait for episode 2.
Weld proof primer... classic first racecar optimism!!!
Well its similar to a mini🤔
This is FUNNN!
Still wondering why the door lock was fixed with a modified p-clip instead of a fully custom bracket.
I'm assuming that was coffee in those mugs at the beginning, although you seem to have missed the B roll sequence of it being made..... honestly a relief though.
Whats with the cups? You both look simple.....
I don't no why but the display video for me is somewhat error ? So im not really enjoy the video to much
I hope Binky doesn't know you are stripping a younger European model
Does anyone know a similar budget series in USA? (Preferably West coast)
Blimey chaps!!! What the flying Feck did you pick.....my country worst car......our cars are plastic toys....no engine no design no purrrr....I'm curious about how much you'll need tu gut it out and swap parts to make it worthy.....need me a pitcher of tea now.
Couldn't figure out if I was watching deboss garage or bad obsession motorsports.
Love the details of the videos, always entertaining and informative, great job!!!
Wheres the mini and the truck boys?? Wanna see that mini go.
Oooooh. fancy intro.
Hey. Again a nice great project. How are things going with Binky and the Escargo?  Keep up the good movies, I'm curious every time to watch.  Many greetings from Robert, from the Netherlands 👍👍
Aaah look at you pros leaving a bolt in front of the steering wheel for removal, no twatting yourselves in the face with a wheel for you!
I know what you're saying about sim racing V live racing, but you can sim race any time day or night for as long as you like, for no cost other than the price of your sim rig. Where as if you're live racing you can only do that at a race track when they're open... If you work shifts and have to do weekend work, or live a long way from a race trach then you have no chance. Or you might be a young kid that isn't old enough to get a race license.....   We all know of young teen age kids that can out sim many older folk. How would you feel if you were sitting in your real life race car on the grid surrounded by 12 year old kids that you knew had a good chance of doing a lap 2 seconds better than you could ever do??   Having said that there's no real substitute for live racing, and you would have to spend many 10.s of thousands of dollars to to get a sim rig that could deliver al the G forces that even a cheap race car could
.
When your starting battery is bigger than your engine.
Great work.  Have you considered providing the camera with an arc welding filter?
BOM DRINKING GAME ************************  Take a shot every time Nick sucks air in through his teeth.
Great video!!!!!!
10:07 Use a rag on the inside of the handle. Feed it between the handle and the door card, pull it one way and the other and bam... clip pops off like you wouldn't believe.
If they sold all the parts from the C1, they could go racing for free. LOL
Love the way you managed to sortez le funk without actually mentioning  it. Continental touch then, is it? BTW you did a fellow Brit (the Mighty Jingles) proud without any reference at all.  Finagled the flange business quite nicely as well.  You are getting good at referencing things without talking about them, Nick's minor breakdown in the corner notwithstanding.  Earl Gray, hmmm.  I find it tastes like soap. I can only echo what others on this page are saying, namely that you have the most entertaining and coolest build channel on youTube bar none.  Boys, you kick-ass on a planetary basis here because nothing else competes.
£850, did you haggle. We have to Haggle
for those window cranks you just use a rag to catch the ends and wiggle it out. i dont remember where i learned it from. but it was in the early 90's and i'll never forget it. lol
A most welcome different pace for the channel!  I’m diggin it guys!  Keep up the good work!
26:00 the smallest bracket.
Fantastic video, we prepped one of these for the series a while ago for a customer. Sure would have been easier using this as a How-To!
Thank you lord for BOM! I am so thankful that you guys are ok and have found something else to keep yourselves and us busy in these crazy times!
Lmao I think the best part is you managed to not laugh while describing it as a race car, that being said sure looks like it’s going to be a lot of fun
Whats happening with project binky ????
the mighty jingles intro ... annyone else XD ?
How soon before you get fed up with the C1's performance  (lack of) and remove the bottom of the car and substitute with something a little less boring???
I realise it's probably 'stock' but you guys have seriously good taste in music . . .
You might want to check the rear heated screen isn't on a timer, as i doubt the Clerk of the Course would appreciate you showing the rain light for only a portion of the race... They aren't known for having a sense of humour!
How about using an actual car to build a simulator. Sit in the car and play the game in the actual car (while at rest of course)?
Building a small rally car in between building a small rally car. Slight difference in the two, but still...  When this started i thought you might be making a simulator, a gutted car with hydraulics, screens in windows, but i thought that would be a bit much, instead, just build a small rally car.
That door card could look better with some engine turning on it.
Sorry. I'm here for Binkie
week. Wait what really? I are you mad, a years work in one week?
Being a dealership technician, seeing you use a prybar to pull the visor stays on the headliner gave me fat goosebumps lol had to remind myself that it's a racecar
I will be Waiting patiently for next week. Thank you so much.
The most offensive thing is spending £850 on that car
Love this channel 👍 cheers lads
Brilliant thank you,thats my car adrenaline fix for today, look forward to the completion and of course Binky and Escargot.  Does look like a good entry level motor sport initiative.
I sure am glad to see you guys are back at it. Hopefully you guys have a lot done on binky
This is awesome! My girlfriend owns a Pug 107, but sadly an auto... when I saw the rules and regulations I instantly pictured myself racing that yellow bubble with wheels... i'm so happy to see someone building it and uploading it to youtube! thanks!
The end of this part, left me the exact same feeling as the end of the fellowship of the ring...
You said "Join us next week", I'm pretty sure you meant "Join us Next Year"
With all these bolt on parts I thought I was watching MCM for a bit. Still, its good to see people promoting cheap racing.
Did I miss an episode? Binky looks really different.
Ah, perfect!  I can hold my breath for exactly seven days!  Here goes...  <gaaaaasssssppp>
Flock to reduce reflection. No car is past this. Especially these as it can be quite bad.
Oh, come now.  How can you deprive us of the joy of watching you finagle that dash for 20 minutes before you got it it?
Am I the only one who's convinced there is no tea in those cups?😂
...but dear, I only spent 850 on that car.  (Nevermind the shed and $8000 worth of tools and equipment)
I'm hazarding a guess this will take less time than Binky.
Next week? You having a laugh ain't ya. Spot on guys, hilarious voice over, watching clutching on to my cuppa - Yorkshire tea. Over to autotrader to hunt and ebay.  £2,900? Ouch for weekend racer, any ideas to sell the idea to the Mrs? Keep the vids rolling in. SHARPISH
Not worth £850. £700 maybe
Flock off ! Screw this dash !
What a waste of good interior parts though
i own one of these (the peugeot)
Good work does the rear heated screen not time out after a while on these like some other cars? Which would mean the rain light could disengage. Either way nice job new subscriber here.
So the people who are still chiming in with the “rag trick” at this point are just trolling, right?  I mean they *have* to be...
Somewhat amusing that the mandatory parts cost 3.5 times the price of the car, but that's motorsport for ya.
Dammit... now I want to buy an old eco box and make it a race car.
what a load of crap about simracing, some of the fastest drivers are on a logitech which you can buy rather cheap
Who else looks away from the welder flash purely out of habit?
Oh hell yeah, little hatchbacks even with tiny engines are so much fun to drive.
Incredible channel!!! Why have I only just seen this! Top work lads, enjoyed video from start to finish
Grrrrrrr! Where’s Binky! Not even a hint from you rascals!
There is a massive lack of bracketry. I feel as if I’m having some withdrawals. 😒🤪😂😂
Isn't an electric window mechanism lighter than a manually operated one? Also I would be interested in the total weight of the materials that were removed
flocking good effort gents - top video as ever
ugh I couldn't think of anything worse than having to drive another Shitroen!
I have said it before but you guys need a tv-show
To be honest 67 hp is not that bad given the size. You can get corsa 1.2 with 50!
These cars are genuinely the best cars built in the last 15 years. Better than the Mini. Obviously, not better than Binky, but better than most other non-BOM Mini's. And the BINI, that can literally get in the BIN.
Mental break from all the rubbish going on out in the world thanks guys but escargot gotta get back on track. Or ile send my wife out to help you make a list.  Polite warning guys she good at check lists.
Brilliant! Love this channel :D
Love it. Sorry about the pre-made brackets (sorry for myself , that is, love watching bracket creation time!). BTW, you still keep calling the bolts screws...
Dammit -- now you have me thinking about stripping out my Mk6 Fiesta named Kimmi, for track work...
Use a rag to get those window winder clips off.  Stretch rag tight and slide between window winder and door card and it'll push the clip up.  Super easy
I love the whole idea of this series of videos. I am a "sim racer" and would love to go racing for real but sadly I live 3 hours from my nearest race track and I have a young family so Sim Racing is great for me to jump on once the kids go to bed. :)
almost like trying to say you could simulate sex...bullcrap the is no replacement for the real thing...
Racing is so stupid, you dont build a car to race anymore, you buy a car and make it racing stock. Gone are the days of "the underdog" now everyone is a winner
You now have 6" of citroen that won't rust away prematurely!
"oh this is all one part... This is a hinge... It's all one bit...  ... Not for long"  Haven't laughed that hard at a youtube video in ages. Cheers mates! Love it.
Love this build. Can't wait till the next episode!!
Those winder clips were standard fit on nearly all Australian build cars in the 60's and 70's the correct tool closely resembles a steel ruler with roughly a 1/2 semi circle cut out of the end. You push the clip back from the open ears and it will park itself in the handle in a released position. Course I broke quite a few handles and lost clips before I worked this out ;-0
Toyota even made their own "binky" one of those cars with the running gear from an MR2, the Aygo Crazy
You'd be better off building a VR Sim racing setup. The money you'd save on the giant monitors would be nice, doesn't need to look like a nice setup. You can buy a decent wheel setup for 100 rather than a few 100, too. Throw in an old seat and a moderately powerful PC (not that expensive) and a VR headset and you've got a setup that will blow and monitor setup away in terms of feeling  Still not even close to being a match for the real thing, though
I love Binky, but this should be interesting due to the fact these cars are cheap and easy to come by
its the mighty jingles's intro song!
Very hansy guys 🤣🤣🤣
wait, there's 3 project series now?? wat what point will we see something finished?
Where the fuck is the end of the Mini build¿ Have I missed something or did it ever finish?
Would they notice if you sneaked binky's Celica engine and running gear into it?
Iv always wanted to do a dv6 or NFS  conversion on a c1/ 107 I think it would be a fun project
You should sell your channel to a TV station, they would snap it up. And, can we have a live web cam?
22:21 Okay, flokking off ;-)
There is a very basic tool you use to take those window winding handles off.
Please next time you play Benny Hill theme music, both of you drop what you're doing and run around the car a few times before resuming the task at hand.
same intro as the mighty jingels xD
I was ready with my comment finger to hit the laptop keys in anger about where the f**k is binky! But.......... I really enjoyed that so keep them coming. Liked 👍🏻
I'd never even thought of putting loctite on rivnuts - blindingly obvious now you good chaps have demonstrated it - will defo add that to my "good things wot I nabbed off others" list
More Binky Please
This will be a good car for 5he 2035 season
A C1 was my first car! I've never clicked on anything more quickly. I unfortunately blew the engine in mine accidentally shifting from second to first somewhere around 40-50 mph... I replaced the engine, and that's how I got into fixing cars. C1s will always have a special place in my heart.
I thought he said "next week"........... nah 😂😂
What happend to the funk? You can't build a car properly without bringing in the funk!
Dear video viewers: I'm commenting before actually watching this vid. Why? Because my heart skipped a beat .. Another Bad Obsession video, finally! I haven't felt this sort of anticipation since the days of clumsily fondling with brassiere hooks. So is it just me?
I was contemplating on building one of these looks like great fun! sadly i just have too much to do as it is at the moment :-(
38 seconds in I'm asking myself 'why have they put a power socket on the drivers window?' Yes, it's been one of those weeks already... I had a C1, put 100k on it in 4 years, loved it. Great, simple, sturdy little cars.  edit: Who spirited away that half-hour? Very enjoyable folks, thanks. Did you really say 'next week'? #cantwaitthatlong
What is this? What happened? You Completed the interior mods in just ONE episode......are you guys ok??      Did you complete Binky and I missed it??
Fish that clip out with a bit of rag!!!
OH YEEESSSS,  Bad Obsession is back !. Brilliant idea fella’s, a great way to show how to get into motorsport cheaply and simply, a cheap car, a Lego style bolt and go kit and showing us all that it’s easy for any diy guy, or gal, to do themselves. Can’t wait for part 2. Good times indeed !.. Thanks guys.
This is going to be a great series as these cars are cheap as chips!
finding this made me happy
You guys look a bit to old to try on any running gear me thinks ? You’re way too fat and Shirley past all that malarkey! 🤨
Large eBay list of parts
Hey guys wtf happened to Blinky. Didn’t you’re grandie tell you to finish stuff off!!!
Gotta mention that the production process just gets better and better
Well i got really excited when the the door lock knob was rattling. I thought here comes a  snazzy bracket  but NO , a modified P clip?? Oh the Pain and confusion.  Should be a snorting little racer  when done. Cant wait to see all carnage break out at the first corner when the braking points  differ.
I had always wondered how roll cages were able to be fitted inside a car. I had assumed they were all one welded unit.
I think they bought the Citroen as a wheel donor for Binky, and now may as well destroy the rest of the car in a civilized manor.
Stop starting new projects GET BINKY FINISHED! :-D    :-D    :-D
To get the window handle off easier, use a rag.  Slide the rag under the edge of the handle and 'saw' back and forth.  Catch the clip and you're good to go.
How did you remove all the sound deadening from underneath the carpet
Hint for removing the window wonder handles, get a rag fold it in half, slide the fold into the area between handle and door card. Wrap around 180 degrees then pull the rag around one way then the other until clip catches on rag and comes off. Take it slow as if you are to fast the clip comes off to quick and gets lost.
Looks like an interesting series of videos.enjoyed this one.cant wait for more
Drinking Earl f’king Grey!!! 😱
I went with the simulator
I hope you can keep the heater blower functional, doing rain laps with the windows all fogged up is really not fun.
"Features, not faults!" Wonderful...
A trick for getting old school window winders off, use a rag. Feed it between the door card and the handle (where you stuck the screw driver) and the clip pops out.
isnt that same intro song from the mighty jingles?
So, we all just going to ignore this isn't Binky?
Use a small rag run back and forth in the gap where the clip is to remove window winders.
Hah! I know something you boys don't for once! (A very rare occasion indeed)  To get the clip off that style of window window winder use a cloth. Wiggle it in until it catches one of the prongs of the hooks and pull in a line, pops it out easy and fast.  I figure it's the least I can do to give you that little nugget of info for all the education and inspiration you've delivered me over the years. I still owe you more than a few though.
Excuse my ignorance.. but where was the conclusion to Binky?
i was disappointed it wasnt about the mini... but then i watched the whole thing and loved it anyway. seems like i just cant get enough of whatever you are working on. carry on!
US DOT in 2009 mandates a roof must wistand three times its curb weight for crush resistance. not understand how that is not a roll cage standard.. (and as such, US vehicles have at least 1000lb (450kilo) increase in curb weight vs over seas.... (2500 lb car anywhere else, is 3600lb stateside)
I'll be dead before this is even close to finished.
Well Done Richard, just looked at the first 2 round results, 2nd in class in round 1 and 1st in class in round 2, way to go.
OK, read some of the other comments, about other TouTube channels and those making them. While some may be 'better' or'worse' than others, they all have the potential to teach us new tricks, methods, or concepts - almost as good is that they can also teach us things to avoid doing, basic mistakes, and the like. Some are more in depth and professional, some are more superficial and just skim over details - but even they have a place.
I need more!!!
It’s probably been mentioned in a previous comment, but if you string a rag behind the window crank and work it back and forth it gets those clips off hassle free. Great work as always, gents.
Nik, that rain light mount sits .01MM too high. Time to bin it and make your own. Might I suggest 'getting the funk out' to music fellow Brit and YouTuber Charles Berthoud while making it?
Just checked, only five door versions of the C1 on the second hand market here in Sweden.
At 18:32, setting the captive nuts parallel before welding them to the cage plates that will be welded to the car, so that the captive nuts will never be seen again! Pure OCD class!
Project Winky?  Nice work guys. Was definitely suffering from BOM withdrawal.
Blow up those air bags for us
Great video. New subscriber here! Going against the grain for a real budget build by getting the dash flocked and bothering to get the blue paint to make it look a bit more presentable!  How much weight did you remove & how much does the car weigh
I know it doesn't matter but the way Toyota suggests removing the window crank handles is "sawing" a thin rag (I use a shirt) back and forth between the crank and the door card. It pops the clip right out so you don't have to deal with the little o-ring pick and pulling your hair out.
Bastards.  I'd gone into withdrawal.
'And, here I thought up till now, watching Nick making a bracket to hold the wire loom on Binky was EXCITING!
doesn´t matter that there´s no mini content - just any content from BOM is top notch!!!
Sooooo you guys just gonna blue ball is on the mini ?
it's not until you see a car being taken to pieces that you realise just how shit they are....
ah for f*ck sake, will ye finish the first car!
9:53 Top tip for you, hold a rag/microfibre cloth in both hands and use it to "floss" the pin out. It eventually gets caught under one of the legs and pops it straight out.
Those trim removal tools are very satisfying.
"To be competitive you need to spend a lot more" I mean, I get in the top 10 in dirt rally dailies / leaderboards with an office chair with wheel stops behind the casters and a logitech wheel...
Oh hello gentlemen, and Chris
Oh come on, don't say you are going to spoil us with weekly episodes now and then let us wait again for Binky! :D  I have missed all the grinding BOM!
Awesome! Thanks for this
Glad to see you guys and great to see you are well fighting fit and ready to bring us Awesome content, Thanks Lads see you next week Woo Hoo
I never see deals like that in my area......I can't find French cars in my neck of the woods though...
Does the rear window defroster still work with the rain light added?
We need this CCC concept in germany
Well how about that: I'm currently remaking an f4 chassis  for a chap - so he can use it as a sim' whilst at trade shows. It's quite the expensive hobby!
In Australia you can do cheap motorsport events without having to buy a roll cage etc. Motorkhana , Khanacross and entry level Rally all are against the clock
Have the BRSCC regulated custom brackets?
Superb content as always. Bravo. As for next week, excellent news. BINKY THOUGH!!!!!!!
Not to have to race with Binky?
Mind passing me that little window roller upper clip? My CRX is missing one, Kthnx
I use the acid 8 as weld through primer, none of the advertised weld through primers actually adhere to the metal properly so are actually pretty pointless other than that nice work
NEXT WEEK?!?!  YEAH Baby!
Yes!
FLOCK OFF died.
next week!!!
Did you guys manage to fit that mini in the library lorry?
Not one to complain gentlemen but ...... not a single bracket was fabricated, is this the future,
nice production but 2800 quid rece kit for a non fitting bullshit kit on a 850quid car (you only kept the image for a split second). you are so nice to someone. can't wait to see another binky.
Holy heck I hate that car screw locations on the dash board.
I'm sure it's already been asked, but since I'm far to busy, and by that I mean lazy, to scroll through 1700 comments. Do you have any idea how much weight you took out of it ?
If you paid 850 squids for that shed in the YouKay, you've been seriously ripped off.
Is Binky being forgotten?
What's happening with project binky
Would the car still be road legal when complete? I have a 107 I was considering stripping out. I didn't realise there was a racing series though. This has lit a fuse 😁
Hi  What about the BINKY project?  What stage are you at?  I hope you have not given up a nd have gone with a NarrowBoat.  David
A tip from working on Mazda MX-5s, the easiest way to get the window cranks off is by working a shop rag under the handle. That easily pops that clip off every time.
so good puts many to shame that don’t anything just advert parts
We used to call those windows clips "Jesus Clips" because when you pop 'em loose they shoot of any you say "jesus! where'd it go??"
very cool job and looks to be a good fun racing with these washing machines ;)
Well Im impressed and now collecting apple seeds to feed in a pie to my mother in law so I can have dibs on her C1.... 144 apple seeds contain enough arsenic to... well, you know....
More please.
Thank God !!! i was having Bad Obsession withdrawals.
Ultimately watchable! When people ask me what I watch on TV and if I like things like Top Gear (in the recent crap years) I tell them that I no longer watch TV for this kind of content, instead I find channels like this that give really high quality content with all the details that real car fans want to see.
Great film, even better music, but...... WHERE’S BINKY??????  GET. ON. WITH. IT.!!!!!’
Good content !
JUST WONDERING IF IT WILL EVER GET FINISHED HAHAHAHA LOVE YOU BOYS TOTALLY AWESOME
Fuckin in the bushes vibe on that intro
Fantastic video as always ! Was great to see content from you again and I can't wait to see this build!
how about you gut that big battery up, fit a lithium one inside her, connect the terminals...hidden weight reduction. any one got any other ideas how to cheat?
There is a good way to remove those window winder clips/handles with a rag.
Building an £3750 competitive hatchback race car - Part 1  There, fixed the tittle for you ;) 850$ car though... damn i think i'm moving country, that crap is at least 1500£ where i live. And no that's not new ;)
Great Video. I live in France and here these cheap Series are Dead. the manufacturers  ensured that you have to Pay Top Money for new cars - used is to dangerous . And Now it has to be eco-friendly and soon electric only,  Crap Here. Cheapest in France is the Caterham Series ...
I've concluded that I could watch you guys build a literal pile of shit and be glued to the screen.  Well done
Where's Binky you barstewards?
Whatever happened to Project Binky?
Yes, troubling times for Nick, Especially if he used less than 3 Earl Grey teabags for his brew..
Slide a rag behind the winder and move ,eft right pulling down
21:05 I think his calibrated torque arm when way beyond FT and gone full Gudn'tight German spec!
These guys are just brilliant!
Click Like before starting the video ! I know you guys you will have an amazing episode!
ahh so kinda like the hyundai excel racing series in australia. all cars must be hyudai excells of certain years and engines.
Wondering how many people in this race series will go the route of adding some weight reduction with a hole saw.
Ahhh, that's better. A BOM fix.
This was so epic!!!! Can't believe we get to watch you guys weekly now!!
This is awesome
#Club1000  FTW  !!
It was absolutely excellent to hear y'alls voices again in another great video. EVEN got to hear "make the noise..." love it.   PROJECT BINKY!!!
As a Sim racer that's been doing it since the Grand Turismo 1 day's (1997) and one of the top 20 rated drivers in the US, I have to defend my sport. Nothing personal =) In fact a massive amount of "Aliens" (Definition: A Sim Racing driver so skilled and fast he must be an "Alien") don't use really expensive equipment. In fact iRacing's fastest driver has an old Logitech G25 bolted to a desk, and fun fact when he's not racing he helps his father on a farm. I myself have been able to earn the title of "Alien" and started out with a $110 Thrustmaster T300 that had a blown power supply that I fixed and modified, and used for 2 years until I got the Fanatec setup I have now (And to be honest even though I have around $800 into the Fanatec setup I miss my T300 and don't find the Fanatec setup that much better) so in conclusion you can get into sim racing for very little (Between the Dell optiplex I built with a GTX 1060 and the T300 I had I was less than $450 invested and entering pro racing series in less than a few months, however I must add that I was a student of the Audi and Honda program and a driving instructor at my home track at Road Atlanta for 5 years and continued to race a few years after that in unlimited 2.0L Touring car class and the Audi TT series, so I didn't just start out really good i had to work for it just so that's clear)  Anyway, figured I'd try and clear that up incase theirs someone out their who wants to join Sim Racing doesn't get discouraged cause trust me we need more good/respectful drivers out there. Love the video and that car looks like it's gonna be solid. =)
Feet don't fail me now!
Splendid!
Break out your best and brightest markers because colour me interested in this series!  And just to get the puns out of my system; "Bad Obsession; its a FAB Show"  I'll see myself out and leave that one by the door in case it tickles your power tools
I thought this was an episode from The Mighty Jingles for a second...
This is brilliant I love it.... more of these builds would be awesome 👌
been missing you
The window handles have a trick. Put a shop rag between the winding handle and the door card like floss between teeth and pull it around the shaft. Much quicker and easier than the pick. couldn’t be bothered to read all 1.5k comments to see if anyone already posted this.
Next Week?!?!
this is going to be a great series , for once a YouTube recommendation that i have thoroughly enjoyed. cant wait for the next instalment  .
All those bumps & scrapes are nowt to do with tin top racers & everything to do with young female ownership !
"It's one piece......." Nick " Heh, not for long!"
I love that tool for pinging out those horrible plastic attachments
23:28 make the noise!!
Main thing i learnt from this video is that you can actually buy a tool that cuts cable ties flush. Off to ebay!
That'll be next year then.....😁😁 you two need to get back on the pies and biscuits or is this your racing weight? Welcome back boys you know you've missed us.
Hey, is you two the Shropshire firm that's renovating the Aston Martin Bulldog, or are you just buggering about with bullshit⁉️🤔🤔🤔
Next.....week?...my head, the pain....weekly!.....need hel.............
This is just what these guys needed.....a deadline
Here for the Jimmy broadbent collab
Great video lads, need something to keep me sane 🤣
I love UK for this. The city car racing
Thanks!!! Nice to see your's vidéo Again!!! Cheers from Switzerland 👍🏻
im exited to see how this turns out
Oh hell no I ain't falling for this bring back binky
After contemplating around captive nuts, master mech continues to casually butt weld a strecthed but not released roll cage to the 1,5 mm thick sheet of "unibody".. I would have thought that those plates would've sandwitched the body sheet between them. But hey, whatever makes you feel safe. Good thing is that most of the races are probably run on tarmac. On graver, that roll cage could rattle itself loose.
Top tip for the day, drag a rag in behind that style window winder and move it around like you were flossing your bum with a towel and it will pop the clip off
Funk montages > rock montages
The Benny Hill music was perfectly timed guys,.....haha !! cheers from Australia
"Join us next week..." Fuck off! Really???
What an emotional journey this video was:  New BOM video: OH JOY! Video not related to Proj. Binky... URGE TO KILL RISING! Continue watching... URGE TO KILL FADING, Fading, fading, gone... Video ends... URGE TO KILL RISING!
Did I hear that right? Fucking parallax error? Last word I expected to hear.
Would be curious to know how much stripping a guy could make back towards the purchase price 🧐
BOM: Takes years to build a mini. Builds a race car in a few weeks. Just goes to show how much more goes into a street car!
They actually make a tool for removing those window winders. Very common on old American cars. Which is to say, yes, shitty.
9:26 Oh no, those speakers! They've actually taken the funk OUT
Basically a Daihatsu so i’m all for it 😁
Were is binky
nice job guys!
Man if Nicks not going to be making well placed bracket's I'm going to have withdrawals. I need my bracket fix damn it
A day after posting, having half as many views as subs seems insanely successful. Congratulations. Will be watching the next episode!
1:45 It's a misconception that you need those kind of expensive racing sim setups to be competitive. I've won Project Cars 2 community events with my Xbox 360 controller.
Where is the mini!?)
Someone cross-threaded the seatbelt bolt at the factory 🤦‍♂️
Where's BINKY?and the hauler?
Blimey, never expected for such thing to exist, roll cage, exhaust, coilovers, etc. in a bloody kit, track time made easy.
Project Dinky?
Next week? In sea turtle years maybe. I'll believe it when I see it!
Why do you keep doing this to yourselves
Did you lads not know that the tool used at 8:19 usually can be used to release the window crank handle seen at 9:59? There's a special tool, too, made in a similar shape that works a bit better, but the trim removal tool can usually get the job done.
I wish there was a series like this near me.
I knew I recognized that intro! The Mighty Jingles uses that as the intro for his World or Tanks videos!  https://youtu.be/w48gVdXV6rE
you got to give it to the britts to make fun on the cheap hats off
I don't care if they start twenty different projects all at once and finish none of them. I'd watch these two britbongs building shit even if they stopped putting together Binky leaving us wondering what the final color is.
Love your content!
I pray who ever reads this becomes successful            in life.
Just noticed you don’t know how to mig weld properly.
You paid too much for that by at least £350
Wow you found a car I have actually worked on! And iv only ever worked on 2.
Love the PlayStation theme intro tune!
Great video , great work as always, looks like a fun sport to get into, I especially enjoyed the Benny Hill theme song when you guys were wrestling with the roll cage ,funny stuff
I'm shocked you guys don't know the tea-towel trick for removing window winder handles!
Love the work! Can't wait to see this finished and on the track. I wish we had access to this kind of competition here at home. Also can't wait to see the return of the other projects!
I love the attention to detail
“It’s time for Nick to fit the Cage”. Ah, I see what you done there.
cant wait for the next episode in 5 months
best thing to get window winder clips out is a rag .tuck it behind and pull both sides. works a treat.
Aww guys you dropped this on my birthday?!!  How did you even know?  I swear I am going to be like you when I grow up
I've MOTd loads of those they must be ten a penny, anyway how is the Cargo doing ?
Great to see ya back lads.
Awesome, guys. Thanks for uploading.
Are you leaving the heater box and all that extra weight in the car?
Glad to see you guys still building even with everything going on! I'm now off to look through ebay to get myself a little race car!
I love the car and the channel, but you seriously don't need thousands invested into simracing gear to be competitive, 90% of people use the cheapest stuff and do great.
I would love to see you guys build the ultimate sim racing rig... It would of course need brackets
I just discovered your channel. Excellent video... and hilarious 🙂
Not Binky? Flock off :D
Wheeeeere's Biiiiiinkyyyyyyyy???  :( :( :(
10 years later...........
WHERE IS BINKY?!?!?!
Budget minded, real racing... Go Gents Go
14:07 Yakety Sax = DEMONITIZED! I made that mistake before. You guys had better go mute that portion of the video or else all the income from this video will go so some copyright troll lawyer.
There used to be a couple of blokes on you tube. They looked alot like you, I don't know they were building a mini or something, lots of brackets involved, it was smart. This is interesting though, nice one.
aaah! nothing like a good dose of madness to feel healthy again ...
Did ya'll get the punchline "next week" Ahahahaha LMBO
Excellent effort, fellas! I am looking forward to future instalments. Thank you.
I bet,she goes like shes,on rails! 😄
I foobarring Love This!! Sterling work gents 🕶
The bracket Gods heard our cries!!
"That's right I said week"  ...yas.
daihatsu sirion
And I got my Bad Osession music fix as a bonus
It’s been two months! Where’s Blinky?
Rain light? for when it's raining?
Was hoping binky might appear, but, I do need a bad obsession fix so theis swill do.........................JUST......Nice to see you guys again
It’s good to see this build is using the long-established torque setting of ‘shear it and back one’.  Great to see you guys, it always puts a smile on my face seeing your videos in my feed.
Really spooky that you use the same intro music as Might Jingles does. It really made me wonder if I was watching the right video for a while...
C1’s to double in value!
Whats going on with project binkie?
Great diversion, fun to watch!
bloody hell a french car with screws! my 306 has those daft torx screws. But then again were these built by Toyota?
love it as usual but wheres binky ?
Missed you fellas, glad to see you back, great show.
But can it run Crysis?
WTF?! Where is Binky??
I rewound, and yes, he _really did say_ *next week.* The glorious future we all waited for has arrived!
What is that panel clip popping tool you used??
Awesome, can't wait for the next. Quickest 30 minutes ever 🙄
Where is the mini 🤔🤪😢😢😢😢🤬
Ill see you  in 6 months
Definitely the best car build channel on YouTube! Cannot wait for the next episode :)
More brackets
God Americas used car market is so damn stupid. Junk is 1500$ when in uk you can get a driving legal car for few hundred. I guess because we have the space? I duno its dumb
Not a single bracket was manufactured.
I don't care what anyone says, Aygos and C1s are rad little cars. My mate used to have one and even the standard car was fun to rag about B roads. You could hold it at rev limiter and eventually it'd start popping and banging like all the cool kids and it's throw the odd flame from the exhaust too. Such a funny little car, i'd love to race one.
Great new project to follow!!!!  Use an old sock to get window cranks off (fyi)
by the time they will finish the car the racing series will be finished lol. BTW they finished second in their category with Richard Brunning at the wheel. Not bad!
I was really praying this was going to be a Cooper update
£850 for that?
I wonder if BOM is familiar with the US phenomena known as 24 Hours of Lemons ?   junk car endurance racing,  its about 17 hours of actual racing over 2 days, the car sans safety equipment can't cost more than $500 (wink wink nudge),  and while silliness is encouraged, there's actually a rather serious component of racing to it all, as well as craziness like 2AM junkyard engine swaps so they can race the 2nd day after throwing a rod on the first.    I've known folks who've fielded cars like older Mercedes 400E,  Volvo 740 turbo wagons,  various beat up BMWs, and had decent results.    These races take place at major road racing tracks across the USA.
Wow, really cool build.
I’m not sure I like all these “premade” parts going into this build.  Thought I clicked on the wrong channel for a couple mins.  Lol.
Least it's going together quicker then the mini 😂😂
The car in all probability would be better without the Powerflex bushes. Depends on the application but..
Another great video / project, only problem was that after the opening music I was expecting the mighty jingles 😄
@23:20  I’ve been waiting a looong time to hear that! Great to see a new series, 2020 is worth living again!
drivers side interior door handle going spare by any chance lol ??
I was getting worried about you, boys. Glad you're not only ok but doing daft things like racing a shoebox. Well done.
yet this would cost 3000 euros or more on Portugal.
Огонь!👍 🔥
Great episode, this is something we can all aspire to doing and a great way into racing on the cheap. But £850 for a 15 year old hatch in poverty spec trim? Complete with the full set of bent panels and scuffmarks I'd be picking that up for £500 around here. I still look at your welds with envy though.
please, can you send me the blue clips of the radio bezel. i keep losing those installing the new android radio into the new 2 din bezel which did not came with blue clips. nah just jokin' the new bezel actually fits and grips just good enough without them to be honest.
Great idea for a series. Very enjoyable and actually inspirational too. Entry level motorsport looks fun. Great idea by the organisers
You boys feeling alright..... Next Week? Seriously we expect less of you
6:55 ...and now the car can be put on axle stands.  ...well this little maneuver is going to cost us six years...
What happened to Binkey?
@25:05 So what? Unless you expect guesswork instead of measurements, it is quite the opposite. :) @25:10 That is no excuse for bad fitment, aka "teasing" problems, from the factory. :)
Loving the content. Rally is not a crime
Enjoyable as can be, "BUT" STILL WAITING FOR THE "PAINT".................................
You can't beat British humour with a good cup of tea and biscuits
This is the only Youtube channel I'm addicted to!!!
Hi guys what would this cost for someone like yourselves to do this work for a paying customer? As always, enjoyed your videos
hehe week.....i'll believe it when see....love you guys can't wait for next episode.....waiting on Binky killing me....lol
But does it have mint pockets tho?
But who is playing Abraham Lincoln?
A neat trick to getting the window winders off with those sort of clips.... is to get a rag, slide it between the door card and handle and start sawing with the rag, this action catches the rag on the two 'ears'  of the open side of the clip which in turn pulls it off the spline shaft. For years i mamed, marred and just straight f**ked trims and winders until i learnt this method. Alas..... great to see you two back with some more crazy shenanigans, stay safe over there!
Clueless American here.  What is a "Rain Light"?    Love the project, and glad to hear that the work stoppages on Binky and Escargot have finally been resolved.  (I saw your post about waiting for 3rd parties...I get it!  lol)  Carpe Diem.
Like Like Like
What has happened to the mini? Been following it all the way..
Me after 15" of video: Oh this is going to be good. Paused and got myself a cup of tea.
#povspec racing! Cheaper than golf!
hold up you've actually completed a project? oh god it really is the apocalypse..... according to past chat comments saying it'd be the apocalypse when you'd actually finish something other than a cup of tea.
Absolutely fabulous. Got us (three brothers) thinking now for something to do
Great content as always
nice. fuses behind the instrument cowl oh how evil. had to look up rain light. whats the expected bhp / ton??
Benny Hill , always shows up !
Genuinely excited about this. Good work guys 👍
As much as I love Binky, and as much as I love doing my own tinkering out in the shed, I am wholly excited to see you two doing a project that is much more in line with the capabilities of much of your audience.  Keep being excellent, gentlemen!
Is the rear heated screen not a timed circuit?
Sell the parts.. you will get more than £850
Inject this content straight into my veins!  It’s just too bad that this sort of motorsport just isn’t all that possible in the US
Thank you guys for filling  Bad Obsession fix. Not sure how much longer I could have went without it. Can't wait for next week.
It’s all the little things that add up to a “clean” build.  Does it matter if there’s an adel clamp on the lock button rod? Well no, but isn’t it so much nicer with one? Edit: And you know what? It does matter. When a tech inspector is looking over a car and sees that attention was paid to such a seemingly insignificant detail, their impression will likely be that attention was equally paid to the things that *are* important.
Great project and epsiode. I've driven one of these race cars on the road though (fully converted for this series) and it's mighty slow.
Automatically opening windows? Vibration plus gravity is going to put that arm in the 6 o'clock position?? I cant be the only SmartA$$ here
4:55 The diahatsu designed Toyota engine in our Citroen 😂
21:18 uuuuuuuuuuuurgh CLICK
Great video again guys, but if you could drop the American style "show you loads of clips in the intro" it would be even better. We're already watching, we know it's going to be good, we don't need to be enticed further or have surprises spoilt!
I'll see you in 3 years when it's finished.....
next week?????      we don't believe you!!!!!!!
'Saw' a rag back and forth between the door panel and the window crank and those gold clips pop right off!
I haven't watched yet as I'm at work. Is this the car the Escargo is being made for?
I want one.  👍😀
You could make one...instead of brackets. (second time watching)
Craft beer substituting for single malt taste.. Beats the alternative, water. i got a buzz from this.!!
cool vid guys,i expected to see more use of the hammer,
There is a special tool for those clips.
1/4 tank of fuel that's 160 miles or 34o626 km
And Nick passes out because he spray painted inside a tiny car.
Who made the cage
An  easy way to remove the window winder handles , use a old rag and hook it behind  the handle where the end of the clips are and pull the rag at one end ,
They paid way too much up front for the car.....
yaaaay my favorite two old codgers are back!! with another awesome build, don't know about the pre made brackets though, guess that's why there was less funk in this episode, love your videos!!
Does the rain light have a built-in flasher or do you guys actually have to install one ?
Part 2
This is a series i can get behind! I own a newer 2019 model toyota aygo so i cant wait to see what you guys do!
New series. I hope you will driving this car in the near future.🙄
Never thought that 2020 would be the year that BOM would finish a project. :P  Awesome mini series, I can see this race series getting popular going forward.
When the Bargain Racement title was displayed, why did I hear in my mind a Barron Von Grumble voice over announcing it?...
For the window winder clips, I use a shop rag between the door and the handle. Slide it back and forth a few times around it and it'll pop the clip right out.
This needs a French pop music soundtrack , heavy music just don't suit
You guys are stiff AF. Pull the stick outta your assess and relax.
Please finish the mini 🙏
Needs more brackets.
Next week? What?
Not enough bracketry...
That rain light is going to rattle Nick to madness.
not a fan of Citrus , but Great video. Respect for work you put in
YES!!!!!!!!!!
Those little aerospace marker pens are ace unless you touch a piece of paper with them and they never work again
Oh Binky, Binky, where fore art thou dear Binky? 😩 I suppose this series will do for now boys 😜
Where is the mini guys?
A citroen c1 Everybody: stinky pizza delivery box BOM: RaCeCaR
very interesting to get a view on competitive hobby motorsports and how seemingly little it takes to start racing.
used to own peugeot 107.. interior is for spartans, but i loved you could fold seats so easily... i had lot of XXX in there 😇😋
Off to ebay I go
Glad to see you back on YouTube and the car is looking great for what it is an Econo Shitbox but what the hell you can race it. Question for you what the hell is a "rain light" ? Never heard that term before.
Damn that cage fits better than the one I fitted god knows how many times in a C1 race car for a customer,good work guys carry on !!
Love it guys thx 👍🚗😊
You are aware that "a lunatic with a grinder fetish" could have a very different meaning...?
IT'S A BOM VIDEO LET'S GOOOOOOOO
Very timely. I was at a VW Audi Club Norwegen meet recently. One member had his VW Lupo racecar/cup car there. I've wanted to build a Golf or A3 trackcar for a while. But between that Lupo and this, I'm hurting.
Great to see you back. Looks like an interesting project. Will be watching.
Wait! What? Finished?
Surely you can sell most of the stuff you removed here
That's cool, guys.  Looks like fun and it is a good expansion of your content.  Hadda chuckle a little bit with the Benny Hill music.  Been a long time.  Like decades.
Thank you!!! Keep it up!
Bored now :( :(
*Hears the intro sequence*  "...Wait, this isn't World of Tanks with the Mighty Jingles!" XD
Good job guy's . really enjoying the build 👍
I thought: "hey, the radio clips are the same as in my Auris." Then i realized this is a Toyota :D
I can imagine how depressed and saddened you were when you found that the kit came with its own brackets. I feel so sorry for you.
Everything you guys make is top notch, be it a car or a YouTube episode. Brilliant.
WEEK did he just say week? I must be dreaming or iv gone to heaven... on binkys not finished so its the first one. Dame i love this channel THANK YOU BOM.
I thought that you might appreciate this pic.  The opposite end of the racing spectrum from your budget city car racer.  I suspect that the "make the noise" mantra certainly applies.  Love your videos!  https://youtu.be/Y1_cFCjkLGA
Can you do a breakdown of cost and where to get the kit from etc?
Just glad to see you are alive and well...if not sane. L
@23:10 Isn't that bar on the left (the one the floor piece mounts to) a shin breaker, in case of a side collision? Looks like it's in the right place to get your left shin.  I'm not an expert on this kind of stuff in any way, it's an honest doubt.
Like the Bugs Bunny at 9:15
Half finished jobs everywhere   time to finish binky
Well, actually.. I think this is one case where you DIDN'T do your homework! If you can get some chinese Arduino's (7 quid each), drivers, stepper motors, an assortment of buttons/switches (to make the steering wheel), a hydraulic pressure sensor (for the brake pedal, and use firewall+pedal box+brake master cylinder from the Celica), and hall sensors (for clutch & throttle pedal), put your various welding machines and milling machine (not to mention angle grinder) in working some pieces of metal, you could have easily got away with a lot less than 850 quid and modified your existing sim racing setup to be just as competitive, if not better. They sell these rigs for stupid amounts of money, with cheapest chinese components, because people don't mind paying for it.  And how much did that kit cost? My guess is even if you add headtracking into the mix you're still nowhere near the cost of purchasing, much less fully kit out that Citroen :)  But despite all this, your end-game is accepted: There is no substitute for driving IRL if you can afford it!
epic....i do hope poor binky isnt sitting in the corner watching you play with other toys!
Ah nice little Citroën with a really fun Toyota engine. Had one, brilliant it was fun but with all those modification it must be awesome ! Never disapointed by you guys
Bell icon set to "all"...
100% not disappointed that you are starting another project without finiahing the others. Would watch you guys mow the grass if you decided that was worthy of a video
why can't the organisers map the ECUs through the OBD2 port prior to racing ?
Thanks a million guys for putting this together for us. I really miss binky and this is helping fill a Mini shaped hole in my life.
Ok I'm in.
IS it legall to use locktight on cage bolts??
Next week?😲
City Car Cup does sounds like something straight out of Gran Turismo 2  Also, wow, this car is basically, plastic, paper and sheet metal
"Join us next week"...some time later (3 months)
The intro seriously reminded my of the world of tank with might jingles opening series
great stuff lads! a good trick with those window winder is to use a rag. loop it over and behind, do a bit of flossing and the clip pops out 😁
Take £850 car, add 42,000 man hours, 198 precision made brackets, and a few extra of the queens finest sovs.
Can I just say you dont half sound like Tony Blackburn???
Next week?! Lunatics... :)
Oi, @TheMightyJingles, you all Brits use the same into music or what? @BadObsessionMotorsport, thanks for the great video. Still waiting on Binky tho...
I might be wrong but forcing the cage in place while welding the support place seems like a bad idea from a material science point of view. You’re putting pre-tension on the cage and thus reducing its effective elastic limit.
Absolutely love it, just watched the cadwell race. Tidy little finish you had. Now to fill my need for bad absession I'm of to start binky from episode 1 again
Next week? Do you think us fools? we've heard that before!  Seriously cool little race car though.
Cheaper than converting a mini 🙊
Gotta see this!  www.joylavita.com
I was just recovering from going cold turkey, and now my dealer is back in town! Yay!!!
Cup of tea. Check. Bowl of chips. Check. Time to put the funk on. Hell ya!
The horror, Nik drinking earl grey, SAY IT ISNT SOO!!!
never through 2 men can make me smile more than my gf
Brilliant lads welcome back. Looking forward to seeing the end results
Errr... usually, after such music, it goes something like : "Howdy, folks, and welcome back to World of Tanks with the Mighty Jingles". I'm very confused.
WHAT?? Do you mean we can actually watch you again NEXT WEEK? Not in a few months time? Woo hoo!! Love ya work guys.  Cheers from Sydney Australia! 🇦🇺🦘🐨🐨🦘🇦🇺
Thank God! It's been too long, lads! Welcome back!
You don't have to spend big money to simrace. And You definitely don't need to spend big money to be competitive. Why tell lies? :( And is this a competitive race car ? Against Porsches, Radicals, BTCC etc? Because with 300$ sim wheel You can be competitive against those 50 000$ rig guys.
Where’s Blinky
How about racing it GLP for a "clean and environmentally friendly" racing? (hope you understand my spanish humour)
I dont need episode 1... i need episode 33!!!
I can’t believe neither of you have a window winder trim clip tool....
This was my first car, its odd seeing someone else take apart something you took apart.
It’s screaming Toyota aygo to me not race car or c1
love that dash!  You're inspiring us to strip out the Sandero in an effort to GO A BIT FASTER.  A+
Very nice affordable race series, and two of the best blokes even show us how to build the car :)
pretty cool
Welcome back guys!
This is the best build I’ve seen on YouTube
I have say it, I have missed you guys. Welcome back !!
Ohh my.  I remember reading the announcement that this series was going to be released. I saw the car and passed up the vid like 10 times.  Why would I want to watch that stupid little car get modified? Then the auto-play kicked in one time and I saw the Bad Obsessions Motorsport logo!  Hold on.  That’s not Binky I was saying to myself. Enjoyed the first episode.  Thank you for putting out more content!
Congratulations on the win in the last race.
Welcome back!  Now I have a guide on how to fix the Aygo!
I really like it
Thanks for making the Internet useful again soooo glad your back
Oh thank Dog you boys are still insane and twisted, Great choice to bang away and enjoy a quickie until sanity returns with a cheap and narsty tart of a build to go have some fun with. And I agree that PS1 and Colin Mcrae Rally was the best and yelling at Nicky Grist to Oh FFS SHUT UP was most satisfying and way cheaper than what I had been doing banging about in the bush in a Mk II Escort. Looking forward to the next instalment!
Very obscure link, but did anyone else think the auto expert Ming molls were about to make an entrance with the music while the car was being torn down ?  Love the content that Bad Obsession puts out. This is no exception, thanks guys 👍🍻
Sell the Bags back to Tocatta !!
Low key the coolest idea ever. Shout out Citycar cup. 🙏
Had to rewatch that last bit.. He's actually did say 'week'. =O
Are you allowed to remove the glass? It seems that would take a lot of weight away if you replaced it with plastic. (Later on)
WERE IS THE MINI
hi very cool guys
Brilliant as always 👌👌
I'm just here for the brackets. It has been hard with out my regular fix. the employees at the hardware store  were starting to get suspicious.
a lap in the stock vs modified car would be cool.
Hay! There's nothing wrong with earl grey tea.... What intrigues me is. For around 20k you can be set up with a competitive Sim racing rig - ok were talking high end- ish. But for cost of a steering wheel and foot pedals one can buy the *real deal*  🤷? Factor in a trailer,  4x4 to tow it to track,  you'd *Still* have change from 20k ? Yes the SIM is more accessible but if one is gonna spend that much and most likely spend most waking hours competing why not do the rea deal.. ?
My late Land Rover Santana 2.5 ld also has those pesky window clips. I need to restomod it urgently
More Yakkity sak montages please
When this popped up in my timeline, I thought "WTF? Why the hell would I be interested in a Shitroen C1 vonversion?" But then I thought, "This is BOM, what the hell..." 30 minutes later I wasn't disappointed.
Brilliant as usual
So glad you’re back!
I showed this vid to my C1...   And warned it, if you don't behave....   This will happen to you.!!!
Omg love this 😍😍 well done 👍
nurburgring bridge to gantry has something similar its called #club1000, rules are pretty simple, upto 1000cc, no turbos/superchagers/nos, no bike engines, but vtec and vvt are allowed, stripped interiour and rollcage with semi-slicks.
I mean its literally bolting things on and off yet these chaps make it impossible not to watch. Greatest channel on YT by far. Big fan.
Omg he said week
The mask is now a symbol, a symbol of compliance, the new symbol of fascism ... and under this new symbol the same old fascist destruction of freedom is carried out.  It is dangerous times, the potential for serious loss of human life is eminent.
What a brilliant concept for a race series, I'm so tempted. An awesome video, thanks guys.
LOVE IT!!!   Told one of my friends the exact same thing over and over...now he buys a nearly 1k steering wheel for his rig! ^^   And very good Idea from CCC!!! :)
I really love seeing cars getting stripped. You already earned my like for that!
When the intro played i tought am i watching a mighty jingles world of tanks video?🤣🙈
Where is binky?
Oh so it‘s their cup with their regulations and THEIR parts? Who would think they‘re making bank with those parts...
What a great video. Humour and teaching us lot some decent stuff! 10/10
Hell yeah, i love racing supermarket trolleys
Ahhh,...............that's better!! Thanks Lads.
No after credits scene? At least we got the “noise”
When two of your favourite channels use the same intro music
Here goes another 6year build...
A video a week? You are truly spoiling us now! Loving the latest project plan, how many weeks will this series run for?
Earl Gray...... don’t do it.....nobody likes Earl Grey. We’ve all made mistakes in our life but this is up there with stealing from old ladies!
How is the mini going cheers ps a trick to remove window winders handles is with a rage from left to right
You've actually completed a project and the door lock... he missed a chance for bracketry, can we all take a moment to consider the severe impact the pandemic has had on people?   Seriously though, this looks like a fun project and cheap too, Kinda maybe thinking this could be a father and son project with my lad...
am i the only person that noticed that isn't mini, or a snail? and is this mcm in disguise but you must say  a bit of striptiz is always welcome, and ocasional bracket, even if it was premade i hope you having fun guys
good to have you back guys i have had bad binky blues and sinking into despair
Nicely done 👍
And this is the Reason why you guys rock! Top notch build quality, no matter the budget. Super entertaining videos, and projects like these are a bit like a flashback to the beginning of everyone' s automotive journey. And it's a pretty cool way to get people into motorsports. You Sirs are Legends!
Do you know how much weight you removed  with all that trim, carpets and seats?
FINALLY a new episode 😍😍👍
Excellent ❤👍
You can use a hanky to remove the door handles.
so happy!!
First result from Google:  "Flocking” is a process of gluing tiny fibers to the top of the dashboard, which drastically reduces it's ability to reflect the sun back onto the glass. It also looks very awesome when done well, so this process one of the things we get a lot of questions about.
Me: mom can we get top gear Mum: no we have top gear at home  Top gear at home:
Thanks guys, there is light at the end of the tunnel.
But Where's binky?
Not impressed you fools starting yet another project without finishing Binky or the Bus. My mouse is hovering over unsubscribe!
Next week............... Yeah...... right. See you in FOUR months, guys !!!    |-)
Would love for there to be an UP! Cup.
WTF!? No cad AND prefabricated brackets.  Unsubscribed.
As aygo user, waiting for some useful cheats )) hello from Ukraine!
This is nice, but WHERE IS THE MINI ?
What is this???  Where is Binky?
Another awesome episode we ve missed this can we also have an episode of cad, brackets and excessive grinding need a fix..... Have and biscuits at the ready  😁
Covid has done something funny to the boys. They've become remarkably productive... 2 videos within a week of each other? Are you sure you guys are feeling ok?
What year will it be when it’s finished?
That is not Binky....well dont care, just give us content, cause yore so  fuc*ing god at it. I give 12 out of 10:-)
You should've looked at Aston Martin's bargain sim-rig at £70k . So happy for new content, cheers guys.
Excellent episode, you're back with a vengeance guys. I half expected to be told there was a shop selling straps at 07:05 @barkandjack
Where's the kettle?
Absolutely brilliant content, so good to have you guys back doing what you do best! Hope we actually get to see you race it too! 👍
My c1 drives corners on rails with 195 x45 x15  but is 100% shite in the wet ..fun doh..so the set up will be of interest.. more tea vicker  !  Still waiting for the next episode...
haha “due to popular demand - weekly” 😉🇦🇺
Great to have you back. I was delighted to see this pop up in my feed.
BOM the content was always great but now the production qualities are really stepping up to a new level. Keep up the great work and I look forward to this series which might end with a vehicle in the road...
Really guys? 3 months since the last binky vid. Cant you finish a project before starting another. Escargot didnt get finished either.
Yeh !! He said week !!!!!
Those clips for the door handles come off real quick with a rag.
As long as there's a bracket, I'm happy.
Just past the advert - know this is brilliant without watching. ..
Talk about getting half a chub over the trim clip removal tool, need one of those in my toolbox.
Another fantastic production. Looking forward to the rest of the build!
What's the torque spec on those cage bolts? German virgin?
As a gamer, I am finding this video more and more  videogame-realistic.
Awesome guys this going to be an awesome series for sure...
9:47 You're supposed to use a rag, not a pick...
Well done once more chaps! Have a hobnob on me.
Window winder handles will come off easier if you feed a rag between the backside of the handle and the door card, then work it back and forth like you're flossing your arse crack. Clip pops right off.
Brilliant.  Reminds me of when I built my own cheap rally car back in 2007 - especially the cage being a PITA to fit and needing 'help' to get the main loop to the right width.  Love it.
Great video 👍👍
47 dislikes from all the other competitors
3 minutes in and not one bracket made.... i'm disappointed
Good stuff, sounds like a fun racing series
Is it just me, or does that rainlight also flop about? Does it also need a modified mount like the locking point did on the doors?
Mutton cloth to remove the window winder clip. Slide behind the handle and pull. The horseshoe clip is the way 90% of manufacturers do it, nothing wrong with it.
The nice thing about sim rigs are once you buy it that's it. no fuel, changing tyres, fixing broken stuff :D
Damn ... Binky got an upgrade! :P 😂
Was that a fuse block on the side of the instrument cluster under the dash @ 11:54?  That would suck if you needed to replace a fuse.
Love this boys, can't wait for the next instalment. :)
The yakety Sax roll cage montage gave me a smile. HAVE MY LIKE
Once a week. What a treat :)
Whatt happend whit projekt binky?  Hawe binky just being a other halfdone projekt on Youtube??
Ahh input uploaded. Awesome, thanx guyz
Hi guys. When are you going to post finally the completion of your mini rebuild. It's been years since I've been following that build and it seems that you guys have given up on the mini build. It was the most interesting build that I was following. It is getting not interesting with your new builds whatsoever. Please show some more completion of the mini build guys.
How's the Escargot going?
Hey! Another unfinished car! More content: )
Woo hoo! Weekly episodes!
"That's right I said, NEXT WEEK", WoooooHooooo!!!!
Thanks guys - as allways much appreciated, your vids on doing stuff and cocking about a little. Perfect Weekend by far!
2 weeks to race day? How long has it been for poor Binky?
Nothing in that mug.
This is just an aside, but as a professional mechanic, seeing a dash where the top section can be separately removed from the rest of the dash looks really nice for ease of repair. Most dashes I've seen come out as one massive piece that's glued, screwed and tattooed in just about every spot imaginable.
“68 horses of fury.” I’ll get that shirt. But got to get me one of those NMFP one first.
Need to get u guys an amazon contract. Topgear got nowt on u guys well apart from the money. :)
I'm not sure if I trust these guys concept of time anymore, but I'll be tuning in next week just in case.
was binky ever painted??
I would just build an open wheel cart instead.
love it
We need this in France !
Hi lads. May l asked what's happened to the Binky project please ? Have followed that from the start. Plus the Cargo conversion  ?
I'm all over this, I sim race and auto-x constantly.  Here's the thing; I don't gotta check over and eventually replace things like tyres and brakes after a sim session, and I don't have to invest what'd re-buy my wheel in less than a season's outings. Thank goodness I've never even off tracked in real life; but in a sim? I've done things I couldn't afford physically or financially, and it's probably had something to do with keeping me on-track.
It has been a while. Between videos. But looks good. PS how is the truck and Binky.
“the weird part about that is he was drinking earl grey” ahahahhaha
It’s a shame that during the entire build process, the steering and pedals were not relocated to the correct side.
I'm enjoying this... A lot!
I’ll always say, you guys are one of the truest and most well put together automotive channel on YouTube, hands down.
They make a tool for those window crank handles.....
I could watch you guys work on anything. Nice polos you were wearing, are you going to release them in your store?
I'm guessing that this is some kind of distraction from the original 4x4 mini ...  I'm disappointed  👎👎👎
That wasn't half an hour just now!
Was that Binky I heard sobbing in the background?
He told me to get stuffed and put the kettle on... love it.
Excellent episode, however I believe gorilla weights (when quoted in pounds) should start with a 2. Any thing less is a chimpanzee. 😉
Next week?!?!? I must be dreaming.
I've been thinking about getting a C1 for next summer, do these kits come left hand drive?
The boys are back!
WOOOOHOOOOOO
the intro made me check if I'm watching BOM or Peter McKinnon's videos from the early days
.. Binky... soon?  Good news!
"Gorilla" @ 11.33.....LOL
keep up the great work guys
Guy how bout that mini is it already done
You lads are a shining beacon of goodness in what’s otherwise been an awful week for humankind. Cheers!
think it needs the minis power plant 63hp isn't very safe :)
I'm so happy you guys are back
I dunno. That door lock P-Clip looks wildly under-engineered. Are you sure it doesn't need a CAD designed custom bracket?
I miss Binkie.....
Is that a blue turd I see?
Awesome to see a new series guys. Looking forward to seeing some on track adventures.
68 hp of fury made me laugh pretty hard
Not sure if you guys are anywhere near the Driftworks guys but most of them are going for similar cheap fun fwd track builds. Could have a BOM vs Driftworks track battle
Begining to think the mini got covid an was put down or atleast by the time it ever comes back they will have put me down lol
....So pretty much like working for a car rental company but with a cage *cue fond memories of sliding 3T tray Isuzu's around round-a-bouts*
Next week!
Cool
Omg missed you both sooooooo much!!!
My 2001 Commodore station wagon is full of features too,......not faults...haha !! Cheers from Australia :)
long awaited video
Im really surprised you guys didnt go all ocd removing as much plastic weight as possible under the dash.
Binky
Hey, cool project USA needs one of these racing series.
Missed you guys. Glad you're back.  I hope you can finish Binky and Escargot too.  I can't wait to to see what colour they are.  My bet is gray for Nick.  Cheers Gents!
Retropower, UPbuild and bad obsession all in one weekend. Awesome
09:50 - I use the seat belt for that job.
Now if this was introduced into AUS it would be a sport worth getting into.
You did very well chosing the lightest model. The only thing that could of made it even more race ready is if was an ex rental car.
Much love from the US, you blokes are making me homesick for the UK
Poor Nick, I don’t know how he survived having to use pre made brackets
The window crank clip is easily defeated with a rag, pull it behind the crank and let it catch the ends of the clip, then pull it and the clip comes out with it
For a moment I thought I was watching a Mighty Jingles video
Next week? Next week... NEXT WEEK! WOOOOHHOOOOOO!  Just wish we could get anything like this Stateside. But if I am wishing and dreaming I wish it was a lot better Stateside too
27:44 dafuq is that rain light for? There's an OEM one right there
5 years later...XD
Those window winder clips are known in the trade as "Jesus" clips, as you remove them and they ping off and the call then comes "Jesus where'd that go"
24:16 I bet this wonky X is triggering someone's OCD
Anything that gets people into real motorsport at reasonable cost has got to be awesome, thanks guys!
EPIC!
I miss the funk....... ;(
850 is still to much for that blue turd, lol
Wish you could buy a basic car like that in Canada.
18:06 The happiest little mounting hole set you've ever seen
My goodness. . . having binky withdrawals, but I suppose you will be back soon with that project. . . hmm this one had not brackets. . shame. .
I just came to watch episode 29 of binky for the forth time and got this. What? Is it my birthday?
Where is BINKY?
Waiting for BOM content is  like waiting for the 02-15 Top Gear, ah the good gold days...
This is great! Thanks, guys!
Not a single bracket made? WTF.
What's the rationale behind requiring the dash be kept in?
Nice!!
Isn't it a requirement of the BBC and the MOT that at some point a British show that features some comedy that the "Yakkity Sax/Unofficial Benny Hill Theme" must be played?
It would be the balls if they put out videos more often
To get the clip out holding the window crank simply slide a rag between the handle and the panel until you catch the edge of the copper clip and give it a tug.  The clip will pop right out.
TBH this isn't a fair comparison of cost since they aren't including the tools and labour costs, nor fuel, tires, insurance, ect. I'm quite confident I could put together a good sim rig for cheaper. But no matter which is cheaper I still prefer being able to watch BOM videos ;)
@22:15 Overkill is a concept made up by the enemy.
oh for the love of christ, i have to wait a whole WEEK for the next bit!@?!??!?!?!?!?   I am angry sir. Very angry indeed.   (really though, i didnt realize how much i missed this(
Fascinating seeing a race car going from street-spec to track-dandy! Especially considering we're seeing it being done by two of the most genuine content-creators around. I bet these guys get non-stop offers that would be super lucrative but would change the production so much. Motortrend; stay away, don't come anywhere near this wonderful production with your over-monetized syndicate of shows you've ruined!  Respect to the guys for their consistency over the years, one of the only things I get really excited to see uploaded any more!
next week? which week? lol
0:47  If you listen closely you can here the fella's brew slosh in his cup with his extensive hand movements.   This is a Chinable offence
Part 2?
I'm loving this build guys! I can't wait to see more! :-)
I belly ache and moan about the music on other channels. End up thumbs down and clicking the do not recommend. This channel that is never the case. Oh nice vid btw. Stay well.
Nothing wrong with more B. O. M. content. Can't wait for more on this, Binky and the Escargot...
Yes 🤙
Nice.  Looks like fun!
you guys never disappoint always quality stuff!
Fancy getting me on your channel with my current build ?😎
holy crap Io got here as soon as I could, TIME TO GET THE FUNK OUT BABYYYYY!!!
What is the purpose of the rain light and when do you turn it on
What an exciting development!   As someone with a penchant for small french cars, this is extremely interesting territory.   More's the pity that the series spec probably precludes extracting any additional power from that feisty 3 cylinder, because I'd love to see what could be done on a shoestring budget to improve the output!  Good have you back lads, stay safe.
Okay, I will admit that this is pretty a pretty good idea to keep us entertained! However, when the actual f will Project f'ing Binky be ready to f'ing view as a complete f'ing car (hopefully painted!). Just asking.
a new episode in a week you guys are taking the piss!
it would of been better to set fire to it .
😎, more to the point than the projects, though, is you two are still hale and healthy - or at least as much as your rapidly advancing years allow you to be.  Yeah, gaming rigs can be freaking expensive - six figures for the high end stuff that 'budget' race teams use, with various feedback means to move the seat, and some of the bleeding edge F1 rigs are well into the millions. RaceCar Engineering actually did a feature on them a couple of months back.  Nicely assembled and made 'race' kit there - it should also allow the vehicle to be used in other motorsport events, too? With so many sub-one litre cars around, has there been a resurgence in that class of racing in the UK?
No redeeming features of any kind is the most redeeming feature of that car! Love it!!
bUt binKYyyyyYYYYy11111!!!!!1!!!1!!!1!  For real, glad you guys are having some fun.
Makes my Sunday 100x better seeing you guys!
what kind of mini is this? where are all the custom made brakets!?!?! the world has fallen into chaos...
get the fucking mini finished!
100% being snapped off at some point 🤣
I'm starting to think you guys aren't going to build a *single* bracket for this car. =-o Loving this series so far!
Neverskiptapbvbefore😢
Wish you guys would display a running tally of man/hours invested throughout the process...
I can't believe that cost 850.  I feel no one would pay more than $50 for that in the states.
Brilliant!
Awesome!!
missed you guys... you could do a video on how to knit seat covers and I'd be watching that.
So happy to see a new video!!
Great vids lads but where’s Binky???
I love how this channel keeps adding builds. More builds more fun!
G'day from West Australia, guy's, 😉 Recon a cheap armour plated race car would be fun at the moment, sooo Many sleeping driver's on our roads. You know the kind that finds another like mindless driver and they sit side by side @ as much as 30- 40 klms an hour under the speed limit posted clearly everywhere!!!  Rant finished glad to see you back in the saddle regardless of the current circumstances!!  Can't wait to see Binky, finalized, just coz well reengineering, brackets, and well that digital level noise🙂😀😁👍👍
Ready for part deux!
Is  "make the noise" reserved only for project Binky? I got excited when i saw the digital level and felt a little disappointed when it just beeped quietly without announcement.
23:18 Richard: *doesn't say "Make the noise!"* Me: *wonders if I'm even watching a Bad Obsession video*
What has happened to Binky?
great a new project, always best content you will missed braquetery on that project
Remember when a dash board was flat and oak?
Thank you I needed something normal from a couple crazy blokes
Well done guys I totally agree with you, I saw a guy who spend $20k on drag racing slot cars - could not believe it when you could build something to run 12-13's for half
Any time a see a BOM video is up the world stops for as long as it takes to watch it twice. THANK YOU!
Ahh new cars, made to be assembled, not serviced!
Easiest way I found to remove those pesky  window winder clips is to get a rag in behind the winder, use a bit of a sawing action, and it should pop straight off. You might need a couple of goes to find the right spot (soon the winder or rotate the rag around)
wait this car is basic AF but it comes with a rear wiper? is that a standard thing over there? here in the states you are more likely to get heated seats before a rear wiper
thats not binky
Kewl ride
I do hope there will be a need for Nick to use seven hours of his limited time to build a small bracket so he's right as rain once again.
Who else heard that intro music and wondered if The Mighty Jingles was involved? :)
No cups of tea ?
Perfectly good opportunity to build a nice bracket wasted!  😂love this Chanel!!! One week?! Woohoo!:)
The next episode is in a week?!? Richard i might have some trust issues. Are you just playing with us like you did back in 2014 when you said Binky would see some track time in the spring? 🤔
I can build a hell of a sim racing rig for £4000 and the running cost will be a fraction of running a real vehicle. If saving money was the aim, this is a fail.
I can hear the people and they are chanting "four more years, four more years!!!" Just not for that muppet Trump
Fun fact: these are the cheapest cares to insure in the UK for first time drivers.      (2009+ and 3 door to be exact)
Brilliant, but it needs a custom bracket.
From the very inception of this video, you guys come across as so butch, stern and determined, one could almost be fooled into thinking you're a couple of "real deal" dudes who'll produce the dog's bollocks of a racing motor. Unfortunately,  I've been with Binky since its inception, and I've seen the real you. Therefore, guys, let's knock the posturing on the head and let's get stuck into the real dog's dinner of cobbling-up some old banger, and, hopefully. making something that'll turn a wheel‼️
Where is the funk at?
This is superb what a great pair of guys, such quality entertainment, best channel on youtube bar none easy and no one cares how long videos take if they are to this standard keep em coming though lol well done guys
I think this new adventure will encourage others to partake in the City Car races, using these videos as a tutorial!  Really enjoyable video, it encouraged me to research this new class of racing to discover more.  Suffice to say we'll all be eagerly awaiting Episode 2.
Only a week till the next?  And a completed project?? 2020 is one hell of a screwy year!
What a piece of shit ! Why bother ? Just get the fucking mini finished you wasters !!!
Like the reverse of Project Binky, removing brackets.
This is a great idea to get people into racing. Good on them for trying to make it affordable, accessible and fun.
What happened to Binky?????????
What is holding up project Binky?
awesome, answered my qeustioned before i was able to ask it, looking forward to seeing the finish of project binky !
You mean to tell me Nik hasn't made an overly engineered, extremely complicated window crank removal tool? I'm kinda disappointed. Expected a trigger style handle that slides in and removes the clip, catches it and holds the handle. Is that too much to ask?
Brilliant thanks 👍🏻
The mini project is not scraped?
Awesome!!! Where’s Binky
57,680th
Old school trick. That window crank handle..... You slide a rag behind it. And give it a turn. The tab of the spring gets stuck in the rag. The rag rotating pull the whole lot backwards
what up to 9:33 and still no bracket,.....just what going on    l need a bracket !!!!!
Where the bloody hell is Binky, I'm at the point of sitting in a corner just like Nick
Another thing to never finish!
#obvs brilliant
OMG he said week.
Yay A new Video, and its again Awesome... ... ... Time to wait another 2 Months for the next Video... he...hehe... ... ... Bloody Fu**ing Mary-Sues Pixie Dust and for the Love of God, The Queen and Holy Sh*t.... Whaaaaaaaaa >_<
Could you imagine the quality if street bandito and bad obsession collabed?!
Well it's not like the old days where you can do what you want to a vehicle and they put you in a certain class to race now everything is so to the exact of what and how things are I guess more fair to every driver but I think it sucks myself I like the old days better although things are safer these days or so they say cheers guys
'Allo 'Allo! Great to see you guys not sitting on your thumbs, 'cos Project Binky, the Escargot AND running a business, and probably some family stuff, wouldn't be enough to keep you busy. As always it's been fun to watch you guys at it so thanks for the share.
I hope that this build ends before Man.United wins CL.
What about blinky
Wow guys I am so happy to see you back again I didn't give up hope though I wouldn't do that to one of the best build channels on YouTube. I thought maybe you guys had been institutionalized at The Nut House or something. I know things have been not the same out here in our old world but gladly and hopefully it will get back ontrac real soon. I really don't know how it's been in the UK but here it's up and down things start getting better and then all of a sudden you see things are getting worse again. Glad to see a new project although I am still holding on for project binky I am dying to see that sucker run. Guys thank you so much for sharing your knowledge and your video. Stay safe stay well and as always God bless.
We needed more brackets!!!!!!!!
Wow-what fun posh shit tin racing
Where the fark is Binky???? I want Binky FFS
I'll watch anything just to get my Bad Obsession fix. Thank you!
A good video guys keep them coming
Looking forward to this-My son (13) has been obsessed with C1 racing(and 1litre stage rally cars) for a couple of years now.Idon't think that I'm going to be able to let him watch this episode as he's probably going to bend my ear until he talks me into building one!
I think 999cc n/a engines are actually really under rated, I reckon they're a great starting point when it comes to track days because it teaches you the importance of momentum and carrying that around each corner, having power is great, but I think its actually more rewarding being able to get a good lap time in an underpowered car than getting a good lap time because you have the power to go quick in a straight line
Oooooh, Not Project Binky .... But we only have one week to wait. Raised my Bad Obsession mug to you boys!   It is going to be a great build 😃
Make the noise... 🤟🏻
That bolt in cage would never fly in US motor sports, hell even 24 hours of Lemons requires a full weld in cage to I think FIA standards
Who are the 28 cockswabs that gave this a thumbs down ????
Not the fastest build but we called this here in the phillipines "GAWANG PULIDO"
Fantastic as usual, ye's have us spoiled rotten.
The project binky? What happened to binky and the truck hauler
For a minute there I thought I was watching The Mighty Jingles, the intro music had had me confused. Neve mind, back to the salt mines!
0:46 I thought that plug was on the window for some reason
Week? Really? Did you mean 3-4 months?
Who are these 28 people not liking this visual artistry??? By word this show is better than any car show on Any streaming platform! Well done guys!!!!
Also, the best way to get those gold window winder clips off is to drag a rag behind the handle. It snags one of the pointy ends and flings them out a very satisfying manner.
Awesome video/series guys!  Couple of things - I think  you might run into trouble with the YouTube copyright because of that short bit of Benny Hill music - I know one of ThisOldTony's videos got taken down because of that (the cheap drill press rebuild) - Window winders are super easy to remove with the correct tool; a shop rag! Slip it under the "arm" of the winder and move it back and forth against the clip, the clip will pop out and the winder can be removed.
The first 10min remind me of MCM in modifying 2sexy :)
I was waiting for a Binky episode, then came this, oh well
new episode in a week, can we handle that? we have grown accustom to waiting for this type of excellent content
Have you called a halt to the mini?
There is a tool for the window winders.
Where is binky , missing Some binky .
Make the noise.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Where's binky??????
Chances are, there's 327k very happy campers today
WOOHOOO!
"Jesus clip"
At some point in my sad, mask wearing, covid avoiding, fat, old, depressed life: I WILL DIE, I WILL, IT`S INEVITABLE, and Binky will not be finished, WTF?
Good to see you guys fafing about with another build ..... hehehehehe
theyre fun to work on , done dozens of them so far , all they need are clutches and every now and then a timing chain...
Great to have you guys back! This looks like loads of fun.
Phone on bedside goes 'Blong' .... 5.30 am eyes see 'Bad Obsession' ... brain says "Binky". Mouth utters "whoop" sound ... sharp elbow arrives swiftly between 3rd and 4th rib. Brain registers 'not Binky' moment, confused with title pun .... get up, and watch it anyway.  Interesting concept lads,  well executed as normal, looking forward to episode 2, but where's Binky?
How is the engine rules in CCC? How much mods is allowed? Got seriously interested in this.
Never ceases to amaze why people remove the plastic door cards at 300 grams and fit an alloy or tin one at 350 grams. I run the plastic trims on my Peugeot with some clearance holes for the door bars. Lighter and quieter than tin.
Will the car stay road legal?
I have a confession. I looked at my Youtube feed and thought this video was from the Car Throttle guys and skipped it. Please forgive me.  Another great video/project guys, keep them coming!
Next WEEK?! NEXT WEEK??!!
Santa came early this year! A bit concerned there won't be ant Safe-T Turbos installed this time.
yes another BOM video.  I suare that BOM makes a 30min video look like a 5min one. time flies watching this.
22:00 I'm suprised you didnt flock yourselves
Can any old sod buy one of these kits, or does one need a racing licence?
Never clicked anything this fast in my life
"There is no reason for banging tunes in a racecar" .. my 1981 mini clubman that went 11.9 with 12" of subwoofer in the boot beggs to differ.
I've always heard that driving a slow car fast is much better than the other way around
Absolutely brilliant, would love a full cost break down at the end. Racing in a real car on a real track with real competition kicks the crap out of any sim, no matter how good it is. I remember something similar to this using the Datsun 120y as a base in the 90's where I grew up. Same deal with the standardized roll cage and mods. The 120y was everywhere (mostly taxis) and could be had for peanuts as most taxi companies had replaced them with Mazda 323s by then. It was a great way to get into motorsport and even ended up with rally circuits added to the roster before our economy went down the crapper and all things fun died.
My merch arrived today so I'm watching this while wearing my new onesie and drinking out of my new mug.
I'm so confused, I fear this won't take a decade and be overly complicated. But I like it.
Do you guys think the new successors to the old Citroen C1, Peugeot 107, Toyota Aygo, such as the new Peugeot 108 will ever take off with the racing community such as these older ones?
I'm so glad you said week and not soon. I was getting withdrawal symptoms 👍😎👍
Man i want to make one of these for the road 😂 and i drive a polo gti. This looks like its going to be a little ripper
A new project,,,,,,,, what happened to finishing the mini,,,, 😪😪
Better fired your "body guy"...doesn't look anything like a Mini, anymore...Hehehe. Seriously, I hope you remembered where all those interior parts went. The wife is going to be pretty pissed, when she gets ready to go to work, Monday morning...if you didn't.
So happy to see you guys posting videos.  Can't wait to see what you are up to with Binky and Escargot!
I love Citroen / Peugeot, I wish we had them in the US!
Great stuff but.......... What about Binky.??
Yay!!!!!!!! Absolutely happy that you’ve come up with this. Been too long
Here in Sweden, there are a grass root motor sport called Folk Race. Its open for people from 15 years old upwards. The thing they have done to keep the cars from running away in cost is quite genius: after the final is done and a winner is made, every car is for sale - at a fixed price of 8000 Swedish Kronas. Thats something like 650-660 Brittish pounds. A driver cannot refuse to sell the car, and any driver has the right to get in que at the buyers table.  The form is ridicously fun to drive, and has been held at the very bottom layer of costs at least since I was a kid in the 80's.
this does very much remind me of what we in sweden call folkracing... The basic idea is the same, but the make and model of the care is a bit less regulated and it is run on a dirt track... With a fairly lenient eye towards on track contact. =P Also all cars can be bought of their current owners for a fixed max sum. So no point in doing anything fancy. =P
How did you manage to rip the whole interior out without finding any loose sticky coins
Just as with Binky...can’t wait for the next episode!
For the silly little clips on the window winders, use a rag. Pull the rag between the winder and the door card and it’ll “grab” the clip pulling it out. 👍🏻👍🏻👌🏻
Window winder handle removal: use a shop towel and slide it behind the handle on the open side of the clip and pull from both sides. It'll pop the clip off way easier than using a pick.
NORMAL shows?? did i miss something?? (i've waited a year for an episode... mumble, mumble)
Should of made it a feature length and make people rent it for 5$ I would of rented for sure👍
Hahahahaha ha.     Haha  haha  Love u two doooods
Oh my god. I am 52 years old, and the men in my family are not long lived. Given the side tracked Escargot and now this, am I going to ever see the Mini at least go around the parking lot under its own power? But seriously, thanks for another great video, will there be another Mini video soon (he asks with bated breath)?
I actually thought i had loaded up a Jingles video for a second....
@ 21:05, watching beside me my wife went "Click". I am a very lucky man.
I had a 107 as a first car so this build and race series is something I am definitely interested in getting into! Glad you both think so too!
I'm confused... where is Jingles, and why is that not a tank?
Jingles?!?  It's me from the salt mines... thought I heard you!!!
This is like a dose of heroin🙃🙃 Big thanks to the two of you for trooping on through this world wide bullshit!!  Just to be clear I don't take heroin I just presume it's this good!!!
But where are the brackets???
That half hour went by too fast. No sooner had I started watching the episode, it was over
Mingles with Jingles intro... Woha?
Man, this car is an engineering masterpiece. Everything is exactly as cheap as it can be made. That one piece map pocket with compliant plastic hinge is genius in its simplicity.
I see the first owner did not go for the rev counter... I drove a diesel powered twingo once that also lacked this luxury. It was a fun car though, that diesel engine made that car rather quick.
It’s no Binky, but it’ll do! Keep up the good work gents
woo and indeed hoo
Does the cup also allow VW up and Skoda Citigo?
18:33 SHIT I’M BLIND NOW, YOU HAPPY?
I've been on YouTube since YouTube started and you guys are hands down my favourite and best YouTube channe of all timel. Thank you so much.
No sandwich plates for the roll cage mount points?  That's asking a lot from the factory sheet metal.
I looked away when the video started an I thought I accidentally clicked off onto a Mighty Jingles Video
Enjoying this immensely, but hoping that Binky isn’t behind the shed under a tarp while the Citroen is getting all the love...
Replace lightweight plastic door cards with heavier steel door card. Because racecar?
The bracket boys are back
2020 at it again, giving us a citroen 🤦🏻‍♂️
Another bad obsession build!  Christmas has come early
The French Flocker
Your commentary is so much of the channel, Binky couldn't have got so much traction for the longest build ever on YT without your endless dry humour. Cleetus McFarland brought 20 ex Police cars and raced them on his short oval track and got some of the most fun racing that you could imagine, watch it on YT if you haven't already.
Oh dear... Gaz coilovers. Let's hope the strut shaft doesn't just snap in half, as my set did... twice... in 2 years.
what the flock :-)
RIP Colin Mcrae 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
b/c they do not want to tell me im right about the color of  British racing green
Oh boy, that will be fun!
Job’s a good un!
Not even close to the same kind of content, but yall and mighty jingles world of tanks videos use the same music for your intro. Just fyi
You don't *need* all that to be competitive in sim racing. But this is cool too.
19:06 "...and even our 187 lbs. gorilla, can't get it to line up." Instant like for the AvE reference!
Would you consider a £250,000 supercar with a flocked dash from factory has cheap or cool? instead of leather or plastic
Here goes another 25 years of my life
flocking brilliant!
The Flocking eejits are back! Happy days.
Next week?  BOM on a weekly basis??....tilt.......
Next WEEK?!?! Oh hell yes. This should do nicely to tide my Binky fix over.
I've literally been hovering over my notifications for the last 2 months waiting for another BOM vid (by far the most addictive drug on YT) and not only is it not a Binky vid, but there isn't a single bracket made by you guys!!........... Ok all is forgiven now. Just glad you're back. Looks like it could be a fun little project! Stay safe!
Haha.... when I saw the title of the vid my initial comment was going to be.... "oh god here we go again...another 7 years of monthly anticipation"
Love it! Can't wait for the next one.
Can you run plexi instead of glass? Also a double din running an obd port would be Cool.
the thought of us getting 2 videos in a month instead of 2 videos in 6 to 8 months has me a little bit giddy . also I'm very jealous of the fact you have a series like this in England we are so starved for rally in the states it's sad . we have to depend on you tube videos to get a rally fix. knowing how picky nick is I can understand it taking a year for paint on binky.  I can't wait for the reveal of the freshly painted body
This is exactly what i needed in my life!!!
Realllllyyy don't think you need that kinda crap to do racing sims. Anyone that insists you need 3 monitors and a personal pit crew is a gatekeeping asshat. That said, I don't mind that it ended in a new video series ;P
Ok new car... Ok ok jom... Mantap
Window  winder clip can be easily  removed by draging a rag  under the handle,  grabbing onto one of the points. Of course you still need to catch the clip.
You guys need to stop to funny I keep spitting my tea out and I do love a cuppa keep up the good work
About time you pair of biscuit dunking slackers. Keep up the good work.
YAY 😊  That is all. Also, this car makes my Fiat Cinquecento seem well built.
Thankyou, thankyou, thankyou, thankyou!
That rabbit’s got a mean streak a mile wide!
Best thing ever 👍
Similar to this concept of cheap racing introduction that we have in portugal (www.trofeuc1.com) a very interesting way enjoying driving in a real competitive experience.
Okay, I saw the last news about other projects I.e. not binky! I have no interest in a french snail.  I was dubious about the new project,  but seeing this vid! I apologise for my lack of faith I may need to go birch myself, as you've produced wonderful content again and I can't wait for part 2!
Love you guys
Yay! The Boys Are Back!!!
that P clip was insparational
So you weld in the mounts with captive nuts to bolt the cage to, instead of just welding the cage in....
Was really hoping for an ek civic when I saw this
850£ for that? Must have been in exceptional shape or did I miss something?
Excellent,,,  We did something similar years ago. The XR challenge (Ford escort mk 3). Cheap racing, however it was not cheat proof.  Yours looks and sounds just brilliant.
And in Trump's  six term it was finished!
can't wait for the new video's really miss you guy's keep up the good work
I work on a garage where our costumer replacement vehicle is a C1 😂 I'm having some 2nd thoughts on showing this vid to my boss 😁 love what you guys do! Keep it up
Watching this with interest as I build my mini track car
I was hoping you were going to do something irresponsible but memorable with the discarded airbags 🤣
Next week? [Press X for doubt]
I was disappointed  when I saw that it wasn't Binky... But actually loved it ... Looking forward to the next one .
They're back, it's a great day
27:32 zip ties? ahem. cable ties please we're British
Is this will take 7 years to bring close to an end, too?
We all seem to be watching the same guys doing mad shit.  Where is BINKI?????
384f I thought the engine was
Glad to see you guys again! Most of us came to this channel for binky, but we all stayed for your hummor and amazing worksmanship!
I’m not complaining but I am going through Binky withdrawals.
Please, please, please, please, please do a video of y'all setting the air bags off.
Perfect way to end my evening. Had a nice meal with the Missus, Drank a few Krombacher Landbier (A rather nice German beer, good kit trust me) The Cherry on top, BOM humour, 2 blokes in a shed, tools and mugs of tea. Who needs "Youporn"!
Brilliant
Was that seat belt bolt cross threaded/lock tighter or just installed by a gorilla. Noticed you had a quick look at it in WTF kind of way....
Thought I'd pressed a Jingles video then 🤣. Loving the new intro
That's entertainment!
One of the most underrated channels on all of YouTube
All pre-made and no CAD makes Nik a dull boy.
I nearly fainted when I heard "Join us next week." Looking forward to more
It’s all gone a bit french, A 08 Agila tacho is a cheap mod rather than a £70-90 C1/Aygo/107 used part
Subtle dig as you screw it in using a snap-on screw driver 25:32
Premade brackets! Nick is slowly dying inside.
Excellent stuff chaps, mucho apreciado.    :)
Always thought those little box on wheels had potential, very nimbal and fun to drive
WHERES BINKY
Question is: Does Sebastian Loeb approve?
Man, I wish we had something like this
how much of that 850 quid did you get back for putting the interior up on gumtree/craigslist/ebay/etc.?
The same great viewing (and hard work) just with (much) less braketry. Looks fun I'm here for the end (as i know there will be one with this lol) Thanks Boys
You guys are all right.
Lads, no Bad Shipments? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0AjxVyfguA
Welcome back
HAHAHAHA  You said WEEK!
Best channel of YouTube. And the funniest cars I’ve seen in competition. I’ve used to be medical car in 6h of c1 racing. Out of 30 cars only 2 broke.
What is this??? No brackets!!
Sweet jesus..He said next week!
That trim clip removal tool is on the same level as Nick's bracket fetish.  I need one!
Yep there was a rally guy that often came to our dyno to test these after being built. Seemed an easy build...wish I could remember his sodding name 🙈 I was the one that had to confirm the power output and stuff a seal on one of the head bolts ☺️
When I win the lottery I'm gonna buy BINKY from you, My first car was a mini, later on I had an ST185 Carlos Sainz edition, then an ST205 JDM , Thats why I love the BINKY build so much
Hit the like button, before watching 🙂
Everything is better with "Yakketty Sax."
I'm interested to see how you going to remove the door card, now the window winder clip is behind the sheet metal.
Earl Grey?!?!?!  Rich, I hope there was an intervention launched immediately for Nik.  That is some of the nastiest tea ever concocted.  And double up on the chocolate hobnobs to kill the aftertaste left in your mouth.
Nice work chaps! That kit looks ace, perfect for introducing people to entry-level motorsport. And you guys explaining the installation will surely help people avoid the pitfalls (cage springing together and moving the feet being a prime example). I’ve done this kinda work plenty of times but am enjoying watching you guys, you make it look absolutely effortless!
With the Peter McKinnon intro.  lol
You utter B****rds, I NEED MORE BINKY, :-(
That was great. I'm looking forward to the next one.
I don’t know if I’ll be able to wait until next week now. Your channel was recommended by Gary at Autoshine Cars and now I am hooked. Can’t wait to see it done.
Hope your crew is safe and productive as ever. I know you're winding up for a grand finale on Binky. Cannot wait.
Fantastic.
Enjoyed that , takes me back to my MK2 golf racing days ... Great job lads 👍
That intro had me thinking I was watching a Mighty Jingles vid.
13:39  What?! We can't make our own Brackets?!  What is this?  Anyway??
Scusate ma la Mini che fine ha fatto 🤔
27:46 thats the biggest joke in the whole video? How much did you pay a proffesional comedian to come up with that one?!
Damn I need that fix......
Great to see you two young whipper snappers again, I have been missing your variety of humour ! Great video as always.
I drove 400  very odd miles return today with the entire possessions of a student of the female kind, the third year into a MA what I understand is better than a BA(only I know how much its costing and that gives me sleepless nights) but what do I know I was asked to leave school as soon as they gave me my results in 1985.  Opus 1 travels with slightly less than a regiment in the British army setting out to deliver freedom like it or not. so for the job I have one of the superb estates that have separate time zones from front to rear, so here I am in shock skint and tired now I am getting a little older and now have one less woman to deal with on a daily basis but I am sure I might be dreaming but did I hear NEXT WEEK or is my three brain cells taking the piss out of me again.  yours skint banker for student.
Superb - really enjoyed that!
It must be something really wrong with me. You could probably put out a video with you two having a cup of tea and I would definitely watch it. That's not normal by any standards but it works for me. Glad to see you again. Break a leg or something. Cheers. 🍻😁
man... its weird , i said to my self today that i haven't seen anything from you guys in a while. and boom here ya are
14:10 When I was younger I liked watching Benny Hill on TV, great guy and great English humor ... You guys are amazing too ... :)
and now my garage is filled with car interior parts
whoopsie daisy, looks like the intro is also used by the mighty jingles, for many years, and thus made my subconscious want. a videogame video instead. Its like farting and smelling biscuits.
9:40 Ahh Luxury!  Is that a heated roof?!
As always, great content.
Brilliant
My kia soul is flocked!
Glad to see you back.
Would it be cheating if you started building you car, I don't know...three weeks before the race?
Adding lightness, grinder action, captive nuts welding, make the noise (tho silent version) – what more can I ask for?!  Not regretting hitting the like botton before starting to watch. BOM never fails to amaze…   Cheers from Germany lads – you were missed! Just hoping Nick´s not losing his shit over all them premade brackets…
What is this "week" you speak of?
So, does the interior strip take more or less time than it takes to change the front bulb? :P
Flocking brilliant.
I put this on and then looked away, and for a minute, I thought I'd accidentally opened up a Mighty Jingles World of Tanks video.  That's a crossover I never expected.
It's them two again BRILL 😎
I thought they would of stripped the seam sealer from the interior...?
This is my new favorite series on youtube. Love the content guys 👌🏻
Um, binky?
BRSCC were always more expensive than any other club when it came to entry fees. 750 Club, or BARC have a wide range of classes and championships that you could probably run in.
Would discussing the race results here be considered 'spoilers'?
3 days ago I woke up thinking it was time for BOM! I was not far off. Thank you for the fix!
Love the new series lads!
More top content
To remove window winder push a cloth down between the handle and panel , pull either side an hey presto clip comes off, use it on mini etc
nice:)
I was an MS Flight Sim Junkie until I did the math and figured out it was cheaper to go out and get my private pilot's license and do the real thing.. So I agree with BOM on that part. Kudos on building a new rally racing car for the City Racing Cup. However, I miss Nick's bracket  solution to everything on this build :)
Thanks guys,  this could be best thing to come out of this year
About time you guys finally got round to another nice juicy strip video
Love this, great cars! Thanks for the new content 😁
3 unfinished projects?? You fellas know your audience
Next Week?  HA, I'll believe it when I see it lol.  Hopefully you guys get to make a bracket soon, we're all in need of some funk.
Where is binky
LOVE IT!!!
I once had a Daihatsu Charade GTti... Bit of extra boost, more intercooler, exhaust and it kept up with a Porsche Boxter. Small cars are awesome!
After you've done city car cup - will you take it further? potential is much bigger than their regulation.
How much lighter does the car get without all the crap?
Yah. Next week. I'll believe that when I see it.  :)
If you guys want a quick&easy way of removing those window cranks, use a rag or some sort of cloth. Just stuff it behind the crank and pull the rag. Clip should get stuck in to the rag and vola!
Darn... I should not have sold my Fiat Panda 1.1
Gran Turismo... Pretty much my teenage years... And 20's...
Excellent stuff. Without a doubt the best YouTube channel.
I went looking last night if I missed a video, BOOOM!
You managed to make the few simple jobs entertaining 👏
next week....????? am i dreaming...
'kin awesome guys... you have pulled a blinder here. Fantastic vid. cant wait for ep2. off to trawl ebay for a C1....
I was really looking forward to this and I thought I would be disappointed... How wrong could I have been. (Glad the digital level is back, where is Ralph) Yet again another amazing job by you guys... Well done, looking forward to next week's episode
*WHERE'S BINKY!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?*
This channel has got even better. Fantastic project which should only take a few weeks to complete.  are we due an update on the mini soon?
3k + a £1k car = race car  Wallet looks at me and says "don't get any stupid ideas" stupid
That cable tie gun looks ace. Where can I get one from?
Good work gentleman. Really liked the run down on the series and things to do. Super excited for next week. I am sure you are going to, but a total cost at the end including consumables from the first couple races can help convince people that going real racing can be in the budget would be awesome. I think start up cost of sim racing is crazy, but you don't have to buy fuel or change oil, brake pads, fluids, tires, safety suits, etc...   Still rocking though thanks for the motivation
A future classic thoroughly defiled. One day immaculate examples of this car will sit alongside the very best products from Zanussi, Hotpoint and Beko in museums around the world.
I actually like this build even if it's not my type of car at all. Nice to see you chaps again :-)
Got about 15 minutes to eat lunch.  *Seee a new BOM build video*  Got about 30 minutes to eat lunch.
This is so cool and I reckon there might now be a surge in demand for C1s on UK Autotrader
Cars
I love the Yakety sax music. the french dubber of Benny Hill passed away last week. Great memories from childhood.
Best thing to watch with a cup of tea for ages. Love the project. Makes me want to strip out my car.....which is silly as I drive a 20 y/o vauxhall agila :P
"Wait a minute, BOM..... Are you telling me you built a time machine... Out of a youtube video?" There is NO WAY that video was 28:29 long. That was over in 10 minutes, don't lie!
it's so good to see you back. :)
Very nice of you guys to start a new series for my birthday. Much appreciated!
I'm not sure if i can wait 10 years to find out how lol
Bloody brilliant.  I now want one.  :D
Fellas, if you two made a 37 minute video on the assembly of a barbecue grill.... we’d ALL watch it with gusto! Build what you want WHEN you want... we will be here to watch it!  And my favorite part of the video.... “See you next WEEK.” Week?... a word that has never been uttered by either one of you! Thank you for the GREAT content.
23:20 "Make the noise"
Another fantastic, fun & funny episode guys. I love all of your projects & been following for quite a while now and look forward to every episode you bring out... Definitely in my top 5 YouTube channels!  Keep up the great work lads 👍🏻😃😃👌🏻
God I hope it is just a week.
How does the initial cost of this compare to EnduraKa?
Finally some content from you guy's it's been a boring time without my bad obsession fix, try not to keep us waiting next time. Keep up the awesome work and glad you're still with us.
quick tip for those bloody clips holding on the winder, use a rag and slide it behind the winder and pull left and right and pop off straight away
god that was a long wait
Were those Takata air bags? I know Toyota has an affinity for those things.
MORE BINKY
Can never watch enough of these two guys...it's car porn at its finest.!!!
No bonky? Okay :(
It's not Binky, it's not the Escargot but it's always BOM so, it is Glorious
Was loving the thought of this series when I saw the Citroen on twitter some time ago
Did you say 'Next Week'. I'll believe it when I see it. Binky it ain't, but BOM it most definitely is,  jokes and all. Thumbs up lads.👍
I see Nick managed to quietly find an excuse to appease his Bracket Syndrome and make that bracket for the door latch. So this is a PeuToCit then ....
I love your job !!!
Great Vid Well done. Where's Binky? Please please please I need a Fix Man!
Your uploads are the best thing on you tube keep the fantastic work up boys
This video is so confusing. I thought it is another series by MCM, but it's BOM's intro. Pure happiness. Then I get confused why The mighty jingles WoT intro is playing. This was a real rollercoaster of emotions these past 25 seconds.
Next Week yea right pull the other one. :)
For the love of the flying spaghetti monster! Paint Binky!
Yes yes yes 2020 has *almost* been fixed👍🔥.  Another build for me to follow,keep up the good work.
Weekly installments of BOM, are the laws of universe going mad.
OK guys, but what about the vehicle we all come here for................... L' escargot
Whoa! Earl Grey!!!!
You mite be able to set up a real race car for less, but when you crash in the sim it’s a lot cheaper then the real one! And did a mention hurts a lot less. 😇 Tho not as much fun!
everybody sells the tool to remove those window winders it's like $5.00
Faaaaaantastic! Congratulations!!
Hellahappy to see an upload! This looks like a lot of fun.
Double gang socket is a must in a racing car
The CityCar Cup needs more cars. This is fantastic news! Definitely watching this.
The only problem with my side of the US is that my state hates the car. And as such its $300 per day to run at laguna (locally)
This is... without a doubt... THE BEST channel on YouTube!!!
Thank you, jolly good but outrageous! You don't have time to indulge yourselves with this! We are waiting for more on Binky and Escargot! How dare you go of at a tangent like this. Hey but seriously, thank you. Do you guys ever rest?
wow , that p-clip was awesome !!
Click play, turn round to get drink, tune plays and I think I didn't click on the MightyJingles. Oh I didn't. Keep it going, my 2 fav tube of youers now use same Tune
Is this the love child of binky and escargot
Oh goodness, Marty and Moog have peer pressured you into a nuggety Yaris!
This makes me happy
Good to see a cheap motorsport May more enjoy track racing due to this
https://citycarcup.co.uk/race-ready-cars/ <-- 7k for a race ready car seems like a bargain!
Awesome!!
Love the pro tip of popping the steering wheel nut back on to stop you ending up flying out the back.
Thank you for the BOM fix........it's a drug I'm sure
Fekin assom
Hey, didn’t you guys used to work on minis or some junk? Buses? Can’t remember. Carry on.
The Citroen is roughly the same size as Binky. Do you guys think you’d ever build a car for adults to fit in?
i would love to buy a bracket t-shirt
So happy to see you guys back!
Okay who makes that christmas tree popper? I need at least 3 of those in my life.
Flock off 😦 Next week 😲 7 days and counting 😁👌🏼
Can someone please tell me what happened to Binky and the truck
Gonna be honest, i was not expecting the music i only know from the mighty Jignles Intro
You didn't say "make the noise", my day is ruined
WHat>?
Remixed skid factory theme music?
It is cute but come on guys I NEED ESCARGO!!!!!!
If only you had a old cargo van kitted out to haul cars and gear to the track.....😎
When you said "not real racing", the entirety of F1-fan-girl-base's Twitter passed out
ALWAYS got time for BOM!
is it next week yet? This is going to be awesome!!
Ok, so this series will probably be good. But where's Binky? Have you boys send it of to a top secret royal navy paint shop in the Antarctic  so that Nick can get it painted proper battleship grey or what?
Can we just take a moment to appreciate the fact this is produced by a couple of blokes in their shed! Big budget tv stuff doesn’t come close.
I'd love a collaboration between you guys and Garage 54 😂
Have you got to change the rear heated window relay to stop the rain light timing out ?
Come home. Open YouTube. See a BOM video. Could be worse!!
It isn’t Binky, but it should be just enough to stave off the withdrawals!
I flocking love this channel
Nik drinking Earl Grey! next it'll be coffee. You don't want that to happen not after last time.
You must be needing help by now... No special adaptations. Automotive porn
They didn't say "MAKE THE NOOOOOIIIISE" can someone say make the noise for me please.
Excellent work but... It's still a miserable shitbox!🤦
WHAT THE INTERNET NEEDED
Well the car was 850, but the kit is an additional 3 grand. There are also some membership and entry fees plus the running costs. For motorsports this is fairly cheap, but you can do a lot of sim racing for half the money.
awesome
They have expensive pliers for those clips.
Well... New Sun visors for Binky there lol
Great to see you back chaps
Nice i like it. I drive a Toyota Aygo, it's the same car
How can people not like this 🤷‍♂️
Anyone else hear the intro music and think they had somehow clicked on a Mighty Jingles World of Tanks video, or is it just me?
Whoa whoa whoa, hold on, next WEEK? I'll overdose on BOM content and then suffer horrendous withdrawals while waiting for the next episode of Project Bracket I mean Binky.
It needs a bracket.
This is marvelous!
Going to be a great series, but I miss Binky!
Flipping brilliant. Simple as that
So does this mean I can turn my Yaris into a performance vehicle also?
For the trim clips, wrap a rag around the handle and pull it back and forth. It will grab the clip and release it. No tools needed!
To remove the window winder clip, use a rag folded over a couple of times, hold each end tight and slide it under the handle in the direction the clip needs to go and it'll ping right off.
Woow a cheap race car that works lol...   Sounds like a bloody good time to me.  Well done guys
This isn''t "Howdy folks and welcome back to the World of Tanks with the Mighty Jingles!" ... wait what Hope they don't start messing up the names of the vehicles
Erm...uhhh...hmmm...what the actual flange? I love you and all your works, but a solitary slightly adjusted p-clip does not a custom bracket make. A C1, while a mighty beast in its own way, is no binky and def no Escargot. At least we got a small piece of you to be going on with. I was dealing ok with the Covid thing, but you just made it real...
Binky got me here, but I'll watch anything you do!
You should put a saxo vts engine in it
That did not disappoint
The intro music is the same as Mighty Jingles World of Tanks content. This'll be interesting then. Oh how I missed BOM content.
That's all nice and dandy, but in my simulator I can change the vehicle from a road car into a Formula 1 car into a rally car into a racing truck into a NASCAR car into a Peel P50 or a lawnmower in the blink of an eye, touch of a few buttons and the swap of a steering wheel. Also do not forget the easy reset button for when you total your car, which doesn't cost you a bloody thing.  So take into account EVERYTHING when comparing running costs of motorsports versus simulated motorsports.  Still a nice effort but a failure to be in theory. I'll be eager to see if you can beat theory though.
Watch the price of Citroen C1's go up now!
Like jafromobile with the rivetnut
When do you fit the Lambo badge ?.
"features, not faults". Yes, i've heard the Tesla owners' community is very big on panel gap measuring. It's kinda like dick measuring contests, but with more richards per measured gap.
If you use a shop rag on the window handle clip by seesawing the rag on the opposite side that the clip goes in it will pop that clip off quick.
I look forward to the episode where the safety turbo is installed.
Four years later they're still making things for it and its not been driven yet
Please tell me that the dash didn't go back in with all the sound deadening excess weight.  With just eighty something horses, you need to add as much lightness as you can!
23:19 He didn't say "Make the nooooiiiise!!!" 😭 But i'm really excited for this! 😁
WEEK??? YEYEAH
Ahh brilliant , pity I’ve started drinking , will be watching this tomorrow afternoon  on my big tv , can’t wait , cheers guys 👍
As y'all were puling the headliner out I said "F#$% that is bottom bin installation right there" and with out missing a beat Nick said the same thing lol. Second, what F@#$ery is with the cluster having hidden fuse on it, as a Tech that would REALLY piss me off lol.  Another great showing y'all, can't wait for next week and glad y'all haven't gone mad with all this "Lock Down" S$%t.
Things haven't moved on, it's just that the gaming industry has been invaded by ticks. None of those items cost to produce as much as they ask for. Since if they did, the real counterparts would and should cost thrice the sums peddled by the blood suckers. TLDR, you don't need to pay $$$$$ to play a game, and you can do just fine using actual car parts. Some of the best airplane sims i've seen use garbage from the airplane lots, total sums invested orders of magnitude under what the insects ask for.
Smile enducing wonderment. Thank you sirs!
Part 1......of 689.  Keep em' coming!
I genuinely thought when they announced lockdown that we would see binky get finished!!! I Sat waiting patiently! Waited some more! Waited again and again.............  Atleast your back now 😂
No hidden ending? Ahhhhhh! Lovely to see you guys back in my face.
All times 👍 Nice work!!
i thought this was going to be shite - it is not
You should just have bought a binky kit from the same company and you might have saved a bit of time on binkys build
Awesome content as always guys 👍
i'm only at 18:43 but had to pause it to say this is brilliant!
9:58 you DO know that they make a tool that makes removing the window crank handle an absolute breeze; ive got one and its an essential part of my interior trim tool set!
Hmm .. For some unfathomable reason I thought you would build a car for Bracket racing ...  😃
Glad you guys are back!
Muted 24 Le Mans to watch this!!
Being in that tiny part of the Venn diagram that is both a Bad Obsession fan and one of Jingles' avid World Of Tanks salt miners, I found it most shocking you chose the same intro music as he has on his replay videos. But also strangely comforting.
What happened with the MG SVR Xpower?
because racecar.
So glad you chaps are back, that I instantly pressed "replay" when the episode was over. 😊
Great to see you back again guys on the You that is Tube. 😎👍
Your new intro is nice but miss the quirky old intro
This is all very well, but enquiring minds want to know how much loose change you recovered from the interior when stripping it.   That has to come off the £850, you know.
Why not just remove the entire dash & heater, etc?
Epic.........But ..............wheres the F&&King Mini ?????
A dangerous precedent could be in the offing here as you establish a reputation as completers. I have some concerns as to how you will transport this vehicle to competition days so I hope you'll accept my advice as I recommend a 1980s Ford Cargo as a potential option. Some chaps on here started to convert an old library one and had some innovative ideas with DAF mechanicals, I don't know what became of them though, last seen in a shed.
Where is Binky? What have you done with Binky? Bring back Binky, NOW!
Honestly I wish the C1 cup would just do the same and open up to all 3 of them, just makes sense to get more people in, but hey with this one its problem solved
Bloody hell boys you went for a cup of tea and I thought you'd got lost
The worst part of eRacing is when your friends ask you to watch them "race".
Good to see you and hope all is well
I am making a cuppa
What a pair of Flockers...
I joygasmed when I saw this 😀
Love the one off fabrication and attention to detail we see in project Binky. The Escargot is a really interesting "If only I could afford it" type of build, But THIS project seems to be a much more attainable project for the average channel subscriber. I'm waiting with bated breath* for the next instalment.  (* "Bated breath" does mean your mouth smells like fishing maggots doesn't it? :D )
Was Binky actually ever finished?!
Next week? Fell off my chair I did!
Talking about price, if you want to be thrown around in your setup like you are in a car then it's £20k plus?
that was a really fast 28 minutes lol , cant wait for next week
So love the channel! Is the ECU flash meant to increase performance aswell as create parity??
If you listen carefully you can hear "Binky" weeping in the corner. Great to have you back guys,,
YES YOU ARE BACK
I normally don't need a light to know when it might be raining, that's what windscreens are for! so can some one explain for this not automotive race groupie why?
The world is right again. Thanks
No Binky, Flashy Graphics, WEEKLY episodes and Using premade brackets?!?!?  Who Are you and what have you done with the real Bad Obsession Motorsport!?!?!?!
Welcome back, boys .... at last!
5:26 you telling me that you finish this build in 2 weeks? British humor at its finest 😂
Enjoyed the video - loved the music! :-)
No no no no no. Where  is Binki? - [cries].
Amazing, a new series! I had wondered what I was going to watch through my 50's!
Get the rock out
Next week? It has taken me a while, but I've finally figured out English sarcasm.
Man, I wish I knew some local tracks that didn't charge as much as my car is worth
30min is not enough!
Remove the window handle clip with a rag. 👍
Please excuse my ignorance but what is the point of a rain light? Why not just require tail lights be on? Won't that light create massive glare on the rear glass?
Project C1nky
A Bad Obsession vid  !  Binky  !   Oh  :(
Whats happened to the Escargot?
I feel all you have done here is inflate the second hand price of these cars as damn i wanna do this series.
Seen as though it’s a PSA car how many of these parts you removed are being incorporated into Binky 😂😂😂😂 Rich sure was gentle with the interior light 😂😂😂
What? Were was the finaly of the Mini? Done? I cant imagine that there had to be some kinda paint on the car!?
binky! BINKY! BINKY!!! 😭😭😭😭
Woot.. another video... If you guys were more prolific video creators you would have a million or more subs by now )) Hire some help.. we need to see your content more often.
Not watched the video yet, but yes... just yes
this is going to be awesome! great work!
WOT???? no out-takes????????????
Keeping the nut partway on the steering wheel, eh? I wish I had thought about that; would have prevented a broken nose...
Starring Nik's Cage!
Production quality right up there with your other series', and I'm reassured that once Binky is finished, should I still be alive, that we'll continue to get top quality videos from the best build channel on YT. Thank you legends.
i'm amazed to se that there is no rust in the floor of your car.. here they ALL have something that ned to be fixed when it comes to rust.
Expected that a Mighty Jingles video about World of Tanks started when heard the music..  Was disappointed and excited at the same time when found out what it actually is. Also.. An interesting choice of car
But WOT'S ITS NAME? "Flocky" seems appropriate.
WWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWW NEW BOM VIDEO!  HOW ARE YOU GUYS?
23:35  Excellent tip.  Cheers  !
watch out if he starts drinking iced lemon tea.. i'd use the dried frog pills if you see the "behaviour"
Poverty spec, the key to any fledgling racecar!
I love this. Ive got a 2011 aygo but it has aircon at least so it's not 100% pov-spec
Cue Benny Hill track, splendid.
Great idea, amazing everything fit that well, thanks for sharing looking forward to next week.  Charles
Im not even going to watch this, wheres Binky!
It's a BOM racecar, and that's still worth watching even though it isn't the truck or Binky. Crack on, lads.
Backseat Binky 🚘
Another flocking brilliant episode! Hope Nick recovers suitably from the bracket making withdrawal!
Well... You BOM boys have clearly been busy behind the scenes.
I cant watch this now, I have to save it. Mmmm Bad obsession motorsport. Need input........
Sitting down after work with a nice mug of tea and my bad obsession 🤩
I am now convinced that Binky has been completed, raced and crashed already
What? One week? What is this sorcery?
Welcome back. What about L'Escargot?  ;-)   Also - if the new fscker is faster than Binky; what WILL you do?  ;->>
Thanks for the upload; my BOM jones was getting nasty.
Thought you two had fell off our flat planet 🌎. Good to see you back 👍
A week? Woo hoo!
23:21 make the noise
ah! nice to see the page cainted!
I'm not gonna watch any of your videos until Project Binky is finished.
Lovely little idea!!!  GOOD bit of variety as much as i love seeing the binky updates. Weekly video's will be mental!!!
Awesome!
WOW!!! How are they going to adjust going back to Binky after working in something this spacious?!?!?!?   Edit: next week!?!?!?! Woo Hoo!!! More good news to distract me from the S#!+ Storm of the final days of the election!!!
Love it Tip for removing window lowering arms. Take a Strip of old cloth Wiggle behind the arm It wil snag the little clip and the arm releases. Works awesome
The only channel I like and then watch.
I feel like you lads would be a good fit for the 24 Hours of Lemons, if you felt like trying to get that going in Blighty.
im dissapointed... no custom bracket for the lock pin thingy... you are failing us!
Brilliant. Can’t wait for the next one
85k on a citroen is actually ALOT. Ive had 2 xaras, and both failed MOT on rear suspension, both due to a shit design at around 80k. Worst part was it was unfixable, costing more to fix a little bearing than the car cost because you have to unweld the panal beneath the rear seats to access the bolts required to remove the rear axel assembly. You cannot get replacements either, so its a junkyard find to replace, and odds are they have exactly the same as the fault anyway. The french are BAD engineers, and worse designers.
Saturday. Beer in hand. BOM video. All set!
You guys are incredible! Love all of your content!
68 horse power of raw fury. Ha ha Mind you, if the car is really lightened up then its reasonable quick
I am stoked, want one too!
Fuck yes boys. I was thinking of doing somthing like this with a mk1 ka with the endura-e engine. Cheap bit of fun
The "french shopping cart" should be the project name!
Thanks for the video BOM. . Great work
Flocking French Race Cars ... argh ... Whodathunkit.
No overcomplicated brackets ?
Gosh. Binky has improved immeasurably since the last vid... 😋
I knew I should have turned up the volume. when the first part of the roll cafe was first fitted with the help on Benny Hill. I thought Richard said the cage was up against the cocktails. So I turned up the volume and found out. It was up against the shock towers.
My first car.. so proud :p
the opening is the same has another British youtuber called the mighty jingles, for a second there i though i was rewatching a replay video from him...lol
3:42  man I love your jokes so much 😂
Not having adds is such a pleasure. Thank you guys, I already have a project binky (unpainted) shirt. Will check out your shop in a couple of months for cool merch
Wait, what happened to Binkey???
Ok you have confused the fk out of me. That was the music used by the Mighty Jingles at the start of his videos!!
Wait.. since when is #TheMightyJingles making the credits? the music is the same as his!
Gave up on the mini then ?
Please, please, please keep a running total of costs... I'm so sick of all the videos on YT with a $500 car that's had $10k thrown at it being promoted as a $500 car...
I wasn't sure how I'd feel about this not being a Mini when the notification came in. As it turns out, extremely happy. Great work chaps!
SIM racing is so lame when you can do the real thing cheaper 😂😂😂😂
I see the driver's seat foam had disintegrated in to powder and deposited itself on to the carpet, much like the Fiat Cinquecento I used to have. Still love the tiny cars, though.
Wouldnt it be funny if that air bag was installed onto Nick's tea sippin chair ?!?
Where is Binky.            ?
Hurrahh the boys are back. Time to put the kettle on.
Finally some action 👍👍👍 Join us next week ....that's right I said week 😂😂
How many granny pubes did you find
oh, putting the nut a couple of turns back on before yanking at thee steering wheel... That's the exact useful piece of advice that would have stopped me from punching myself in the face with my own steering wheel!
This isn’t Binky  *watches anyway
I woke up to pee. Best throw the jug on.
Awesome!!! Simulator or this, my vote is for this every time!  :-D
Wait, that intro twisted my melon. I couldn't work out if I was watching a Mighty Jingles or Bad Obsession video :)
Great video lads  P.s when is the next truck video
I absolutely love this
Project Dinky.
time to indulge  !!!!
That's a funny looking Mini...
It’s not binky but I’m here for it
Oh cool! Club 1000 :)
Wheres binky
I love these guys (in a probably a non healthy measure). Lol. Keep up the great work
Saw the race series for these its a great idea cheap starting point for racing, im still to poor but one day 🤣
Speaking of "Sad, strange little car with 700 different names and manufacturers", when Binky is done in 2058, you should try shoving an actual Aston drivetrain into that weird Toyota iQ based thing Aston tried to shove down our throats back in the day. Worst case scenario, you can put two Duracet V6s one on front of the other and call it an Aston V12, it's the same thing at the end of the day.
right, this is exactly what they need.. another project XD
WHERE'S BINKY
Yes, yes! Let it begin!
Wheels look superb on it
Hardest part is that roll cage......    Installs ECU 🤣
Thank you for being the only escape free from politics and Covid.
I absolutely loved Colin McRae 4 on the PS2, such as great game!
Knowing I’m getting another 6+ year build ahead of me coming from BOM makes me very happy!
Hello lads! Greetings from 🇺🇸
Ooh, I'm excited to see what brackets will be shown today.
Hi
Sweeeeet,   Something cool to check out   https://thenextamericaninnovator.com/aaron-cooley   You guys rock
This better be good .. I stopped watching LeMans to look at this ... Edit:  Yes. Yes it was.  ... One tiny teensy wincy question remains however: .. What effing colour is Binky ?? (and thank god a safety car coincided with the 4am video release time in Aussieland)
I’m stoked for this, but this might take about 10 years to complete
Great stuff Top work as always.  👍👍
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, BOM uploaded. Made my day!
Why do you need this drivers footrest and the seat base plate?
I clicked like before it even loaded...
eee err were the mini
Lets gooooo!
🥳
Yeah! Good to see you back!
Fucking brilliant! I missed shagging the missus to watch this.. she’s asleep now.
Some say you can't fit the complete running gear from a Toyota gt4..
The Daihatsu designed engine from Toyota in our Citroen. It took me a moment to work that out. 🤣
YES! Real racing, get out in the sun shine and do it, Instead we have kids now that can’t change a bulb.
5:38 What an absolutely shitful place to put the ECU!
This looks like a crazy fun little race series! Poor Nik; I hope his case of bracketus interruptus is resolved soon and to his betterment. Keep up the great work, gents!
BOM buying brackets??!! I never thought I'd see the day!
Lovely to see you again. Try the tea towel trick to remove window winders.
Thank goodness you're back. I was becoming suicidal. Great vid as usual but you really need to get your edit timing right. You are a beat too slow with the cuts between yourselves. Great music BTW. What was that first track?
One day we could get a lemons rally and hobo baja1000 at this rate! Can't wait
Ken oath
You guys keep inspiring me to do a build myself. My wallet? Not so inspired, but I am working on it.
3:34 "There is not a straight panel on the car, but those are features, not faults." Uhuh? These are the same guys that built Binky? :)
Easiest way to get those window winder clips off is to feed a rag in the gap to hook the end of the clip and just pull it out. No risk of scratching any trims either.
Great job Lads, this fills the gap nicely.
"Brute force and ignorance" My father says that all. the. time. :D
I will accept this as a substitute for more Binky episodes, just glad to hear your usual banter and commentary which is one of the things I love about this channel.
I was half expecting to see Mark Evans there for a moment... :)
Well, it's mini. Although not a Mini. Crack on.
I feel  so much better now...
That must be one fun race series!
It's like the anti-Binky... and yet somehow it works and I love it.  Looking forward to next week chaps!
Flocking hell, that's a bonny dash
You know what would have been real fun? Racing an Opel Agila. It fits perfectly in the series :D These are the kind of cars that drive 60kph where there's 100 allowed. I absolutely hate them or rather their drivers. Good to finally see one being fast!
Love you guys! Welcome back!
Woo and Hoo!
My latest tea drinking and motorsport engineering fix, huzzah.
was wondering when "yakkety sax" would make an appearance and i was not disappointed. good work, lads! love this idea
Great as always Gents, thanks for the mid-day distraction!
11:54 WHY PUT FUSES THERE CITROEN
this made my day, thank you!
Nick being supplied brackets and not making his own! That's a recipe for PTSD and Vietnam style flashbacks.
I like where this is going.👍
Finally - some normality - thanks guys, I've needed this!
When does Nick decide to fit the engine from a 406 V6?😂 Another great project from you guys.
I really hope you guys find all the badges to put "Toyota C107" on the back to confuse people trying to figure out which of the three it is.
LoL - @ 7:22 - "WTF Bolt???"
Much as I love Binky, I think I enjoyed this more. It feels like something I could be doing in the near future... Binky doesn't 😂
If you don't like the color of the dash FLOCK OFF AND DYE!
Are you sure you’ll be allowed to keep your British citizenship after choosing a _French_ car to modify and race with?! 😋
This series has different theme music,... and I hate it. Boooooooooooo. Things that are different are bad.
YESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!  THEY'RE BACK!!!!!!
It's not Binky but I'll take anything to get my Bad Obsession fix at this point 😃
The lads are back! Yee-haa!!
It's not binky, but it'll do!
2020 has been full of the strangest happenings, not least among them is that we've actually finished a project. This one is done and dusted for the most part and we're already back on the other two after an enforced hiatus. Apologies for the delay in bringing you our normal shows, but it was out of our control. Hope you enjoy this in the meantime and don't worry, more Binky and Escargot is coming your way soon.
Absolutely best build channel on YouTube, by far!
