Ash of war name ?
I did this in 2 mins. Lvl 1. https://youtu.be/K21h1PiKoaY?si=pNSjDFqrQzglx-SL
A guy in shorts beat Malenia in 37 seconds on level 1!?. That's crazy!, but nobody's saying he probably practiced for over 100 hours to upload a 37-second video!
Is my RNG good I got two of the bandits curved swords in 10 minutes
Bleed build x mimic tear x lvl 713
I'm over level 150 and still struggling
Id love to come in from a day of work and put the beats on this n@###
Just when I think my build is doing well, this pops up on my feed.
ahh bleed build killed malenia in 4 attempts when playing elden ring first time .
How you get that armor?!?!?
why don't u drink flask after applying buffs?
Guys u gotta hv a whole lot of skills to make this build work
really fucking good .d
Wow. I thought Radagon would be a hard counter to this variety of spice, but even he couldn't handle all that. Good job.
Bleed is pretty insane, but how does bleed come into play on the Radagon/Elden Beast fight? Since they're not affected by bleed? Seemed like you were still doing a ton of damage regardless.
How low your health is at the start of these fights would worry me though
Its so weird how some people think its boring to kill bosses in seconds... They say the game becomes boring... How tf does that even work? This is beyond the land of awesome! It makes the game playable again!   Some folks just don't understand the philosophical concept behind "git gud".
1:35 lord of blood's exulsion? sweet mother of tism
Meta level is not limiting yourself To a level You cuck 😂
How did you make the build?
Why not black feather cape thing and jump attacks?
How effective is this build against gargoyles?
Why not wear the item thatbost jumping attack
This fake and trash..
Im doing a level 1 run and using this build but my main problem is the stamina i always run out i even started using turtle tali and greenspill but still have an issue with stamina I
So um I did a bit of research and it's possible to make this build better by using the dagger talisman and the raptors black feathers since it boosts jump attacks and jump attacks hit 4 times which fills up the rotten winged sword insignia thing in 1 jump attack which is broken af. Also that's +35% damage on a jump attack so yeah
Fury of the fallen in Elden ring!
for what the hellbard?
Thanks for the build ima try it out
bro please share that melina face build
That would be highly appreciated if you make the full video on how to make this build as there are majority players who don't know where to get the juice from
Can you please make a detailed video on how to get this build the items required for this shit?
Bro dayuuuuuuuum how to smoke your boss to die
Why is PC "master race" whenever every video i watch of ppl playing on pc their game lags
What about jump attacks of the beast coar blade ?
at this point it’s personal
I need this build, except where I can also just eat every hit form the boss. Good vid.
Radabing, Radaboom
Deflecting hard tear says otherwise
When the knight or the vagabond i quiqly  and i discovered is good build is strength build  now i have star scourge great know is my build is the best for him bye and iam in 2025 who in 2025
9:39 what is bros health at 💀
Did they ever nerf this or is it still broken today?
Peak male loneliness
Can't wait for the epic face reveal 😱 💯
7:00 did i just witnessed bro lost 800k in a blink!
why do i feel like this is before players knew that jump attacks were completely broken
I hope they never nerf this build bro 😭
With no bleed, my favorite build of all time was with the zweihander and lions claw. Absolutely bullied malenia
my guy was like i don't need neither vigor neither healing or dmg reduction i'll just kill him after he kills me
no malenia, noob.
and this video is taken by using many attempts due to low health lmao
Have you tried Morgott’s cursed sword
On my 1st run. Started with a bandit. This is nuts! I went with swordspears. Time to boost my arcane for my left hand bleed swordspear
it feels weird seeing a skumnut video that was recorded alone and without his wonderful chat
I fucking LOVED how you absolutely slayed that draconic tree sentinel
This build is not overpowered I just copied it and it's buns
I feel like skum remembering how he bullied godskin duo and fire giant with this build is the only thing pushing him onward when doing hard challenge
Bro hates people who play the game 💀😭😭🙏
i am shumnut blade of bleed and i have never known defeat
whats wrong with moonveil i have it plus 10
Possibly the most balanced and fair thing I've ever seen.
I like your humor bruh👍👍👍👍
0:21 I thought I was the only one 😭😭
honestly i dont like the look of those swordds instead i would use the same build but with with 2x uchingatanas
4:20 thank you my glorious king for killing this THING i hate this mini boss so much i hate who created it i want it to perish I WAS STUCK ON IT FOR 3 DAYS MAN
Oh, wow... that animation at the end...
"the strongest build"   3 minutes later: dying to margit
wrgggg
should’ve used the black feather armor to boost jump attacks. You would’ve 1 shot a couple bosses
did they nerf this?
is there a reason why u to the talent with the sword 3 times not only 2?
It’s still broken💀💀💀💀💀💀
Can you share the build elements???
Fun fact; if you keep hitting one of the godskin duo's even after they die and during dissappering you can still damage the total boss healthbar for free...
great video, the kid talking was really annoying just shut up already fool
"The fuck you lookin at" to godskin apostle was personal ☠☠
For godskin duo. i was a serverly under levelled reduvia vuild, i killed apostle first ad noble runs around the beams alot just stand on a broken one to cheese him makes the fight easier
who's the character at 14:24 ??
Also if you do same build but with scavenger curved sword you’ll do bleed buildup much faster and be slightly more overpowered
My dual wield bleed build for new game plus iterations is morgot cursed blood sword in off hand and bloodhound fang with bloodflame on main hand , does lots of poise and stagger damage and I like to use jump attacks with it so claw talisman and raptor feathers and rotten winged sword insgina too
Every single person I come across in an online fight:
Nah bruh,nnot even with this build the foreskin duo looks easier wtf, they deserve to get cheesed
aaaaand now there is a stronger one
Raptors feathers would help, dual curve jump attacks hits 4 times
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
bro became the writheblood ruins bleed hound
How is that the strongest build? You need half an hour to apply all buffs while I only need Flask, FlameGMS and GoldenVow and Mogh's Spear is melting everything even in NG+x
I think PETA would actually praise you for killing the red wolf. It was someone’s pet after all.
"where dey at?" while waiting for the 2 godskins to respawn took me out lol
The glassest cannon
Dual godskin peelers is better.
Stop saying perfectly balanced
Thanks
l relate to that intro
It still work?
I just wanted to say i killed her in first try in my life with my build
Not hitting godson duo after they die is such a rookie move
I js 4 shot Melania with mohgs spear 😂
whats wrong with bleed users i just started elden ring and just though bleed was cool 😭😭😭
The most boring build ever.
That failed buff routine hurts me on a metaphysical level
Only problem with this build amazing damaged one hit your dead
Add bloodflame blade
You didn't even poison your self, and missed on damage
who is going to tell him he was never getting the mushroom helm buff cus he never proc'd posion.
First 10 seconds of this video is the honest this guy has ever been
U not proving anything fucking hel bitch
What physic flask do you use
8:38 LOLLLLL!!!
Fuck the draconic tree sentinel hes such a POS
I figured this build out in about a week after game came out. It works for everything but elden beast. Mage respec works well for that. I have videos from a week after release when i found the scavenger curve. Added the extra bleed with my self stabs, found the bleed hat and taliaman. Couldnt believe it. Then started using exalted and commanders. It is insane. You can stack golden vow too.
8:11 😂
I'm in Ng+5 and I can 4 shot radagon 💀
You’re doing so much damage that the damage counter can’t even keep up
Where malenia
All knowing guy not using bleed 🤣🤣🤣🤣
bro is melina
ok so I know I'm not accusing this of being fake but... golden godfrey has immunity to bleed...
If the game allows it it's fair
At the beggining of the vid Is that modded in armor?
Wouldnt millys prosthesis be better than the scoreseal, because it also increases attack power, and would scavengers occult be better than blood bandits curved swords? And also theres a spiky tear that also increases attack power, and i use white mask, raptors black feathers, millys prosthesis, lord of bloods exultation, claw talisman, winged sword insignia, occult scavnegers with seppuku and the spiked tear for increased attack at level 200 and im about to fight malenia for the first time, its not gonna go well gor her lmao
Did this get nerfed or something?
The fact he didn't realise he wasn't buffing with poison...
Honestly ill probably try this. After the last patch my strength int build is almost pointless 😅
Dude lmao.. the soul withdraw starts at about 3-6 day away from a souls lile. Please be carefully.. To many ppl suffer from this debilitating condition known as being a f**king hollow/filthy casual (jk jk). Chears eh .
U messes up the fire giant run when u didn’t wait for him to collapse on his hands and u wouldn’t be burning from the fucking huge flames
Omg you using mimic noobs lol, etc, ah but let me show you this amazing bleeding build that total recks the game..... Yea bleed and that's all you guys can use... Freaking christ.
Oh melina
People saying that this is the most broken thing ever conceived have never seen “Chainsaw.”  (Before y’all go commenting “That’s an exploit, it doesn’t count,” I know.
why radagon's soreseal if not milicent's prosthesis? genuinely curious
This build makes fun of my suffering.
Who cares about “BALANCED”?  Everyone is FREE to make any build they want.  EVERYONE.   But people STILL cries and complains??  lmao Bunch of clowns and their inferiority complex over a video game.  No one likes someone else’s build being better.  That’s the real issue   And “LEVEL 1” is not really LEVEL 1 when you’re on NG+ ..  You already have all the END GAME and OP weapons, armor, spells and everything.
BROOOOOO WHY DO YOU SOUND LIKE ME WHEN YOU TALK. NO JOKE WE HAVE THE SAME VOICE. Not even kidding bro.
The best thing about bleed users is that they never had to git Gud so when they get to radabeast they’ll die over and over and over again to make up for their sins
I would use the lord of bloods exultation. With every successive attack and bleed prock it it plus 20% damage for 20 seconds but its basically infinite (because you prock bleed every hit)
The attributes don't even add up
Shit game
1:17 Does it help if I'm max level?
Any idea if this build still works?
You can stack two sepukkus? I thought one for each buff type
is that it best run time since your the best😅😅
11:37 1.2 Mil Runes and no lvling. Why?
6:57 Lost 860 k Runes and didn’t leveled up.
Don't worry guys, Skumnut didn't use a bleed build. There's no face cam because it was actually a paid actor playing while Skumnut did a voice over later. Unfortunately the player did pass away afterward from the sheer cringe of using a bleed build tho.. bless his soul.
If you think this build is strong then you should see the Melee only level 1 one-shot build vid.
500+ Never Leave Your First Playthrough Problem Solved
wtf. this guys is actually real fucking good at this game
hey im a bleed user
coming back to this a stronger bleed build is very easy to make
Imagine max dex and arc 💀
Wait bleed doesnt even work on radagon anrd E beast then how did u  kill them so easily
balenced
Fun fact: status is less if you dual wield  Also this barely matters to bleed because screw you
this build is downright unholy
👍
The Godskin Duo was an anime finish...
sepookoo
Dude rennala was absolutely disgusting
sharp sellsword twinblades:
the game froze at 5:49 because it couldn't process the power of that build fast enough
i was literally running this build for months  but w the beastman curved sword, and never saw anything about it. maliketh in like 20 seconds lmao it was busted.
What's the point of the intro if you're not gonna do Malenia too and see how mich faster you could do it...
"yep that looks like godskin duo" *The fuck you looking at*
any replacements for seppukku? great vid btw
10:09 lol that sound
What if fire giant is just in heavy load and trying to dodge roll?
Super late and there are videos about this but dex arc doesnt do as much damage as str arc even as a power stance build (using the beastman curved sword with bleed does more dmg and even provides you with more base resistances cause str)  Dex is basically only good for the unique dex weapons/unique moveset weapons that scale best dex
Can you go to level 200 and put some stuff into vigor so you can use mimic teir?
this reminds me of my shield crash build, ridiculous
Off topic question how did you apply that black cape to Melina set?
Its not a bleed build its a Greed Build
The gargoyles twinblades are so much stronger, and better at doing this
😂
Icerind hatchet +10  stats:50 strength and 50 dexterity is better
Remember back when dex-bleed used to be op 😂
I wish you would change your nonsense, like your poor music shit and aggressive attitude. Un subbing sadly
Why have low hp?
Why does he not heal🙃🙃
Hi, thanks for your video, im a newbie on ER, how do you do your 2 swords attack at the same time ? I have my 2 uchigatana but when i L2 it does not look like your attack. Is there any condition for doing this special attack ? Thanks and keep up good work
Bro, play Elden Ring as Chuck Norris
what is the best starting class and early weapon to get easily to take on margit and godrick without being overpowered.
this man really woke up one day and decided to start a war the man woke up and chose violence
8:10  😂😂
Is that a mod at the beginning if not how do I get that cloak
forgot patches
Malenia?
Dude using 1000 Items to make the build work : BLEED IS SO UNBALANCED. Yea no shit sherlock. everything build outthere is stupid if u use 100000000 buffs before fighting the boss. xD
You should do a rock only run, because you hate them so much.
Is it ok to heal after stabbing yourself
It’s glass cannon. One hit and you have to retry
Clicked to watch malenia clicked off within 30 seconds😂
What maidenless behaviour
That's not how withdrawals works lol. they don't make you itch, that's for sure
I love how he isnt even using the full potential, he could actually use the poison buff because he never actually gets poisoned, and he could use raptor's black feathers armor
This got heavily nerfed
Use peelers instead higher innate bleed
Thanos quotes always deserve a like 👍
Add raptors black feathers
Tell us how the items were collected before the first boss at start of game! I like to use this before entering the lands between
Man I bet the only other thing is bloodborne
i look at new game plus bleed builds as you are the boss fight and they are the players
shit build
I just cant understand how you just did for winning ALL BOSS in lvl 1
Why didn't you wear armor
Did this man just cough and shit himself.LMAO
why do i have less levels then you when i have the same lvl as you and tried copying you
the one-shot build is also used at level 1. :3
What is your favorite fragrance?
Boring. The real challenge is use all op set but never levelup your char...
It is balanced because you're a complete glass canon sure you can oneshot some bitches but if anyone even sneezes on you you're dead.
I made a stronger but it’s like level 10
Exultation. Not exultion
>He struggled with godskin duo
Law of regression:
is it still op?
00:14 Like, play overwatch instead of streaming
The large inanimate balls actually can float over you and kill you this just happened
U could(if i have enoguht vigor) equip 2 giant crusher hammer and after get the buff u could use the hammer+an ash that i dont rememb the name for buff them and do 10k+
I'm assuming there's a reason you don't heal after damaging yourself with the various buffs, either that or just to flex how skilled you are
does this build still work well today?
Nah fam 2 godskin peelers one with bleed one with cold is much better imo you also don't gotta sacrifice all your health and get 1 shot by any little mistake
i couldnt agree more with you, i play elden ring honestly hooked almost addicted, but i have work to do in the real world
when you run into a random enemy without doing your full buff ritual for 10 min...
How do stab your self
i feel attack
I've watched this video like 10 times and just now realized you arnt using a physic flask? Any particular reason?
why doesnt he heal up?
use claw talisman for jump attack cheese
Jump talisman and using jump attacks could be insane with This because if the 4 fit combo
Finished ng+10 like 2 months ago and laid my character to rest after 200 hours
the "fuck you" at Fire Giant. I felt that.
i think using the mimic would make the build even more fair
Max Int Azure Comet be like
Bro fr got the fallout 76 bloodied build
🤣🤣
it's funny that by the time you reached the first boss, you had lost half your buffs lol
imagine you've been a god for thousands of years just to be killed by a human with no shirt on
This build is as powerful as it is fucking stupid looking
Clearly I’ve been playing this game wrong.
It is a boring build to play,so i skip it...
Fuck you fuck you talking over bullshit agan ugle peace suit what hell voice like dear zombie
I don´t even think this THAT OP. Yes the DMG is absolutely insane, but if you get hit even once you die. That makes it balanced in the end, if anyone askes me. 😅
I thought meta was 125?
This should be titled along the lines of "What you can do with bleed + zero-hit skills," because new players are gonna start thinking that they can pull this kind of damage with a couple of bleed swords and some steroids. I know that some of the easier bosses died before they could even pull one hit but that's irrelevant compared to the many fights a player will ONLY be able to use this build with if they have zero-hit skills against those bosses' mechanics. So, yes, this build is [actually] balanced, simply because only an extreme minority of players will ever have the dedication required to reach the "no hits" level with multiple bosses.
how do you get all that from the get go? console commands or sumn?
Collecting the pieces of exodia 🤣🤣🤣🤣 awesome
So where was the thumbnail fight? Did I miss something here? 🤔
I’ve seen a build that one shots every boss
Ain't no one Gon talk about the outro?
lol awesome
The most op weapon is Mohgwyn Sacred Spear💀
I thought you would be a little better at thius game by now, but in Malikeths Fightr, the overhead Slam in Second Pahse can be dodged by just standing infront of him, allowing for 2-3 attacks of Punish, i have pseronally killed Maliketh without getting hit with a plus 0 Weapon
Oh, my sweet summer child. Just watch the Ekky's channel for the real the strongest build: he killed EVERY STORY BOSS for one shot
Maybe go outside and talk to a real human
I loved literally almost everything in the video the effort to research the build, the skill to use it with such low vigor, but while him shitting on bleed builds was funny for the first few times it got so damn old by the end of the run
Can actually hit harder with a lvl 1 build
i wasnt expecting much but then the first kill did 9k damage and now im terrified
150 is not the meta my dude.
I suck so much at this game.
can someone explain to me why the 41 strength?
after decimating every boss in seconds "wow" 👁👄👁
Can u get these items early game?
I ran the dual twinblades dex/arc jump attack build and it's very similar to what this video is portraying, almost identical actually..I just didn't go full sweat with the mushroom helm and other consumes, just blood enchants/talismans/varre helm. Was a load of fun even though it trivialized most of the content, though I will say NG+3-4 brought back a bit of challenge with the health/dmg scaling of bosses.
Why u dont wear raptor black feather it will be op more than this 😂😂😂
Honestly who cares what build you have unless you use it in PvP
Why didnt you do radhan? :D
Running this build should effect your credit score
lol
just a tip on godskin duo hit there bodys while they despawn you can still do damage as the hit box is still there
Bro, prove me wrong but this build with a mimic tear would be OP
Really good build. Great damage :)
Just finished demons souls remake. It was my first souls game and now I am about 1 hour into dark souls remastered. I fucking love these styles of games and can’t wait to make it to elden ring.
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
I beat tree sentinel at level  7
Why does Gideon  not use a bleed build  I do
I’ve never used a bleed build. Does your Hp have to stay low for it to work? Or could you heal after stabbing yourself?
your so funny 😹
Only subscribed cause he said “you know for an all knowing guy you’d think he’d have a bleed build” Lmao
Lol
This shits nutty
In my opinion Bleed shouldn't work with bloodless oponents.
This character looks so pathetic.
11:08 in my experience using Elanora's blade against Gideon while he's monologuing was truly a satisfying moment and a "shut the fuk up".
I second tried god’s kingdom duo
I’m sure you know this but you could just double sleep pot those godskins at the start then bleed them dry while they sleeping
Rad video! what song is playing in the outro!?1?
Wow what an exploit ! Now get out there and try to find a job you like and raise up some kids and marry some wife.
runes at 7:00
Make a tutorial on how to get this build!
“If I jack up a single aspect in an outrageous fashion, as many times as possible, in moments, it’s so unbalanced!”   No shit fuckboy.
Imagine this with a +10 mimic
Bleed build users with rivers/dual seppuku curved swords and 3 vigor and 99 dex/arc are hilarious - what goes through your head that makes it seem like a good idea? Maybe do less damage and actually learn how to dodge????
I just put rivers of blood and a semetar and copied all other things and i kinda 2 shot malenia 1 phase and 4 shot her 2 phase
How come when I go there and kill it didn’t give me the weapon
Is this still viable for pve and pve ?? Or am I better off going for a pure dex build
It’s nice and all but if you get smacked . You are done and that’s what happens to me
Scavengers curved swords are even better than bandinds
Rivers of blood max blood proc + subuku =ded any boss that can bleed
Bro melenia and malinia is defrent charchters
I only use bleed to get stuff fir my other acc ( ik still bad I use bleed but oh well
nah the strongest build is two katanas and a pot helemet
Most op bleed build vs godskin duo
Dual bleed twinblades, jump attack, profit
Wrong I did it in 10 sec
Is the build good after 1.07?
Hey man..how do you apply seppuku with two sword. Skill only aplicable for right arm weapon correct?
Hey man..how do you apply seppuku with two sword. Skill only aplicable for right arm weapon correct?
This build is so broken and takes no skill  *no hits all the bosses*
This makes me want to make a bleed build
Patch 1.07 just dropped delete this video or edit it. It's void now.
Patch 1.07.. seppuku blood effect reduced (and damage you take when using it increased)  Dual wielded weapons status effect buildup also reduced. Be interesting to see how good these are now..
why use commanders standard when the buff wears off before you do the first hit anyway
Why are they you using flasks? Is it something in the build that it makes you weaker at max health?
RIP for the ones who actually believes he's lvl 1 😔🙏🏾
not even 2 minutes in and already a mistake: rotten sword insignia and millicents hand stack, you should use them both
GREAT VALUE GODFREY?! 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂😂😂
We need an exultation talisman for frost, so unfair it doesn’t exist
Wow....bloody brilliant ....I'm so trying this pmsl
what about the dual hammer+every combat buff availible build?
Man, bleed is broken and everyone and their dog uses it in pvp and can get annoying but the hate it gets (along with moonveil users) seems disproportionate and honestly I feel it's even more annoying to hear the same complaint all the time. It's like people who gatekeep and are tryhards and consider using summon ashes easy mode and look down upon.  At least this youtuber did friendly and funny jabs instead of actual complaining
The real best build in Elden Ring, Buff stacking
Your constant pessimism and sarcasm of the game mechanics is somewhat cringe. Just accept your having fun making powerful builds & be thankful this game even exists and has garnered your interest.
I believe you 😂
why don't you heal?
Again what cheat did you just used?
8:40 "Fuck are you lookin at"
good vid but turn sound off, he really should control his mouth.
Whats the point of the neutralizing boluses?
Omg. What is that outfit I love it
Can you please show us your charactersettings, this Charakter cool af.
Also, nice pfp bro
Ah yes, vengeance 5:49
What's the poison for?
why the roped fetid pot?
Your dodges are on point like cinnamon rolls
It's a cracked build, I'll give you that, but the TRUE strongest build in Elden Ring is the Envoy bubble-horn build
Elden Beast, do you bleed? You will
Bro really died and lost like 60000 or 60m runes but cared about killing godskin duo🤬🙀
Coooooooool
I was playing DSR, and killed that crystal guy on the way to Seath’s first encounter. I said bye, and by that time you’d started doing the outdo lol.
Radabum...ahaha
don't mind me; just taking 2 minutes to get ready for the fight.
In my noob brain bleed is only justified if you want to have easy fun and your not pvping
Cool
What character did u pick to start
What's the build
Bleed builds are all well and good till you reach end game bosses where bleed doesn't mean shit!!
3:59 bleed build user isnt even jumping shockwave to get jump l1 in for speed kill, pathetic Kappa btw stop swearing the entire time
I’m pretty upset I missed the white mask since my friend laser beamed the boss 🥲 I’m a far way off getting it again
pissfrey is supposed to be immune to hemmorage, which means you did so much bleed build up you hit past the immunity
Should I use the rivers of blood?  It's a balony sword but great for pvp if you're always going against 2 - 3 others. It seems really cheap sword but,. Th3se others guys and there magic too, I'm thinking of doing it.
It deals good damage, but honestly I wouldn't say that it's the strongest considering the setup it takes + the fact that you are in 1 shot range  I would say that the best build has to be noob-proof
8:36 had me rolling
Run blue dancer instead of Rotten winged sword
What cloak is that in the intro?!?
Millicent's Prosthesis and the Rotten Winged Sword Insignia stack so they both should be used
I swear I am the only person who plays this game who is too dumb to use boosts  How do yall do it? How are yall so smart?
Did you actually get the mushroom crown buff? You didn’t get poisoned, just buildup
meta level pvp is SL 150?
You should really specify what version of the game you're playing on.
came for the OP melina fight made even OPer, left quite annoyed
You should’ve also use Raptor feather for jump attack boost
What's the point of the mushroom head and the poisoning?
How did you get the Melina face?
Just sucks that Seppuku isn't available until you've gotten passed a lot of these bosses... lol.
I found sense of humor in this shjt 😂
man i do better build then this guy and this lame ass use a bleed build...
Bleed is broken
Your health bar made me so nervous kudos to you some sick gameplay there
Certified war crime 👍
Lord of blood's eXuLShIon
is this discount Charlie?
the "the fuck you lookin at" got me so much and idk why XD
bare joke😶‍🌫
Still weaker than Ancient Dragon Lightning Strike build.
broo dont skip leg day
1st time souls game player.  Currently level 40 still haven't a clue what to do. Build wise points get allocated randomly
min maxing ruins this game. dont do it.
Vừa vào đã nổi cả da gà 藍giọng a Phúc hayyy quá, mong sẽ tiếp tục cover ạ ❤️
Bet
Weakest Intelligence Moonveil user > Strongest Arcane Rivers Of Blood user
What's a bleed build?
I wish there was some kind of cast sequence macro we could use for buffs. That's always been my least favorite part about min/maxing in the souls series. Great games that I absolutely love. But through my entire time multiple playthrus of ds1-3, sekiro, bloodborne, and elden ring, I have probably used items that were not Estus Flask (or estus flask equivalent) a total of 100 times. And most every one of those times were to cure debuffs or for essential things like in new londo ruins ds1 item to kill ghosts. And no, I honestly didn't ever really even use weapon buff items like lightning paper/resin etc. If I wanted to buff my weapon or self, I did it through spells.  I guess I'm just an impatient bastard. I felt really bad about it in elden ring with the whole crafting system and everything too. My first playthru I don't think I crafted a single item.
Is meta lvl for pvp 150!??? I thought it was 120
The horrible state and design decisions of Elden Rings Endgame/PvP just killed my addiction to the game.
You get seppuku late in the game and it's a tough road to get there
I put that on the katana nagakiba would it work still cuz I've been use the the rivers of blood since leve 1 a friend gave me the katana and runes to level up to use it ever since that I've been using blood loss would the nagakiba with that
Why do you use Seppuku twice? Does it buffs twice with Lord of Blood's Exultation?
thats crazy damage still though id get hit once and die
If your planning to use jump attacks you could consider using the Raptor's black feathers chest armor which Strengthens jump attacks by about 10%.
Don’t give a shit if it’s balanced, just tired of dying 🤘🏻
this build implies I know how to not get hit
definately not. my arcane build is stronger.
what chest piece is that in the thumbnail?
Oh yeah i discovered this build for myself and im currently using it. Pair those 2 bad boys with dual seppuku, white mask, bloods exultation, and rotten winged sword and for pve the claw talisman plus te spiked tear that is basically an upgraded rotten sword and you deal roughly 3 4 k per jump. When all buffs stack the 2 curved swords reach 1000+AR each for a shord period of time. And due ti their running and jumoing attacks you get off 4 attacks per attack and 1 2 bleed procs per attack in pve. Pvp its 1. Works great for low level invasions too. I use it on my lvl 16 build as well.  But at full level it rocks. Especially with a max mimic tear doing the same with you. I discovered it without ever finishing the game once because i would only do coop and pvp at low lvls and fashionsouls. So i was afraid of the fire giant but i killed him first try, i did like 7k+ damage to him after 2 jump attacks.  Same for every boss. Especially malenia. I was scared at lvl 125 that dhe might kick my ass because i ve seen tons of videos of how tough she is. She didnt even get to attack me with the waterflow once. And due to the amount of vids i watched i knew how to dodge her attacks even taught i faced her for the first time and defeated her 1st try hitless.  But this build doesent really work in high lvl pvp, it is easy to dodge and punish in duels. For invasions its still not that good because you gotta get off 2 seppukus and damage yourself so they know where you coming from.  But beware using this build as a noob. This makes all bosses easy so you will not learn much about attack patterns of enemirs and etc.
Daaaaaaaamn
How did you customize your class and load out
Any bleed build not using ROB or that broken ass dual blade sword is a good bleed build and humble one indeed.
Even against enemies who're immune to bleed, the bleed build is still OP.
i love your humour man hahaha
My brother in christ, you are level 150 and have no Vigor. I could poke you with a stick and you would implode.
0:54 transition was fucking terrifying
you know your elden ring build is good when u torture ur self before you go into a fight
Revenge!!! The sweetest next to coochie GG! GFG
just got the thorned whip on first try, with no silver armor and 27 arcane. Shoulda gone to vegas
it's not that the All-Knowing doesn't know about the bleed build, he just didn't get the chance to use it when he only had like 2 seconds of life after meeting you.
Can you explain why this actually happens? Like what effect is every single passive & active effect having on your weapons to cause that amount of damage/blood loss??
If you use the godskin peelers you’ll get way faster bleed. Between the bandit swords there’s not really much difference in power. Maybe a few points. But much faster bleed build up with the peelers.
Try this against melania
Not hard to melt anything at level 150 with your stat distribution and build, also not sure if this is even on NG+? I would say its not the bleed but more your stat distibution and damage buffs. This seems pretty fair to me. Buffing like 20 times isnt exactly convenient for every fight, and no hit fighting every boss seems to be the trade off for having so little vigor and points in everything else.
Godskin duo kill was cinematic as hell ngl
malenia?
Is this build still good?
best build so long as you can dodge. but little bitches like me can't not do the dodge so wells.
Fight Malenia, pussy.
Don't some of those buffs would wear off before you finish buffing up?
do you have to exactly be the level that his status has
Hp pools being too big Bleed users: fine I'll "balance" it myself
This is sickening. Nice job, lol
I actualy use a bleed build which is slower but which is unable to ever take damage. Which i can just stand there and press left click (yes i play on pc) and never die and deal infinite damage. So i disagree that this build is the strongest build as my build will not even take damage from ng+100 bosses and still slowly kills them whilst just standing there, making the bosses dumbfounded to why im not taking damage. Its also a fun build to use in pvp as you can tell. Very fun and interactive to fight against.
This is blood glass canon build
“i am destined death” 💀 lmao
hey idk if you've seen this yet but you have to be fully poisoned for the rot exultation and mushroom head to give the bonus. if you used 2 pots you would have been fully poisoned, but I don't think you actually got the buff from it at all the whole vid.
probably could have done godskin with no respawns if you kept hitting them as they were dying
GG Giant... (F*ck you!) Loooooool bro! Great build and video!
As a former moonveil user I finally now see grass. Still can't touch them tho
Imagine this with mimic tear
Ur bleed  build is ass complete shit 😂🤣
"radabum"
such a boring way to play such an amazing game. geez,,,, YouTube is kinda ruining it
Why do you people make your characters so purposely overpowered? Don’t you want to be challenged? I refuse to raise my level over 70, and will never upgrade a weapon above +15. It makes the game way to easy when you do this! If you want to play unchallenging games, why not play Assassin’s Creed or just about any other RPG. Seems ridiculous to me!
On yeah? Now let’s see Paul Allen’s build
mans skipped Rick, solider of god
Why he don’t heal
Holy shit dawg I would like to see u do invasions with this build that be sick
What version is it?
As a newcomer to this channel, after a hefty load of research and 50 rewatches, ive deducted hes a melina simp, here in lies the end of my journey with this channel
lol, balance in this game does not exist, I'm playing spear, normal and killing bosses takes forever. Plus I have almost heaviest armor in the gam, and many of them 2 hit me. Time to respec to bleed finish and forget about this game.
You really shouldn’t give new players ideas to make pvp a train wreck
“it couldve been a moonveil user”- laughs in shame
I remember Sellsword Twinblades because of these weapons.
Elden ring is a part of life
11:20 he's the all-knowing, not the all-understanding.
Where's Malenia?
I wanna see this with a +10 mimic tear
What's wrong with bleed is they didnt carry over logical stats from dark souls. When u have blood loss the stat bar stays full and slowly decreases just like any other status effect except in elden ring. Blood loss can be repeated consecutively making bleed the only good damage in the game due to its imbalance.
Maliketh is the dopest looking boss in the game and I love the way phase 2 fights
i rofled when you said moonveil user because thats how i ended up defeating every major boss starting from maliketh onwards in a single friday afternoon compared to two weeks on malenia
Lmao your character design on the build
Does anyone know what physics he’s using
There is a stronger version of this build. Two Scavengers swords, with seppuku in both and applied with occult. Then u go full arcane and see the result! Its ridiculous! I recorded my fight with malenia using it. She did nothinhg!
You didn’t try Malenia???
Balanced, as all things should be.
"NG+BTW" dead ass.
Nice, I’ll stick to scythes
🤣🤣🤣
How is it that you have the cloak with the set at the beginning of the video??
getting twin sellsword vibes here...
Amazing!!!
Gg = Great (Value) Godfrey
eew, if ur still playing this crud thats mega sad. game for the goofballs
Cool people are finally using my build
Yo I gotta try this, I’m in NG+ 2 and I gotta beat radagon, elden beast, and malenia so thanks for the build and thanks to the person that originally made it.
You are doing the buffs wrong varre mask buffs when bleed is happening nearby and you just copied someone's video
Do you have a proper slider vid to make melina?
But where is malenia
Can you give in depth explanation as to which buffs and how they work, like the mushroom head and poison and all the buffs you apply b4 a fight
strongest? you cant be hit a single time, and the whole process is a fucking mess
Kill takes 5 seconds, preparation for it takes 50.
Your boyfriend needs to cut his hair.
😎
don't you have to actually be poisoned for mushroom crown to work? you're throwing the fetid pot but it's not poisoning you. It almost is but not happening
For Gideon I was saying oh God please don't hit Gideon before he finishes his speech. But poor thing everyone attacks and kills him before he has a chance to finish. Just once I'd like to see someone give him a chance to finish.
Impressive. Kinda chancy going in to battle boss with only a sliver of health though ain't it? I don't understand how come you didn't die more when you got some hits from other bosses.
Completely unrelated.. Jordan is better than Lebron
No melania??
Love u
Is this modded?
this is skilled
Gideon: A man can't kill a god Oh Gideon you fool, that's no man, that's a blood build user.
If you slapped on Raptors feathers itd increase the damage ur jump attack does buddy and since ur not wearing shirt theres no loss of anything at all
Did this man really call out moonveil users when he’s using a bleed build
Im so glad you hate Draconic Tree Sentinel as well. He wasn’t even worth my time to learn his attack patterns his lightning and fire angers me. I just cheesed with poison mist
My favourite part of the vid was when he used sepuku before fighting radagon who you can’t bleed
There's some JewceMan energy in this video.
Is it still good?
is it patched ??
Incredible!!
I'm wondering why the bleed still works on enames with no blood I'm not complaining but just why
Ayoo what did U say 💀😂 7:22 @
“When properly applied buffs should take longer than the fight”
bleed is absurdly overpowered for the DPS it does when comparing it to poison and frostbite. Poison does small chipdamage every tick while frostbite does a debuff to the enemies defense but bleed having the SAME CONSISTENT PROC while doing percentile health damage is far too much, it should do less damage and be slower to proc the more you spam it.
I hate blood builds so degenerate lol
Dont think anyone will see this now but: does the Pot+Mushroom helmet thing even trigger or work? i did some basic testing before trying this build and. Oddly it did nothing for my damage :(
The gross mosser or whatever the name of the curved sword is farm from skeletons is better then this weapon especially for this build
How come you (as well as other people I've seen) use dual curved swords rather than dual katanas? As far as I know katanas do more damage and have faster bleed build up, am I missing something?
"strongest"- but more like highest damage.
People wondering why their, “balanced, non toxic” bleed builds are hated in pvp.
I don't even use magic.  I use straight up just dexterity and strength with dual Bloodhound blades level 200.  My mimic tear is just as strong so I don't have to fight most of the time.
“GG Fire Giant, Fuck You.”  🤣🤣🤣
Imagine this but with the mimic as well, godly
The only time I would say someone deserves to fight a godskin Trio
I don't remember the Godskin duo right being that difficult. I was running a bleed\ frost build with a 3rd weapon for fire.  Then again, I did encounter every version of the Godskin fights before I made it to the duo so I guess I was already accustomed to their bullsh!t. Lol
I was expecting how to make the build and not showoff
Lol I didn't even knw that we could attack with both weapons at the same time while dual welding
are scavenger curvedblade not the best bleed weapon?
How do you stab yourself to get the blades covered in blood
I believe you watched some Critikal and spiffing brit before doing this video
Man forgot to block parry doge
Sorry, ER newb here but how come you aren't healing yourself?
I need to use this to radaon
Imagine mimic with this
How come he didn’t heal after he buffed? Does it get rid of the effects or sum?
Intro armor?
I like to hide behind a greatshield and poke with a naginata. That way I don't have to dodge anything. Perfectly balanced, as everything should be...
You sir are hilarious
In the draconic tree sentinel fight why did you use seppuku multiple times? Does seppuku stack?
Just saying, but scavenger’s curved sword has noticeably better bleed with occult and seppuku
Nice video this had me Lmfao 😅.. Curious why you didn't show how it works with Melania?
How do u use sepuko on both armament? (Activate)
You can’t get more balanced
“Petas not gonna like me after this” 😭 what a scumbag
Is everyone finally realizing that the Scimitar’s a great weapon yet?
this but with godskin peelers for the jump attacks
Realizing how much I neglected Arcane and blood loss  and how terrible my character is at 124…
How do you have 114 bloddbuild up but i have 84
I don’t see ger
Is it bad that I don’t wanna play any other game anymore ng+ 8
Isn't radagon and elden beat immune to bleed?
Only level 150 rookie numbers
Frostbite build just the COOLER version of this
I've seen better
So how to get the gear for that build would be a great video… Js
You didn't have to go and make up the beginning 😂 them withdrawals are strong
how do you get sepuku on both weapons i have sepuku on both but it wont stay on ?
Is this modded? im confused how he get those items.
I mean there's one shot builds so.
As a man with no honor, I am a moonveil user
Not the strongest. Especially when you get to enemies immune to bleed. Keep working that hype though so I can own more bleed users in pvp
One question...WHY THE FUCK IS THIS ALLOWED
Malenia wouldn't want the smoke with this fair balanced bleed build
The only boss that can beat him is nokron lmao
Is bleed gonna nerfed soon?
was it just me or did anyone not know about perfume bottles there first playthrough i literally never used them
Young MoistCritical doing an Elden Ring video
I choked laughing when Margit got you, deserved :D
“Now let’s see Paul Allen’s build”
1:54  I know it shouldn't have made me laugh as much as it did, but fuck am I an immature adult XD
Skumnut, my lord
Oh yay a bleed build 😒
"To be fair it could have been a moonveil user"  *Me using moonveil* 👀
Considering you were doing a lot of jump attacks why did you not use the Raptor's Black Feathers chest piece?
I love bleed ❤️ I love bleed ❤️ I love bleed ❤️ I love bleed ❤️I dedicate my life to bleed! “Bleed is love bleed is life” I whisper to my fallen enemies as their last breath leaves their bloodless body.
Can someone explain to me for those that may be as confused as I why it’s RL1 but it shows 150?
Hold up. You didn't even face Melania yet.
Honestly I've gone back and forth with this style build and my dual katanas, am stuck on elden beast on my first playthrough. Though on my NG+ I'm doing a Strength build. Got so many cool weapons I can't use.
If you pair it with the chestpiece that increases jump atk dmg it might become even better
I get that the bleed build is...overpowered..and that's putting it nicely but why is it so hated? Personally want to know since I'm a bleed user
John 3:16
no soldier of godrick.. mustve lost to him huh?
Why is he modded as Melina in the beginning
Man I see how you got a million hits! That build is off the damn HOOK!
For final boss better put the weapons with occult…
I've never gotten why people never heal after using seppuku. I know I do in pvE
The most cancer build
Journey 1 bosses can be beat with any weapon
damn, they reall hid the easy mode in this game
You should of used the black cape the gives +10% damage when it a jump attack
Marika went through all that struggle to seal away destined death when bleed should have been sealed
What's the build?
Malenia: you cant defeat me                                                                                                                                                  Tarnished: But he can   Rivers of Blood with mimic:
This is one of the builds of all time. Definitley one of the builds I’ve ever seen
Nah
No.. the strongest build is… the EVERYTHING BUILD
I had a bleed build. Before it was finished i put the game down caus there was no point 8n playing. At lvl 125. I started playing again. Doing a Str build. But the faith/arcane temptation is strong.
I beat that shit 5 times
Bro I have 113 hours in elden ring
pre nerf night and flame will always be better
I would love to use this build against Aleco the Black Knife ringleader in the ringleader ever jail.
Most humble bleed build
But we can do even further with mohg's great rune
You could've done even more damage if you'd actually proced Poison. To get the Boost from the Mushroom Cap you need to actually get poisoned and not just fill the meter. I think you could also add the Rotten Kin Charm to get an extra boost on top. Would've made those fights even shorter but great showcase nonetheless. Bleed is stupidly strong in ER but Seppuku specifically is ridiculous. I dont know how often Twinblade jump attacks hit but maybe that would've worked as well/better?   Idk I've never been one to max out like this, I always decided it's easier for me to just 'Git Gud' and learn the movesets to the point where I take next to no hits which is important here as well using hypermode and all that
PLEASE IS THAT CLOAK A MOD OR IS IT ACTUALLY IN THE GAME?! If so PLEASE TELL ME WHERE TO GET IT! IM BEGGING YOU🙏
"To be fair it could've been Moonveil user." I agree with that shit all the way
What were the tears for the physick? I'm doing this build myself
Hmm, I like
What weapons are those
POV: you get invaded by this build:  😀😕😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Let’s see this very balanced bleed build demolish the final 2 bosses that are immune to bleed buildup in NG+
Sepoooko
Sir Gideon, THE ALL KNOWING!!!
The fire giant: ew a bleed user
Imagine judging how ppl play pve
The pvp version of this is with bleed spears with one having seppuku and the other having bloodhound step. So fun, fair, non meta, and balanced.
You can't blame me for using bleed and katanas, I'm not good so it's not my fault.
What does wearing the mushroom head give you during prep?
What's the outro song, i recognize it from somewhere
Jedi sif dying in three hits is funny
Sir bleed build, the disgrace to society
No way i could do this build i can't dodge for shit 😂
I remember I got pissed off at an insane boss and I did this I thought I had to kill them all over again. Nagakiba +10 w/ blood slash and level 60. Offline morgott omen king and that really sucked not enough health but insane physical damage and bleed done.
No Malenia = Not OP build.
I say this build is balanced because pretty much anything will kill you in one hit. Super glass cannon
this build aint no shit boi
I'd say less "strongest build" and more "fast-forward build" you either win or lose in 2 to 30 seconds.
Soreseal huh? NAHHH
Didn’t fight Malenia? Love the commentary though 😅
U can keep hitting the noble skin bosses and cause blood loss even when they are "dead" for extra damage
just think with more buffs it could be even stronger like raptors black feathers and talisman swapping like kindred of rot exultation
Hey I’m new to Elden ring and have a noob question can you heal after you stab yourself or does it lose the affect if your not a 1 hit?
What is the ashes of war called on the Bandit's Curved Sword?
Ngl your voice was annoying but good content
It’s actually wild you can do this at lvl 1, I’ve been chasing rivers of blood this entire time not even knowing there was a better option
“Great value Godfrey” I fucking died
could someone explian to me why he put so many point into arcane?
Lots of jump attacking would benefit from the raven armor that buffs jump attacks
Elden stars. Truly the peak of "the boss vs. when you unlock them".
Can someone explain why he used the poison stuff
That fight with Godfrey, First Elden Lord had me on the edge. Nice dodging!
this guy just became my favorite to watch 👀 comedy and gameplay are gold
Meta level 150? Bruh I’m only halfway through the game and I’m lv.160
Love the video. Narrated so eloquently. Going to have to put this build together. I’ve got Plat but why not have a bit of fun also.
You can also put on the Raptor's black feathers for even a better chance of dying a virgin
I know that great runes can increase stats, and maybe other items, but just for my knowledge, because I am confused, how do you raise your stats so high without leveling up?
Build strength means nothing without the skill behind it. Sorry not the strongest I've seen.
Where is ur fight against the goddess of rot
Yea this build is broken with the damage but it’s high risk high reward u essentially need to do a no hit play through on the bosses which most people can’t
So how you post this and not teach us how to get it 😟
I wasn't ready for this. I laughed so hard, I swallowed my contact lens. Yeah. Consider that.
Bro just heal and use ritual sword talisman
How does being op make the game fun?!
Me seeing a literal god showing a sign of fear when fighting fire fire giant and then realizing that soon I have to fight fire giant with my dog build
Ok I’m just spitballing here, if that build can pull all that off at like lvl 150, imagine it at max lvl
I missed those swords, what are they?
Where do you get the blades
Feather chest piece and Jump attack talisman?
fight mohg and malenia, do it, you won't
With all of that pre-fight preparation, if it didn't one shot bosses, I'd be pissed off.
5:27 "oh this mans not ready" hahah my bro thats a lava wyrm xD
Yo, leave my man Crackhead Joe alone. He has a problem
When facing Margit and died first time, that is the reason why you dont drop to low health... you will get rekked if you ain't careful... same with the Magma Wyrm... and the Fire Giant... 😂 and the Godskin Duo, build is pointless if you have no health to back up with ...
Scavenger Curved Swords with Occult Seppuko, it much more better then the bandit swords
I have a build similar to this one I think mine is better tho
Oh look, another youtube video about the same bleed build everyone else talks about. What a yawn fest.
Even without them being broken the dual curved moveset is so cool
F I F T E E N
Can somebody please explain the deal with putting the mushroom crown on and then immediately taking it off??
I don’t understand why everyone hates the tree sentinel.. two rotten breaths and two cowardly retreats later I’m standing in Leyndell
oh man, where can I summon you to help me beat the Elden Beast? ^^;
Bro it feels like that. I want to spend time porking my girl but at times it feels like I’m itching it up to make a new character with a crane build
I belive there is a more "balance" arcane build that scale in arcane, use a weapon that already have bleed like Scavenger's Curved Sword with occult ashes of War and to make it even more "balance" you can use sepuku with jump atack, cause dual Curved sowrd hit 4 times and with sepuku every jump atack make a bleed loss. And for eveeen more balance talismans, mask for blood, chest for jump atack, etc  etc...
I like that people say the fire giant is a hard fight when like 50 feet away from his arena a weapon that disrespects his entire being is
How do u get two of the same wepon ?
8:39 they are looking why you became a bleed user..
good builds do good things man. yeah its busted but if its in the game use it 😅
damn.......this was..... beautiful!  😀
Me out here with dual colossal swords only doing 1.2k per hit and this bleedy boi doing like 2x my damage
2:52 He had 22790 runes, 2:59 after he leaves the tutorial he has the same amount of runes. That is proof he was unable to defeat Rick, Soldier Of God, proving he is the hardest boss.
The meta level is 120. PERIOD.
if your using this build the best way to start a fight is with a jump attack since it hits 4 times, this applies to all dual curved swords
“The strongest build you will ever see” literally has to be on one hit to be a max potential 🙄
Btw for rennala you don’t have to run to the side or dodge or anything. Run straight at her as fast as you can and her comet azur shoots right over you when you stand up against her
If you're running a strength build and don't want to respec to dex, just know you can replace the bandit swords with the beastman's curved swords and it'll scale with strength instead of dex.
Face creation
the fact that you died multiple time with this build is sad
Jesus loves you
I've seen someone run this whilst in my most desprate hour and from that day I swore to never betray my faith in colossal weapons
How did you get Melina's face ? why doesnt PS4 have mods dangit
curved swords are cool but dex? PASS
you can literally do the same amount of dmg with a giant crusher jump attack build :P
to think that godskin duo is only second to elden beast 😂
Just wanted to drop this here for anyone who needs to see it. You can double jump over the fire giants snow sweep.
Why aren’t you using the Raptor's Black Feathers  that buff jump attack  ? I know you don’t stack it up with the claw talisman that buffs jump attack   But since you did 90% of this video with jump attacks   It could work out faster to
Why Mine dose 84 blood loss buildup I'm new to the game😅
Mind you this is the build without 40% of the damage buffs from the helmets
you need to activate the poison. one pot isnt enought at your resistance or immunity or whatever it is
Thank you for thumbnail spoiler. Appreciate it a lot.
There's nothing wrong with using any particular weapons in Elden Ring as long as you're in PVE. It's when you bring the OP/bullshit weapons/builds to PVP that you should be spat upon.
0:12 this is me i think i have an issue i  the elden Lord now i must keep beating over the bosses to keep them in line lest they try and overthrow me
I couldn’t tell, was this done in New Game plus? I don’t recall if Skumnut mentioned that at all in the video. :P
Would it be possible to do this with un-upgraded weapons? I feel like the speed of the bleed proc would still be the same.
Definition of glass cannon…
What’s that weapon called
Malenia in thumbnail, but not in the video? Damn bro how uncivilized.
how do you got the perfect Melina clothes and all athe beginning of the video ? except of mods
Now let's see Paul Allen's build...
it seems like my first playthrough build. XD but i got bored in my second playthrough with the build. (It's too OP) and trying dagger build end up hitting the wall with not enough range to attack and low damage with my random stat. XD
Are you not allowed to use crimson tears when you do a bleed build?
to be honest, this video is super entertaining because he is doing these fights at extremely low vigor and amazing dodges which is honestly super cool in my opinion
Do the scavengers curved swords have the same jump attack? Cause if so they have base bleed, could probably get a bit more out of them
Do you think he knows he isn't getting the buff from the mushroom head? And also that he could have kept hitting one of the Godskins as their death animation played to continue to damage the boss health bar and end the fight in 1 cycle
People play the game with a build this strong then say the game was too easy
Ye bro its op just dont get hit at all easy asf
where was Melina?
Probably will get a lot of flack, but quite literally a piss poor build for someone who claims to be very knowledgeable so I am sure it's very warranted. Radagon and Elden Beast as one example are completely immune to bleed. What does work against Radagon is fire but even more so frostbite for the percentage damage. "Strongest" is way too far of a stretch... strongest builds are defined by how you adapt to each situation, in here it just feels like you are fishing brownie points on YouTube but skill is minimal, kind of like RoB PVP players just spamming one thing.
Why all the hate for a PVE bleed build? Going OP as hell in PVE is fine, and frankly this isn't actually the most broken thing I've seen....
Hoo nose da bewn uv thuh mewn?
INSANE BUILD
Subd and liked. Cool as shit. I keep getting my ass stomped in this game and I'm like 12hrs in...
This whole build kind of looks like a Infinity Blade enemy.
Umm why ya man’s skipped leg day 2:15🗿
Do the red feather add that much damage. What if you had rotted wing and the hand talisman instead. Also since you are doing jump attacks why not throw on that raptor armor.
Да, мэддисон мучался и проходил именно по этому ублюдскому гайду
As soon as I saw 15 vigor, I just stopped watching 😒
Your comments are priceless!
Im pretty sure that Mushroom crown doesnt go off if you arent poisoned all the way
Couldnt you use the tailsman that increases attack power when your hp is at max?
Why do buffed people keep their health so low, is it worth it? What happens if they bring it back up
Does having a high arcane give the build higher damage
My first playthrough I got stuck and decided to focus on my build as samurai class. I find a bleed build guide, retrieve the items and poof game became easy mode. Cast summon to hold aggro and spam corpse piler. Every boss took no more than two attempts and beat the final boss within 2 days. Broke AF
The setup is infinitely longer than the actual boss fights.
First off, Well done therefore Praise the message!  (Gestures Bravo! 👏🏻)
What kind of class is this built? (I’m new to the game)
No, Melina! Don't touch the filthy bleed-build!
BeastMans Curved Swords Are The Best. And Would Do Even More Damage Then The Bandits Curved Sword. And Even The Scavengers.
he muerto levantado, las siguientes generaciones me recordaran como el hombre más grande que fue vetado por la sucia más pequeña
As a person who uses dual bandits heavy curved swords on a str build Tbh I might use this as a joke when I 1v1 my friends
We gonna ignore him beating the shit out of a skeleton at the start 😂
‘Unbalance’… has to play perfect with no heath and prepare the exodia card for some minutes every time
Why use those swords instead of stronger weapons?
Maidenless behavior
I noticed at the start you have Melina's armor with a cape. How does one learn this black magic?
Bleed needs a nerf. Period.
Why do u need the other headdress along with that what does the other weapon do when u take out the flag another question plz what does the poises do
Ok I’m confused. I’m trying to do this build and made my base stats match up to the stats you showed in the video except for the arcane. But when I put on the talismans, they don’t match. What do the stats need to be in order to match the ones you showed on screen? Also it’s making me fat roll. Has this build been patched or something?
I hope they don't patch this for when I'll start playing it
Starts video about killing Malenia. Doesn’t fight Malenia.
there is a better curved sword for bleed you can use to go up to over 2k AR damage (per sword, in my case max 2100x2) without any low health/switch helmet/poison crap :-) also pvp ready without being oneshot by everyone xD
now do that, but with rivers of blood
Make a max level bleed build
Oh yeah? Now go get the Frenzied Flame ending with it.
seems balanced to me they die in one hit you die in one hit
the fact that you still hit like a truck against Radagon and Eldenbeast, shows that the bleeding part of the build isn't that important, at least the bleeding against bosses, and you coald probably do it on anything after stacking those buffs from poison and sepuku bleeding on yourself.
eggcelent video skum
I did not se ant Malenia fight here ??
Why u using green balls to elevate poison ?
how do you get the cape? 0:03
Bleed: gets nerfed  Frostbite: lmao
What was the name of those scimitars again? Uh, asking for a friend :)
1 word "BALANCED"
All you need to do is use 97 buffs and your build will be good...
This is not a strong build. It’s a lot of damage. Not a good build.
I think the damage can be improved with golden vow and the flame buff, right?
Joyous to watch  ,gotta get this build
Why the poison prep?
I like your humor
I have like 3 Seppuku ash of wars, as i duplicated 1 of them on my 1st playthrough, and moved onto NG+. I had intentions of using the skill, but had completely forgotten about them till now hahah. Now that I'm nearing the end of my NG+ playthrough and I'm also near Melania's doorstep, i might as well. See if they're any good with 35 arcane hahah
Nice build Nice build… *But can it beat Soldier of Godrick?!*
This dude sounds like he’s purposefully trying to talk like PenguinZ.
15 vigor🤢🤢🤢
Been running this on my level one but only buff I use is golden vow and flame grant me strength I’m stuck on melania so maybe I should add all the other buffs lol
Not the best bleed weapon use godskin peeler with seppuku
All of these builds are glass cannons as if you get hit even once you are immediately dead
What's in your wondrous physics?
haven't even gotten half a minute into the video, but lemme guess...   bleed?
I want to see this build against the build it’s self
Does this guy know how to dodge
You should try this exact same build but swap the curved swords for the power stance god skin peeler and prepare to be amazed 😂 I've been using it a couple weeks now and can humiliate bosses like this too, sometimes in just one jump attack 😂
No malenia?
Try dual Scavengers Curved Swords with Occult affinity.
SIR! Videos of r*pe is against youtube guidelines! I'ma have to report this video for what you did to Rennala.
I'm using a bleed build, but no where near that strong.
i really hate videos where people just stacked everything before a boss fight . it made it extremely boring . you get one dislike .
4:36 as all things should be
Used this build against radagon w stats better than urs and literally am doing absolutely no damage
I used scavengers curved +25 and 24 and 1 shotted  red wolf of Sarah on on ng+3
Is it better to have 2 swords/katanas with that ash of war or 1 with it and the other being Rivers of Blood? (All maxed swords/katanas maxed out?
AYE, love the yugioh reference
Watch y’all kill these bosses like it nothing then there me struggling 😂 at lvl 50 it heart breaking and this is my first souls game so idk what tf I’m doin
I shoulda gone dex.
how many + games are avaiable ?
Is this build patched?
Impressive, very nice. Now let’s see Paul Allen’s bleed build.
The most insane part of this build is the guy can kill bosses with no damage taken!
Dam if he had moghs great rune so much more dmg
Wait you guys don’t have withdrawals
Damn, and even the fire giant is supposed to be RESISTANT to bleed...
How did he get 150000 runes afyer he killed the tree sentinal.
This is the most balanced bleed build of all time
3:50 moonveil and bleed user
Outro character?
No Radahn?
Why do u use strength in this build?
I don't know if you know this about the  godskin duo ,you can still do damage to the main healthbar by attacking one of the dieing godskins
Mr Bork D
beautiful character. just gorgeous
Couldn't you make this even more OP with raptors black feather armour piece and claw talisman since if you jump and press L1 you hit 4 times
Spawning recusent Bernal makes godskin duo so easy
Holy crap!
Which do you think is better for this? The talisman that increases the damage whenever you hit something consistently, which was the one you showed. Or the claw towels in that boosts your jump attacks
Bro you didn’t even fight malenia.....
"But since I'm at a HIGHER level" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
what if you added the claw talsiman and raven cloak for that extra jump damage?
Scavanger curved sword is 10 Times better bleed weapon and the damage will be doubled
You’re still not hitting as hard as possible lol
Shit build you die in 2 hits
Thanks for this video, This Build carried me out during all late game, Melted bosses bars in seconds, Still melting bars on NG+, Definetly Insane Im so happy I found your vid bro.
I definitely got one shot. health was over 2000. lvl 502. hrs 487:54:15 character name The Man
If it’s bleed I don’t need.
You should atleast,  for fairness, have shown you die to Rennala.  Just saying.   I saw your lost rune marker  5:01
He didn’t fight Millenia
at level 150 you have to throw 2 poop bombs to proc poison on yourself… you threw only one and you did not get poisoned. you have higher resistances at that level because of all the stats. could have done even more damage because the poison talisman didnt activate
Elden ring withdrawals are real!!!!
Pretty sure bleed buildup has a cap, you could probably just make it occult and do it but I’m not sure how to make this most effective as I’m not a bleed user
What’s bout some exalted flesh too? 😌
if you want even more cancer in your life, equip raptors chest increasing jump attack damage
Perfectly Balanced..lololol Ive already built this.. Bleed was 'Balanced' before. .. but Now.. lolololol
'Godskin duo is still annoying'... literally enters the fight with 1hp...
Most entertaining shit I've watched in awhile - good stuff homie, U got a discord community?
Is it the strongest? That is not the question, the question is with this much damage why would you even care, Lol. Thank you very much sir,  I desperately wanted my last character to be a dual wielder and I must say it's the most blissful fun I'm having of all my character builds.
Bleed is the best 👌 in Elden ring
I get doing stuff like this if you're pvping, but in the game I find myself often wanting to fight gimped because I enjoy the fun of gameplay, and trying different builds.
People who run these types of builds in pvp don't deserve to reproduce.
Bleed is so balanced that it's the only effect to actually proc on ghosts. That's fun
I appreciate that you show your deaths.  This game can make you feel like you’re the only one foolish enough to die on the fire giants snow flick 3 times in a row 😆
any bleeding build is boring.
Would have been higher with the jump damage armor.
how do i do this build? can someone help me?
How can I got this build
this build would get one shotted by a level 50 like wut lol that vigor is fked
Omg bro that has got to be the dopest vid I've seen on elden 😂 YOUR A GOD DAMN MONSTER!!!!! I'm doing a poison build with shield and colossal greatsword I thought my build was good until I saw that lol lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How is this lv 1
I don't get the use of the mushroom crown and the anti poison
You do loose the scream buff before the fight even starts tho... if I'm reading the buff icons correctly.
Where did u got that outfit :(
Only if you had more health
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
The stats u showed was that before talisman Sorry I'm new to this and I was just wondering
Bro you are quite literally a glass cannon. A wolf could fart on you and you’d die 😂😅
Please explain how you applied buffs and weaponry while seemingly restarting the game over from the first boss.
Radagon? More like radaGONE
He's roasting bleed and moonviel users Me : running rivers of blood on the right hand and moonviel on the left 😵
You could I guess add the Raptor armor for those times you do jump since in the video you had no armor ever :)
Strongest build????? Kinda weird. I can 1 shot the elden beast with full health and without a massive setup
Saapookoo lol
Buffing takes longer then the fight
Like as if other builds aren’t op. I know bc my character for NG pluses can use any weapon. I mean anyone can use 6 buffs with the right talisman and one shot in this game
I’m 176 and I have like two builds I switch off from I use magic: comet and comet azur & and bloodhound curvsword maxed. Really good mix of range and heavy damage and also bleed  I also made a new bleed class where my two weapons each have 102 blood loss.  But using bleed against a enemy that can’t  bleed is a slap in a face, so I’d say for late game players try and have two classes where your skilled at and levels up correctly at the ready cause there is that one enemy that’s resistant to bleed, sorcery, holy damage and it’ll screw you  up.
Bro I got two weapons to where there bleed is 102 each !!!
Where are the kills for magma wyrm and the last boss? Why cut after first death unlike with others that killed you?
pve lol
I think this is new game plus guys
I feel so much hate as a moonveil wielder lol just cause i like a Dex Int build im the most hated out here why
Could’ve added raptors feathers cloak for jump damage boost
Bleed SHALL not be patched
Whats the point in the roped fetid pot then clensing? What does that do?
The final 2 bosses cant bleed lol
Awesome video, especially for crediting the original video. 🇺🇸
Why didn't you fight Malenia???? He too scared 😂😂😂
You can use the perfumers shield that buffs attack and gives shield so you’re not worried about getting 1shot
I'm trying to do this but somethings not working - I'm having trouble following the order you do stuff in.  I've got all the same gear and talismans on but when I do the 1st sepukku I don't lose near as much life as you do, I barely lose 10% yet you loose like 90%...what am I doing wrong? ;
Do you play on Xbox I’m really trying to make a fun build
How can i get this pants pls ? What’s the name about his pants ?
Bros travel was longer then actually fighting
I respect the gold Godfrey battle. the dodging was amazing and the fight looked amazing
Anyone else beat the game at an extremely low lvl by casually playing or just me
how many hits does the jump L1 do?
Angry Ranni Waifu ;)
today was the day i learned radahn was optional
How do you play with out that awful controller delay???
How do we get the items you need to complete this build while still being level one? You have to have somebody gift them too you? And then how do you have your stats that high at level one in order to use those items.
Sir Gideon the All Coping
Ay but what happens with mimics tear +10
Freakshow smh
0:17 how do you get the armor?
Why don't you heal?
U should change your name to Sukmunut
What were the consumables you taking and is there a special order ?
That's so nutty. I admire how much effort, planning and strategy people put into these insane builds in games. I never have the patience to sit and tinker. Crazy though watching all the steps needed to get it to function.
THIS VIDEO!!! I SAW IT BEFORE IN A DREAM!
No the game is so boring it’s already stale
you should bind your flasks to the Y + D-Pad menu, like torrent, easier access
How do u get melinas cloak? , mine has no cloak ahhahaa
Why neutralizing boluses green stuff?
Lol build sucks There are builds that do practically that but you aren’t not a one shot all the time. Overrated
Buffing takes longer than the fight
One mis click and you’re dead build lol
I think it should be mentioned that Godfrey ISNT EVEN WEAK TO FUCKING BLEED.  Bruh.
This build is really strong. But what is the purpose of a glass canone when the player can't dodge properly like me? You definitely have practiced a lot to avoid getting one shot by all the end game bosses. Such a build only works in the hands of an excellent player. Thanks for this enterteining video!
maybe this is some hidden easy mode without having them to put an entry in the menu to select easy
How do you use ash of war on both left and right hand swords?
True maidenless behaviour
😂 well someone found my build
Meta isn't 150... Also, you aren't applying poison to yourself. You're getting it within one tick of actually applying.
god, as a bleed build main, you truly are used the devils spawn, the secret 8th sin id never touch
man we need more games like elden ring, you know... a completed game on release
Even u were no match for the soldier of godrick
Is there PvP don’t want to be spoiled .. xD what would be the anti dot to this build? A fast magician?
Make the background music STOP!!!!!
im still using 2 blasphemous blades because it makes me feel like a chad
i wanna see this build in pvp
it seems like equipment is more important than stats in this game
It’s not that op he never went against melania
Why do you never have full health?
Those rolls are a thing to behold!
What’s your attributes look like
there was a dude in pvp yesterday who buffed TF out of himself, and then instagibbed me with dual bleed swords in a single running attack (and I had 20% dmg negation talisman and full bull goat armor on)
I'm stuck on the elden beast at lvl 214 with soft capped vigor at 60. Should I rune farm till a higher level and hope I can ramp up my bleed damage? Or try this build they had in the video?
how can I get to the Spot with amazing background?
“Bleed is perfectly balanced”
Wait I’m kinda new to this does it matter what class u pick or like I gotta be wrench
How are you bleeding a ghost?
And these people in PvP get mad at me for using chain casting
I need a good radagon/elden beast build, I'm pulling my hair out over this boss
I see you have died a lot during this playthrough lol. I see rune recovery everywhere 🤣🤣.
15 vigor lvl 150🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
i now realize that i am a cancer to the elden ring community with me using moonviel then instantly to Rob blood bleed build after i get it now i must face my consequences and finish ng+ with only a bow and arrow
My flesh was dull gold, and my blood...rotted.    I am Malenia, Blade of Miquella.      And I have never known defeat.
When a build takes more time to buff than fight its a shit build.
I'm trading dark moon greatsword + 9, bastard's stars, prelate's inferno crozier, loretta's war sickle and uchigatana +25 for a white mask helmet   PLAYSTATION
this is actually only like half of what this build is capable of
The fact he wasn't healing bugged me idk if he specifically did that to make it a no damage taken challenge?
Bro don't act like you didn't die fighting Renala, we see those lost runes 😂
That beginning is accurate for me. Only thing I play anymore
what sword is this asking for a friend
P E R F E C T L Y   B A L A N C E D
If u have to use buffs its not a build.
I already had some good blood build, all I did was allocate my ruin point properly and voila, beat him in 1st try .........after 5 days trying to beat him of course
can you heal yourself after all the seppuku and shit?
Am confused to how u started with all those items that quick
how can u have 2 sword of the same .duped?
Why not use the jump attack stuff too? You get way more hits and proc bleed 2x faster like that.
What character base do i use
One of the strongest builds…..Just one of them.  Magic is still broken in ELDEN RING.
Bleed is cancer and horrible
I just love how Godfrey his spirit just emotes when he dies
This man must be on PC because bosses will straight snap to me on playstation regardless of if it was physically possible.
Why do you keep your hp low?  Nothing in your build requires it
Where do you get the bandit swords?
O look another broken bleed build 🥱🥱🥱
Soldier of Godrick was too difficult that’s why he isn’t in the video
no malenia? 0/10
Wow, 37 seconds for Malenia on a RL1. As someone with over 200kc at RL150 I’ve only had 2-3 groups I’ve been with get a time even close to this. Granted some other good runs may have been lost due to host dying to Scarlet Aeonia, but still. I think my fastest clear was still like 43 seconds, with 3 freaking glass cannon builds all going HAM on her. I hope my RL1 attempt goes 1/8 as good as that when I fight her.
Ive seen a more powerful build in the Elden ring God videos. Get to max level on this build and compare the damage.
What armor set is that with the black cloak at the very beginning of the video?
very well balanced ehehehehh
What physick did u use?
This game is a bit ridiculous, i mean its cool and all that we have many options, but its realy "soul of let me use every buff possible in the game for 5 minutes before i enter the boss room and then will one shot him" Season 1 of this anime coming this summer !   Seriously its a bit dumb to spend so much time using 3-4-5-10 boost and then going in
Why didn't you fight Milennia?
Only the Elden Beast was Immune to this Build Wow. Hora Loux Bleed hard.
Wow 70 Dex thats A LOT.
whats up with the low hp u can drop RED-FEATHERED BRANCHSWORD and easy replace it with RITUAL SWORD TALISMAN, yes u lose 10% damage but u are at max health, but here is a full buff with flame give me strenght Physical Damage +20% with is allready 10% more damage then what u have at low health and add golden vow on top to increase Damage +15% All Damage Negation +10% and command standard Damage +20% All Damage Negation +20% thats 25% exstra damage u are wasting by not doing a simple buff routine, beside if u land in pvp u know how it feel with 15 vigor and get 1 shot by a light attack
What's wrong with using moonveil? Is it frowned on?
This game though
Finally beat the godskin duo with your stat recommendations! Thank you brother!!!!
Whats the point of the self poisoning?
Bold statement, the strongest ever to be seen? Hmm... I'm intrigued, go on..
You can also use scavenger curved sword
You lived by your name, you did the scum run and the nut run
8:39 got me dead😂😄
Fuck bleed. Wtf is FromSoft smokin
What's wrong with you heal
has anyone else had the chance to listen to the rivers pvp scrubs talk about just how well balanced bleed dmg is? blissful lol
i started as a samurai but respec'd halfway thru to strength, how come u can bleed ghost godfrey that's fucked lmao
Why Varre’s white mask?
So, I gave this a shot after seeing this video. As you sarcastically say "fair and balanced"....not. I chewed up Malenia with these at +19 on NG+. I was pretty stunned considering my first play through even with RoB I had so many deaths lol.
I’m confused so when you stab you self you do it two times with the same sword or are you doing it with both swords
Throw in a Flame Grant Me Strength?
LMAO THE PETA LINE WAS EVEN BETTER
The sarcasm got me to sub
Lmao the exodia line tho
Impressive, let’s see Paul Allen’s build
Please can someone tell me what all the buffs were that he used please
Bro really took someone else’s build, mocked it for being bleed, made it 25 levels higher than the meta while calling it meta level, and made a video…
Worst build I've ever seen
15 vigor are you kidding me.
You have the worst mono toned voice I have ever heard
This was a waste of time
I love Eleonora's! It stun locks EVERYTHING!!!!
Your aren't level 1. Funny as shut people are oh I'm lvl 1 there's now fucking way you get all that lvl1 stop making shit up to get follows
Anime pfp detected. Opinion, defied.
I've seen a lvl 120 build doing more damage
South park meme: "Look, a boss"..."And it's dead"
Nice try
Where did you go do grind those runes?
Can you make a character creation tutorial on your guy
It is balanced and fair. You aren't even really level 1 if you have 70 dex. That is a wretch at 164.
Bleed builds getting to ego and rush me -_- me with two massive hammers hits a one shot on them :)
Your health bar gave me severe anxiety. But bravo ( ﾉ ﾟｰﾟ)ﾉ
Seppuku scales with arcane. That's why scavenger's curved swords with arcane scaling would be even better.
This build is better than Rivers of Blood?
imagine the mimic summon with this build lol
How did u get 2 of those swords
Can you do a video without the weapon mod
No Malenia ?
Man's putting shit tons of buffs and ironically says 'perfectly balanced bleed'... smh
You can make glass cannon builds in literally every soulsbourne game and they're all stupid op not saying that it's not crazy but they way you continually reiterate "fair and balanced" is goofy this is literally a feature for people to decimate the game you should look up the bloodborne stake drive glass cannon built it could literally one shot bosses it was insane
I imagine Mohg sitting back watching this with a tear in his eye. "But...I.....I'm supposed to be the lord of blood...it's supposed to be me!!!!!"
why dont you heal?
Based Melina character
How'd you get that Melina face? Mod or character customisation?
Can someone explain to me whats the deal with the poison buff?
You clearly skipped the part about the soldier of godrick seeing how it is the hardest boss of the game
What is the flag you wave before you  fight and what does it do
Imagine taking this into pvp and they let you do all your buffs and then hit you with law of regression.
Hey can anyone guide me trough all the buffs needed i only catch some, preferably in the correct order, so what i got was, commander standard, then seppuku both weapon, poison behind while wearing shroom head, then switch to white mask, bloodboil aroma, then what? If you want to add anything thats not in the video feel free to do so but currently asking for what was specifically in the video
Your commentary is golden! 😂
Put on ocult, it will do more bass damage and you’ll shred bosses faster
Btw you can block the fire giants snow attack. It is 100% physical damage, nothing else so it wont bleed through your shield.
*Me, a person who wants to play the game but dont want to get streesed out* Why is he stabbing himself?  *Destroy that one boss* So thats why.
Now try Rykard
I'm fairly new to the game and soul series, can someone kindly explain whay are those buffs and how to get it?
This is NOT the strongest bleed build.  Dump the bandit sword and grab 2 scavengers and slap occult. Pump up arcane.  White mask and raptor black feather.  Claw talisman, Prosthesis, Rotten sword, Exaultation.  I dropped 20k damage on godfrey second phase in about 3 seconds.
I just started elden ring 4 days ago and I’m so confused why people hate the moonveil…
Where was Malenia?
1:35 its my firm belief that youtubers cant read
It's all right bud I used to justify my ridiculous game time by saying most of it was AFK time >.>
I must admit, it is fun to experiment with builds, and that is a good build. But, and it's a big butt. Where is the fun of running through the game if all you do is basically one shot everything? It gets boring after a while in my opinion.
F U Radabum,,,, 🤣🤣🤣
Probably still on your first playthrough. Try it on your 5th run like me. Youll see the damage is not the same and im like 400 something
“Even with this build godskin duo was hard” has 15 vigor
Imagine doing all that prep just to get hit with law of regression
I see nothing wrong here, just an incredible player having a good time
You lost your 800k souls on fire giant 😢
how do you get the cape on the traveler's set? cheats?
U died against rennala first phase :||||
You can do this build with raptor black feather chest piece
Need a damn macro for that setup... Holy shit. It takes longer than the fights itself! LOL
These builds are cool and all.but take the fun put of the fight invasions now a days are l the same afk farmers or people just doing this I miss the long drawn out fight and skill between combatants not spamming L2 to win all you noobs to the darksouls series has ruined this new game
For some reason this build did no damage for me
Little cheater u lp and mp are always on the same low stand..... but instead the arc still works different weapons.....till elden beast.
Dude my bluray player on my PS5 broke a month ago.. so I'm stuck in the safe mode loop... is this what withdrawls feel like? Lol
1. millicent and rotten stack 2. most dps ist jump attack only (wich apperantly you leaned during the playthrough but never mentioned it)    really bad "guide"
best elden ring content creator
On a separate note, that melina outfit kinda fire with the cape, lowkey hope that becomes dlc or something
Dude you look just like melina dope
Depends on how you define strongest. Highest damage build? Yeah. But balance/survivability/practicality nope, not even close. As much as bleed/seppuku is overpowered, it doesn't work in some cases. Also vs just normal monsters without the buffs and with such low defense is a recipe for disaster. I prefer dual wield that relies on raw and stacking % Atk buffs with rotten winged insignia. It works in all scenarios.
How'd he do sepoiku on both weapons?
Good work sir, OP build.
Full of s***
That build don't work
Perfectly balanced as all thing should be.
I cant seem to find the armor with the cape 0:00
Amazing
could have used raptor feathers on the chest
Exul-tation.... Learn to read. You speak for your profession. This is important.
What’s in your mixed Physik brother
how do you double seppuku? im on ps4
Hey, noob player here, but why must you put on the mushroom crown to prep buffs? does it do something cool? im very unfamilliar with most items still, and i just beat morgot in leyndell
„The Strongest Build in Elden Ring you will ever see“. Laser Beam Builds: Hold my Beer
9:35  You know you can attack the corpses before despawning for extra damage, right?
does anyone know if he’s playing with NG+
1. Won't this build work without low health?  2. Won't this work if any armor is equipped?
Everything is op and broken on new game 1 especially bleed wait till you get to new game 7
Crack version how can i get this mask guys anyone has idea??
i keep hearing godskin duo was one of the harder fights in the game but i beat that one first try with no issues... No summons either. Dual crucible knights on the other hand is the hardest boss in the game in my opinion, just past malenia. had to use summons and still took a few tries.
What are the swords, and how do you get the bleed?
I mean there are still optimizations to be made like with the soreseal, just get to the appropriate level and you free up a talisman and you should put on golden vow and flame grant me strength and when buffing throw on kindred rot's exultation. But really for the actual fight switch the soreseal for millicent's prosthesis and the rottend sword insignia for the sword insignia (switch to rotted in NG+). Or instead of the prothesis have the ravenclaw talisman and ravens feathers chest piece and use jump attacks. This is an absurd build as is but you're not getting the most out of it.
Someone’s already made a video about This build but  If you use this the game will be a bit boring since there’s no challenge
I have yet to see a "strongest build" video without using bleed
you should try out 2x grossmesser and i'd use both talismans from milicent instead of fighting low hp with the low hp talisman. combine that with a jump attack in which you do like 6 hits at once and you are set to demolish
Would love to see a break down on the items and where to get them
Bleed really is crazy. I'm on NG+ and my dual +25 Uchigatana's with Seppuku are outrageously OP
the tree sentinel gave me more grief than any of the other bosses... something in my soul really enjoyed you melting his face so easily
Now imagine if you added Raptor's Black Feathers and enhanced your jump attacks lol. I started off as a bleed build and ended up re-speccing because I was disgusted with myself xD
Okay. So the clothes he’s wearing in the beginning of the video, is that a mod or something ?
Question: Why would meta level be considered 150 if the level cap is at 713?
That shit is not balanced
I really should upgrade my arcane, lvl 270 I think and only 30 arcane.
7:00 why don’t people just roll through that attack? It’s REALLY easy to do
What’s in the mixed physick?
For real though. Draconic sentinels can F OFF. One of the worst times I had in the game.
I dont understand radagons soreseal arnt there any other options like fyns ring
No Malenia fight :(
this game plus
This is the Elden Ring whole game cheese
Me too bro
Fire giant tip, you double jump on your horse for the snow fling.
Why do your frames drop so crazy?  I have this on PS4 and my super computer.  On my pc...it obviously is maxed...but even on PS4 it only drops when there is a ton of enemies.  It's whatever though.
Scumballs...I like your style....like ur style. Stile of urs I is lyke.  Lyks is ru styile.
Can I Change the red feathered branchsword talisman for something else? I am Higher level that put a lot more on HP so it doesnt makes sense using it
commander's standard ran out before you even made it to him, so it actually wasnt doing much lmfao dont need it to make this build OP
Malenia in thumnail but mo malenia, booooo
Can you not heal after all buffs? Or you just staying at low health for our entertainment? 😎
So what exactly does dex do because mine is low but my strength is like 50?
The most OP glass Canon build known
Why does you character remind me of Akaza Upper Rank 3
I played like this in my NG. But with Occult Scavenger Curved Swords and 80 Arcane. To be honest, it was nice in 3 person co-op. But it was way to OP in single play. I never even saw 2nd phase of some major bosses.
Absolutely trash weapons in comparison to godskin peeler powerstance with seppuku and bleed affinity, do a jump attack it hits 4× and triggers bleed 2-3 times in one jump attack depending on resistance..... depending on the health as bleed is % based damage you could be hitting upwards of 12k and that's without all the poison gimmicky tricks with the mushroom helm.
As someone who tries to get summoned a lot it feels like a lot of people running bleed builds seem to be lacking in the most important things; actually investing levels in vigor and knowing how to dodge, yeah they _can_ melt stuff but they tend to die to the stupidest stuff, almost instantaneously.
run scavanger curve sword with the same setup and add the crow feathers armor to it will make it more OP , no need to to for minium HP , thank me later
I didn’t know you could have so much stamina at level 1
I love how he is making fun of how unbalanced this build is but the amount of skill it takes to survive on no hits is absoutely insane.
Elden Ring players when they realize memorizing their abusive fathers attack pattern won't save them
Aha! Finally I used a build before anyone on YouTube, the amount of bleed you get on those curved swords is insane
Yeah...... The balance in this game is a joke; always has been
Strongest build? Boy you will get murdered in 1 hit
I was using a mega cinderblock on a stick build for maliketh ng+ But I got pissed cuz he kept jumping away before I could hit him so I decided to respec back to my godskin peelers with seppuku 3 jump attacks
This is actually the build ive been using since the start of the game, I cant believe others have found it
Wtf is going on lol
This is like a iceglasscanon
"the fact that you can use this build at level one" - bruh, you are level 150 with an art you can only get from the second last zone
holy shit its pvp
Try new game +5 6 and 7
What skill is it where you stab yourself and get bleed or whatever it gives you.
New Game+ btw
I hate the foreskin duo
Sellsword winblade vibes
11:58 I love how he already knew when his second attack was coming
Bad players on their way to say this is incredibly fair and balanced and that they are having fun 2 shotting bosses
pls use more adds
Nahhhhh bleed is worse than moonveil
I don't think the Rotten Winged Sword Insignia is doing much work for you since you don't stack that many hits, how about Blue Dancer or Claw Talisman since you're doing a lot of 2x2 jump attacks?
This the build that says "If they gonna one shot me anyway, why not one shot them back ?"
Since you’re taking the mushroom crown off, doesnt it take off the ar buff it gave you since you dont have it on anymore? Also, does upgrading the commanders banner weapon thingy actually increase the buff, or no?
“GG fire giant, FUCK YOU” 🤣🤣
0/10 where’s the +10 mimic tear
If I see someone running this in pvp I’m just gonna give up lol, there’s no point
I dismount the horse to dodge the snow
Why not use the armor that increases jump damage?
What’s the thing he’s doing with the mushroom head and the pot?
The Melina skin on the larger character model is so cursed lmao
The way this man read the attacks. Like how tf do you remember all of these bosses attacks I just roll forward or backwards when their going to attack. Maybe I’ll jump but that’s not till I die 20 times 😂
6:42 "let him get up, let him get up"
If you jump and hit L1 its 4 hits- damn nut, this is nasty
0:05 for a second I thought u were gonna reverse swan dive off the cliff
The only thing that can compete with bandits curved swords are god skin peelers pretty much the same build try it out just get ravens black feathers and claw talisman
Should I get elden ring tmr?
"Ex-Zul-Tation"
I wished there was an op build without buffing at all ahha
What’s wrong with moonveil? 😢
Let's see Malena and Radahn with that.
Vigor ._.
Bloodtinge, anyone?
Been running dual nobles slendor sword blood. Bloodhound step on right seppuku on left. 110 blood proc on each
I love how he gotta do a ritual before every fight
Fun fact: I'm in new game +5 and it still decimates
You shouldda used the crow cape lmao  those jump attacks would be even crazier
By the time you used all your buffs, i would have already killed the boss by just using golden vow and comet azur
I still don't understand the point of poisoning himself with the poison throwing pot and then immediately curing the poison
This build is amazing well done
You’re a piece of shit YouTuber like wtf fok dis build
Plus raptor cloak… OP
I'm a little lost here, not gonna lie. Why do you always have such low HP and what's going on with the Mushroom Helm/Bolluses when you're buffing
seems Fair  -vWalking (a bleed user)
Have a simular build but it’s just this but better
“Oh, this man’s not ready…”  Dies instantly…  “Oh he was ready!”
Doesn’t make the game fun
Completely balanced 👍
How to Do sepuku on both weapons ? I just kick if I try it on the other
Too much stuff to use before a fight, works well for boss fight, but too much nonsense for regular gameplay, free roam, dungeon crawling ... Passives are much better, dont have to constantly buff yourself and weapons ... This is how well your relying on buffs works https://youtu.be/87OxRTDblqA
Fuck you for clickbaiting
Ur honestly really good at the game as well let’s not take that away from you
For some reason i did this exact thing with even more levels and didn't do nearly as much damage
When I see 15 in Vigor I know this build will be godly
Whats the Wondrous Physick combo?
I just made one of the most powerful blood builds I think in the game. Just tap the L1 button once and do a jump attack you’ll do 7,212 and it keeps going up the more you kill
Hai sir..i am from malaysia.. Can u explain what function arcaner to up? This for damage or what?U damage is damm.. I am new soul game.. Tq sir
I feel like saying strongest build should imply that you are not a dragon fly tap away from death.
what's on the wonderous flask
it would be stronger with a rune.
Dude that’s insensitive. I’m a crackhead
Jumping attcs should be nerfed. There’s no point of using any other physical move in current game
And here I was using these swords with occult and seppuku for arc scaling because they do natural bleed and it would be better for enemy’s that don’t bleed, as well as talismans and a cracked tear that boost jumping attacks and successive attacks and I still can’t do this much 😂💀 I thought I had the best build 😭
I can appreciate that while your using a cheese build, at least you still exemplify skill.  Unlike 99% of the people that beat the game with these types of builds
All these bitches moaning about bleed builds lol...It's like the weapons and items shouldn't be used by anyone because these bitches say so...So why are they in the game ? Frost builds are as effective plus 90% of enemies in game are effected by bleed or frost...That's From Software's fault not players. It's only pussy pvp players who get their asses kicked by bleed builds who moan why pvp and pve should be seperate.
Fun fact: the Radagon and Elden Beast fights were without Bleed procs because they are immune to Hemmorage, the damage that is done when Bleed maxes out. So he was just straight up smacking them with swooshy swords lol.
Tutorial on how to make elden ring boring
i think it would use blood hound step on the right hand the extra bleed from double supuku prob dose not make that much of a difference and if you use both rotten winged sword plus milicent pors you could stack the damage increase from them both
Honestly, my dual-wielded colossal weapons + all applicable buffs from talismans do essentially the same thing. They tore through Radagon on my very first playthrough without any real struggle at all.
Wouldn’t the claw talisman be good here since you are adding jump attacks? Would increase damage a lot more
Actually impressed here lol
Do buffs transfer to mimic? If so just do this.
Does it work on ceos
I love how people say this game is too hard… okay what’s this then? It’s almost like it’s easy, huh, well ig this proves this game doesn’t need an easy mode
pros:                    cons: bleed                   you are the one getting one shotted one shot
nothing is wrong with using a bleed build, just saying.
I'm sorry for this dumb question but so I see you using to bleed elements on your weapons does that actually increase the blood damage or just increase the bleed rate? Like say you use one bleed weapon that has over 100 bleed on it with another weapon having like 100 poison would that sacrifice the bleed damage?
This build is cool, but I feel like there's a misunderstanding of its power. You can only make use of this build if you're already insanely good at the game. For most players, like myself, the fact that you can't take a hit means this is like dreaming about a world that'll never be.
0:39 More important than the build, I want to know your Melina character creation options.
It is balanced. Who uses all those buffs and play with no health? Stop making From nerf everything.
So can you not heal for this build to be at this level?
"Ex-ul-tay-shun"
This is hilarious and deeply satisfying; starting off with a proper gape job on that grafted c*nt was perfect.
That’s ridiculous. 😂
It took me on my first try to beat the duo skin 😂 not proud of it but I’m a magic user 💀
Ah yes the 15 vigor meta is strong with this one
which is better for this build: 80 Arcane & Occult or 70/60 Dex/arc & Bleed? Still struggling with this age old question...
Very impressive !!
Most people's idea of perfectly balanced would be killing yhorm the giant in each ng+ in Ds3 with the ithiril strait sword because no one told you about the special weapon designed to kill him......
Oh yeah, this Totally Based and Balanced Bleed Build will definitely enrage the salty PvP players. Oh yeah baby.
What’s wrong with Moonveil
not bad tho kid
eh mines better....double twin blade with the jump and bleed stacks kills all the bosses in 2 jump L1s instead of 3 lol
Funny stuffs.
Bleed is pretty insane, but how does bleed come into play on the Radagon/Elden Beast fight? Since they're not affected by bleed? Seemed like you were still doing a ton of damage regardless.
Easy mode??
Somebody should do a surge o flame only run
I think you're in a different position than the average player though, for example the Red feather Branch sword boosts attack power by 20% when health is low. You clearly have enough skill to play the game with low health, most people do not, most people aren't going to switch hats and poison themselves for the extra 10% either, the average bleed user throws up a couple faith buffs,  maybe stabs themselves, and that's it. Don't get me wrong, bleed is still the most powerful that I've seen, but most bleed users are not going to get the same crazy damage you are.
Club weapon only run
Doesn't the mushroom crown work only when the poison status effect procs ? U gave urself poison but poison never procced... Ive never used the crown so idk but that was my impression
how u get bandit blood curved sword
it's videos like these that make me realize I'm fucking everything up in real life AND videogames.   Fantastic.
If he used the raptors black feathers chest piece, replaced radagons soreseal with claw talisman then proceeded to do a jump attack which also does 4 hits just like the run strike, wayyy more damage.
YOUR CHARACTERS ARE CURSED
lol The build DPS is crazy, but with that little bit of health left I definitely die a lot. How does it work against gargoyles and such though since they're not really bleedable?
You watch a lot of Moist Critical huh
Make a new video already
Actually speaking as a first timer at pvp the best thing you can do with this game is delete it. Pvp realistically is actually broken afk farmers everywhere get third partied people never follow rules. I beat the game 4 times and only used rivers of blood and dual bloodhound fangs and dual curved beastmans swords with all the meta bleed buffs so I was a melee player reached level 370 and got bored sick of getting frustrated at things that aren’t even real this game is a master of wasting you’re time it was fun for a bit then I lost a lot of friends and gained weight due to this game don’t forget to enjoy life this is all artificial technology we were born here to be in touch with the huge rock we live on not you’re keyboard and mouse
i seen a better one
Thumbnail clickbait
Where did you get that cloak? It looks cool
I don't know how you would work it, but it'll be cool to know what talismans the community use.
Y no health potion
its nowhere near the strongest build ive ever seen haha. more elden ring lies as per usual. if you add milicents prosthesis and the claw talisman, flame grant me strength and golden vow + thorny cracked tear and change your weapon affinity to occult and apply sepuku to them you'd literally be doing twice the damage. nice try with the clickbait though.
Sorry to say skumnut. But I think Ketzon and his one shot build is a little bit better. (It one shot Malenia first phase and two shot second.)
mimic will be insane with this
Keep in mind that many end game bosses like radagon and elden beast cannot even bleed
Whats the outro song
But. You didn't finish.
I still don't think you can take on Soldier of Godrick with this build.
the fact that elden beast is literally fucking immune to bleed and this guy was still doing 4,500 damage easy...god DAYUM
Is this better than arcane build / same weapons? anyone compares?
As soon as I see a video that shows anything about Elden Ring I get the crack head itch too.  You're definitely not alone lol
Strongest glass cannon…
This video right here, officer! Funny how you skipped Soldier of Godrick. Guess even a perfectly balanced bleed build is no match for this menace.
these button layouts are chaotic!! Do you have any remaps for elite controller?
How do you get it?? I just got the game nd i wanna fight every boss rn
You know when you make these click bait videos, shit gets nerfed.
Would this be significantly better than double reduvia?
This guy sounds like Cr1tikal on drugs and I love it.
This right here is no clickbait op. Unlike a bunch of other yt videos
glass cannon mentality
Why he didn’t fight Radahn?
4:04 "he couldn't even ......" Shh shhh shh he kill you before, there are your runes on floor 😅 you couldn't even kill him at first try
your so funny man, you got at "F#ck you looking at" you just gained another sub :)
Wouldn't twin blades be better at jump attacks? Six hits instead of four.
Moist vibes
We all know you partake in the Elden Crack laced with Ratatouille entrails
The nerf bat is winding up for this one so damn hard....I'll truly never understand why FromSoft nerfs strong ass builds 🤣 yet Strength builds don't get much love at all, its always the damn mage builds
Incorrect. This is not the strongest build. You might have some significant damage but you are missing the most crucial part of any good build. Frisbees.
What set are you wearing at the start of the video??
Knees weak, vomit on his sweater already from mom’s spaghetti P.s. lesser men just arnt ready
for an all knowing guy its kinda suspicious lmao
Mf said 150 was meta. There’s like 15 people playing at 150. All online “meta” builds are 120-125: sometimes 135 so they can play with 125 and 150x    Crack heads that can’t win play at 150 what the fuck.
For a build inspired from a guy 1v1ing Malenia, it's ironic you didn't go to fight her.
Use a health flask! You die and ask why, the reason why is because you start the fight with 7hp. It shouldnt bother me so much, but from the very start i noticed you'd use seppuku, lose heath, then just walk into a fight like that. Thats like drinking a 6pack of 9% double ipas on an empty stomach with no water and wondering why your hung over the next day. Descent video tho. I gave it a thumbs up.
I saw that death drop rune thing in Renala’s room I know you took two tries for her lol
Bleed Build?  no skill ahead..
There is no way this don't get patched right?.....right?
I know we are all making jokes about how unbalanced bleed is, but to be fair if you get hit once you're dead as well so the glass cannon imo is perfectly fair. More so than Moonveil spam instant stagger BHS user at least.
cringe
you have no clue what balance is. so stop talking like you do.
It's perfectly balanced they can't take more than 10 hits from you and you can't take a hit from anything.
9:25, when he completely decimates one and he just falls to his knees 😭
That's a lot of buffs and pots for a level 1....  Oh and the great rune... Should I queue the Trololol song?
The easy mode is already there 🤣
Whats good man. Come help me with some of these bosses dude
This build is not working for me I keep dying constantly to mobs because my health has to be so low. I don’t know about this. Also I think your health is so low that you can’t even summin the mimic
How do you both infuse them with seppuku?
What’s wrong with using Moonviel😅
Well. It’s good for a start build. But my endgame Sorcerer melted Elden Beast in 2 seconds by spamming Meteorite at point blank range. 😂
Does anyone know the name of the outro music
If you used the Juno attack it hits 4 times very quickly and with jump damage ruins it's even better.
how u playin as melina in the beginning
This is the type of build Regression was built for.
Lol this is cute I have blood build that hits for 65k + and got a video on my channel to prove it ...
I still think you have some of the best dialogue with your videos. Thank you!   Sadly, I feel like a loser after watching this video.  Being stubborn, I purposely did not put anything into Arcane while building my nagging, completion committed character.  I went 81 in Faith with some points in Strength, Dexterity and Intelligence to handle a few weapons and armor.  No bleed for me!  I might have finished the game 3x faster if I had joined the club.
Btw this build basically sums up Elden Ring and I’m not talking about the bleed build, but about having to buff your character up a million times before every fight. I have a level 250+ poise build with Bull Goat armor, health talismans, etc. and I still have to buff my character up with Golden Vow, Protection of, Blessing of Erd, etc. I’m on Journey 4 for that build and decided to make a new build, it started as a Mage build build but everything basically one shot me and casting speed is slow, I don’t feel like using a millions buffs. I miss the souls games to where I didn’t have to buff my character a million times just to fight. I could do maybe a couple and fight, or even fight without a buff maybe just a weapon buff/grease.
Boy
If you think about it, and the story, then this is likely how you’re supposed to play the game lol. You’re a tarnished, a mere human, fighting demigods. So, the whole time you’re basically one HP against them/one hit from death, and the only way to kill them is all these buffs and this insane bleed build that most of them are weak against. Batman don’t fight Superman without Kryptonite.
12:44 Here's the real insanity, Radagon and Elden Beast are both immune to bleed.
theres a better one its also bleed except it does more base damage with less buffs
is the bandit sword the best for this?
150 is meta level? Lol 😂
Let me guess…bleed?
You know it kinda annoys me with all these YouTubers *always* shit talking bleed builds I get it It's broken But you don't need to make people who do use bleed feel like they're the most evil players in existence (Although I do hate Rivers of Blood users that *only* spam the weapon art) So can we just calm down about bleed please?
How you putting that buff on both swords as I try do this but it don’t work?
Dude you should try dual wield twinblades. If you wield the regular Twinblades with the Twinned knight swords they hit like at least 4 times (but I think it might hit 6 or even 8 times) on a single jump attack. Easy 1 proc on anything.
How can i use both Seppuku at one? Can get it…
This is amazing😳👌. But only for skill player. One hit and die. I like it🙃✌️
150 is not meta level, 125 is
You could have also added wondrous physick with the thorny cracked tear to buff your successive attacks
thank god some bosses are immune to bleed in this game
Isn’t the scavenger curved swords better then these?
What's that flag that you do early in the battle?
Completely balanced :D Could add the Raptor Feathers for extra fairness.
Can’t believe they haven’t nerfed bleed yet.
With the horrendous drop rate of the bandit curved swords this build aint even doable!  Been farming these boney fucks for 7 hours & only got the shield from the other skeleton & bone dust or w.e it is from them!
As a moonveil user, I'm offended
That with mimic would be insane
Imagine with a plus 10 rivers of blood in one hand
I'm going to save this for later
15 VIGOR HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAAHHAHA
at least in this game there's an ending for maidenless people that use bleed builds.
I saw those deaths runes in renala’s room… must not be an op build if you die to her right?
Should've used the White mask while using Seppuku so that it would give you the damage buff from the mask and the talisman before even attacking the boss.
Wow this seems like a completely normal and perfectly balanced build
Very Nice!!
My guy is living in the past 😂 Moonveil was nerfed 2 months ago
jump attack version of that build is even more nasty. 4 hits before hitting the ground from the jump attack.
would raptor cloak help with those jumping attacks, even more damage
respect to the exodia reference
you get my like for "Great Value Godfrey"
That frame drop is so annoying on PC...seems to happen at some really bad times as well. lol Way to work through it!
https://youtu.be/uSVXJdCP4eU  Found your next challenge build lol (Fire’s deadly sin + Briar (thorn) Armor)
You never poisoned yourself fully so rip 10% damage The chest piece for 10% Jump damage would help a lot too
could you beat eldren ring with a bow
Can someone PLEASE explain to me lol only level 50 on 1st play through.
Why didn't you fight Malenia?
You could swap out a talisman for the claw talisman that increases damage for jump attacks.
Nice build, seen more OP but I like it. But I am not a fan of the player/content creator.
No poison proc (not from lack of trying i guess), no jump talisman, no raptor feathers, no millicent hand which stacks (though I may have been misinformed). Not that it matters, bit yeah still a ways off from true max damage.
His body was ready. 🤣
I’m willing to let things be great but bleed is just OP
Can someone point me to a guide for fighting with dual wield katanas? Like, how do you get that scissor attack where both are used at the same time? I'm playing mouse and KB so maybe that's why I can't get it to work? Also, how do you switch the katanas to different hands so fast so you can use sepukku on both of them?
nice video, but actually meta is 125
The word your looking for is ‘destroyed’ not decimated. Decimated means to reduce by 10%.
the buff rotation he does has 2 main flaws, which cost him about 30% damage,  he's not actually proccing the poison on himself, rendering useless the mushroom helmet and he's not seppuku'ing with the white mask, which costs another 10%  if he lined those 2 up we would have seem some true atrocieties  (also there is a better scimitar)
what are those weapons
7:54 I hope Iraq doesn’t blow me up either😞
only when you're really good at dodging though.
It could be better:  1.instead of Bandit Curved Sword you could have gone for Scavenger Curved Sword it has innate bleed that Bandit's lack so intead of going into bleed you could have made them occult which would still scale innate bleed from arcane and vastly increased damage with B scaling in arcane instead of D 2.If u went with 2 Scavenger Curved Sword into occult str/dex scaling would have changed from C/C to E/D meaning you can ignore Str as its almost meaningless and instead of investing 41 points into it you could have stopped at 24 STR that is needed for COMMANDER'S STANDARD meaning u have 17 points to spent on something else like dex or arcane 3.Why start with CONFESSOR class? you dont need points in int or fatih and this class wastes whole 23 points into it if you went with HERO it drops to only 15 meaning 8 points saved 4.Also if you plan to proc poison on mushroom helmet you could have used also Kindred of Rot's Exultation talisman instead of Radagon's Soreseal it should give more damage and its possible to use alongside with Lord of Blood's Exultation 5.There is also nothing stopping you with wearing Raptor's Black Feathers chest armor it gives nice 10% dmg boost to jump attacks pure profit here Edit: 6.Oh yeah there is also Grafted Blade Greatsword unqiue skill that gives +5 to all stats I think its possible to 2 hand it if you have 27 str you could always buff and unequip that
This is definately a good honest build.
Did he really say “great value Godfrey” 🤣🤣🤣 I’m dead!
6:53 the way to dodge it is roll exactly when his shield lifts off of the ground the slightest bit
Tchh I would have like to see what this build could do against soldier of Godrick.
So once you use the blood loss boost to your sword are you unable to heal?
people will still defend bleed builds
I don’t understand how people get addicted to this game. It’s so generic open world wise and gameplay wise and it’s combat is cheap.
Jesus christ how horrifying
If i start a new game and don't lvl up my character will I still be able to invade and get summon requests from none ng players?
why use that banner, what does it do? And why equip the mushroom hat and then remove it? could you explain to me please.
Lol you’ll get one shot
This is really awesome... I will never use it myself, but i like those kind of videos  How would this build go against rykard?
You could make this more op by wearing the armor that boosts jump attack dmg
Dont forget to use the mix flask
To buff the damage just a smidge more try using the chest piece with air attack buff
For me, the show is not your build but rather your fighting ability. You’d beat all these bosses with a couple of sticks.
Hi. Thanks for showcasing my video and build! First off, shout out to Jordien who does many more RL1 speed kills than I do. The core of the build was not my own, my kill just happened to blow up.  This build was optimised for RL1 under flawless play conditions. There are still some things that can be improved even at that, but you should take a different approach on leveled characters.  1. use Occult infused Scavenger's Curved Swords. They're just better with Arcane scaling, especially with Seppuku. They're also lighter. Unfortunately you cannot get two of these on your own before NG+. If you do insist on running Bandit's Blood Curved Swords, aim for 50 dex, 45 arcane. If you are overleveling, get strength afterwards.  2. Use Golden Vow instead of Commander's Standard, it's a weaker buff but lasts 45 seconds instead of 30. Take into account that you spend about 20 seconds buffing after using it, that means you get 25s of buff instead of 10s. This can also be put on a light weapon like a dagger, letting you wear some armor or use Blue Dancer Charm without hardswapping.  3. No need to overinvest. Defense is important too under normal play. 60 vigor, 11str, 13dex, 80 arcane. This is RL123 for Bandit class. Swap out Red-Feathered Branchsword for Ritual Sword Talisman and Radagon Soreseal for Dragoncrest Greatshield. You'll still do more damage than I did on RL1. Congratulations, you now do insane damage while being able to actually survive hits. If you're going higher level, get some endurance first, then dexterity. More hits = more damage.  Oh and make sure you learn the buff sequence correctly. failing to poison yourself means you miss out on +32% dmg (w/ crown and exultation). You can also wear Raptor's Black Feathers armor for extra jump atk bonus (I'd forgotten)
the bandits sword is so good, i used it half of my first play through thank god it’s extremely rare i hope nun of you have the patience for it
Game is balanced btw
I swear, are people still unaware that the leg stub on the giant is a weak spot? I’ve never seen anyone attack the leg stub in second phase, it’s so weird.
GLASS CANNON 😂
He has a feast before every boss
Skumnut you can torrent double jump over the fire giants snow attack, this makes it a lot easier.
Not build
Can i make this to 2 godskin peelers? or 2 bandits curved swords are still better??
trust, set seppuku to occult, and put more into arcane, it slaps major cheeks
“For an all knowing guy, it’s kind of suspicious he’s not using a bleed build.” This made my day
RIP. Great video but I really wanted to see you decimate Malenia lmao.
k but ur 3 hits away from getting the world record for ng+ all remembrances with a couple other bosses in there. gotta start thinking bee man
Most overpowered build and Margit will still kill you
Imagine this build with mimic tear
But what about Malenia?
Why are the ugliest characters so OP Lol
Nice and risky build xd I kinda NEED that animation on the end of your video brooo
Why would such a highly specialized and niche build stacking tons of buffs be "perfectly balanced"? What's the "fair" expectation here? What if the strongest build in the game can kill bosses in a few hits? What's surprising about it?
Indeed the best build
Didn't teabag the defeated bosses... 2/10.   Just kidding. Nice build, but I prefer to use the Claw Talisman and the Black Feathers armor instead of the Red Feathered talisman since I'm not that good at dodging. One of the curved swords has poison affinity so that I can get the buff from the Kindred of Rot's talisman, or the aromatic you're using.
U couldve put like 15 faith to use flame grant me strength for more deeps and use jellyfish shield L2
"at the meta level 150" trippin'
Yep I litterally just larvaled up so I could use Scavengers curved swords bleed and it wrecks. Which swords are these you got?
isnt the Elden Beast  immune to bleed?
add raptors black feathers and claw talisman to this and do jump L1s
Use prosthetic with insignia for better stacking, also put occult on your bandit swords.
I never saw the full Godskin Duo fight, I liked the skinny one and the whole fight ended... Was that some kind of glitch? Or is there some nifty way to skip something?
so is every character succedptible to bleed?
uh this build seems mid ngl
this scrub said "meta level 150",what a pussie
I mean basic bleed build I think I killed malenia in less than 2 minutes on my second try ...
I wanna see this used in pvp
I was wondering the same thing when i saw this video. unlike you, i was too lazy and just spent 6 or 7 hours to kill malenia, instead of the one hour it would've taken me to procure the build.
10 min to getting buffed, 10sec fight.
Nice! I've been running this on my RL1 playthrough as well, but with raptors feathers for the jump attacks (as minor as that is in the end). I just keep tripping up at the end of malenia 😂 trying to kill her as fast as possible.
Sepookooo
Why these swords, and not rivers of blood for example??
I totally melted godskin duo in my playthrough as well with a bleed build and mimic tear, I didn’t feel bad about it because that’s a shit gank fight. Both bosses are cool individually but put them both in the same arena and that’s shit. I would’ve liked to see them work in tandem and not completely gank you, taking turns and maybe fatty will zoom from the back and take his place here and there and have some cool interplay like that. Not both of them ganging up on you. That roll attack is stupid too because even if you’re behind the pillar it can still hit you through walls
Blood noobi
Fuck these videos ruining build originality and breaking the game making it not dun at all fr smh
I feel like the armor that boosts your jump attacks, and maybe replacing the red feather talisman with the one that also boosts jump attacks would make this build even more balanced and fair. Also why the moonveil hate 😂, sure it's ash of war might be a little over powered, but it's not like it's game breaking like bleed procs are.
And I thought rivers of blood was unfair
Jesus i’ve never seen someone melt the fire giants bar like that. He’s beefy, he did a 14k damage combo. Insane. I’m surprised no one has thought of this yet with the >20% hp talisman. Haven’t seen anyone do it yet
I subscribed for the commentary lol
"This man does not know what's coming" Ads pop-up Well... I indeed did not know what was coming
Dagger build or Crafted items Only build
Why dont u have any armor
I’ve never seen anyone try to impersonate penguinz0 this hard before, like wtf 😂
You can improve this build by using the chestpiece that buffs jump attacks and do jump attack because curved swords hit 4 times each jump attack therefore you do more damage, cause more bleed and still keep all the attack buffs+ the jump attack buff
"To be fair it could've been a moonveil user" >:'((
Respect for not potioning after seppuku to balance urself
Bleed is perfectly balanced and fair.
I need those melina Charakter creation sliders pls!
Man this build makes the game way to easy. Adding it to guiding ring companion journal
I swear Skumnut has ability to turn any topic interesting, can't wait to see how my man transcend into variety Youtuber.
This is just sellsword twinbaldes all over again.
This build exist from day 1 and It is not even maxed... But Hey,new build dude for sure
Jesus, Reddit vigor right there.
I don't get why the Red-Feathered Branch talisman's 20% buff is worth running around on so little hit points that a light breeze will kill you.  Surely you can drop that part, replace it with the Ritual Sword instead? It's only a 10% difference
just so ya know both of the milacent end quest items can be used together and they do stack plus using the claw talisman and the raven chest piece you do even more damage with that
How did a spirit bleed
Why not Rykard?
Without seppuku is this build still good?
I wish this game gave us Loadout Slots so we did not have to change armor and Weapon 1 by 1.
wrong weapon bruh. You actually want two scavengers curved swords, but it's a once per play through item sadly. I played my first play through with a bleed build and I quickly noticed the insanity of power stancing bleed curved swords. You also want to do running and jumping attacks, because at close range these attacks can hit four times and basically proc bleed two to three times with one attack. [Edit] You noticed the jump attack after the first few boss fights. Against radagon and elden beast bleed doesn't work, you could have swapped the AoW's to occult to get A LOT more AR instead of bleed.
I feel the beginning of the video on a personal level
Yep definitely strong, maybe use the stronger version of this build as a challenge lmao  2 Scavenger Curved swords (they have bleed on them already) Claw Talisman: Stronger jump attacks Blood loss talisman Both of Millicent's talismans (Rotten Wing and Prosthesis) White Mask Raptors Black Feather's: Also stronger jump attacks  Hitting nearly 5k per jump attack without having to poison myself and switching helmets and all that
ight bro we know you died from a book in renalla's first phase lmao
Skum? More like skips legday, goddamn.
What armor set are you wearing at the beginning of the video?
For the fire giant all you have to do is roll into that snow scoop attack.
It can get worse.  RageGamingVideo did one on this.  You weren't even using the jump talisman, nor Raptor Chest.  In their video, they went Occult for higher base weapon damage, and still getting nearly the same bleed procs, and used the spiny cracked tear with both rotten and millcent's.  Over 1600 AR, and he wasn't stacking the poison buff like you were.
Fun fact about the Godskin duo, you can hit them before they disappear and it will count as damage on the boss Hp bar
14:07 I disagree, its not single handed. checkmate skumnut, waiting for your apology video :3
This reminds me that Rennala deserves a bit more HP
Does anyone know either what those pants are called or where to get them?
playing as Melina? smh you tryna make me simp?
15 vigor only? lol hard pass
Probably going to get lost in the comments because it's late but if you use the swords with occult instead of blood you still get one jumping attack bleed procs with higher physical damage. I know you have 60 arcane but 80 arcane occult scales higher than 80 arcane blood infusion with seppuku because the bleed kind of overcaps
Should throw on raptor feathers and itd be considered ultimate if you use jump attacks
the buff process is so long lol
dont think i didnt see  those runes. How did you die at rennala?
I mean realistically if you aren't running with armor, you could use the more dmg at less weight trinket it would probably preform the same as the more dmg at less hp one. That's what I run on duel nagikiba's with seppoku. Also wasn't aware that putting it on both swords stacks more? I thought it was a self buff not a weapon buff?. I run it with 1 sep and 1 bloody slash maybe ill switch. But NG+ was about the same experience. Melania was in a constant staggered/bleed she couldn't even attack.
"To be fair it could have been a moonveil user" I feel attacked. My first real 100+ build and I main int so moonveil is a go to.
theres a build that did like 24k damage. a guy 1 shotting malenia. look it up
im lvl 480 hmmmmmm i might try this
just so people know occult is more better than blood sword cause you already have bleed with seppuku so you get more raw dmg from it and it work insane
so like let me get the build i need it for uhm let’s just say Scientifical reason
I can't believe my eyes you died to Margit lmao
Why cant u use a crimson flask? Might be a dumb question
are bandits curved swords better than the scavengers curved swords?
Do a vid on ur original file like i know ur at least lvl 200
This build is balanced because you get one shot if you get hit. So the trade off makes sense.
Where do the runes goo!!!!
Used every possible buff
can anyone explain to me how i can use sepukku in bith hands? i always can use it in the right hand, not in the left
Wouldve been a lot stronger if you replaced soreseal with milicents prothesis. AFAIK, milicent prothesis is stronger than rotten ringed sword talisman, but also, it stacks with rotten wing sword talisman anyways. Also like someone else mentioned, throw in the jump attack armor. The jumping powerstance attack does a ton of hits and does stupid damage
The question is, do you even need a build this powerful if you're such a master of dodging? You could have been hacking away at them with a dull rock and still would have beaten them.
very humble build
This man really said "Nah, I'm not gonna actually finish Elden Beast even though I kill it in 10 jump attacks."
The true glass canon build
With elden stars, just run around in a small circle to avoid getting hit
Why is his health like that
You know, since you are at so low health that they can one shot you everytime, despite this build being OP, it actually looks like a fair fight.
Scavenger curved sword by the way outperforms the bandit curved sword, because the scavenger has bleed on it by itself, which means you can put occult on it for more dmg.  How do i know? From other peoples videos who did 1:1 the same thing
Man has a whole feast before a 3 second fight
Ok but is this New Game+?
Miyazaki: what do you mean by "fair and balanced"? It sounds like sarcasm Martin: it's lore accurate
Besides the fact that it wouldn’t make this as much of a flex does healing hinder this setup and build? Like after everything you do to prepare would using a crimson tear just ruin it all?
Does anyone know what the cape he was wearing in the intro was?
Like hiw he clickbaited with that melania shit
I mean you could use the raptor feathers chest and go for jump attacks too, just more balance imo
Has anyone tried a scarlet rot build? I’d also like to see a melina build
John 3:16 King James Version 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
rotten sword insignia and millicent hand stacks
you can get similar results with occult infused scavenger curved swords. 80 Arcane and minimum str/dex to weild. The rest you can put in end/vgr. Scavengers have innate bleed, with occult scaling it ups the bleed so no need to dump so much stats for base physical damage to have both
I feel like using twinblades would be better because jumping attacks hit a bunch of times.
Can someone explain this one to me... only just remembered as I'm watching this.  I killed radahn today on ng+3 today and used a summon just to see how fast he goes down... I flamed... and then I golden ordered... and then I seppukud... and seppukud again... and drank a physick... and then was able to get 1 hit in before he died. All I saw was a full moon. I'm sure I must have missed another attack... but does full moon do THAT much damage, that radahn on journey 4, goes down before I can finish buffing?
A glass cannon build
The prep time is longer than most of these fights
These swords dropped x3 off one bandit...only difference I can calculate is I ate silver foot literally right before killing them..not sure if there is a timing glitch or it always works that way but I hadn't got a single rarer % drop off about 20 kills with half of those while under effect of said silver foot...just never within seconds of kills like that
new game plus by the way
How do you get that armor in the intro?
Why doesn't he heal after doing the stabbing? Does it take away the buff or is it something else? New to the game, so I'm just curious.
i dont understand whats wrong with moonveil🥲
Very nice, but can it beat the true final boss, Rykard?
you act like this is a cheap build.. but its not.. you made a glass cannon build.. thats it.. Its all about who connects first. How is that not balanced?
That’s let me solo her 🤭🤭😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Whos the character in your outro
Malenia or it didn't happen
so your still on your hard  drugs called Elden Ring 😀
no one is seeing this but godskin peeler is much better getting a max of 143 bleed buildup and hitting 6 times in 1 jump attack. js
What helmet is he using in the start to dress up as the girl
Who wanna trade a scavenger’s occult curved sword for 99 lord runes
Damn, sorry for being a bleed build but i like the wheel
I have covid, can I just cough on them?
with the raptor chest piece you do more jumping damage...
Your voice sounds like onlyafro.
>go through entire game >collect optimal talismans and tools >stack multiple buffs "DUHHHH DAE LE PERFECTLY BALANCED?? GET IT??? 🥴🥴" youtube memes get funnier every time they're repeated 😀
Why do you never heal
i just wanted to see it against miquella in ng+
You somehow ended up playing a Witcher 3 high toxicity alchemy build.
FS take note, lest the rest of the game become completely pointless.
I looked away for a second and a boss was dead
Noobs saying that Scavanger with Occult is better in 3,2,1...
Finally! I was looking for a perfectly balanced build that could make the game challenging but not too hard. Very good video, I'll be sure to use this perfectly fair and balanced bleed build.
Imma try this cause i have not been able to defeat radagon im desperate
this isnt even the builds max strength either, for shorter fights where seppuku doesnt run out, occult infusion is actually more optimal at a high level.
Where radahn and malenia fight
Perfectly balanced as it should be
We need to show this video to whoever is in charge of balancing in fromsoft, so we can finally convince them to gut bleed, as they should.
Me with a level 300 character: WAIT people beat the game at level 1?!? Am I just a joke ?!?
I came for your thumbnail, malenia.. why you clickbait..? Where is malenia?
I like how your recent video said you'd nevet die to Margit, and now you've died to Margit 😆 🤣 😂   In all seriousness loving all the challenge videos, for some reason you remind me alot of Charlie, got the same vibe to the way you make your jokes, good shit👍
Bleed doesn't affect the Elden Beast, so how'd the build hurt it so quickly?  (spɹoʍs pǝʌɹnɔ pǝɔuɐʇsɹǝʍod :∀)
No one plays with defaults binds. Why say “L1’s”?
fuck it imma use this build in my first playtrough
Hey I’m looking for some one that can make me a Character like the one of his outro
The literal definition of a glass cannon🙄🙄🙄
You are the only person using bleed that I respect.
Yep “perfectly” balanced
Deletion Key
Why do you use seppuku while wearing the mushroom hat, then proc poison and switch to white mask? Seppuku will proc white mask just like self inflicted poison procs mushroom hat
was looking forward to the maleania fight :')
would howl of shabriri + black dumpling made this even better?
Bro I've been struggling for 5 days trying to kill the last boss in New Game Plus and I just watched you demolished the first phase in like 20 seconds how? How did you do that
The hardest part about the Rennala fight was not getting hit by the book dweebs with zero health. Damn.
Build so strong the poison buff wasn't needed lol
Bosses : can 2 shot you  Skumnut: uno reverse
You should do this on max out level
It does absolutely nothing against the final boss I'm on New Game Plus and I'm facing the final boss and I've been trying to beat them 4   5 days ! I have respect for different times tried 4 diff builds . 11 diff weapons 5 diff summons & it's impossible I truly think it's impossible not only did I finally figure out that they cheat I literally don't know how anyone was able to beat them in new game plus it's literally impossible
FromSoft fix yo game
Can somebody please tell me what his outro is i need it in my life
hahahaha, thx for this video, i wanted something light and op for ng+7 This is it
Mimic 10+ with bleed build any takes
What, no Malenia?
U can use raptors black feathers for increased jump attack dmg
Where do you get Melina's Cape from ?
Because it's just not a legendary enough build unless you can be one-shot by a stray flying book during the Rennala fight.  Ah, Fire Giant or as I like to fondly refer to him as the, "fck you if you thought you weren't using a bleed build" boss XD  I suppose Mogh would be too much trouble considering he requires you to sacrifice a potential buff for phase 2.  Nice Jack-O, I too like Guilty Gear.
Ancestral spirit head and Bubble weapons solos elden ring 😴
Im gonna try this against soldier of godrick, hopefully level 280 is good enough
WHERE THE HELL DID YOU GOT THAT FUCKING CAPE ??!??!!!!????? My foolish ambitions requires this fine piece of Elden Drip.
Why not just use the claw talisman and crow feather cape thingy and do jumping quad-slash bleed combos?
Where did u get the second blade I looted the dead body one for the curve blade
9:50 Of course it was a draw. It was a toxic boss vs a toxic build.
u should do wraith calling bell only run
You've built an amazing glass cannon sir 👏
Radagon and elden beast are immune to bleed
He’s not even a glass cannon, he’s a glass tactical nuke bro
There’s a cloak that boost jump attacks, could’ve been even more broken lmao
Wait did he actually realize he never poisoned himself with the pot throughout this entire video? the meter is at like 95% from filling up, and also you can dodge the snow wave attack from the giant if you dismount your horse while standing still, gives huge iframes
Fromsoft casually making the best game in the last decade just to throw in some of the most diabolical balancing ever seen in a video game
why do you always fight with like zero hp is ur dmg base of hp?
I am using two twin blades(bleed and frost).....its also broken
- "We want easy mode" -  Bandit's Curved Sword: "Hold my hilt"
What was that cape you were using in the beginning?
For those not understanding how this works, excluding the rotten winged sword insignia and the AR buff from seppuku, this build gets a 171% damage buff from everything, the rotten winged sword insignia would add an additional 6%-13% buff depending on how many hits are landed
Theres actually a stronger one believe it or not (pretty sure) with dual occult scavenger curved swords supuku with all jump attack buffs
definitely one of the builds of Elden Ring
Bloody helice in left hand, an axe with war cry in right hand. For talismans run the ace talisman, roar medallion, millicents prosthesis, and rotted winged sword insignia. Pop war cry then two hand bloody helice in left hand. One shots everything
People using this build invade me all the time I destroy them
this is the easy mode so many were asking for
morgott transition into 2nd phase is basically him cooming all over the arena if you think about it.
At the godskin duo fight you are completely right man I took hell of a long time as this is my first souls game but I've been going through bosses fast until these fuckers man this fight is so stupidly fucking dumb I decided hell why not summon another player.
Even godskin duo is judging this build 💀
Where rykard?
keep this in mind when someone replies to a post about a boss being hard with "just respec into a bleed build"
Imagine making a shade bleed.
Some overlord shit
Watching New Game+ first boss take a 3/4 bar first hit rustled my Jimmies. Rustled 'em good.
Alright so I'm stupid and confused, what's with having literally 0 hp?
The "blue dancer" Talisman is awesome for extra damage when your carryweight is low.
....can we see ur attempt(s) at malenia?
Not even close „strongest“ or op. Every fucking build on this lvl is broken. And tbh.. with all that buffs its nothing special. U could easily outdamage this build with Marais Executioners Sword. U cant even oneshot with bandits swords, so whats the point? the dmg output of nearly all weapons are high enough to kill bosses with 2-3 jumpattacks. sorry bro, just bullshit clickbait.
You can actually make this build even stronger without much else, so for starters the mushroom crown doesn't actually give you a damage buff unless you have inflicted poison on your self, and if you use raptors black feathers chest piece you can inflict 10% more damage when using jump attacks.
this build procs bleed faster than RoB because the running or jumping attacks hits up to 4 times, its almost garanteed them to bleed with just 1 jump. the only downfall is the range, but curved sword attacks faster than katanas
even with this op build he didn't wanna face soldier of godrick...
quien me ayuda con radagon 🥲
Dud level up your vigour i know you a bleed user but man have some dignity
This was crazy
Oddly reminds me of Witcher 3 OP builds.
Elden beast is immune to hemorrhage, this is too overpowered.
Why poison yourself only to get rid of it right after? I thought that helmet only buffs you while you are poisoned.
If you add the Raptor's Black Feathers chest to this, and maybe the claw talisman, you could break this even more.
Now that we’ve seen this lets see you beat the game while overloaded
Don't forget to level Vigor
Can you explain what's at work here?
I love your videos man
I mean, I enjoyed the video and commentary but the build only works because you're good at the game. To not get hit once (aside from the times you did and died) is something I'll never master bc I simply don't possess the time or skill to dodge/avoid enemy attacks the way you and others do.
The jump attack version of this build is insane as well ❤
a true bleed user will kill godrick before he chopps his arm off
Me thinking i had a op glass cannon build with spinny scythe attack. This build: hold my bleed (beer) casual
no u dont do anything else liar
Milicent’s prosthesis stacks with rotten winged sword insignia.
No Malenia?
2:22 didn’t even proc poison 😭😭
Why is every single enemy and boss succeptible to bleed even the fucking elden beast? Its so fucking stupid.
this should effect your credit score
Where’s Maleania?
How/where do i get the things for this build? Please help
should have used raptors black feathers for even more damage, shit stacks high
is this click bait? there was nothing strong about this build, its painfully average.
And these woke cheeseballs want an easy mode! What a joke
Not using wondrous man that can boost damage tremendously with the tear that increases damage with successive attacks, and jump attacks are stronger than the spam L1 with curved swords by a long shot. Not saying anything is wrong ofc I'm just saying. Can become stronger.
Swap out the rada talisman for claw and throw on feathers chest piece for even more chonk on them jump attacks
1:40 shoulda used both instead of the soreseal
"Perfectly balanced, as all things should be" - another over- powered mf
What wrong with moonveil users isn't the katana kinda shit now?
Sorry I know I’m a noob. Is this better than rivers of blood?
I really like the concept of these builds like the one in ds3 where your character just powers up for like a minute then hits the boss 3 times like your literally an anime character at that point a paper skined God for 30 seconds
you can get the scavenger curved swords and do the same thing but with occult.
Stop crying so much PvE is supposed to be as easy as you make it they made it like that on purpose to attract a larger audience and to keep people playing in the long run
Always a pleasure to see curve swords getting some love
god dammit sharing secret esoteric knowledge
Me hate Radagon GG Fire Giant fuck you  Literally almost choked being caught off guard by this shit. Hilarious video and honestly great to see this after the infant head run
Trying to set this build up but I don’t understand the buffs.
Perfectly balanced or not the dodge timing in some of these fights are impeccable.
Forgot +10 mimmic tear
Yeah this is fucked up and OP however...  The irony of it all is that most people playing this aren't going to be good enough get this build going until way past RL1 myself included lmao.   I just can't do hyper builds. I absolutely would try it if you could one or two shot something with a greatsword though lol.
Actually the META lvl is actually 125 not 150 🙂
you had to actually roll and dodge things, making it balanced
You’re whole intro is me in a nutshell lol. If I’m not playing Elden Ring, I’m watching YouTube videos about it lol
Thank you for posting this, I was struggling with malenia for a week and this build helped a lot.
*has Malenia in thumbnail *doesn't even fight Melania   smh nice clickbait bro
you forgot malenia even though she’s in the thumbnail
I wonder how many times a magic child throwing a floating book or spitting fire killed this man xD
hot take frostbite is better then bleed ig it was a cold take
Man out here collecting the infinity stones ☠☠☠
Two days ago I started an ng+ arcane playthrough with reduvia (which I feel is op as hell), and it transformed into almost the exact same build in this video. Bleed is just too game breaking
When the godskin are disapearing, you can still hit where they are for a little bit to deal more damage.
Tired of bleed
Let me guess without watching the video, a bleed build
Seeing this build everywhere. I have one now too! Keep the spread alive. What a fun build
Probably the most entertaining vid of elden ring dumpage i've watched. bravo good sir 😂
I’m still waiting for an op big damage build where you don’t need to do 10 buffs before each fight
There's something therapeutic about watching bosses that kicked your ass numerous times get owned in like ten seconds
i like how you skiped fighting malenia blade of miquella because you knew
Speedrun malenia with it 😩
How did you get that set at the start of the video?
And they say Elden Ring doesn't have an easy mode, smh...
Elden ring really is a hard game
What would this look like with 2 godskin peelers and the jump light attack? Hits like 5 times in 1 second (and that one spoiled flesh consumable that increases damage)
Watch the dlcs final boss be God's kin duo
What? Skumnut it's using a op build and not the head of a dead child  It's actually kinda refreshing seeing you do this lmao
nah man, this right here is the strongest build, no joke, watch this video and tell me im wrong https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AcGNqbPTa0
Law of regression would ruin that build
Even with a busted build I know you're better at the game than I am.
3:49 we all just gonna ignore how the mask looks on his character
How could this build be at level one when in order to yield that weapons you have to level up to get to 60 Arcane. I'm not sure I understand what you mean by level 1
Draconic tree sentinel does fireballs, I guess I killed him too fast.
PvP
3:50 Are we going to forget that RoB exists
On the fire giant on the way up there is a tree that you can go up with torrent and then his snow attack does nothing
I WISH YOU WERE ON ELDEN RING 24/7
why didnt u kill milenia? bladeball of miquella was left out.
Everytime I see Fire Giant go into second phase, my brain always reads the “Nnnngahhhh” subtitles as if it were the gamer word lmfao.
Impressive, I could never pull this off, still green when it comes to dodging. My hand to eye coordination has left the building.
lmao this is even way stronger than patch 1.02 Frost Stomp at its strongest, tho stomps aoe makes it very nice for everything else in the game too so it evens out a bit but fkn wow that dmg
Or as miyazaki would say, purufectry balanceda
Sellsword twin blades are back
7:44 did you enjoy the t bagging?
I don't understand why these basic curved swords are so op. And lol at 15 vigor
Soldier of Godrick lookin real nervous rn
I love curved swords, glad to hear they are busted as hell when used correctly
you were the chosen one, you were supposed to defeat the bleed not join them
i dont know why people complain about bleed build on PVE, while you have 2 freaking big buff hammers build basically one shotting bosses,  npcs and players, frenzi flame build suck in pvp...  with this build you basically go kamikaze every time and a single hesitation means death... no way for me to accept as "strongest" build
i dont like drinking performance enhancers for 30 min before every fight. this shit looks absolutely satisfying on the damage tho
If gideon  would know anything - he would not show up at all
Still can beat ruin fragments. Sorry 😐
Lvl vigor they said
It's a good thing they nerfed Sword of Night and Flame into the ground, because that was too powerfull...... this is fine though LOL
I mean add the aromatic that lets you take a hit so less one taps but it is fun
This build seems fair. You won't make it far without getting good at dodging
"meta level 150"  lol ok
Where is Melania?
>meta level >150 don't you fucking dare
Spamming jump attacks with the "successive attacks" talisman will actually never get it to procc, thus making it completely useless. you could've done waaaay more damage if you just used regular L1 combos
No Malenia....😭
I didn’t like it cause you cussed a lot. Won’t be watching you no more!
is this what they mean when they talk about the elden ring easy mode mod
I'm using 1 side bleed sepuku and 1 side cold chilling mist, i feel it's even better in overall output
You forgot to + the mimic that is a true cardinal sin
How are you lowering your HP? must've missed it
lol losers watching yt videos that aren’t elden ring smh
what makes this video the best is that you still suck even when using this build lmaooo.
Why didnt you fight Malenia >:(
I went for the raptor chestpiece and claw talisman to get that extra damage in after copying this build https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AcGNqbPTa0&t=280s&ab_channel=RageGamingVideos
Very nice. Let's see Paul Allen's bleed build
Damn what's insane is that this isn't even the final form on this build. Occult infusion rather than blood on the swords, golden vow, flame, Grant me strength, and kindred of rot's exultation would boost damage by another ~50% plus fifty or so more flat damage per sword hit. The difficulty is no longer engaging with the fight but rather having the patience for the worlds most boring buff ritual.
12:24 i perfectly synced up and finished the line here🗿🙏🏾
Funny how you died to Renalla
dude turned Elden Ring into a point and click adventure
bleed in and of itself as a proc aint so bad. I actually think its damage is balanced.    Its the outrageous amounts of buildup you can achieve that make it kinda busted.
tbh its like barley stronger then mines
Reminds me of stacking buffs outside of boss rooms in Code Vein. Good ol' days. I'm also surprised by just how quickly you melted Elden Beast's HP, given that it's immune to bleed. Shame Elden Stars is such a bitch to avoid.
I, myself, am an extraordinarily humble bleed build
And some people complain about RoB lmao they didnt even know the true op build...
I didnt think Godfrey could bleed being he looks like a ghost haha
I have a question, for God.... whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
As godskin duo are dying, you can continue swinging until the final "poof" animation. Would have cut your fight time length in half by doing this
The godskin  more like flesh
this is pretty powerful but you can just do this with a proper comet azur build too and it takes less preparation, except for the elden beast you still gotta try on the elden beast
Where is pieck
I'm really curious if infusing your swords with occult instead of bleed would have net you more damage. since you are already using sepukku and they already have innate blood loss, I feel like the extra scaling might have mattered more.
for an all knowing guy, its kind of suspicious that he still thinks he can beat this you shouldnt seppuku for some of these fights, if it doesnt bleed its immune to bleed, radagon, ghost godfrey, and elden beast are all immune you would be better off without the sepukku
That was very satisfying watching Gideon die like that lmao
Why didn't he use dual occult scavenger curved swords? Way better ar and innate bleed seems like the better choice
this guy sounds like hes trying to be penguinz0 haha
It’s so weird seeing Dr. Proctor do damage
Thus build sucks ass. I'm not very good at the game and I would destroy u. At the same level I have 3x the health as u and do slightly less damage.
Why no show elden beast dying??
And, good video by the way, interesting, entertaining, enjoyed watching it.  Good job Skumnut!
How do make ur character look like Melina ? I saw some guides but they look doodoo in game.
Bleeds for chumps all my real homies be using colossal swords
Strongest build blablabla...  Him : *Dies from 1st boss* damn ! Me : die from cringe
title gore
Disgusting, shame on you.    What swords are those?
You actually fucked up the buffs. Didnt apply the poison fully. You should also be using occult for enemies that dont bleed (also true if you use weapons with innate bleed).
How did you get that armor with the cape at the beginning? Hacks?
That's not a build, but a buff stacking.
Nice showcase Skumnut good job. Also I love the fact u gave credit to MrBorkD's that show u are an honest person.
Embarrasing. Only 9k damage? Mortal, witness TRUE POWER. Reaching 13,000 ar damage and dealing over 100,000 damage in a single hit! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8BkiFqM0s4
Positive comment, perfectly balanced
Did u get elden beast down?
“Buffing, when correctly applied, should take longer than the fight” -Bleedfucious
Im new and the outro is the best, man
I think you bleed guys are way beyond pointing the finger at us moonveil guys, dude :D
this build could by even filthier with the armor that boosts jump attacks
How did you get Melina's armor?
the strongest build is a knife with quickstep, ya wont ever need more then that.
In the first godfrey fight, against the gold one, he's immune to bleed. That damage is completely without bleed, and you still melted him.
To avoid the Fire Giant's bs snow attack I always just use the i-frames you get from dismounting Torrent with L3
The Godskin Duo fight could always be worse. Just throw several Giant Dragonfly in the room. We will be so wrapped up in on taking the duo out that those basters will be the ones to swoop in and take us out before we can heal.
I like how everytime he goes to give himself the poison buff but never actually fully poisons himself so he never gets the damage
Pretty sure than twinblades are better tbh.
has anyone been experiencing a fuck tonne of frame drops lately or is it just me? what im playing it on is beefy and slifghtly overkill but its a laptop so idk
gideon got his cheeks CLAPPED lmao😂😂😂
New challenge idea: Kill Gideon before his boss bar appears.
bleed lord
You got to try the scavengers curved sword set to occult with sepuku there just a better version of the bandit sword
used this build AGES ago cant wait to see every other player using this xD
I love fair and non-bleed builds in this game, thank you for sharing a one
This is why I went back to dark souls 1 PTDE. Er needs a ton of patches and I have all the achievements so I'll come back after the balance patches come. I have to beat bloodborne aswell. I never beat any of them before ER so I have an amazing journey ahead.
>Strongest build >Only 41 strength This is why i dislike youtube, so much clickbait
I honestly never got why blood loss is the way it is in Froms games.  Like you'd logically imagine a bleed effect as DoT or even stamina damage (shoutouts to DS2); why would it be a sudden burst of extra damage?  Frostbite makes at least a little sense, since it's logical that you could get a little cold without issue, but bleeding any amount is gonna affect you.
I'm still playing elden ring alot but now I'm dabbling in Darksiders I started with 3 cuz I had it with ps plus.
I’m about to do this build🤌🏻🔥
*what's up, what's up*
Wow. I thought Radagon would be a hard counter to this variety of spice, but even he couldn't handle all that. Good job.
The build would be even better with the raven’s black feathers armor to boost those jump attacks
Most op? It's blood you're doing nothing special.
Now try the jumping godskin peeler build, it’s way more op
first 280 view!!!
Currently using those curved swords just one with frost
"Radabum"🤣
This build was somewhat held back by the absence of a secret critical component, that being the Ancestral Infant's Head
Don't think we didn't notice that you died in the first phase of Rennala but didn't show it 😂
You should do one of these op builds as a "challenge" so you can finally get a break from all the terrible challenges
If you keep hitting godskin duo while they are in the dying animation you can continue to do more damage
I knew bleed was broken but dang this is crazy haven’t used bleed at all but I will not turn into the dark side keep it up
We all know curved swords are the high st DPS, your late to the damn party by a month. Sure they are new YouTube vids, but the actual players have been doing this shit for a long time already. I would like to add your stats are completely wrong for the highest damage. You want two scavengers scaled to Occult, not strength and Dex
Lets see this completely original balanced and fair bleed build
Is dex or str better for a faith build using scythes? Also is dual weilding scythes good? (New from-soft player here)
109th
First again… I’m gonna stop
Second
How was ur day
Epic
